CNN  -- A raging fire Saturday at a hotel in the Saudi Arabian city of Medina killed 15 people and injured another 130 , state news reported . According to the official Saudi Press Agency , the local government issued a statement saying it first learned about the fire shortly after 2:30 p.m.  6:30 a.m. ET  Saturday . It was under control by 5 p.m. By then , authorities were already sifting through the damage and trying to determine how the blaze began . The hotel had more than 700 guests from numerous nations when the fire erupted . As one of the holiest cities in the Islamic world , Medina is frequently visited by religious pilgrims . "  Preliminary indications suggest that those killed died of suffocation , " the government said , according to the SPA report .	The fire broke out in a hotel with about 700 guests in Medina , state news reports Medina is one of the holiest cities in Islam and is frequently visited by pilgrims In addition to those killed , 130 were injured in the fire
CNN  -- NFL quarterback Ben Roethlisberger is accused of sexually assaulting a woman at a rural Georgia nightspot early Friday , police said . Police talked to Roethlisberger , 28 , and the 20-year-old woman at the scene immediately after the incident was reported at about 2:30 a.m. Friday morning at Capital City in Milledgeville , Georgia , said Deputy Police Chief Richard Malone . However , Malone said investigators still need to do a follow-up interview with Roethlisberger and witnesses . He added that nobody has been charged in the alleged incident and stopped short of calling the football player a suspect . The woman "  alleged that he is the perpetrator , " Malone told reporters . He said the woman was part of a group mingling with Roethlisberger 's friends at the restaurant and that the groups had gone to other bars and restaurants over the course of the evening . He said the woman was treated and released from a local hospital Friday morning . Roethlisberger 's agent , Ryan Tollner , said his client would cooperate in the investigation . Roethlisberger has been the starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers for six seasons , guiding the team to two Super Bowl championships . "  Last night , Ben and his friends met a group of women and everyone mingled together throughout the evening , " Tollner said in a written statement Friday . "  We have spoken to law enforcement . Based on information currently available , an allegation was made against Ben , which appeared to be dismissed after a preliminary investigation last night . "  Obviously , given the prior accusation against Ben , we are skeptical of motive , but we will continue to cooperate with everyone involved . " Tollner was referring to a civil complaint filed against Roethlisberger last year , also alleging sexual assault . Roethlisberger has denied the allegations by an executive casino host at Harrah 's Lake Tahoe , saying , "  I would never , ever force myself on a woman . " Roethlisberger and eight Harrah 's employees are named in the suit , which seeks at least $ 390,000 , plus unspecified punitive damages , from the defendants .	Accuser was with group of women that had been hanging out with Roethlisberger Authorities have not charged anyone ; follow-up interviews to take place Civil complaint filed against Roethlisberger last year also alleges sexual assault
CNN  -- Residents along the Gulf Coast continue to get pounded by heavy winds and unrelenting rain from Tropical Depression Isaac , an eerie reminder of Hurricane Katrina , which pummeled the Gulf Coast seven years ago . Hurricane safety when the lights go out Relief organizations are on the ground , providing food and shelter for those displaced from their homes . "  We 're still very much in the middle of a major storm , " said Daphne Hart , a Red Cross spokeswoman . "  The flooding is a huge concern . " The Red Cross has deployed 2,400 disaster workers from Florida to Texas . On Wednesday night , more than 4,700 people spent the night in one of 80 shelters open across seven states . "  We have nearly 200 emergency response vehicles that have been prepositioned in safe areas along the Gulf Coast , " Hart said . "  And as soon as it 's safe to do so , those vehicles as well as disaster assessment teams will be canvassing the area , trying to determine what the needs are . "  It could be anything from serving people hot meals as they 're in their home trying to clean up , distributing clean-up kits with items such as rakes , shovels , gloves and trash bags , and just trying to get people back on their feet . " To assist the Red Cross in its efforts , you can donate by visiting the website , calling 1-800-RED CROSS or texting "  REDCROSS " to 90999 to make a $ 10 donation . If you or a loved one are in one of the affected areas , you can also let people know you are safe by registering on the Red Cross ' Safe and Well page . The Salvation Army is building up emergency response teams and supplies in affected areas along the Gulf Coast . It has 24 mobile feeding units and a 54-foot field kitchen that can provide up to 31,000 meals . The organization has already provided 3,000 meals , 20,000 drinks and counseling to those in need . Keep a hurricane preparation checklist Along with providing food and water for storm victims , the Salvation Army will be on hand to assist in long-term recovery . "  Once the storm passes , folks are going to need to get back into their homes . They 're going to need to start the long journey of repairing and replacing the damage that 's been done by the storm , " said Maj. Terry Ray , Mississippi Gulf Coast area commander . "  The Salvation Army comes in with cleaning kits and supplies . "  During that time , the Salvation Army mobile kitchens will continue to roll out . We 'll do it as long as people need us . We will continue to feed and roll out cleaning supplies and materials so people can get back to where they were before the disaster hit . " If you would like to help those affected by this disaster , you can visit the website , call 1-800-SAL-ARMY or text the word "  STORM " to 80888 to make a $ 10 donation that will show up on your next phone bill . Operation Blessing International is assessing the damage in Plaquemines Parish and will be serving hot meals to people in St. Bernard Parish . Their mobile command center includes a mobile kitchen , two construction trailers full of equipment , and tools and clean-up supplies for more than 100 volunteers . The organization will be asking for volunteers once the storm passes to aid in relief efforts including debris removal and roof repair . If you would like to volunteer , visit the website or call 757-374-0944 for more information . AmeriCares has delivered family emergency kits and cleaning supplies to Mississippi families affected by the storm . The relief supplies include household cleaning kits , mops and family emergency kits , which contain tote bags stocked with soap , shampoo , toothbrushes and other personal care items . The kits are being distributed by the Salvation Army in Gulfport . To help AmeriCares with its disaster response , visit the website to make a donation or sign up to be a volunteer . Direct Relief International has distributed ready-to-use hurricane preparedness packs to 20 clinics in the path of the storm . The packs contain enough medicine and medical supplies to treat up to 100 people for three to five days . Its Emergency Response Team is closely monitoring the storm , and more than 85 health clinics in five states have been contacted about their medical supply needs . Visit the website to assist in relief efforts . Links , tips and resources for hurricane preparation Operation USA is providing emergency aid to the New Orleans area and the Mississippi Gulf Coast . The organization is assessing shelter , food , clothing and other needs . To help , visit the website , call 1-800-678-7255 or text "  AID " to 50555 to donate $ 10 to disaster relief efforts .	Tropical Depression Isaac has dumped up to 20 inches of rain in some areas Close to a million people are without power in four states Relief organizations are on the ground , and there are ways you can help
EW  -- Tyra taught her to smize , but will Yaya sing too ? TVLine reports that Yaya DaCosta , who made her television debut in Cycle 3 of "  America 's Next Top Model , " has been cast to play Whitney Houston in Lifetime 's upcoming biopic . The Brown graduate  as she frequently reminded us on the show  has made a name for herself since taking second place in the modeling competition , nabbing acting roles in "  All My Children , " "  Ugly Betty , " "  House " and even "  Lee Daniel 's The Butler . " Which contestant has had the most successful post - ` ANTM ' career ? Lifetime previously announced that Oscar winner Angela Bassett  who appeared most recently in "  American Horror Story "  will direct the film about the pop star , who died two years ago at 48 . Lifetime 's project will focus on Houston 's tumultuous relationship with the model , singer , and songwriter Bobby Brown , which continued throughout much of her career . "  Whitney Houston "  working title  marks Bassett 's first directorial debut and is scheduled to premiere in 2015 . Lifetime doing Whitney Houston movie with Angela Bassett Basset co-starred with Houston in 1995â $ ² s "  Waiting to Exhale , " making this something of a personal project for the actress . In a previous statement , Basset noted , "  I have such regard for both Whitney 's and Bobby 's amazing talents and accomplishments ; and I feel a responsibility in the telling of their story . Their humanity and bond fascinates us all . I 'm beyond excited to have this opportunity to go behind the camera and into their world . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Yaya DaCosta will play Whitney Houston in Lifetime biopic The reality star-turned-actress got her start on "  America 's Next Top Model " Actress Angela Bassett will make her directorial debut with the telepic
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Five men and four women have been selected to be jurors in the Pennsylvania trial of Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State assistant football coach charged with child rape . About 220 potential jurors reported for duty Tuesday , after the court whittled the number to about 600 based on answers to questionnaires sent to prospective jurors ' homes . Of those , about half were sent home and asked to return Wednesday . "  We are now making good progress , " Judge John Cleland said late Tuesday afternoon . Twelve jurors and four alternates will eventually be selected . Sandusky , 68 , has been under house arrest since being charged with sexually abusing 10 boys for at least 15 years . Prosecutors allege he met some of his accusers through Second Mile , a charity he created for underprivileged children . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . He and his attorney , Joe Amendola , were in attendance Tuesday . Keys to the case against Sandusky Opening statements are expected to begin Monday , the judge said , and the trial is likely to last about three weeks . Sandusky supposedly wrote love letters to one of his alleged victims , Victim 4 , ABC News reported late Tuesday . They will be read into testimony , ABC said . When asked by CNN about the report , the attorney for Victim 4 , Ben Andreozzi , said he expects that letters from Sandusky to his client will be introduced at trial , but declined to comment on their content . Gifts Sandusky allegedly gave to Victim 4 may also be introduced as evidence by prosecutors , according to a source close to the case . Those gifts could include golf clubs and football jerseys , the source said . A source close to another alleged victim , Victim 1 , said Victim 1 received birthday cards and notes from Sandusky , but that they were not sexually explicit in nature . They included statements such as , "  I love you , " but did not contain anything overtly sexual , that source said . Authorities allege that Sandusky abused some of the boys on the Penn State campus . The case has shaken the university , raised questions about its response to the allegations and drawn criticism from those who claim Penn State put its reputation ahead of protecting potential child victims . University President Graham Spanier and iconic head football coach Joe Paterno lost their jobs soon after Sandusky 's arrest amid criticism that they did not adequately handle the matter when allegations involving Sandusky arose years earlier . Paterno died of complications from lung cancer in January . Mike McQueary , a former graduate student considered to be a key witness in the Sandusky case , has testified that he alerted Paterno in 2002 that he 'd seen what appeared to be Sandusky sexually assaulting a boy in a shower in Penn State 's athletic facilities , an allegation that authorities did n't learn of until years later . Paterno apparently told the university 's athletic director , Tim Curley , but no one notified police . Curley and Gary Schultz , Penn State 's senior vice president for finance and business , are now facing felony charges of perjury and failing to report the allegations to authorities . Prosecutors said later that the McQueary incident took place about a year earlier than was originally alleged , causing defense attorneys for Curley and Schultz to argue that one of the charges should now be dropped . Both of them have pleaded not guilty , and their attorneys have said that prosecutors "  charged this case before  they  knew the facts . " Potential jurors were asked Tuesday about their relationships with Penn State , local law enforcement and Second Mile , and whether they had contributed to any of those entities . Several reported knowing Sandusky or his wife , while others said they had volunteered at Second Mile . Others said they were current or former Penn State employees . Prosecutors plan to call more than 50 witnesses during the trial , and the defense plans to call about 100 , including Jay and Sue Paterno , Joe Paterno 's son and widow ; McQueary ; his father , John ; and Spanier , among others . The prosecution is preparing witnesses for their testimony next week , according to several sources close to the case . The 28-year-old man known as Victim 4 is expected to testify first , with Victim 1 , who started the investigation by coming forward in 2008 and alleging years of abuse , to follow , the sources said . McQueary and his father were told to be in town and ready to testify next Wednesday or Thursday , one of the sources said . Cleland told members of the jury pool that jurors in the case will not be sequestered , saying he will trust them not to read newspapers or follow the case online . He told the prospective jurors that after he speaks with them , groups will be taken to another room for questioning and then to a different room for more questioning from the judge and attorneys . If they are selected , he said , they will be taken to a different room . "  We 're using all the rooms , " Cleland quipped as pool members chuckled . Sandusky listened intently to the judge as he spoke to the jury pool , also chuckling at times . But he looked down when the judge discussed the charges against him . As jury selection in the case began Tuesday , Penn State released a statement , saying , "  The acts that Jerry Sandusky is accused of committing are horrible and if proven true , deserve punishment . " The university said it would not comment on the specifics of the legal case , but said it hopes that the trial "  provides answers we are all seeking " and that "  the legal process will start to bring closure to the alleged victims and families whose lives have been irrevocably impacted and that they can begin the healing process . " Several of Sandusky 's alleged victims , including Victim 4 , asked a judge to protect their identities at trial . However , Cleland ruled Monday that the alleged victims ' identities may not be concealed during the trial , although they will be protected through the jury selection process . "  Courts are not customarily in the business of withholding information , " Cleland 's ruling said . "  Secrecy is thought to be inconsistent with the openness required to assure the public that the law is being administered fairly and applied faithfully . " Prosecutors in Sandusky case present new , graphic details But , the judge noted , "  It is also to be hoped that various news organizations that will report on the trial will use what has become their professional custom to protect the privacy of alleged victims . " CNN generally does not identify alleged victims of sexual assault . Victim advocacy groups criticized the judge 's decision late Monday , expressing their hope that it would not have a chilling effect on the reporting of child sexual abuse . "  The judge placed a significant burden on this class of victims by stating that they have ' a duty to the community to testify ' about the crime , but denying them privacy protections in exchange for that testimony . By bravely coming forward , victims serve in the interest of public safety ; they should be assured that their privacy will be protected , " the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape , the National Center for Victims of Crime and the National Crime Victim Law Institute said in a joint statement . "  In society , sometimes we question why rape victims are reluctant to come forward , " Andreozzi , attorney for Victim 4 , said Monday after the ruling . "  So now we have our answer . ... We are disappointed . " "  We are not asking to close the courtroom , only to use a pseudonym , " he said . His client will still testify , he said , "  but at what expense to his emotional well-being ? " He said he expects the defense to attack his client on the basis of a meeting he had with Sandusky in the years after the alleged abuse . "  My client could n't break free , " said the attorney , describing the relationship between Victim 4 and Sandusky as "  complex . " Psychologist flagged Sandusky as ` likely pedophile ' in 1998 report After news of the scandal broke last year , The New York Times published an extensive interview in which Sandusky attempted to clarify his relationships with young people . "  If I say , ` No , I 'm not attracted to young boys , ' that 's not the truth , " he said , according to the story . "  Because I 'm attracted to young people -- boys , girls -- I ... " His lawyer , who was present at the interview , spoke up at that point to note that Sandusky is "  not sexually " attracted to them . "  Right . I enjoy -- that 's what I was trying to say -- I enjoy spending time with young people . I enjoy spending time with people , " Sandusky continued . "  I mean , my two favorite groups are the elderly and the young . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Jason Carroll and CNN contributor Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	The jury includes five men and four women More than 150 witnesses are expected at the trial Sandusky , 68 , faces charges of child rape Prosecutors allege that he abused 10 boys for more than 15 years
CNN  -- Classes resumed last Thursday at the University of Kansas at Lawrence , and by Monday 47 students had swine flu , a college official said . The CDC recommends someone sick with the virus remain out of class for 24 hours after fever has abated on its own . Although that 's less than two-tenths of 1 percent of the 27,000-member student body , and no one has died or been hospitalized , the school has moved into action . "  The sanitizer 's out , " said Todd Cohen , director of university relations . The university sent e-mails to faculty members asking them to create contingency plans so that sick students are not required to go to class , and to commuter students and their parents warning them that the students may have to be isolated if they fall ill . That same message has gone to students in dormitories . Arrangements are being made to isolate anyone who 's sick in their rooms by moving out their roommates and dropping off meals , Cohen said . None of the school 's cases of swine flu -- also called H1N1 -- has proven fatal or resulted in a hospitalization , he said , and none of the reported cases has been confirmed . Public health officials are simply assuming that anyone with flu symptoms has swine flu , because it 's the only form of the virus in circulation , he said . The school 's health center can do little for those who show up for help . "  They 're basically told to go home and rest and get better , " Cohen said . Vaccines are unlikely to help much this year . Supplies are not expected until late October , and require some five weeks from the first inoculation -- two are required -- before they become effective . "  By then , it 's December and the semester is almost over , " he said . So public health officials are focusing on more basic medical efforts . Students already overloaded with information at the start of the semester are being urged to sneeze into their sleeves , wash their hands frequently and stay home if they get sick , Cohen said . "  It really comes down to them taking personal action , " he said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends someone sick with the virus remain out of class for 24 hours after fever has abated on its own . Firm figures on just how many people have the illness are tough to come by . Doctors are not required to report it to state or federal health officials , said Maggie Thompson , a spokeswoman for the Kansas Department of Health and Environment . "  We 've stopped accepting tests from county health departments , " she said . Instead , the department is focusing on a surveillance system that will test only those sites deemed representative . Otherwise , Thompson said , the state 's laboratories would become overwhelmed . "  There are just too many numbers . " The state stopped counting laboratory-confirmed cases at 324 : "  But that is just a fraction of what we think is going on , " she said . "  There could be as many as 10,000 cases in Kansas already . " KU students are not the only ones catching swine flu , Thompson said : "  If you called any university of this size around the country it 's probably going to be about the same . " At Auburn University in Alabama , 10 cases have been reported among the 24,000 students who started classes last Monday , a spokeswoman said . "  So far , everybody seems to be recovering , " said Deedie Dowdle . The school 's emergency management team was meeting this week to decide how to handle larger-scale absences , she said . "  I 'm getting lots of reports of outbreaks in the Southeast Conference , " said Dr. James Turner , president of the American College Health Association . "  I 'm anticipating several thousand cases among college students this fall . " Among the preparations are plans for mass vaccinations , he said . But with school just beginning , much remains unknown , he said . "  We are just kind of hunkering down right now waiting to see where this goes . " Turner is also executive director for student health at the University of Virginia , where classes are slated to begin Tuesday . "  We 're kind of bracing for what the week brings , " he said . Turner said 63 students came down with swine flu during the summer session , and "  they all did fine . " Last week , the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow . "  We 're hoping we 're on track to be ahead of this virus , to get the college-age population vaccinated once it becomes available in mid-October , and to keep students as safe and secure as possible , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters in a conference call . Some U.S. colleges began reporting cases last April , after students returned from spring break . The University of Notre Dame in South Bend , Indiana , which reported one case of H1N1 last spring , is taking extra precautions ahead of the fall semester . "  We are attacking the disease , from each person taking the responsibility for good hygiene and healthy habits , " said Ann Kleva , the university 's director of health services . The University of California has been stocking up on supplies for each of its 10 campuses over the past several months , university system officials said . Since mid-April , when swine flu was discovered , the CDC has tallied 522 deaths in the nation . "  We do know that H1N1 flu is circulating in the country right now , " said Lisa Barrios , of the agency 's division of adolescent and school health . "  For the most part , it 's sporadic and regional . " But she said the agency is not advising any schools to close . "  What we 're doing is keeping a very close eye on what 's happening with the flu during the fall and the winter , " she said . The swine flu virus has captured the attention of public health experts because they worry it could mutate into a far more lethal form . "  If that does happen , then we may recommend that schools close , but right now we are not doing that , " Barrios said . "  It 's important to balance the risks with the benefits of keeping kids in schools . " CNN 's Emily Sherman , Leslie Wade , Miriam Falco and Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this article .	Five days into new year , U. of Kansas at Lawrence has 47 cases of swine flu No one has died or been hospitalized because of the illness Last week , the CDC released tips for school administrators to follow Universities and colleges across the country are bracing for swine flu spike
The Food and Drug Administration announced Tuesday that nSpired Natural Foods Inc. is voluntarily recalling several lots of peanut , almond and other nut butters on fears of salmonella contamination . The company was made aware of the risk after routine testing showed a potential link between consumption of these products and four instances of illness . The affected products include Arrowhead Mills Peanut Butters , MaraNatha Almond Butters and Peanut Butters and specific private label nut butters sold under the Trader Joe 's , Whole Foods , Kroger and Safeway brands . A complete list of products involved in the recall can be found on FDA.gov . The company is working with consumers and retailers to remove inventory from retail shelves and warehouses . The products were sold in the United States , Canada , Hong Kong , United Arab Emirates , Dominican Republic and online . Customers are being advised to dispose of any potentially affected containers of nut butter and contact the company directly at 1-800-937-7008 between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. CT for a replacement or refund . A 2012 recall because of Salmonella Bredeney in peanut butter produced by Sunland Inc. resulted in 42 cases of illness and the eventual closure of the company after filing for bankruptcy . Fast facts on salmonella The CDC reports that people in a normal state of health who ingest Salmonella-tainted food may experience diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps , which typically begin within 12 to 72 hours . This may be accompanied by vomiting , chills , headache and muscle pains . These symptoms may last about four to seven days and then go away without specific treatment , but left unchecked , Salmonella infection may spread to the bloodstream and beyond . It can cause death if the person is not treated promptly with antibiotics . Children , the elderly and people with compromised immune symptoms should practice extreme caution . About 48 million people contract some form of food poisoning each year , according to the CDC . Salmonella was the top cause of foodborne illness , according to the CDC 's 2012 report card on food poisoning . However , the overall incidence of Salmonella was unchanged from the 2006-08 data , the agency said . The report card is based on reports from 10 U.S. regions , representing about 15 % of the country . See more on food poisoning on CNN Health	Four cases of salmonella are potentially linked to nut butters from nSpired Natural Foods The company has issued a voluntary recall Customers are advised to dispose of any remaining product
Panama City , Panama  CNN  Ending a decades-long standstill in U.S.-Cuba relations , President Barack Obama met for an hour Saturday with his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro , the first time the two nations ' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years . The meeting in a small conference room on the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas came as the two countries work to end the Cold War enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties . And while both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block -- Cuba 's place on the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terror -- remained unresolved . "  This is obviously an historic meeting , " Obama said at the beginning of his session with Castro , claiming that decades of strain had done little to benefit either Cubans or citizens of the United States . "  It was time for us to try something new , " he said . "  We are now in a position to move on a path toward the future . " Castro , who earlier in the day said he trusted Obama , acknowledged there would be difficult stumbling blocks as his nation works to repair ties with the United States . But he said those differences could be surmounted . "  We are willing to discuss everything , but we need to be patient , very patient , " Castro said . "  We might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow . " Speaking to reporters after his session with Castro , Obama said the meeting was "  candid and fruitful " and could prove to be a "  turning point " in his push to defrost ties with Cuba . But he said he had n't yet decided whether to remove Cuba 's designation as a state sponsor of terror , an outcome that had previously been expected during the summit . The State Department provided Obama with a review of the terror status this week . "  I want to make sure I have a chance to read it , study it before we announce publicly what the policy outcome is going to be , " Obama said . "  But in terms of the overall direction of Cuba policy , I think there is a strong majority both in the United States and in Cuba that says our ability to engage , to open up commerce and travel and people to people exchanges is ultimately going to be good for Cuban people . " On Friday night , Obama and Castro greeted each other courteously amid an explosion of camera flashes , shaking hands before dining at the inaugural session of the conference . The two sat at the same table but not directly next to one another . Before Obama arrived in Panama on Wednesday , he spoke with Castro by phone , laying the groundwork for what will become a new era of relations between the neighboring countries . "  The Cold War has been over for a long time , " Obama said during opening remarks at the summit Saturday . "  I 'm not interested in having battles , frankly , that began before I was born . " That exhortation , however , seemed to be lost on Castro himself , who expanded what was meant to be a six-minute speech into a 50-minute address lecturing leaders on Cuba 's revolution and giving a litany of perceived grievances to Cuba over the past 50 years . But he distinguished Obama from past American presidents , saying he respected Obama 's move toward reconciliation . "  In my opinion , President Obama in an honest man , " Castro said through an interpreter . "  I admire him , and I think his behavior has a lot to do with his humble background . " A U.S. administration official said Castro 's long list of grievances was expected , despite the move toward diplomatic ties . "  What 's  unique and new is what he said about the president , " the official said of Castro 's praise for Obama . Obama announced in December that he was seeking to renew diplomatic relations with Cuba after half a century of strife , including eventually opening embassies in Washington and Havana . Obama set to test engagement doctrine with Cuba in Panama His meeting with Castro on Saturday is n't being billed as a formal bilateral session , but Obama 's aides are still characterizing the event as the highest-level engagement with the Cuban government since then-Vice President Richard Nixon met with Fidel Castro in 1959 . "  We 're in new territory here , " Ben Rhodes , Obama 's deputy national security adviser , said Friday . "  The reason we 're here is because the President strongly believes that an approach that was focused entirely on isolation , focused entirely on seeking to cut off the Cuban people from the United States of America had failed . " The overtures to Cuba have not been universally popular in the United States ; some lawmakers were irate that Obama was seeking to engage what they regard as a corrupt government . "  A recommendation to remove Cuba from the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism would represent another significant misstep in a misguided policy , " Sen. Bob Menendez , a Democrat who used to the chair the Foreign Relations Committee , wrote in a statement last week . In Latin America , however , Obama was receiving a warm welcome after announcing he was seeking to engage Havana in talks over reopening embassies and removing barriers to commerce and travel . 9 things you wanted to ask about the Cuban embargo He noted to applause during a session Friday that this was the first summit with Cuba in attendance . And he 's cast the decision to reopen the U.S. relationship with Cuba as beneficial to the entire hemisphere , which has also embraced his immigration executive action . But even as Obama landed in Panama , the longstanding gulfs between the two countries ' governments were on display . Dissidents opposed to Castro 's regime were violently accosted this week by supporters of the Cuban government , a scuffle the White House said was unacceptable . "  As we move toward the process of normalization , we 'll have our differences , government to government , with Cuba on many issues -- just as we differ at times with other nations within the Americas , just as we differ with our closest allies , " Obama said at a meeting of civil society leaders Friday . "  There 's nothing wrong with that . " "  But I 'm here to say that when we do speak out , we 're going to do so because the United States of America does believe , and will always stand for , a certain set of universal values , " he said . The long history between the U.S. and Cuba Obama closed out his time in Panama with a news conference where he covered topics ranging from Hillary Clinton 's expected presidential announcement to his framework deal with Iran on its nuclear program . The President had pointed criticism for Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . Earlier this week , McCain accused Secretary of State John Kerry of intentionally mischaracterizing what the sides had agreed to in the Iran nuclear deal . "  John Kerry is delusional , " McCain said on the Hugh Hewitt show , a conservative talk radio program , adding that the view from the Supreme Leader of Iran of the provisions agreed to "  is probably right , " rather than what the United States maintains are the agreed provisions . While discussing the Iran agreement Saturday , Obama brought up those remarks without being asked . "  When I hear someone like Sen. McCain recently suggest that our secretary of state , John Kerry , who served in the United States Senate ,  is  a Vietnam veteran , who 's provided exemplary service to this nation , is somehow less trustworthy of the interpretation of what 's in a political agreement than the Supreme Leader of Iran , that 's an indication of the degree to which partisanship has crossed all boundaries , " he said at the news conference . After the President 's remarks , McCain tweeted "  So Pres. Obama goes to #Panama , meets with Castro and attacks me - I 'm sure Raul is pleased . " As for his 2008 Democratic rival , Obama said , "  If she decides to run , if she makes an announcement , she 's going to have some strong messages to deliver , " he said .	"  The Cold War has been over for a long time , " President Obama says The thaw in ties has dominated discussion at the Summit of the Americas in Panama The top leaders from the United States and Cuba have n't met for substantive talks in more than 50 years
CNN  -- Six members of Pakistan 's paramilitary forces accused of killing an unarmed teenager last week have been turned over to police and will be tried under the country 's terrorism act , a police official said Monday . The Supreme Court has sent the case to an anti-terrorist court , which was ordered to conclude proceedings within a month , said Ahtisham Ali , a senior Karachi police official . Anti-Terrorist Courts in Pakistan are special courts where hearings are expedited and decisions come more quickly than in the regular court system . The accused -- members of the Sindh Rangers -- can be seen opening fire on 17-year-old Sarfraz Shah in a chilling video captured by a local television cameraman and broadcast across Pakistan 's networks last week . Before being shot twice , Shah pleads with the men carrying automatic rifles . "  I am helpless , " he cries . "  Please do not fire . " Shah begs to be taken to a hospital before bleeding to death . The incident was the latest in a series of human rights incidents that has horrified the south Asian nation and deeply eroded public confidence in security agencies . "  This kind of anger among the public and even politicians has n't been seen before , " said Zohra Yusuf , chairwoman of the Pakistan Human Rights Commission . "  It was the way the young man was brutally shot dead in close quarters , " she said . "  And the footage showed very clearly that he was not armed . The footage itself is so crystal clear . It tells the whole story . " Shah tried to rob people at a park named in honor of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Karachi police official Rafiq Gulsaid Shah pointed a pistol and wanted to steal cash and cell phones . He was handed over to park security and then to the Rangers . Shah apparently tried to snatch the Rangers ' guns , Gul said . That 's when the soldiers opened fire . The video shows Shah reaching for their weapons before backing away . Pakistan 's Supreme Court ordered Friday transfers for the heads of the Sindh Rangers and the provincial police force , according to Ikram Chaudhry , a senior Supreme Court lawyer . Interior Minister Rehman Malik vowed justice but tempered his comments about Shah . "  There should be no doubt that this video shows an unjust action , " he said . "  Action will be taken against the soldiers , but no one should forget he -LSB- the victim -RSB- is a criminal . He pointed a pistol at two women and then he tried to rob them . "  There are two things -- one , his criminal record , and another , an unjust killing , " Malik said . "  I assure the relatives of the victim the investigation will be transparent and neutral and the results will be made public . These are the criminals that create problems for the public , but it does not justify killing like this . " Shah 's family insisted that the Rangers had killed an innocent man . "  My son was innocent , " his mother said . "  They killed him . " CNN 's Phil Black and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	A 17-year-old man is shot in video that horrified the nation when it was broadcast Sarfraz Shah begs for his life on the video A human rights activist says Sindh Rangers security forces were trigger-happy Police say the victim was a thief who threatened people with a gun
Washington  CNN  -- A top-secret court has renewed the authority of U.S. national security officials to collect telephone data as part of an anti-terror surveillance program that was exposed by intelligence leaker Edward Snowden . In an unprecedented disclosure , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said it had decided to declassify and announce the program renewal , which occurs periodically but is never publicized . Snowden leaked classified information about the National Security Agency program to media outlets last month and then fled the country . He has been charged with espionage and remains in diplomatic limbo at the Moscow airport after seeking temporary asylum . His detailing of the surveillance effort that required communications giant Verizon to turn over caller information triggered outrage from civil libertarians , certain members of Congress and privacy groups concerned with the sweeping nature of the telephone snooping and a companion effort that monitors e-mails . Silicon Valley to feds : Disclose your data requests Officials have said metadata on overseas-related communications does not include content but provides information about numbers dialed and received as well as length , date and time of calls . President Barack Obama says the government is not listening in on calls , and other officials have said said the massive collection program has helped to detect terror plots . The national intelligence office did not say when the periodic renewal order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court was handed down , but NSA legal authority under the Patriot Act to collect telephone metadata surveillance was due to expire on Friday . The new transparency appears to be an effort by the Obama administration to be more forthcoming about the program , the administration of which was sharply criticized this week by members of the House Judiciary Committee . Opinion : Your biggest secrets are up for grabs One influential Republican member of the panel , troubled by the sweeping nature of how the telephone surveillance had been carried out , questioned whether Congress would act when the surveillance program comes up for renewal in 2015 . Following the Snowden leaks , certain information about telephone collection was declassified "  in order to provide the public with a more thorough and balanced understanding of the program , " a statement from the national intelligence office said . Privacy ? Forget it , we 're all celebrities online now "  Consistent with his prior declassification decision and in light of the significant and continuing public interest " in the matter , the office decided to declassify and disclose publicly that it had filed an application to renew telephone metadata collection "  in bulk " and that the court "  renewed that authority . " "  The administration is undertaking a careful and thorough review of whether and to what extent additional information or documents pertaining to this program may be declassified , consistent with the protection of national security , " the statement said . Although Verizon was singled out in the Snowden leak on telephone surveillance , it is believed that the government obtains similar orders for other telecommunications providers . All must be periodically renewed by the FISA court . No communications companies were mentioned in the intelligence office statement on Friday .	Disclosure unprecedented as intelligence officials seek to be more transparent National security court has periodically renewed collection of telephone data Edward Snowden leaks revealed extent of telephone data and e-mail surveillance Some members of Congress troubled by program , seek changes from Justice Dept. , NSA
CNN  -- A missing Virginia girl and her alleged abductor were panhandling outside a San Francisco supermarket when someone nearby spotted them on Friday and alerted law enforcement , police said . Brittany Mae Smith , 12 -- for whom police have been searching since Monday -- was found Friday afternoon , as was 32-year-old Jeffrey Scott Easley . Easley is a "  very good suspect " in the murder of Tina Smith -- his girlfriend and Brittany 's mother -- who was found dead at her Salem , Virginia , home last Monday , Roanoke County , Virginia , Police Chief Ray Lavinder said Saturday . Easley and Brittany Smith left Virginia early last Saturday or late on Friday , December 3 -- the same day that the girl 's mother was killed , according to Lavinder . A surveillance video from December 3 shows the pair shopping for a blue domed tent at a Walmart in Salem , Virginia . A similar tent was found within walking distance of the Safeway store in northern California , where a witness saw Easley and Brittany Smith on Friday . The tipster recognized the pair after watching broadcast report 's about the case on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Lavinder said Saturday that he believes the girl and her alleged abductor were asking for money and holding up a cardboard sign when they were spotted . Police were called , and the two were found shortly thereafter outside the store , more than 2,300 miles from where the girl was reported missing four days earlier , Lavinder said Friday . Police in San Francisco contacted their counterparts in Virginia with the news . San Francisco Police Officer Albie Esparza said Brittany was turned over to California 's Child Protective Services division after she was found . She has no visible injuries , has been in touch with family members and should return soon to Virginia , according to Lavinder . Easley did not resist arrest , he added . "  It 's a fantastic sense of relief , and I know in my heart that it 's due to information that you folks put out , " Lavinder said Friday , thanking the media . "  It 's a party atmosphere , believe me . " Authorities found Easley 's car relatively early in the manhunt . Lavinder said Saturday that authorities had located a silver 2005 Dodge Neon four-door sedan with Virginia tags that belonged to Tina Smith in a parking lot adjacent to San Francisco International Airport . He said he believed the two had driven across country together , but he did not know when they arrived in California . Police issued an Amber Alert for Brittany on Monday after finding the body of Tina Smith , 41 , after her co-workers called to express concern that she had n't shown up for work . Authorities in Florida and Alabama followed suit in subsequent days and notices went out to law enforcement nationwide . Until Friday , Lavinder said the last known sighting of Easley and Brittany Smith was in December in the Salem , Virginia , Walmart . The chief said Saturday that four Roanoke County detectives were heading to San Francisco , to help bring back Brittany Smith and to deal with Easley . Lavinder said he hoped "  to get information back from them in the next 24 hours , " though the earliest Easley could be extradited to Virginia is Monday , when California courts are back in session . He could head east relatively soon if he waived extradition , or the process could be delayed for weeks if he contested the return . Prior to his arrest , Easley was wanted for credit card theft , credit card fraud and abduction . Lavinder said that , "  we are concentrating most of our efforts ... on the homicide investigation . " The chief has said Easley met Tina Smith online this summer , then moved into the family home in October . Authorities said they do not know if the girl went willingly with Easley . Back east , the girl 's great aunt told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Friday night that Brittany already had talked to her father , and that there was widespread relief and joy from Salem to South Boston , Virginia , where many relatives live . "  Everybody here is just elated , " said Lois Choquette , who is the late Tina Smith 's aunt . "  It 's been a terrible thing , but we are just so thankful . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The alleged abductor of a Virginia girl is a suspect in her mother 's murder NEW : The girl and suspect were soliciting money outside a California store Friday NEW : They started driving west shortly after the girl 's mother was killed in Virginia The 12-year-old Virginia girl is "  safe " and the suspected abductor is in custody
CNN  -- A man was fatally wounded when his 4-year-old son fired a gun he found while they were visiting a residence in Prescott Valley , Arizona , officials said . Justin Stanfield Thomas , 35 , and his son made an unannounced trip Friday to the home of an unidentified former roommate , police said . Thomas had previously lived in the residence , according to investigators . "  This appears to be an accident . There was no conflict in the stories of those in the house , " said Prescott Valley Police Sgt. Brandon Bonney . "  The resident did n't know his former roommate was stopping by to visit . " Moments after arriving at the home , the boy picked up the small-caliber handgun and asked his father and other adults in the room what it was he was holding , said Bonney . When and how do parents educate children about guns ? Seconds later he pulled the trigger . Officers and emergency crews arrived and found Thomas , of Phoenix , with a single gunshot wound to the chest . He was transported to a local hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Kids and guns : ` These are not isolated tragedies ' Acknowledging it appears to have been a tragic accident , Bonney cautioned gun owners "  We want to remind people without making a villain of this person , that if a child is visiting your home , the first thing to do would be put the firearm away . " No charges were anticipated because the incident was an accident , Bonney told CNN . 5-year-old Kentucky boy fatally shoots 2-year-old sister	Father , boy were visiting Prescott Valley , Arizona Former roommate did not know they were coming Boy , 4 , picked up handgun , opened fire Dad is fatally wounded in accident
CNN  -- Criminals who file fraudulent tax returns by stealing people 's identities could rake in an estimated $ 26 billion over the next five years because the IRS can not keep up with the amount of the fraud , Treasury Inspector General J. Russell George said Tuesday . "  Our analysis found that , although the IRS detects and prevents a large number of fraudulent refunds based on false income documents , there is much fraud that it does not detect , " said George 's prepared testimony before a joint hearing of the House Ways and Means Subcommittees on Oversight and Social Security . George 's report is the first detailed analysis of the tax refund fraud problem , which could affect any legitimate taxpayer . His projection of $ 26 billion is larger than any other estimate of identity theft tax fraud . In a statement issued following George 's testimony , the IRS said it "  believes that the five-year estimate is far too high . " "  The estimate was based on 2010 figures , which took place before the IRS instituted major changes with the way it handles identity theft cases , " the IRS statement read . "  Our expanded screening on issues such as W-2 matching , Schedule C information , interest income and Social Security income have had a major impact on our ability to reduce identity theft fraud . " Those efforts , according to the IRS , have lead to "  stopping more refund fraud than ever before " and "  are not reflected in the five-year projection " by the Treasury inspector general . Last year , according to the Treasury Inspector General 's Office , the IRS reported that of the 2.2 million tax returns it found to be fraudulent , about 940,000 returns totaling $ 6.5 billion were related to identity theft . In its investigation , George said , auditors found another 1.5 million undetected tax returns with more than $ 5.2 billion in fraud . "  The primary characteristic of these cases is that the identity thief reports false income and withholding to generate a fraudulent tax return , " George said . "  Without the falsely reported income , many of the deductions and/or credits used to inflate the fraudulent tax refund could not be claimed on the tax return . The individuals whose identities were stolen may not even be aware that their identities were used to file a fraudulent tax return . " Making the problem worse , George said , the IRS is hampered by limited resources . "  Even with improved identification of these returns , the next step of verifying whether the returns are fraudulent will require resources , " he said . "  The IRS has faced budget cuts , a hiring freeze and staffing reductions during the same time it has encountered a significant surge in identity theft refund fraud . Without the necessary resources , it is unlikely that the IRS will be able to work the entire inventory of potentially fraudulent returns it identifies . The IRS will only select those tax returns that it can verify based on its resources . " The scope of the problem is illustrated by what George said his auditors found for tax year 2010 , in which 48,357 Social Security numbers were used multiple times as a primary taxpayer identification number . "  When the identity thief files the fraudulent tax return , the IRS does not yet know that the individual 's identity will be used more than once , " George said . "  As a result , the tax return is processed , and the fraudulent refund is issued . These instances result in the greatest burden to the legitimate taxpayer . " As of last month , the IRS reported that it had stopped the issuance of $ 1.3 billion in potentially fraudulent tax returns . The IRS says it determined these returns were potentially fraudulent through a sampling of returns , and it does not believe any legitimate returns were included . George said more should be done to ensure that fraudulent tax returns are not deposited into bank accounts . In addition , thieves commonly get the refunds put on debit cards . "  Direct deposits should not be made to debit cards issued by financial institutions and debit card administration companies that do not take sufficient steps to authenticate individuals ' identities , " George said . To make matters worse , the IRS is not effectively helping the victims of identity theft , George said , adding that it can take more than a year to resolve these cases . "  The IRS acknowledges that it does not know the exact number of identity theft incidents or the number of taxpayers affected by identity theft , " George said . "  It also has not been able to quantify the amount of improper payments resulting from identity theft . " In an investigation into tax refund fraud , CNN reported in March that criminals have purchased luxury cars , jewelry and plastic surgery with the money . First , thieves obtain Social Security numbers and other personal information from insiders at hospitals , doctor 's offices , car dealerships or anywhere the information is stored . Then , they file an online tax return using the real taxpayer 's name and a fictitious income . In most cases , the criminals buy a debit card so the IRS can issue the refund on that card , although some thieves have also gotten their returns on actual Treasury checks . The thieves know that the IRS does not verify the employer W-2s sent with the return until after the refund is issued . The IRS maintains it has certain filters in place at the start of the tax filing season to prevent and detect identity theft and fraud , and it says it has recently trained additional employees across the country to deal with the problem . It has also issued special personal identification numbers , or PINs , to identity theft victims when they are filing future returns . But in testimony before Congress last year , National Taxpayer Advocate Nina Olson said those filters "  inevitably block large numbers of proper refund claims " since there "  is no easy way to distinguish proper claims from improper ones . " In testimony prepared for Tuesday 's hearing , Deputy IRS Commissioner Steven Miller said the agency can not stop all identity theft . "  However , we have improved , and we are committed to continuing to improve our programs . We can and will continue to work to prevent the issuance of fraudulent refunds , and we can and will continue to work with innocent taxpayers to clear their accounts and/or get them money faster in a courteous and professional manner . " At the same time , Miller said , there is a "  delicate balance " in the "  need to make payments in a timely manner with the need to ensure that claims are proper and taxpayer rights are protected . " In the past four years , he said , the IRS has identified more than 490,000 taxpayers who are the victims of identity theft . "  Various new identity theft filters are in place to improve our ability to spot false returns before they are processed and before a refund is issued , " Miller said . The IRS has issued special identification numbers to taxpayers whose identities have been stolen and clamped down on abuses in filing returns under deceased taxpayers ' identities and prisoners . The agency also started a pilot program in April to help local law enforcement in obtaining tax return information related to ongoing criminal investigations . "  I can not tell you that we will beat this problem in one year , " Miller said . "  I can tell you that we have committed our talents and resources to prevent the issuance of fraudulent returns and have developed processes to minimize the pain felt by those who have been victimized . "	The Treasury 's estimate is the first detailed analysis of the ongoing problem With budget cuts , the IRS can not deal with the fraud , according to inspector general IRS says it stopped the issuance of $ 1.3 billion in potentially fraudulent tax returns
CNN  -- He 's a youth icon in Japan seeking to take the ancient art of kabuki theater into the modern age . Kabuki actor Ichikawa Ebizo Talk Asia gets unprecedented backstage access to Ichikawa as he prepares for a spectacular performance , discussing his life in the media glare and how he felt the pull of destiny in pursuing a career in kabuki . Born into one of the most prestigious kabuki dynasties , Ichikawa Ebizo began his career at the age of six and became a star with his mixture of athletic ability and enigmatic personal image . As the poster boy for a new generation of kabuki , Ichikawa does n't feel he has to play up the flashy image that is portrayed in the media . "  Today , I love kabuki , kabuki is my life and very important to me . I accept it as my destiny as well . So rather than me becoming a star or whatever , I am very conscious that I am a creature who must carry on my family 's DNA , " he told CNN . By taking kabuki overseas to a new audience , Ichikawa believes that as well as promoting the artform he is helping to reinvigorate interest back home in Japan . "  I asked myself whether doing my best in Japan is all that I can do for Kabuki . It is n't . Then , I came up with the idea of performing overseas . I thought it would be great if the Japanese could renew their interest in Kabuki if we performed successfully overseas , " he told CNN . "  However , when I performed under the name ` Ebizo Ichikawa ' at Chaillot Theater in Paris , I was inspired by how seriously the audience watched the art and reacted to my performance . I was moved and happy . I really felt that I wanted to perform again overseas . "	Ichikawa Ebizo was born into one a prestigious kabuki dynasty He began his career at the age of six and is now a youth icon Talk Asia goes backstage as Ichikawa prepares for a performance
Yuri Poznychenko has lived in the village of Stepanovka , close to Ukraine 's border with Russia , all his life . Poznychenko , 67 , was born a few years after the Red Army recaptured this land -- and the strategic hill of Saur Mogila nearby -- from Nazi forces . He is a stoic man , a farmer who knows endurance . But the events of the last few months reduce him to tears . On July 28 , amid battles between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists for the area , a sniper from the Ukrainian National Guard shot dead Poznychenko 's 36-year-old son as he tried to move his car to safety . "  They said they thought he was a separatist , " he says , wiping his eyes . "  They apologized later , and a soldier helped bury him . " The inadequacy of the gesture goes unsaid . In June , when we last came here , Stepanovka was a neat village set in rolling farmland . Its people were poor but they had work and enough to eat . Now , as bitter winds blow in from the east , much of the village is in ruins . A decapitated Ukrainian tank sits astride the one road , electricity wires dangle in the wind , and 20 or more properties have been reduced to ruins , including Poznychenko 's . He and his wife are the only members of their family left in Stepanovka . They have nowhere to go , no electricity and little food . Poznychenko says the Donetsk People 's Republic  DPR  , now in complete control of this area , has promised to restore power , but there is no sign of the extensive work that will be needed . And in a few weeks ' time , the temperature here will rarely stray above freezing . The wreckage of this year 's battles is strewn around Stepanovka and many other villages in eastern Ukraine . The copper of spent bullets gleams in the wintry sun , sandbags sag over deserted trenches , and the husks of tanks and other military vehicles slowly turn from green to rust . And everywhere homes are reduced to piles of charred bricks . A fireplace stands incongruously in empty space ; shattered windows creak on their hinges . Dogs left to fend for themselves wander through piles of garbage . The ceasefire agreed at the beginning of September only slowed the tempo of the fighting in eastern Ukraine , and sometimes barely that . Huge volumes of ordnance have been spent in a stalemate at Donetsk airport , long a target of the rebels , where the control tower has been hit so many times it should no longer be standing . Further east , around the important crossroads and rail junction at Debaltseve , some thirty Ukrainian volunteers from the capital peer into the freezing mist . They occupy a slim finger of Ukrainian-held land , surrounded on three sides . Some of the men have been here for two months . Every day they are attacked , they say , but so far they have held the position and have built themselves underground shelters against the biting cold . But they do n't have the resources or support to withstand a serious offensive . In the nearby town , a stream of laments : "  The young people have left ; we are on our own " ; "  The shelling is every day , by both sides . " And from one man shuffling past burned-out houses : "  I do n't care which flag flies here ; I just want peace . " Seventy-three-year-old Galina arrived in Debaltseve from her village when it came under fire , bringing only what she could carry . Looking down at her threadbare boots , she says she is so terrified of the shelling that she feels like her heart will jump from her body . She 's too scared to eat or sleep . Peace seems unlikely as the ceasefire frays and the rhetoric gets ever more hostile . Ukraine appears to be in the throes of a vicious divorce . Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says there will be no direct negotiations with the rebels , calling them Moscow 's mercenaries . President Petro Poroshenko has ordered the withdrawal of all state services in "  occupied " areas , which includes social welfare payments and state salaries for teachers and doctors . And Igor Plotnitsky , the self-declared Prime Minister of Luhansk -- the DPR 's sister republic -- has challenged Poroshenko to a duel "  following the example of ancient Slavic chieftains and glorious Cossack atamans . " While the chest-beating goes on , Donetsk 's neediest line up at the city 's former circus to be registered for food handouts by a volunteer organization . They stand under posters of trapeze artists and lions to collect a big bag of groceries , but can only come here every two weeks . Most of these people are elderly ; there are a few single mothers with anxious eyes and haggard faces . The food -- transported from beyond the DPR -- is provided by steel magnate Rinat Akhmetov , once the most powerful man in the Donbass but now in Kiev after falling out with the separatists and supporting Ukraine 's unity . Long queues snake through Donetsk bus station as people try to leave the city . Many are trying to register themselves in government-held areas so they can get pension payments , but must make the sometimes perilous return journey every few weeks . Most ca n't afford to live anywhere else . There are no banks left open in the city and no cash machines working . Districts like Kyivski have been shelled so heavily they are reminiscent of the battle for Grozny , the Chechen capital , in the mid-1990s . In the bomb shelters to which many people retreat at night , outbreaks of skin diseases are reported among the children . The Donetsk People 's Republic is promising its own system of payments to people here but is woefully short of the administrative skills needed to run a region nearly the size of Connecticut . It does however have its own souvenir mugs , and has symbolically adopted a different time zone from Kiev . There is a genuine animosity among people in Donbass toward the government in Kiev . The National Guard is widely hated ; people accuse the army of random shelling . And the withdrawal of benefits and salaries on the cusp of winter has left many in despair . At the same time , people grumble about the inability of the DPR to help them , and lament its lack of basic organization . Some small protests have taken place in towns like Torez , close to where the Malaysian airliner was shot down in July . While Ukraine 's divorce gets ever uglier , the ordinary people of the Donbass focus on survival , on a hand-to-mouth existence , without the means to escape the violence that has torn apart their lives for the last nine months . One of them , a fragile stooped woman who tells us she is 83 , stands outside the last working Ukrainian bank in Donetsk , as others hammer on its door . Today it too will remain shuttered . "  I have no money , " she says . "  I 'll probably die because I have nothing to eat . "	The battle between the government and separatists for eastern Ukraine is taking its toll on the area 's residents Ukraine 's President has cut off social services in "  occupied " areas , and many in Donetsk are starving There are no banks left open in the city ; residents in the city line up for food handouts driven in from beyond the city Donetsk 's residents resent Ukraine 's Kiev-based government , but deplore the rebels ' inability to help them
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel told Israel of Germany 's "  Holocaust shame , " and asserted its support for the Jewish state during an unprecedented speech to the Knesset on Tuesday . Germany and Israel are linked "  in a very special way " by the memory of the Holocaust , in which 6 million Jews were killed under Nazi Germany and its allies in World War II , she said in the first address a German chancellor has ever made to the Knesset . "  The Holocaust fills us with shame , " she said . "  I bow my head before the survivors and I bow my head before you in tribute to the fact that you were able to survive . " Anti-Semitism , racism and xenophobia "  must never take root again in Germany or in Europe , " she said , and vowed to battle any flare-ups . Speaking to the Knesset , Angela Merkel also spoke of Germany 's unwavering support for Israel calling the Iranian president 's nuclear ambitions "  a major danger " not only to Israel , but to the world as well . The German Chancellor called on him to prove that he does not want a nuclear bomb . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said his country 's nuclear program is intended for peaceful purposes only , but Merkel told the Israeli parliament that he needs to provide clear evidence supporting that assertion . "  It is not the world that has to prove that Iran is building a bomb , " she said . "  Rather , Iran has to prove to the world that it does not want the nuclear bomb . " Ahmadinejad has also said Israel should not exist as a sovereign nation , but Merkel said Israel 's right to exist is not open to negotiation . "  These are not just empty words , " she said , adding that Germany would support further sanctions on Iran if it fails to cooperate . "  What do we do when a majority says the greatest threat to the world comes from Israel and not from Iran ? " she asked . "  Do we bow our heads ? Do we give up our efforts to combat the Iranian threat ? However inconvenient and uncomfortable the alternative is , we do not do that . " "  If we were to do that , then we would not have understood our historical responsibility , nor would we be able to properly develop a way to deal with the challenges of our day , and both options would be lethal . " Watch German Chancellor Angela Merkel address the Knesset " Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict , discussed last November by the key parties in Annapolis , Maryland . It calls for Israelis and Palestinians to live side by side in separate states . She called rocket attacks by Palestinians into Israel "  a crime , " and said they do nothing to solve the conflict . But she noted that effecting a two-state solution would require "  strength to make painful compromises . " E-mail to a friend	German Chancellor has told the Knesset of Germany 's "  Holocaust shame " Angela Merkel became first German chancellor to address Israeli parliament She called on Iran to prove it did not want the bomb Merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the Mideast conflict
CNN  -- "  7th Heaven " star Stephen Collins has admitted to inappropriate sexual contact with three female minors , People reports . The actor released a statement to the publication in light of child molestation accusations that arose in the midst of his divorce proceedings . Collins was the subject of reports in October after his wife , Faye Grant , said he admitted to her he molested three underage girls . TMZ posted an audio recording that was alleged to have been made during a November 2012 therapy session involving Collins and his wife during which he made incriminating statements . Stephen Collins ' estranged wife says there 's no extortion attempt The incidents reportedly happened between 1973 and 1994 . In the statement he released to People , Collins said "  I have not had an impulse to act out in any such way " in the past 20 years . "  Forty years ago , I did something terribly wrong that I deeply regret , " he says in the statement . "  I have been working to atone for it ever since . I 've decided to address these issues publicly because two months ago , various news organizations published a recording made by my then-wife , Faye Grant , during a confidential marriage therapy session in January , 2012 . This session was recorded without the therapist 's or my knowledge or consent . " Collins was known for his clean-cut image in Hollywood and played a pastor and beloved father on the hit show "  7th Heaven . " He 's avoided the limelight since the accusations were made public . Who is Stephen Collins ? Now Collins is speaking out . "  On the recording , I described events that took place 20 , 32 , and 40 years ago , " Collins says in his statement . "  The publication of the recording has resulted in assumptions and innuendos about what I did that go far beyond what actually occurred . As difficult as this is , I want people to know the truth . " Collins said he has struggled over whether to apologize directly to the women who were involved . "  I did have an opportunity to do so with one of the women , 15 years later , " he says . "  I apologized and she was extraordinarily gracious . But after I learned in the course of my treatment that my being direct about such matters could actually make things worse for them by opening old wounds , I have not approached the other two women , one of whom is now in her 50s and the other in her 30s . " In addition to the lengthy statement that People will publish in its issue Friday , the 67-year-old actor is scheduled for an interview with Yahoo Global news anchor Katie Couric that will be streamed on that site and aired on ABC 's "  20/20 . " Collins and Grant are still in the midst of their divorce proceedings .	Stephen Collins releases a statement to People about sexual contact with minors He says he 's been working to atone for what he did The actor also will be interviewed by Katie Couric
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday brushed off widespread criticism that the December 4 parliamentary elections in Russia were falsified . He said their results "  reflect the actual line-up of forces in the country , as well as the fact that the ruling force -- the United Russia party -- has lost certain positions . " In his traditional year-end question-and-answer program , televised live by state media , he said there is nothing new in the fact that the opposition is not happy with the election outcome . "  That happens every time and will be happening in the future . The opposition always struggles and takes every opportunity to sideline the authorities , to blame them and to highlight their mistakes . It is a totally normal thing . " Speaking of large-scale protests that took place last Saturday in Moscow and many other cities across the country , Putin said he is glad that many young and active people were participating in them . "  If this is the result of ` Putin 's regime ' that people now have a chance to express their point of view , it is normal , " he said , "  as long as all those actions are within the law . " He said there were established procedures in place for resolving disputes , including through the courts . "  We should proceed from the assumption that our courts will act fast and be objective , " he said . Putin suggested the opposition 's criticism of the vote has a far-reaching goal -- that of aiming to undermine confidence in the upcoming presidential election in which he is running . "  It is obvious to me that the attacks on the latest election are secondary ; their primary goal is the next election , the Russian presidential election , " Putin said . "  It is necessary to minimize the possibility of claims that this or future elections may be unfair in order to cut the ground under the feet of those wishing to de-legitimatize the national authorities . " The Russian opposition is not alone in voicing concern over the conduct of the election , however . The Organization for Security and Cooperation said in a preliminary report that some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " Its election-observer mission detailed alleged attempts to stuff ballot boxes , manipulate voter lists and harass election monitors . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also said the United States had "  serious concerns " about the election and called for a "  full investigation " of apparent irregularities . Looking ahead , Putin said the opposition must have the opportunity to control everything that is going on at polling stations , and he proposed that live web cameras be installed at all voting stations across the country in the presidential elections next March . "  I am proposing to the Central Electoral Commission to install live web cameras at every polling station across the country -- at more than 90,000 of them -- and let those cameras work round-the-clock , day and night , to take in on to the Internet so that the entire country could see what is going on at every polling box -- to completely remove all concerns about falsifications , " the prime minister said . Tens of thousands turned out Saturday to protest against election results that returned Putin 's United Russia party to power but with a smaller majority . Police estimated crowds in Moscow at 25,000 , while organizers said the total was 40,000 , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Either figure would make the protests the largest in the Russian capital in 20 years . Claiming the results of parliamentary elections were rigged , protesters chanted "  Putin out . " They also braved freezing temperatures in other Russian cities to demonstrate against what they said was vote fraud . Another protest is scheduled for December 24 -- three days after the new parliament is due to hold its first session , under a decree signed Tuesday . Putin said that such public protests and discontent should not undermine Russia 's political system . "  We have qualitatively new tasks for the medium-term and longer , strategic prospect . We will need to re-configure society , strengthen the political system and broaden the foundation of democratic institutions . Naturally , we need to modernize every sphere of life , " he said . Putin promised that if he is elected president , he will work and maintain contact with all political forces in the country , including the opposition , "  although it 's often useless or impossible . "	Vladimir Putin says critics are trying to undermine upcoming presidential elections The prime minister speaks at his traditional year-end question-and-answer program Putin says recent protests in Russia show that people are free to express their views
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Halle Berry and husband , Olivier Martinez , welcomed the birth of their first son Saturday . A representative for Berry would not share any other details about the boy -- Berry 's second child -- including where he was born or his name . The Oscar-winner has a 5-year-old daughter with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry . Berry , 47 , married Martinez , 47 , in a private ceremony in France in July . It is the third marriage for the Berry , who revealed in April that she was expecting a baby with the French actor . Berry and Martinez began their relationship last year after meeting on the set of the film "  Dark Tide . " Martinez was by her side through the last months of her bitter custody battle with Aubry , the Canadian model who fathered daughter Nahla . They reached "  an amicable agreement " over custody in November , a week after a Thanksgiving Day fistfight in Berry 's Hollywood driveway between Martinez and Aubry . Berry was previously married to former pro baseball player David Justice -- from 1993 until 1996 -- and singer Eric Benet -- from 2001 to 2004 . "  This has been the biggest surprise of my life , to tell you the truth , " Berry told CNN when discussing her pregnancy in April . "  I thought I was kind of past the point where this could be a reality for me . So it 's been a big surprise and the most wonderful . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Berry 's rep gave few details about the new son The actress married the boy 's father in July Berry revealed in April that she was expecting a baby with the French actor The Oscar-winner has a 5-year-old daughter with ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry
The swine flu , also known as the H1N1 virus , is all over the news . A string of cases have been reported across the United States , as well as across the globe , with Mexico the hardest hit country , so far . Older kids , who may be scared but hide it , should be reassured that parents and health officials are on top of it . It 's easy to freak out amid these disturbing reports , but the truth is you 're probably doing everything you need to do to protect your family . "  Parents should be aware of what public health officials are saying , and then just be extra vigilant about the precautions they 'd normally take to prevent the spread of germs , " says Joseph Bocchini , M.D. , chair of the American Academy of Pediatrics committee on infectious diseases and pediatrics chair of the Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center in Shreveport . No. 1 on the list : washing hands more frequently . So take a deep breath , put down the surgical mask , and read on for all information you need to know . Parenting.com : Cold and flu old wives ' tales Signs and symptoms Indicators of swine flu are not unlike those for regular old run-of-the-mill flu . What makes this virus different from typical flu is that more serious complications , such as pneumonia , might occur more often . Also , says Bocchini , this is a new strain of flu , and no one in the population would be expected to be immune . One of the biggest concerns for officials is simply that a lot of people could get sick at the same time . Take heart in knowing that our government health officials are doing everything they can to make sure the country 's prepared . In the mean time , your job is to know how to spot the signs . If you or your child are experiencing any of the following , call your doctor . He or she may want you to come in and be tested . Parenting.com : Interactive symptom checker • fever  above 100.4 for babies 3 months and younger , and 101.1 for everyone else  , plus • cough • sore throat • intense body aches • headache • chills • fatigue Some people have reported diarrhea and vomiting , too . Pregnant women are at extra risk for complications even with regular flu , according to Bocchini , and small children have a higher rate of hospitalization . Both expectant women and moms of kids under 2 should be extra careful about taking action quickly . Parenting.com : How to keep nosy , germy strangers away from your baby When to head to the ER If your child demonstrates any of the following symptoms , it 's time to seek emergency care : • Fast or troubled breathing • Bluish skin color • Refusal to drink fluids • Difficulty waking up and/or interacting • Being so irritable that the child does not want to be held * Flu-like symptoms improve but then return with fever and worse cough • Fever with a rash , especially one that does not blanch In adults , the following symptoms deserve an ER trip as well : • Difficulty breathing or shortness of breath • Pain or pressure in the chest • Abdominal pain • Sudden dizziness • Confusion • Severe or persistent vomiting How to talk to your kids about It As always , you 'll want to explain to kids that germs can make us sick , and that 's why it 's important to wash your hands . You can say , "  Soap and water rinse away the little buggers so they ca n't make us feel bad . " If they 've caught wind of swine flu in particular , it 's important to project an image of calm  even if you 're internally flipping out  and make them feel safe . Small kids should be soothed with a simple explanation that there are different kinds of flu , and we should just keep up with washing up . Older kids , who may be scared but hide it , can be given a few more details but should still be reassured that their parents and our health officials are on top of it . Easing symptoms and treatment If you come down with the flu , swine or otherwise , there are a few things you can do to keep yourself comfortable . • If you or your child feel at all flu-ish , skip work and school . Stay home until you feel completely well . • Try to stay in a separate area of the house to limit the risk of passing the virus . • Rest up -- consider it your free pass to catch up on your DVR list . • Push clear fluids , such as water and soup . • Ease body aches with acetaminophen , ibuprofen , or naproxen . If your child is under 2 , check with your doctor before giving them medication . • Using a humidifier can ease a stuffy nose . Saline drops followed by suctioning with a nasal syringe can bring additional relief to small children . • There is treatment for swine flu . Antiviral medications like Tamiflu and Relenza can lessen your symptoms make you feel better faster and prevent swine flu-related complications if taken early on . Consult your doctor about a prescription . Is there a cure ? There 's not a cure , but a vaccine is being developed , according to the FDA . If you already got a flu shot , it probably wo n't protect you from this strain , but it 's a good idea to still get one annually . Prevention 101 You probably already know all about how to prevent the spread of germs , but in an outbreak like this , it ca n't hurt to be a little more vigilant . Here 's a rundown of easy things you can do , starting today . Parenting.com : Ask Dr. Sears : Immune system boosters At home : • This one 's a no-brainer but bears repeating : wash your hands frequently , and make sure your kids do the same . It 's a good idea to get into the habit of doing it as soon as you walk in the door , before meals and food prep , post-potty and after touching pets . • Take a moment to clean germ hot spots , like tables , doorknobs , desks and kitchen counters , with a disinfectant . Look for products that contain bleach or alcohol . • Keep your family 's immune system strong with regular sleep , and lots of fruits and veggies . If you know anyone who 's been sick , stay away for now . Out and about : • Try to keep up the frequent hand-washing , especially after trips to the playground . • If you do n't have a sink handy , use an alcohol-based sanitizer gel or wipe . Look for ones that contain at least 60 % alcohol . • Try to avoid crowded areas . • Wash your hands or use sanitizer after handling money . • Use your own pen when signing credit card slips . Everywhere : • Cover your mouth with your elbow when you cough or sneeze , and remind your kiddos to do the same . • Throw your used tissue in the trash instead of stuffing it in your pocket . • Try to avoid touching your eyes , nose and mouth , which give germs a fast track to infection . • Remind kids not to share cups , utensils and plates with friends . Getting kids to wash their hands Yes , you know they should wash those dirty mitts often , but what you really need to know is how to get them to do it sans whining . We 've got some tips and tricks for making washing up fun : • To get them to soap up for the required 20 seconds  or more  , belt out "  Happy Birthday " twice . Everyone sounds better in the bathroom anyway , right ? • Fill the sink with water , and let them go to town with foam soaps and bath toys .  Ignore the water on the floor .  Parenting.com : Germ-fighting tips for parents • Lather up , Mom ! Be a good example for your kids , and encourage them to "  teach " their dolls to wash up , too . • Make sure they can reach the sink easily . If you do n't have one already , get a colorful stool to give them a boost . • Keep their fingernails clipped -- less real estate for germs ! Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	What parents should tell children about swine flu , also known as the H1N1 virus Explain to kids that germs can make us sick , so it 's important to wash hands Project an image of calm to make them feel safe . Tailor explanation to age Take common flu-season precautions
CNN  -- Reality TV star Tila Tequila first came to fame via social networking , thanks to her popularity on MySpace . Tila Tequila went quiet on Twitter after an alleged violent incident with an NFL player . Later , she became known as one of the most voracious celebrity tweeters , boasting more than 243,000 followers on Twitter . But it was a more archaic form of technology -- a phone call to police -- that briefly quieted her social media activities and thrust the petite personality into the national spotlight after an allegedly violent encounter with an NFL player . Tequila , whose real name is Tila Nguyen , said she was assaulted by Shawne Merriman , a linebacker with the San Diego Chargers . He has denied the charges . Watch player 's lawyer react to allegations " According to a statement from the sheriff 's department of San Diego County , California , authorities responded to a disturbance call early Sunday from a woman who said she had been choked and restrained by a male . When police arrived , "  the reporting party identified herself as Tila Nguyen , aka Tila Tequila , and her alleged assailant as Shawne Merriman , " the statement said . Nguyen , who starred in MTV 's "  A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila " and its follow-up , "  A Shot at Love 2 With Tila Tequila , " signed a citizen 's arrest at the scene and was transported to a local hospital , authorities said . Merriman was taken into custody on suspicion of battery and false imprisonment , the sheriff 's department statement said . Merriman 's attorney , Todd Macaluso , told reporters that Nguyen was "  extremely intoxicated and inebriated " at the time of the incident and that the player tried to make arrangements for her to leave the house . After hours of Twitter silence , Nguyen tweeted Sunday evening that she was safe at home in Los Angeles and thanked fans for their concern and support . She also appeared to deny Merriman and his attorney 's claim by tweeting , "  I am allergic to alcohol . It has been publicly known for years . That is how I got the name Tila ` Tequila ' cuz the irony . I ca n't drink . " For a few hours on Monday the privacy setting on her Twitter page , @officialTila , was turned on to protect her tweets from being viewed by outsiders . Ian Corbin , founder of CelebrityTweet , said Nguyen is one of the top celebrity tweeters , often posting more than 100 tweets a day . Her abundance of followers has earned her a ranking of "  hot , " said Corbin , whose site gathers the tweets of about 250 celebrities . Nguyen went quiet before , he said , when there were rumors that she was pregnant by a hip-hop artist . Corbin said he is not surprised that her tweeting has decreased in light of the incident . "  She probably has a legal team telling her not to say much , " he said . Ardent Tequila fans on Twitter are known as members of the "  TilaArmy , " and many rallied online after learning of the incident . " @officialTila you know your #TilaArmy is here 4 your support no matter what !!!! , " tweeted user BeToRC . Sasha Pasulka , head writer of the entertainment Web site Evil Beet , said Nguyen may have fallen into the trap that many face in their pursuit of celebrity : not being able to shield their personal lives . "  The fame does n't stop just because something bad happens to you and you want some space , " Pasulka said . "  It 's the same thing you saw with Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan . " The high-profile nature of the domestic violence case involving singers Chris Brown and Rihanna has heightened public interest in such incidents , Pasulka added . In one of her postings , Nguyen offered a few hopeful words early Monday morning via Twitter : "  The truth will set you free . ... God is with me . "	Normally active tweeter Tila Tequila was briefly silent after alleged battery Tequila accused NFL star Shawne Merriman of choking her She has more than 240,000 Twitter followers and sometimes tweets 100 times a day Tequila tweeted she 's "  allergic to alcohol " after accusation of being drunk
CNN  -- Somalia 's main militant group has banned the United Nations food agency and ordered its aid workers to leave the impoverished country . Al-Shabaab released a statement to the media Sunday , accusing the World Food Programme of distributing expired food and undermining local farmers , said Peter Smerdon , a WFP spokesman . Smerdon declined to comment on the accusations , but said the agency is committed to the failed nation in the Horn of Africa . "  WFP is determined to help the people of Somalia in need of assistance , regardless of who controls the areas in which they live , as long as it is safe for our staff to do so , " Smerdon said . About half the population -- or nearly four million Somalis -- is starving , according to the United Nations . The food aid agency suspended work in southern Somalia in January , saying rising attacks and unacceptable demands from armed groups had made it impossible to work in the region . Smerdon declined to say whether the agency had resumed operations in the south . However , a statement on the WFP Web site says it continues to deliver food to other parts of the country , including the volatile capital , Mogadishu . Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda proxy in the country , controls much of southern Somalia . It has accused the food aid agency of having a political motive and supporting the U.N.-backed transitional government . WFP has denied the allegations and said it is impartial and nonpolitical . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country .	Al-Shabaab accuses World Food Programme of distributing expired food U.N. estimates half the Somali population is starving Its food aid agency suspended work in Somalia in January due to rising attacks Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991
During the past two decades , the Innocence Project and other advocates have been utilizing rapid advances in the scientific testing of genetic materials . DNA testing of evidence in criminal cases has resulted in freedom for hundreds of prisoners across the United States who were wrongfully convicted . Read more : Michael Morton freed after 25 years Many of these prisoners spent years behind bars -- some even faced the death penalty -- for crimes they did n't commit . Here are a few of the numbers behind these exonerations : -- Number of U.S. post-conviction DNA exonerations : 311 -- Number of prisoners sentenced to death before DNA proved their innocence : 18 -- Number of prisoners charged with capital crimes but not sentenced to death : 16 -- Longest sentence served by a DNA exoneree : 35 years -- Average length of sentence served by DNA exonerees : 13.6 years -- Approximate total years served by all DNA exonerees : 4,156 -- Average age of exonerees at the time of their wrongful convictions : 27 -- Percentage of prisoners exonerated by DNA testing who are people of color : 70 % -- Percentage of DNA exoneration cases where the actual perpetrator has been identified by DNA testing : Almost 50 % -- Number of U.S. states  and Washington , D.C.  where exonerations have been won : 36 -- Number of DNA exonerees who pleaded guilty to crimes they did n't commit : 29 -- Number of DNA exonerations that involved the Innocence Project : 171 -- Year of the first Innocence Project DNA exoneration : 1989 Note : Other exonerations were helped by Innocence Network organizations , private attorneys and by pro se defendants , according to the Innocence Project . Source : InnocenceProject.org	Hundreds of convicted U.S. prisoners have been freed after DNA testing cleared their names Some of these prisoners faced the death penalty before they were exonerated Advances in testing of genetic material have opened door to further examination of cases
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Children in war-ravaged Afghanistan are safer than those growing up in London or New York , NATO 's top civilian envoy says . Mark Sedwill , the senior civilian representative for NATO , made the comments on an episode of CBBC 's "  Newsround , " which is airing Monday . In the show -- a BBC current-affairs program for children -- several youngsters in Kabul , Afghanistan , say they are afraid of daily violence and the frequent explosions in their war-torn country . In response , Sedwill says : "  Here in Kabul , and other big cities actually , there are very few of these bombs . The children are probably safer here than they would be in London , New York or Glasgow or many other cities . "  Most children can go about their lives in safety . It 's a very family-oriented society . So it is a little bit like a city of villages , " he added . A U.N. report released earlier this year seems to contradict Sedwill 's assessment . The February report , by the special representative for children and armed conflict , says that children in Afghanistan are increasingly the victims of roadside attacks , crossfire between militants and international forces , and air strikes . In addition , they have been used as human shields and recruited as suicide bombers . The report also said boys are sexually abused and exploited by armed groups and girls schools have been burned down . Earlier this year , there was a rash of poisonings involving schoolgirls , and several instances of acid attacks have been reported . On Monday , Sedwill elaborated on what he meant in his remark . "  Any comment you have to clarify obviously was n't very well put and the comparison I made with western cities distracted attention from the important point I was seeking to make , " he said . "  I was trying to explain to an audience of British children how uneven violence is across Afghanistan . Half the insurgent violence takes place in 10 of the 365 districts , and , in those places , children are too often the victims of IEDs and other dangers . But , in cities like Kabul where security has improved , the total levels of violence , including criminal violence , are comparable to those which many western children would experience . "  For most Afghans , the biggest challenges are from poverty -- the absence of clean water , open sewers , malnutrition , disease -- and many more children are at risk from those problems than from the insurgency . "	NEW : Remark took away from point he was trying to make , Sedwill says Despite Afghan children 's fears , there are few bombs in Kabul , the envoy says He makes his comments on a BBC current-affairs program for children "  Most children can go about their lives in safety " in Kabul , he says
CNN  The city of Portland is losing one of its most beloved institutions : its airport carpet . But the carpet is going out in sentimental style , with a wave of commemorative T-shirts , beer and now even a new edition of hoop shoes bearing the iconic design . The latest entrant : Adidas with an addition to Trail Blazers ' star Damien Lillard 's line of sneakers made to resemble the iconic floor covering . The shoe is the result of "  a really quick-turn creation process " to jump on the ever-hottening trend , according to Adidas U.S. public relations director Michael Ehrlich . Portland is home to the German shoe company 's North American headquarters . "  Something special for my PDX fans , " Lillard tweeted Wednesday . The abstract teal design has become a symbol of home for Portlanders over the last 27 years , welcoming an estimated 300 million people to the city . And after all those feet , it 's showing its age . The 2013 decision to replace the carpet with a new design sparked an outpouring of affection -- and not a small amount of capitalism -- from the Portland crowd . The Portland Timbers soccer team and the NBA 's Portland Trail Blazers have commemorated the PDX carpet , as it 's known by locals , by selling limited-edition T-shirts of the pattern in the team colors . A handful of true fanatics have even had the design permanently etched onto their skin . "  It is definitely an endearing statement of how much  Portlanders  like the pattern , " says Kama Simonds , a communications officer for the Port of Portland . Jeremy Dunn , who sells socks with the PDX pattern through his online store , The Athletic Community , says the item has been a best-seller from the start . "  My wife and I joke about it all the time , because when I made the initial order of 72 pair of socks she was , let 's just say , not that stoked about having that many pairs of teal socks lying around our apartment . But they sold out in the first hour that we posted them on our Instagram accounts , " he said . The impending demise of the carpet has also inspired a Facebook page , three Twitter accounts and an Instagram account -- all run independently by carpet groupies . Ceara Chewning , who manages the PDX Carpet Facebook page , notes that the carpet has a certain "  Je ne sais quoi . " "  It seems like in most places , the carpet is there to fade into the background , but this has such a bright , cheerful eye-grabbing pattern . It 's also a symbol of making it home , " explains Chewning . "  It 's also ugly , but in a really cute , endearing way , and Portland seems to love that . " Despite the rampant nostalgia for the old floor covering , Simonds says the carpet is overdue for a replacement : "  We 're starting to see more than general wear and tear . The seams are showing , and you 're seeing frayed edges . In some spots , it 's so threadbare , the underlying mat pokes through , " she says . "  It 's been on the floor for more than 20 years . Someone did a calculation and figured about 300 million people have passed over it . " The new carpet design , created by Hennebery Eddy Architects , has n't quite received the same love  though it does at least have its own Twitter account  . "  I get that the old design is cool . It 's kind of quintessential 1980s , and it 's like an old friend we do n't want to leave behind , but it 's OK to have a new friend , too , " says Michelle Vo , principal at Hennebery Eddy . New airports for 2015 Best ways to kill time at the airport	Adidas is now releasing sneakers with the landmark carpet 's design Portland 's airport is ditching the design after 27 years It 's also inspired poetry , beer and other spinoffs
CNN  -- Iran should release seven Baha'i prisoners accused of espionage because it does not have any evidence against them , their lawyer Shirin Ebadi told CNN on Saturday . Attorneys Abdolfattah Soltani , left , and Shirin Ebadi , shown in Tehran in 2004 . "  In the files , in the case basically , there is nothing , no reason that basically convicts them , " said Ebadi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate . The trial will begin Tuesday despite the fact that one of their lawyers is behind bars and Ebadi is outside the country . Other attorneys can be appointed , Hassan Haddad of the Prosecutor 's Office in Tehran told the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . But the court must recognize the replacements , who are colleagues of Ebadi at her Tehran-based Defenders of Human Rights Center , not appoint other lawyers , Ebadi said . The imprisoned lawyer , Abdolfattah Soltani , is a well-known advocate with the human rights center . He was arrested in the aftermath of Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election and is being held at Evin prison , the same place where his clients are detained , according to the International Campaign for Human Rights . He is being held on charges of taking "  measures against national security , " Ebadi said . "  Mr. Soltani is completely innocent . " Soltani had an opportunity to leave prison , but under conditions he chose not to accept , Ebadi said . Along with not giving any interviews after his release , Soltani would also have to end his work with the human rights center and no longer support Ebadi , she said . In another attack on the law firm , a lawyer was arrested after agents entered the center with guns , searched each room and then declared that they found opium on the premises , Ebadi said . That lawyer , whose family had been harassed by police , accused the agents of planting the opium , she said . Ebadi was on a speaking tour when Soltani was arrested and has not returned to Iran . The firm founded by Ebadi took up the case of the seven Baha'is last year . They are accused of spying for Israel , spreading propaganda against the Islamic republic and committing religious offenses . The Baha'i International Community , which has a delegation to the United Nations , denies the allegations . The evidence against the defendants includes communication from Israel , but that is because the Baha'i World Center has its headquarters in Israel , said Kit Bigelow , director of external affairs at the American Baha'i Community . Prosecutors are calling that communication espionage , she said . Human rights groups have demanded the release of the prisoners and accused the government of targeting them because of their religious beliefs . The Baha'i faith originated in 19th-century Persia , and while modern-day Iran does not recognize it , the government denies any mistreatment of the members of the largest non-Muslim religious minority . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran has reported a rise in persecution of Baha'is in recent years , including cemetery desecration , arbitrary detention , home raids , property confiscation , work expulsion and denial of basic civil rights . The case of the seven Baha'is has drawn global attention . Roxana Saberi , the Iranian-American journalist freed from Evin prison earlier this year , spoke on their behalf , as have Human Rights Watch and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent bipartisan federal commission . The defendants face the death penalty if convicted . Six of the defendants were arrested in May 2008 at their Tehran homes , and one was arrested in the eastern city of Mashad in March 2008 , said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations . The defendants were held under solitary confinement for the first five months of their incarceration , she said . The investigation into the charges against the prisoners concluded months ago and the trial was initially scheduled to start in July . Iran has continued to hold them in Evin prison without access to their lawyers and with minimal contact with their families , Ala'i said . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Seven Baha'i prisoners accused of espionage to go on trial Tuesday in Iran Baha'is are accused of spying for Israel , spreading propaganda against Iran One of defendants ' attorneys is in jail ; another is outside the country Case of the seven Baha'is has drawn global attention
Kenyan security forces have killed 100 militants , an official said Sunday , one day after a deadly attack on a bus . Forces crossed into Somalia to launch two "  successful operations on the hideouts of the perpetrators , " said Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto . The camp where the attack was planned was destroyed , he said . On Saturday , Islamist militants ambushed a bus in Kenya and sprayed bullets on those who failed to recite Quran verses , killing at least 28 people , according to authorities . The bus , which had 60 people aboard , was heading from Mandera , near the border with Somalia and Ethiopia , to the capital of Nairobi . About 20 miles into its dawn journey , militants stopped it at a hilly area and stormed in , local police Cmdr. Noah Mwivanda told the Daily Nation newspaper . Militants demanded those onboard recite Quran verses . As others watched , they opened fire on passengers who failed to do so , he said . Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement , saying it was retaliation for mosque raids this week . It described those killed as Christians . Al-Shabaab , which has ties to al Qaeda , has launched a series of attacks in Kenya since its forces went into neighboring Somalia in 2011 to battle the extremists . This is one of the busiest travel seasons in the nation . Throngs make their way to relatives ' homes for the holidays , with buses and other public transportation packed this time of the year . Police : Islamists hijack bus in Kenya	Kenyan security forces crossed into Somalia and destroyed a camp , a Kenyan official says The move was in response to an attack Saturday that left at least 28 people dead Somali-based terror group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bus attack
CNN  -- "  My hands are tied . " Those are words that Howard Dean Bailey never wants to hear again . The last time he heard them : an immigration judge was ordering him out of the country . In June 2012 , just days shy of his 41st birthday , the Navy veteran was deported to Jamaica , a country he had n't lived in since he was 17 . "  It 's kind of stressful , " Bailey said in a phone interview , but then corrected himself . "  Not kind of -- very stressful . " Bailey is one of more than 23,000 permanent legal residents who were deported in 2012 . The number of veterans is unknown because the Department of Homeland Security says it does n't keep those records and neither do other government agencies . But the club is not an exclusive one . For instance , the group Banished Veterans , founded by a deported vet Hector Barajas , is in touch with veterans in 19 countries . He said he knows of six living in Jamaica from the Vietnam War , the Gulf War and the Iraq War . And he estimates that as many as 30,000 former service members have been deported since 1996 , while other groups put the total at several thousand . Although thousands of former service members and their families are believed to be impacted , the matter is virtually invisible even with immigration reform a hot-button issue in Washington and veterans concerns at large receiving attention as the nation steps away from 13 years of war . As President Barack Obama reviews related policies following heavy criticism for deporting more immigrants than any previous administration , immigration groups ask that greater discretion be given for those in the country legally -- and that military service be a priority , especially with tens of thousands of men and women leaving the post-war military and transitioning back into civilian life . Obama said he ca n't stop deportations , but maybe he can Served in Gulf War And that brings us back to the first time Bailey heard the words , "  My hands are tied . " After graduating from high school in New York , Bailey did a four-year stint as a communications specialist in the Navy , serving in the first Gulf War and traveling around the world -- to Egypt , Italy , Israel and Spain . He was one of thousands serving in the early 1990s who were n't U.S. citizens . Currently 30,000 non-citizens serve in the military , a small fraction of the total number of active duty forces . After being honorably discharged , Bailey ran into trouble . As he tells it , an acquaintance from the military asked him if he could mail a package to Bailey 's Virginia Beach house . When the package arrived , Bailey offered to meet his friend to hand it over . Before he got more than a mile , police surrounded his car , confiscated the box and told him it was filled with marijuana and that they had been tracking it . Bailey said he had no idea of the package 's contents . He never thought to ask what was being delivered . And he never saw his acquaintance again . "  I did n't want to call my mother , " Bailey said , recalling the incident and insisting that he 'd never been in trouble with the law . "  I 'm not doing drugs ; there 's no way I can go to jail . " Jail time Two years later , in 1997 , he was given a court date . His lawyer advised him to plead guilty to possession of marijuana with intent to distribute to avoid risk of losing his trial and receiving a harsher sentence . Despite having an otherwise spotless record , the sentencing judge told him that his guilty plea meant he had to sentence him to 10 years in prison under mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines . "  My hands are tied , " Bailey said the judge told him . Bailey 's advocates and the Homeland Security Department confirmed the main details of his case . He ended up serving a hair more than 15 months , but little did he know at the time that his sentence was long enough to trigger more problems down the road . After prison , he moved home to be with his wife and 1-year-old daughter . He started his own trucking company , bought a house , stayed out of trouble and thought things were going well . So in 2005 , he decided to upgrade his legal status and apply for citizenship . He told the immigration case worker that he had been charged with a felony . She said she would be back in touch . Five years later , they said they could n't find any record of his felony , so he provided them with the court disposition . In early 2010 , he was told the felony barred him from obtaining his citizenship . "  I was very disappointed , " Bailey said . Should Obama use the power of his pen to turn the tide on immigration reform ? Then it got worse . Five months later , in June 2010 , immigration enforcement officials showed up at his home , telling him that he was being detained because of his felony . "  If I never applied for citizenship it would have been OK , " Bailey said . Law made it easier In 1996 , Congress passed the Immigration and Nationality Act , a law that made it easier to deport people who were in the country legally . Legal permanent residents , like Bailey , can be deported if they commit a class of crimes only applicable to immigrants called "  aggravated felonies " or "  crimes of moral turpitude . " They are crimes that include murder and weapons trafficking but also drug possession and theft -- any crime that constitutes a sentence of one year or more . Rick Weidman , executive director for policy and government affairs for Vietnam Veterans of America said veterans facing deportation contact his organization for help . He said he draws a line at helping violent criminals but "  to deport an individual after they put their lives on the line , 98 percent of the American people have not done that . " While the Obama administration has deported more illegal immigrants than its predecessors , it began deporting fewer legal immigrants in 2010 , reaching a 10-year low in 2013 of 20,153 legal resident deportees , according to homeland security data . Nicole Navas , a spokeswoman with Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said she could n't "  speculate " on the reason why the deportation of legal residents have decreased . More discretion David Martin , former deputy general counsel of the Department of Homeland Security in 2009 and 2010 , suggested that immigration agents were given more discretion on which people to take into deportation proceedings . He pointed to a 2011 memo by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton that outlined what considerations to make when determining what legal residents to take into detention , including military service , community ties , family members who are citizens and cooperation with immigration enforcement -- all things that Bailey had going for him . "  ICE respects the service and sacrifice of those in military service , and is very deliberate in its review of cases involving veterans , " Navas said . "  ICE exercises prosecutorial discretion for members of the armed forces who have honorably served our country on a case-by-case basis when appropriate . " But the policy change came too late for Bailey . He had already been in custody for a year and while immigration agents now have some discretion , immigration judges still have none and can not take any of a person 's positive attributes into consideration before ordering deportation for people who have committed "  aggravated felonies " -- no matter how long ago the crime was committed . More susceptible Michael Wishnie , a Yale University law professor who represents veterans going through deportation proceedings , said veterans , especially those returning from war , can be even more susceptible to deportable offenses . "  Anecdotal evidence leads me to suspect that veterans have been deported more frequently and for less serious offenses , " Wishnie said , hearing about the first veteran sent through deportation proceedings in 1998 . As the two-year anniversary of his deportation approaches , Bailey 's sister said his deportation date is etched into her memory . "  June 1st . I will never forget it , " Janice Thomas said . "  It 's the same day I was coming back from my honeymoon in the Dominican Republic . " Bailey said he ca n't find work or even leave his house very often due to the societal stigma in Jamaica of being a deportee . He said his family in the United States has broken apart . His teen age son has gotten into trouble with the law and his teen age daughter is severely depressed . "  Sometimes it 's hard for me to talk to  my daughter  because all I want to do is cry , " he said . "  Everything just went downhill since I left them . " Still trying His sister and mother are working to bring Bailey back home . They have met with members of the Obama administration and with lawmakers , including Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia , who is interested in his case . Alisa Wellek with the Immigrant Defense Project , who is currently representing Bailey , said Obama should address the issue of tens of thousands of legal permanent residents being deported each year . "  The Obama administration has the power to exercise discretion and provide deportation relief in cases like Howard 's , and should do so without any further delay , " she said . "  This is worse than death in some ways , " Bailey said . "  It 's like being buried alive . " Rand Paul : GOP needs to ` get beyond deportation '	Navy veteran Howard Dean Bailey was deported in 2012 He is one of thoursands of vets who have been deported , according to advocates The Obama administration deported more than 20,000 legal permanent residents last year
CNN  -- "  Damn it , I knew I needed to get in touch with George when I 'd heard he was ill , that he had been admitted to the hospital for respiratory ailments . How did I let this happen ? " Those where my initial thoughts sitting on the tarmac at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport reading the texts and e-mails about George Jones 's death Friday morning . George was a friend , a country music legend , an influence to me and to countless other musicians . If you are n't able to fully hear and appreciate George Jones ' voice , you really ca n't fully appreciate country music . His voice opens up country music 's depth and power . You feel it or you do n't . It helps to have done some living and to have had your heart broken , like George did . And it really helps if you can hang around one of its greatest singers , which I was fortunate enough to do over the years . During a show at the Ryman Auditorium in the mid - '90s , I heard the great bluegrass singer Peter Rowan say that if you have a musical hero , you should do anything you can to be near that person . For him that meant driving Bill Monroe 's tour bus . For me , it meant hanging around Terry Eldredge , my hero when I moved to Nashville , and the lead singer of a band called "  The Sidemen , " which played Tuesdays at the Station Inn . Stars react to legend 's death Terry idolized George Jones . It was through him that i began to "  hear " George , not just listen to him . There is a big difference between listening and hearing . I had listened to George growing up with my dad , a big country fan . I had listened to him in high school again , when I discovered Hank Williams Jr. and found out Hank also loved George . But it was n't until I was in Nashville and hanging out with Terry that I finally heard George Jones . I finally got it . The tone and the ache of his voice clicked . I heard how every word George sang was first filtered through a broken heart . We became friends eventually . From time spent together backstage at the Grand Ole Opry , visits at the home of George and his wife , Nancy , dinner at his favorite O'Charley 's or Logan 's Roadhouse , I cherished every moment in his presence , getting to hear firsthand accounts of stories I had read , the jokes and the laughter , the love between him and Nancy . Having the opportunity to sing to George from the Opry stage for his 75th birthday in 2006 and to record in the studio together are unforgettable highlights of this crazy honky tonk dream . People will always say that "  He Stopped Loving Her Today " was George 's best song and perhaps the greatest country song of all time . I certainly would n't disagree . But do yourself a favor and dig a little deeper . One of those nights when you are feeling down or lonesome , instead of going to the usual modern day distractions , grab some whiskey and listen to "  A Picture of Me  Without You  , " "  The Cold Hard Truth , " "  A Good Year For The Roses , " or my favorite , "  The Door . " Put your heart in George 's hands and trust that he will take care of it . That is what great country music  at least my favorite kind  and great country singers do ; that is what country is all about : consoling the lonely , letting you know someone else has been there and has felt the way you do . It 's about walking you through the hard times . My dad was a member of this country 's greatest generation . He grew up in The Depression and fought in WWII . There are n't many left . George is a member of country music 's greatest generation . And there are only a handful of those men and women left . Go to their shows , talk to them if you can . Let them know how much you appreciate their music and if you are lucky enough , their friendship . Let them know the impact their singing or songwriting has had on your life . But do n't do it for their sake , do it for your own . So that when they are no longer with us , you might feel just a little less sad . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dierks Bentley .	Dierks Bentley : His friend and inspiration , country music legend George Jones has died He says listening to Jones means "  hearing " him ; his words filtered through a broken heart He says in Jones ' catalog you can hear what great country does : reaches out , consoles Bentley : Jones part of country 's "  greatest generation . " Thank them while you can
Paris  CNN  -- An investigation into the mysterious 2009 crash of Air France Flight 447 into the southern Atlantic Ocean will also include a probe into Air France-KLM , the airline 's attorney said Friday . A French magistrate already is investigating Airbus for involuntary manslaughter in connection with the crash , according to the airline manufacturer and a court spokeswoman . However , Fernand Garnault , the attorney for Air France-KLM , said he does n't know why the airline is part of the investigation . He said the magistrate is looking into a problem involving pitot tubes , which measure a plane 's air speed . Still , "  there is nothing new in this case and there is no proof that the pitot tubes caused the crash , " Garnault told CNN . Judge Sylvie Zimmerman is presiding over the inquiry into the Airbus-made plane , court spokeswoman Sylvie Polack told CNN on Thursday . The plane fell into the sea while traveling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , killing all 228 people aboard . Thomas Enders , CEO of Airbus , disagreed with the decision to commence the investigation . "  On behalf of Airbus , I have noted the absence of facts supporting this step and stated our strong disagreement , " Enders said in a written statement . "  Airbus maintains that the focus should be on finding the cause of this accident and making sure it can never happen again . Airbus will continue to support the investigation , including the continued search for the flight recorders , which is the only sure way to know the truth , " he said . Investigators have not yet established what caused the crash , and large parts of the plane -- including both flight recorders -- have never been found , despite an extensive search operation that included a French navy submarine . The plane went down in stormy weather , and most of the bodies were never recovered . Studies of the debris and bodies that were found led France 's air accident investigation agency , the BEA , to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the BEA revealed in a 2009 report . Automated messages sent from the plane in the minutes before the crash showed there were problems measuring air speed , the investigators said , though they said that alone was not enough to cause the disaster . The area where the plane went down is far out in the Atlantic -- two to four days by ship from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in West Africa . The rough underwater terrain includes mountains and valleys , the BEA said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed from Los Angeles .	NEW : Air France-KLM also being investigated Air France Flight 447 mysteriously crashed in the Atlantic Ocean in 2009 All 228 people aboard were killed Plane manufacturer Airbus is now being investigated by a French magistrate
CNN  -- France has booked a place in the Davis Cup final after taking an unassailable 3-0 lead over the Czech Republic in their semifinal tie at Roland Garros on Saturday . Following straight-set victories for Jo-Wifried Tsonga and Richard Gasquet in Friday 's singles , the French pair joined forces in the doubles to beat Radek Stepanek and Tomas Berdych in four sets 6-7  4/7  6-4 7-6  7/5  6-1 . "  It 's for sure one of the best moments in our career to play here in a semifinal and to win in the second day , " Tsonga said . "  We always kept the fighting spirit and stayed in the match -- we all know the Davis Cup is tough . " Victory over the reigning champions means France advance to the final for the first time since 2010 , where they will face either Italy or Switzerland . The Italian 's slim hopes of reaching a first Davis Cup final since 1998 are still alive after a thrilling five-set win in Saturday 's doubles rubber over the Swiss in Geneva . Trailing 2-0 after Friday 's singles matches , Italy entrusted their fate to Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini as they took on Stan Wawrinka and Marco Chiudinelli , who replaced Roger Federer who was rested by team captain Severin Luthi . The match started brightly for the visitors as Bolelli and Fognini took the opening set 7-5 but the Swiss pair immediately hit back taking the second and third sets to leave Italy staring down the barrel . But the Italian pair seemed unperturbed by the prospect of defeat , mounting an impressive comeback to square the match at two sets all before carrying the momentum into the decider to eventually win 7-5 3-6 5-7 6-3 6-2 . "  I am much happier with my performance today , " Fognini said after the marathon four-hour match . "  I served much better than yesterday , I returned much better . It 's still going to be very difficult for us but it 's a little less difficult than before , " he added . The 27-year-old will have to recover quickly for Sunday 's opening reverse singles rubber where he faces 17-time grand slam champion Federer . Victory for Federer would propel Switzerland to a first final in 22 years and a chance to claim the title for the first time in their history .	France book place in Davis Cup final with a 3-0 win over reigning champions Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Richard Gasquet win Saturday 's doubles rubber in four sets Italy still alive in other semi against Switzerland after winning Saturday 's doubles match Fognini and Bolelli win epic five-setter to make overall score 2-1 to take tie into final day
Washington  CNN  -- A major immigration bill that would give millions of people living illegally in America a path to citizenship cleared a key legislative hurdle Tuesday when a strong Senate majority voted to open debate on it . The 82-15 vote , with most Republicans joining the chamber 's Democratic majority in support , launched what was expected to be an arduous legislative journey for the 1,076-page measure . Both supporters and opponents expect the bill to pass the Senate despite fierce opposition from conservatives . However , one GOP foe said Tuesday the Republican-controlled House would defeat it in its current form due to the pathway to citizenship . The legislation addresses an emotionally charged issue with huge political stakes for both parties . President Barack Obama and Democrats want to fulfill a promise to Hispanic Americans , the nation 's fastest-growing demographic and a key voting bloc , to address the limbo of the 11 million immigrants living illegally in the country . A few hours before Tuesday 's vote , Obama tried to build momentum for the proposal at a White House event where he called it a commonsense approach to fix a broken system . 5 things to know about immigration reform Addressing concerns of the measure 's opponents , Obama emphasized it would increase spending on border security and require undocumented immigrants to pursue what could be a 13-year path to eventual citizenship . "  You have to pass background checks , you have to learn English , you have to pay taxes and a penalty and then you have to go to the back of the line behind everybody who has done things the right way and have tried to come here legally , " Obama said . Latino voters backed Obama over GOP nominee Mitt Romney by a 44-point margin last year , and Republican strategists are concerned about the party 's long term viability in national elections if that trend holds . In the Senate , Republicans who forced Tuesday 's procedural step that required at least 60 votes to launch debate on the immigration bill joined Democrats to easily surpass that threshold . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid warned that some Republicans had no intention of supporting the measure even though they voted to open the formal debate and will propose amendments during the upcoming debate . Opponents led by GOP Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas accused Democrats of insisting on the pathway to citizenship as part of the bill , knowing House conservatives wo n't accept it . The goal of Democrats is to secure a popular campaign issue with Hispanic voters for the 2014 mid-term election and 2016 presidential election , he said . Vermont senator revives debate over gay rights in immigration bill "  I think it 's going to pass the U.S. Senate with a substantial margin , " Cruz said . But "  absent major revisions ... this bill will crash and burn in the House . And it is designed to do so . " Polls show many Americans favor some form of immigration policy overhaul , depending on the details of legislation . The bipartisan proposal before Senate was hammered out this spring by the so-called "  Gang of Eight " senators -- four Democrats and four Republicans . Some congressional conservatives call opposing the "  Gang of Eight " plan a matter of principle and say they wo n't bend . Many consider any measure offering a path to citizenship tantamount to amnesty for those who entered the country illegally . In addition , concerns about whether the bill will tighten security along the nation 's porous borders , as asserted by backers of the plan , may make it difficult for conservatives to support it -- especially those up for re-election next year . "  The bill grants permanent legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants , as currently written , without really any guarantee of securing the border . Now , how would that possibly be a good idea ? " asked Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , the chamber 's No. 2 Republican , who voted Tuesday for opening debate . Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , a member of the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " who is considered a possible GOP presidential contender in 2016 , argued that doing nothing amounts to what he called a "  de facto amnesty " for immigrants currently living illegally in America . House working on its own plan At the same time , Rubio -- a popular conservative of Hispanic descent -- has made it clear that border security requirements must be toughened if he and other GOP skeptics will support it . He is pushing an amendment that would make Congress , not the executive branch , responsible for deciding if security metrics at the border have been met before other aspects of the reform bill -- including the pathway to citizenship -- are triggered . Because Rubio 's support is so critical , other members of the bipartisan group have hinted they likely will back his proposal even though they are reluctant to make major changes to their original compromise . The vote on the Rubio amendment will be one of the most closely watched as floor action unfolds over the next three weeks . Other planned amendments will involve stepped-up security checks of people entering the country , temporary visas for high - and low-skilled workers , and other technical provisions . Obama says no one will get everything In a rare display of unity , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , union leaders and other interest groups have come out in support of the Senate plan . Advocates for comprehensive reform won the first major legislative victory last month when the Senate Judiciary Committee voted 13-5 to approve the "  Gang of Eight " plan . Democratic leaders hope to have a Senate vote on final passage by the end of June . A bipartisan group has been working on a separate immigration plan in the House , but the effort suffered a setback last week when a key member dropped out of the negotiations . Previous efforts to pass immigration reform fell short last decade even though it was said to be a priority of President George W. Bush . Now Obama has made the issue a major priority of his second term . Key senator endorses plan	NEW : GOP Sen. Cruz says the bill as written will pass the Senate but not the House Senate Democrats , Republicans vote overwhelmingly to allow debate President Obama urges Congress to pass the bipartisan Senate measure The would create a 13-year path to citizenship ; some conservatives call it amnesty
CNN  Brace yourself Europe -- "  Moneyball " is coming to a football pitch near you . Spend-thrift baseball executive Billy Beane -- made famous by Brad Pitt 's Oscar-nominated portrayal in "  Moneyball " -- is taking up a position with Dutch club AZ Alkmaar . "  I 'm truly excited for the opportunity to be part of AZ Alkmaar in an advisory role , " Beane told the AZ website . "  Despite being a great football club with a storied history , they face many of the challenges we have with the Oakland A 's . My love for football and AZ 's vision of the future of the club made this an attractive pursuit . " The idea behind "  Moneyball " is to obtain maximum value for each player bought or sold . Beane has had a longstanding fascination with European football , citing Arsenal 's Arsene Wenger as a manager he admires for his blend of performance on the pitch and financial prudence . The American has said in the past that it was his dream to be an executive at a football club once his baseball career ended . It turns out he did n't have to wait that long . "  I think it 's interesting and exciting for him personally , " said Chris Anderson , co-founder of the sports analytics consultancy Anderson Sally . "  He 's been a football fan for many , many years and is very well informed about the sport and industry . This is not as much a stretch as one might imagine ; he actually knows football . " Beane will retain his general manager duties with the Oakland A 's , a team that remains competitive despite sporting one of the lowest payrolls in Major League Baseball  MLB  . The A 's have qualified for MLB 's playoffs each of the past three seasons , only to be knocked out before the World Series every time . Critics of baseball 's sabermetrics system -- using data to analyze the sport as exposed in Michael Lewis ' "  Moneyball " book which inspired the film -- are quick to point out that Beane has never won a title with the A 's . In Holland , Beane wo n't need to start from scratch , as AZ currently sits comfortably in fourth place in the Dutch Eredivisie . AZ 's director of football Earnie Stewart is a known "  Moneyball " fan himself , having organized a screening for his fellow AZ execs shortly after joining the club . The former U.S. midfielder , who scored against Colombia in the 1994 World Cup , is half-Dutch and hopes the collaboration with Beane can give the club an extra edge . "  We 've had a lot of contact with Billy In the last few months " , Stewart told the club 's website . "  His knowledge and ideas are impressive . Also Billy 's soccer network is excellent . We have already noticed that Billy thinks two steps ahead in the area of innovation . That 's what really connects with the ambitions of AZ. " Like the A 's , AZ have managed to compete with the big boys of the Dutch league -- chiefly PSV and Ajax -- on a limited budget , winning the domestic league twice -- most recently in 2009 -- while finishing in the top five in three of the past five seasons . Beane 's philosophy is shaped by getting maximum bang for your buck in the transfer market . "  There is a misconception that you never pay much for anybody , but that is not true at all , " Beane told the Telegraph in 2011 . "  You want to make sure you are getting more value than you are paying . That may come in the form of a very expensive player , it may come in the form of a very young player , but it 's not about being cheap or not spending money . " But it 's questionable whether "  Moneyball " principles can be applied to football , a sport where -- unlike in U.S. sports leagues -- players are rarely traded for one another . Instead , athletes are sold for prices determined by a marketplace , untethered by salary caps . However , Anderson argues Beane could be about to exploit a gap in the market . "  I would say unequivocally that markets for players are much more inefficient in soccer than in baseball , " said Anderson , who also wrote "  The Numbers Game : Everything You Know About Football Is Wrong . " "  The combination of a global market plus inefficiency means that is a huge opportunity in soccer that there is n't in the same way in baseball . " Either way , Beane is likely to relish the challenge of imparting his knowledge to the boardrooms of European football , perhaps even as a pre-cursor to a full time job in the sport . "  I think he certainly would be open to the possibility of taking on a role , " said Anderson , adding that Beane could be using the advisory position to dip his toe into the shark-infested waters of football player transfers . "  In football we 're still in a pre - ` Moneyball ' era , " added Anderson . "  So the baseball equivalent of the mid-1990s . is the football equivalent of 2015 . "	Baseball 's Billy Beane to join top-tier Dutch club as executive Smaller clubs seeking advantage over big - pending giants
The Pennsylvania attorney general 's office is blaming a former state prison clerk for her own rape , in response to a federal lawsuit the woman filed . The 24-year-old typist was working at the state prison at Rockview in Bellefonte , Pennsylvania , when she was attacked in 2013 . She was choked unconscious and raped for 27 minutes by inmate Omar Best , who had been convicted three times previously of sex-related crimes , and then been transferred from a different state prison for assaulting a female assistant there . "  Despite this knowledge , defendants ... still allowed Omar Best to have unsupervised access to the offices of female employees , " according to the lawsuit , which also blames the state for the rape . In fact , the lawsuit says that the prison superintendent actually moved the clerk offices from a secure floor where there was no inmate contact to a location that was on a cell block . "  There were no locked doors between the offices and cell blocks , including Block C where  the victim  worked , except for the copy room , " the lawsuit states . Even though Best was convicted of the rape in May and a review of the prison found multiple failings and led to the superintendent 's removal , a senior deputy attorney general wrote that the woman "  acted in a manner which in whole or in part contributed to the events " in his response to her lawsuit . It 's victim shaming at its worst , the woman 's lawyer told CNN . "  Worse than that , it 's an attempt to embarrass the victim , " said Clifford Rieders , a Williamsport , Pennsylvania , attorney . The state attorney general 's office at first declined to comment when the matter was reported by the Centre Daily Times , in State College , Pennsylvania . Wednesday , the office released a statement saying that it is required to present all possible defenses and "  contributory negligence is one such defense . " In the statement provided to CNN , the attorney general 's office said , "  This initial filing should not necessarily be interpreted as meaning this defense will be pursued throughout the entire case , " adding that elected Attorney General Kathleen Kane was not aware her senior deputy included that defense in his filing . "  Attorney General Kane is disappointed that she was not made aware of this matter prior to the filing , and was saddened to learn that the filing implied that the victim somehow contributed to this crime . " Best is serving a life sentence for the woman 's rape . The Pennsylvania state victim advocate said it 's hypocritical to use victim-blaming as a defense for the prison . "  I think it 's absolutely deplorable to blame the victim in this case , " Jennifer Storm told CNN . "  It 's not common legalese in rape cases , " Storm said of the AG 's defense . "  And it shows a significant lack of sensitivity to not understand the harm this has done to the young woman and the re-victimization she 's going through today . "  In a rape case , this is plain victim-blaming . " Opinion : Blame rapists for rape ... obviously Storm and Rieter both pointed out that the local district attorney , Stacy Parks Miller , who prosecuted Best , whole-heartedly believed the victim . And so did a jury . "  The DA went to bat 100 % for this victim , " Storm said . "  To then backtrack ... it 's despicable , I 'm disgusted . " . "  It 's obviously completely inconsistent with the criminal trial , " Rieter said . "  I think it 's bad lawyering . It 's what some lawyers do . I do n't think it 's right , or just , and has no basis here ... There are some people in this day and age who will still do that even though there is no factual or legal basis for it . " According to the suit , Best had been convicted three times prior of sex-related offenses . In 2010 , DNA testing linked him to the 1999 abduction and rape of an 18-year-old woman in Philadelphia , and he was sentenced to 7 to 15 years in prison for it . In 2011 , he pleaded guilty to rape and robbery in another Philadelphia case and was sentenced to 15 years in state prison . In a 1996 case , he pleaded guilty to indecent assault , after being charged with attempted rape , the lawsuit says . Then , while imprisoned at another facility called Graterford , Best assaulted a female assistant , according to the lawsuit , and was transferred to the state prison at Rockview in Bellefonte , where this victim worked . The victim had complained twice to her boss -- about a week before the attack -- that she felt uncomfortable and unsafe with Best coming into her office . She was assured Best would no longer have access to her office , the lawsuit states . But on July 25 , around 8:30 a.m. , Best went to her office under the guise of taking out her trash , and grabbed the woman from behind , choking her until she passed out . She tried to blow a distress whistle she carried , but no one heard it . Her lawsuit also claims the prison was understaffed . A prison investigation led to the firing of the superintendent , Marirosa Lamas , the hiring of 70 new corrections officers , and the moving of those offices where she had worked to a more secure space , away from inmates . In the state 's response , it denied that the internal investigation was the reason for Lamas leaving . The victim is suing the state Department of Corrections , her former supervisor , the block manager , and the former superintendent , Lamas . Opinion : Is America really clueless about the meaning of rape ?	Omar Best , a convicted rapist , was allowed close contact with typist at prison Typist , 24 , complained about unsupervised access Best eventually raped typist and was convicted ; the typist filed a federal suit "  It 's an attempt to embarrass the victim , " victim 's lawyer says of state response to federal suit
CNN  Was the Middle East better off under dictatorships ? It is certainly tempting to think so when one looks at conflicts in the region today , from Yemen to Libya to Syria . Those three countries have followed different trajectories since the start of the Arab Spring in 2011 , but what they have in common now is instability that is not likely to be overcome in the short term . While this instability is making the West -- particularly the United States -- uncomfortable , it is also a direct result of the West 's own stance towards dictatorships in the region prior to and during the Arab Spring . The West 's shortsightedness in handling the Middle East throughout its modern history has directly contributed to its current devastation . Before 2011 , what the West most valued in the Middle East was stability rather than democracy . Arab dictatorships were tolerated for decades despite their cruelty because they served Western economic , political , and security interests . In Egypt , Hosni Mubarak was seen as the bulwark of peace with Israel . In Libya , a reformed Moammar Gadhafi was courted for potential investment and trade agreements . In Syria , Bashar al-Assad was a predictable leader who maintained the Golan Heights as a conflict-free zone . In Yemen , Ali Abdullah Saleh was regarded as an ally against al Qaeda . Dictatorships kept the status quo manageable . Government suppression of activism and of the alternative voices of civil society and independent media meant that top-down decisions were rarely contested . This pretty much guaranteed that Western interests would be served without too many complications . In return , Arab dictators enjoyed Western financial and military aid and political reassurances . Yemen was the epitome of this dynamic . Saleh courted and was courted by American diplomats who turned a blind eye to his transgressions , from arms smuggling to forcing new businesses to include him as a "  partner " so that he could ensure a cut in the profits , while most Yemenis lived below the bread line . READ MORE : How we got here in Yemen Saleh 's value was in engaging in the "  war on terror " through allowing American drones to strike al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The fact that he used this engagement as an excuse to ask for military assistance for Yemen -- which in reality was used to equip what would become a private army -- was considered a small price to pay by the United States . When the reality of living under dictatorships became exposed with the Arab Spring , the West could no longer ignore it and had to publicly declare support for the uprisings . But the West did not have a long-term strategy for handling the aftermath of dictatorships -- and the results have been catastrophic . Libya saw hasty international military intervention without a vision for stabilizing the country , and today is falling apart . Syria saw diplomatic toing and froing that eventually dragged the West into a messy war . Yemen was for a while thought of as an acceptable compromise because of the Gulf Cooperation Council 's initiative that ended the uprising through a negotiated transition from Saleh to his deputy Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi . But the long-term implications for this transition were ignored and Yemen today is paying the price . Yemen summarizes all the ills of dictatorships and their handling by foreign patrons . The West was naïve to think that Saleh would simply accept his removal from power . In an ironic turn of events , he has found in the Houthi rebels -- who had been marginalized under his rule and became even more so under Hadi -- an unlikely ally to regain influence . Saudi Arabia was also naïve in thinking that Houthi rule in northern Yemen would be better than having a political presence for the Muslim Brotherhood -- the Kingdom 's staunchest political foe -- in Sanaa . The Saudis and the West ignored the simmering sectarian tensions between the Zaidi Houthis and the Sunni tribes of Yemen , not to mention the popular anger at U.S.-led drone attacks that sometimes killed civilians . They also ignored Iran 's rising ambitions ; why would the Houthis -- Iran 's allies -- limit themselves to northern Yemen if they could also expand southwards and rule the whole country ? The situation in Yemen today shows that even though the status quo under dictatorships may have appeared stable , beneath the surface volcanoes were preparing to erupt . Dictators may keep a country secure , but they do that at the expense of their own people . They may support the West 's interests , but they will turn against them whenever their own interests are threatened . Although many today lament that the Arab Spring has turned into an Arab Winter , the conflicts emerging across the Middle East are largely the result of the political , economic , and social ills of dictatorships and the conditions that had sustained them . They have come to the surface because the lid has been lifted . But the current misery in the Middle East still does not mean that the region was better off under dictatorships . The aftermath of dictatorships is always messy , and democratic transition is never linear . Those with nostalgia for the days of Arab strongmen should remember that autocratic regimes plant the seed of future unrest and therefore only offer false , temporary security -- even if "  temporary " takes a few decades to pass .	Khatib : West supported Mideast dictators until it became unpalatable in 2011 Khatib : West 's lack of a plan for aftermath of dictatorships has been catastrophic
CNN  -- A Michigan man accused of gunning down an unarmed young woman on his front porch took the stand in his own defense Monday . Theodore Wafer , 55 , told jurors he feared for his life when loud banging on his front and kitchen doors startled him awake in the early morning hours of November 2 , 2013 . Wafer is facing charges of second-degree murder and manslaughter for killing 19-year-old Renisha McBride , who prosecutors said was on Wafer 's porch in Dearborn Heights seeking help after a car accident . On the stand , Wafer said he thinks of McBride daily . "  This poor girl , she had her whole life in front of her , " he said , wiping his eyes . He could face life in prison if convicted . McBride had a blood-alcohol level of 0.218 at the time of her death and had smoked marijuana earlier in the evening , according to testimony . Witnesses said she crashed her vehicle into a parked car just before 1 a.m. and wandered off disoriented and bloodied . Some three hours later , she was hit in the face by a fatal shotgun blast on Wafer 's porch . The incident sparked protest and drew the attention of activist Al Sharpton , likened by some to the shooting of unarmed Florida teen Trayvon Martin in 2012 . McBride was African-American . Wafer , who is white , was criminally charged more than two weeks after the killing . In the Detroit courtroom Monday , Wafer described feeling the floor vibrate under his feet from the violent banging , which moved back and forth between the front and kitchen doors . He said he could n't find his cell phone to call 911 , but retrieved his Mossberg 12-guage shotgun from a closet and opened the front door at a quiet moment . "  I was not going to cower . I did n't want to be a victim in my own house , " he said . Wafer claimed he had forgotten the weapon was loaded and hoped only to scare the trespassers . When a figure appeared from around the corner , he said , he pulled the trigger as a "  reflex reaction " due to fear : "  It was them or me . " Earlier in the trial , prosecutors called police witnesses who said they found no pry marks , kick marks or damage to the locking mechanisms of the front door . Wayne County Medical Examiner Dr. Kilak Kesha testified he saw no injuries to McBride 's hands during her autopsy that could have been caused by violent pounding . A defense expert disputed that characterization . Dr. Werner Spitz , who held the medical examiner 's post in Wayne County for 16 years , told jurors he in fact saw injury , swelling and fresh blood in a photograph of McBride 's hand , saying those were not the products of the car wreck hours earlier . Wafer 's attorneys also called to the stand crime scene reconstructionist David Balash , who testified the screen in Wafer 's front door was already damaged and knocked out of its frame when Wafer fired through it . The distance from the muzzle of Wafer 's weapon to McBride 's face , said Balash , would have been no more than two feet . Throughout the case , defense attorneys have fought to admit cell phone "  selfies " of McBride taken weeks before the incident , that they say point to criminal and aggressive tendencies . The selfies show the teen "  flashing hand signals and exhibiting ` wannabe ' elements of gang culture , " with "  piles of marijuana and packaging materials indicating marijuana distribution , " with wads of cash and pointing a handgun at the camera , according to court documents . Wayne County Circuit Court Judge Dana Hathaway has not allowed the photographs despite repeated motions by the defense . Starting her cross examination Monday afternoon , Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Athina Siringas questioned whether Wafer 's tears on the stand were genuine and played a lengthy video of his police interview done within hours of the shooting . "  Do you remember ever crying within two to three hours after you shot Renisha McBride ? " she asked . "  No , I do n't think so , " replied Wafer . "  You did n't cry , right ? " continued Siringas . "  There 's no jury there ? " Her cross examination of Wafer will continue Tuesday morning . Report : Blood alcohol level of slain Detroit woman more than twice the legal limit	Theodore Wafer wiped tears on the stand , told jurors he thinks of victim every day Wafer said he thought someone was breaking in ; "  I was n't going to be a victim in my own house " Prosecutors say 19-year-old Renisha McBride was unarmed , looking for help The sides spar over "  selfies " showing McBride with gun , drugs and cash
CNN  -- Here 's a quick , slightly doctored  to protect the innocent  anecdote from the many-splendored , multi-faceted realm of real life : One sunny day in the borough of Brooklyn , a couple of friends are sitting in a coffee shop , talking about a book that had one had recently read -- a dreadful piece of drek  in her opinion  detailing the true story of how the author had spent two years emulating the lifestyle of the lowly cockroach in order to prepare himself for the upcoming Mayan apocalypse . The disgruntled friend has just grandly exclaimed to her laughing pal something akin to , "  It 's good that he 's studying up to be the last dude on Earth , because that 's the only way he 'll ever get a date , " when the young man across from the duo stands up , spills his coffee all over the table in a state of extreme agitation and cries , "  I 'm sorry you hated my book so much ! And for your information , tons of girls are into entomology ! " In the RL realm , such an instance could be seen as completely serendipitous , and the girl is n't really to be faulted for her less-than-favorable view of the book in question . But transpose this scenario into what is essentially the digital coffee shop of the Web -- Twitter -- and you have another situation altogether . More and more , Twitter is becoming a kind of online comment box , a place for fans and customers to weigh in with their myriad opinions . Which is good , in many instances . Brands get constructive feedback ! Musicians and fans make friends and collaborate ! An open dialogue is forged ! In other cases , however , we have scenarios like those above -- scenarios where words a fan thinks are falling on deaf ears result in an explosion and scads of useless fighting . Read on for four ways you can drop a comment in the Twitter box without making enemies . NB : If your aim is to instigate , that 's all well and good . Trolls will be trolls . Still , do so at your own risk , because there 's a fine line between a taunt and a threat . Be constructive Your favorite band , Emo Screamo , has just posted their upcoming tour dates , and your hometown of Pinprick , USA , is unfortunately not on the docket this go-around . Rage and disappointment flood your eyes and a torrent of salty tears cascade onto your keyboard , effectively shorting out the "  F " key . Blasting Emo Screamo 's number-one hit , "  Time of Death : Your Kiss , " you take to Twitter , sending off the following waterlogged words into the abyss , "  uck you , emo screamo ! uck youuuuuuu ! " Emo Screamo 's lead singer , Johnny Longbangs , happens to see your tweet and takes it to his black , black heart , shooting back at you in rage , "  uck you , too , you illiterate toolbag . " At first , the joy at seeing the you-addressed tweet in your timeline blinds you to his rageful words , and then the slow realization that your favorite singer likely hates you fills you to the eartips with anguish . "  I 'm sorry , man , " you type back rapidly , "  I just really wanted to you to play in Pinprick , ya know ? I was just disappointed . " But it 's too late , friend , Longbangs has retreated into his dark cave of sadness , and has vowed to never set foot  or "  oot "  in Pinprick as long as Emo Screamo is a band  which will be about six more months , tops  . Yeah , that was all a little dramatic , but the main takeaway is : Be specific about your gripe , do n't just rage . If you 're sad that your favorite band is skipping your burg , tweet a special invite to play your church and crash on your couch ; if a journalist gets a fact wrong , tweet a correction , do n't call him/her an expletive , expletiving , expletive -- because you never know when the object of your ire will actually take note of your blistering display of inner turmoil . Be careful how you at-reply Tweeting directly at a person , brand , etc. is equivalent to running up to him/her/it on the street and yelling , "  HEY , HEY , HEY , listen to me . I have something to say to YOU and only YOU ! " When it comes to people , before you hit " @ " try to imagine yourself saying your piece to said person 's face . Are you looking for a direct reaction from said person ? Would you speak your tweet to his/her face ? If not , maybe just tweet something a little more general  taking # 1 into consideration  . When tweeting at brands , think about your end game : Are you trying to get faster service from Time Warner ? Sure , send a  see number one , constructive  tweet to the company . Expressing a blanket distaste for Candy Corn Oreos ? Maybe do n't personify the snacks by sending a tweet reading , " @Oreo , your new candy-corned flavored spawn was obviously crafted in the bowels of hell . " Unless , you know , you want to be openly mocked on Dumb Tweets At Brands . Special exception for the dude who elicted this tweet from Dominos . Will your job take a hit ? This should be obvious , but if you work in a certain industry , you should probably be careful what you say about that industry in a public sphere such as Twitter . Still , people are getting fired for doing just that , it seems , so we 'll just leave this here . Does the medium fit the message ? Tons of musicians got all up in arms the other week when singer Amanda Palmer put out a call on her blog asking for volunteers to play horns and strings -- for free -- during select gigs on her current tour  after raising more than a million dollars on Kickstarter for her new album  . Obviously there was a plethora of meeping on the microblogging site , but musician Amy Vaillancourt-Sals scored the undivided attention of Palmer herself -- in the form of a lengthy open letter -- after she posted a thoughtful epistle to her idol on her website . Yeah , Palmer and Vaillancourt-Sals may still agree to disagree , but at least the latter managed to open up a dialogue with her considered and articulate letter -- a dialogue that would have lost a lot of its cohesion and luster if confined by character limits .	Twitter is becoming a kind of online comment box , a place for fans to weigh in Here are four ways you can drop a comment in the Twitter box without making enemies When tweeting at brands , think about your end game
EW.com  -- David Bowie is full of surprises . A few weeks ago , he announced that his first new album in 10 years was imminent . Though "  The Next Day " was n't due to hit stores until Tuesday , March 12 , the album is currently streaming on iTunes in its entirety . The official EW review of David Bowie 's The Next Day is below , and a version of it will be appearing in the magazine on newsstands next Friday , March 8 . Early in his career , David Bowie realized that reinvention came naturally to him , and soon the spirit of change became his prime persona . Through all of his alternate guises -- space alien , drugged-out cartoon , machine-obsessed private detective , guy who just discovered the Pixies -- he 's maintained a spectacularly consistent inconsistency , and while not all of it has worked , at least we always knew that another character was following right behind . For the last decade , however , his chief guise has been Invisible Man . Following turn-of-the-last-century releases Heathen and Reality  which found him reuniting with classic-era producer Tony Visconti  , he suddenly disappeared , cutting short a tour , ignoring music , and making only occasional appearances amidst rumors of failing health so persistent that the Flaming Lips recorded a song called "  Is David Bowie Dying ? " In the meantime , pop stars like Lady Gaga and Beyoncé got rich crafting their own evil twins and countless bands co-opted Bowie 's fashionable bohemian androgyny . 25 Albums We Ca n't Wait To Hear Now he 's returned to look back at a lifetime of looking forward . "  The Next Day , " his 26th album , finds Bowie very much alive and vacillating between forward-looking restlessness and outright nostalgia . Day takes the idea of returning to past experiments and exposes them to gamma radiation , speeding up the evolution process across 14 tracks . And like a judicious parent , he treats his most high-profile projects equally , paying homage to all their quirks and foibles : The album-opening title track sounds like a return to Station to Station , single "  Where Are We Now ? " wallows in Low-era melancholy , and "  Boss of Me " is a gospel-glam strut in the spirit of Aladdin Sane 's "  Watch That Man . " Visconti drops in a bevy of sonic retrospective winks , making it easy to spot references and also to re-edit : If you dig the end-of-the-world dirges from Lodger , you 'll adore "  You Feel So Lonely You Could Die , " but if you never got over Space Oddity 's psychedelic folk , you can jettison all but "  I 'd Rather Be High " from iTunes . David Bowie drops new single , announces first album in ten years A few tracks lack clear antecedents  see : the Jack White-aping "  You Will Set the World on Fire "  , and some simply lack cohesion , or at least enough melody to anchor them . But Day is also an excellent reminder that Ziggy Stardust , the Thin White Duke , and the lunatic who sang Christmas songs with Bing Crosby have all been coexisting in the same brain for decades . Now that all of his alter-egos have settled down , he can finally get on with the business of being David Bowie -- auteur , bon vivant , and eternally , rock 's most gorgeous space alien . B Best Tracks "  Love Is Lost " A hooky , paranoid rocker "  Valentine 's Day " A fuzzy glam-rock redux See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Next Day " is David Bowie 's first new album in 10 years It was n't due to hit stores until March 12 , but it 's now streaming on iTunes Bowie 's 26th album finds him vacillating between forward-looking restlessness and outright nostalgia
Atlanta  CNN  -- The family of Georgia teen Ayvani Perez got a call hours after she was abducted demanding money and drugs for her safe return , according to a criminal affidavit filed Thursday . Kidnappers did ultimately free Ayvani -- without getting anything in return -- leaving her at an aunt 's house in Conyers , Georgia , and ending a harrowing 36-hour ordeal that began 25 miles away with a brazen pre-dawn break-in punctuated by gunshots , threats and screams . While there 's no dispute young Ayvani was abducted against her will , there are questions as to whether it was a random act . The affidavit 's claim that her kidnappers asked for drugs , in addition to money , in their phone calls may speak to this point . A man tied to this week 's kidnapping , Juan Alberto Contreras-Rodriguez , was one of five arrested in a 2012 raid in Henry County , south of Atlanta , in which authorities found 500 pounds of marijuana , Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . One of those arrested with him -- on a marijuana trafficking charge , which was later dropped -- was Ayvani 's mother , Maria Corral . Corral was at the center of this week 's drama in the community of Ellenwood , where two men toting handguns pried open her back door around 2 a.m. . She hid in a closet with two of her children and their dog before the intruders realized where Corral and the children were hiding , and kicked in the door , according to the federal affidavit filed to support a complaint and arrest warrant against one of the suspects . The men demanded money and jewelry from Corral , but she refused . Around that time , the dog Ayvani had been holding jumped out of her arms and began barking -- at which point one of the suspects shot the animal , who later died . Ayvani was eventually forced at gunpoint down the stairs , then eventually out the back door , over a fence , then behind several houses with the two kidnappers , an FBI agent wrote in the affidavit . And the men did not turn back when Corral went outside screaming her daughter 's name . Later that morning , a man phoned Ayvani 's family several times telling them that the 14-year-old girl was unharmed , and making his demands . Authorities were able to trace that phone to a man named Wildrego Jackson . Jackson 's girlfriend later said she 'd loaned him a gray Dodge Challenger she 'd rented , which was similar to one spotted by neighbors around the crime scene that Tuesday morning , the federal affidavit said . The two kidnapping suspects pictured in sketched released this week by FBI investigators remain at large . But two others have been arrested in connection with the case : Contreras-Rodriguez and Jackson , a 29-year-old Atlanta man . Jackson is being held on charges of conspiracy to kidnap a minor female . The criminal complaint alleges he used a cellular phone in commission of this crime : In fact , the affidavit ties him to two phones used around the abduction site . Contreras-Rodriguez , a 40-year-old Mexican national , is being held on immigration-related charges . Authorities have n't detailed how these two men were arrested , beyond Clayton County Police Chief Gregory Porter saying it happened "  through hardcore police work . " Porter focused more on the fact young teenager was unharmed , and back home . "  This is a good day for the Perez family , but more importantly for Ayvani , " he said . "  She is safe . "	NEW : An affidavit says Ayvani Perez 's family was called hours after abduction NEW : Authorities later tied cell phones linked to the crime to one suspect He and another man , tied to a reported drug arrest involving Ayvani 's mother , are detained Two other suspects in the kidnapping may still be at large
CNN  -- It is the place where the "  Air Ball " chant was invented . It is or has been home to Crazy Towel Guy , Viking Guy and Bunch of Guys . A man once distracted an opponent 's free-throw shooter by rising from his seat and dancing while wearing a dark blue Speedo and nothing else . That guy became a pastor . The college basketball fans at Cameron Indoor Stadium , where there are just 9,314 seats , are not only known for being loud , they take pride in getting into opponents ' heads . They are a coordinated cacophony that gives the Duke Blue Devils a home-court advantage only a handful of teams have . Duke University has won nearly 84 % of its games in Cameron since 1940 . The Cameron Crazies are so famous , they were even in a Coke commercial . But recently , the young fans have been the subject of scorn from former Crazies , other basketball fans , the media and even Duke 's legendary coach , Mike Krzyzewski . They have n't been their old selves , and they have n't been filling the undergraduate students section , not even to cheer on a top-10 team . Duke has 1,000 spots for undergrads but has sold up to 400 of those seats to other Duke fans this year . As Duke enters the heart of conference play , student attendance has picked up recently , senior Ellie Garrett , one of two student ticket line monitors , said in an e-mail . The smaller undergrad crowds is not a new trend ; there have been fewer of them in Section 17 for the past few seasons . But this season , the lack of passion has been noticeable . Coach K had these words after a January victory at Maryland , according to the Chronicle : "  This team is trying to develop and do n't just watch them , be with them . They need your support . This Saturday let 's be out there at noon -LSB- they won against St. John 's -RSB- and be the Cameron Crazies . If you do n't want to do it , then do n't , but it will be a mistake . I think sometimes you just take things for granted . " The students responded to the coach 's call ; Garrett said Section 17 was over capacity . Longtime Duke fan Julian King says there are several reasons Cameron is a different place these days . King -- who grew up in Durham , has seen hundreds of games in Cameron and runs the message board forum Duke Basketball Report -- points a finger at a tech-rich culture , a student body more focused on academics , conference expansion and the team 's "  ridiculous success . " No question Duke is one of the most beloved teams and one of the most hated -- in large part because it wins so much . With four national titles and fourth place on the all-time victories list , the Blue Devils are on TV and the front pages of newspapers and sports websites constantly . "  People get spoiled ; they get used to  winning  , " King said . "  But the secret of Cameron , and people who have n't been around a while do n't realize , but Cameron really became a great place out of frustration . " He explained that in the 1970s , other teams came in with their stars -- David Thompson of North Carolina State , John Lucas of Maryland and Phil Ford of North Carolina -- and whipped Duke 's butt . Since there was no beating them on the court , Duke fans turned to making fun of them , King said . And those fans , including the most raucous ones known as Bunch of Guys , were often hilarious and often downright offensive . Caulton Tudor , columnist for the News & Observer in Raleigh , said the fans sometimes crossed the line , but they were spontaneous . "  They 've turned into the Mormon Tabernacle Choir , " he said . "  They are orchestrated . Everybody knows exactly what 's next . " At Duke , students will work on a cheer sheet and hand them out to those who attend games . Some students have complained that new cheers are needed . They also say there needs to be better coordination . There are other factors at play , King and Tudor said , and these could affect all schools . In the early 1980s , when Coach K was new to Duke and the Devils were beginning to win consistently again , there were no fans texting on cellphones or updating Facebook pages , Tudor said . Sure , some brought books so they could study during breaks , but their attention spans were longer and more focused on basketball . These days , not so much . There also were no huge TVs in the dorms , where students do n't have to wait for hours in cold lines to get into the arena , where they might stand  or jump up and down  in closer-than-close quarters for three-plus hours . Today 's students can also watch anywhere on campus on computers or smartphones . And there are now 12 teams in the Atlantic Coast Conference  two more schools join the league next season  , and old school rivalries have been diminished as a result , said Tudor , who has seen more than 300 games in Cameron since 1957 . Like many superconferences , the ACC has grown so big that schools sometimes play conference opponents only once a year instead of twice . For Duke , it means people do n't care about some games as much anymore , King said . It 's hard to get worked up about a revenge game if a year separates a loss and the next contest . Things will get better , Jeff Kovacs , a former crazy known as Mullet Man , wrote in a letter to Blue Devil fans on Duke Basketball Report . "  You may think that the Crazies are n't up to the standards of the past , but maybe this current crop is merely going through its own growing pains , " he wrote . "  Maybe they are n't spoiled and complacent . Maybe they are learning on the job . " Garrett wrote that students were anxious to be part of the tradition . "  People are painting up , making signs , and counting down the minutes until the doors to Cameron open , " she said . A betting man would probably wager that Section 17 will be full on Saturday when Duke is host to Maryland , which fancies itself one of Duke 's rivals  Duke fans feel a little differently  . Coming off a miraculous comeback win against the No. 5 North Carolina Tar Heels , Duke and its Crazies have to have their swagger back . If the spontaneity and enthusiasm return with it , the Terrapins might just want to invest in some earplugs . And the Tar Heels , when they come March 3 , well , it 'll be as crazy that day as ever in Cameron .	There are 1,000 seats for undergraduate students at Duke basketball games Many of those seats have been sold to non-student Blue Devil fans Success , conference dilution and technology have role in downtown , fan says Cameron Crazies need the spontaneity back , says veteran sports columnist
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Comedian Conan O'Brien returns to the late-night television circuit Monday with a much-anticipated new show . Actors Seth Rogen and Lea Michele will be guests on the first episode of "  Conan , " which airs Monday at 11 p.m. ET on TBS . But the veteran host is keeping mum about a mystery guest -- the winner of an online poll . A guest lineup schedule posted on the new show 's website says : "  You clicked and we listened ! Who will be the poll winner : The Pope ? The Sultan Of Brunei ? Nobel Prize in Chemistry winner Gerhard Ertl ? WATCH AND FIND OUT ! " There 's one person who probably wo n't be taking the stage in O'Brien 's Burbank , California , studio any time soon : Jay Leno . "  He can come as the musical guest , because that I want to see ... No , there are certain things I will not do , regardless of the price , " O'Brien said in an interview in the December issue of Playboy . Will Conan O'Brien live up to the ` Conan ' hype ? O'Brien has been off the air since January , when NBC canceled Leno 's primetime hour after disappointing ratings led to an affiliate revolt . NBC paid O'Brien and his staff an estimated $ 40 million to clear the way for Leno to return to the "  Tonight Show " host chair he handed off to O'Brien last year . The settlement left O'Brien free to launch a competing show after September 1 , 2010 . TBS announced plans to bring O'Brien onboard in April . The cable network is owned by Turner Broadcasting , the same company that owns CNN . The ouster of O'Brien after just seven months on the show stirred his friends and fans -- dubbed Team CoCo -- to launch a variety of anti-NBC protests . Actors Tom Hanks , Jon Hamm and Michael Cera are among the guests slated to appear during the first week of O'Brien 's new show . Musical guests Jack White , Soundgarden and Fistful of Mercy are also scheduled to perform . From 1993 to 2009 , O'Brien hosted "  Late Night with Conan O'Brien " on NBC . He is also a former editor of the Harvard Lampoon and writer for "  Saturday Night Live " and "  The Simpsons . "	O'Brien is returning after more than 9 months off the air Actor Seth Rogen is scheduled to appear Monday The host says rival Jay Leno is unlikely to be a guest on his new show
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Voting in Iraqi provincial elections ended peacefully Saturday evening , and the mood was festive in some places , unlike the violence , intimidation and apathy that marked the balloting in 2005 . An Iraqi casts his vote Saturday in Ramadi . Preliminary results are expected in a week . "  There is a new norm of politics . ... It is truly a proud moment , " Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Barham Saleh told CNN . "  The distance that we have come is truly inspiring . " Faraj al-Haidari , who chairs the Independent High Electoral Commission of Iraq , and Staffan de Mistura , special U.N. representative for Iraq , issued statements saying the election went smoothly . "  Hundreds of thousands of IHEC staff worked dutifully according to procedures , " said Mistura , who also said he was pleased at the number of women who turned out to vote . Preliminary results from the electoral commission are expected within five days , de Mistura said . Final numbers are due at the end of February . "  Some security incidents were reported during the day , but we did n't have any confirmation on serious security incidents that might effect the total electoral process , " al-Haidari said . President Obama congratulated the Iraqis on the elections . "  Millions of Iraqi citizens from every ethnic and religious group went peacefully to the polls across the country to choose new provincial councils , " Obama said in a statement released by the White House . "  It is important that the councils get seated , select new governors and begin work on behalf of the Iraqi people who elected them . " He said the United States "  is proud to have provided technical assistance , along with the United Nations and other international organizations , to Iraq 's Independent High Electoral Commission , which performed professionally under difficult circumstances . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , who toured polling stations with UN observers , said she noticed an increased sense of awareness and optimism among voters , who felt that their participation would have an impact on their lives and country . Watch Iraqis head to polls " Political analysts said this election could correct some of the political imbalances that resulted from the 2005 election . Saturday 's voting also was seen as a referendum on Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  We are trying to build a new system of government in the heart of the Islamic Middle East , " Saleh said . The last provincial elections were in January 2005 , after the ousting of Saddam Hussein , and most Sunnis did not vote . "  This time , happening four years after the first elections , means that this process is on track to building a functioning democracy , " Saleh said . "  I think the election results will point to the real political map of Iraq . "  The overwhelming majority of the people of Iraq are having a stake in this process , are buying into this democratic process . " He added that politics "  is no longer defined by violence " and is now transcending "  sectarian and ethnic dimensions . " Voting was extended by one hour , partly because a curfew had been lifted , allowing more Iraqis to go to the polls , said Judge Qassim al-Aboudi , a member of the Electoral Commission . He described turnout as "  good . " Those elected will have regional power over the essentials Iraqis have been desperate for : basic services and jobs , Damon reported . She said there was a sense of jubilation in Anbar province , the Sunni heartland west of Baghdad . The sprawling desert area was dominated largely by al Qaeda in January 2005 , when the first provincial elections after the fall of Hussein were held . In 2005 , fearing retribution from the terrorist group , only about 2 percent of eligible voters cast ballots . In Najaf , the Shiite center south of Baghdad , voters also were eager to let their voices be heard , Damon said . Watch Arwa Damon on the importance of these elections " At a polling station in Baghdad , 80-year-old Ibrahim Saleh , a retired lawyer , said this election "  is completely different from previous elections . " When asked how , he replied , "  because it is open for all the society components to express their opinion freely . " Asked what she expects from her candidate , a woman in Diyala , northeast of Baghdad , said , "  we hope stability and security and employment . " Observers believe that the provincial vote will be a gauge of the country 's political direction and a guide to how to the parliamentary elections will turn out this year . The results should spell out the status of the Sunni "  awakening " movement and the popularity of the Shiite factions , such as those backing al-Maliki , cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . There were tough security measures in place throughout the country , including security rings around polling centers and vigorous searches of voters . Nevertheless , three mortars exploded near a polling station in central Tikrit , about 100 miles north of Baghdad , Saturday morning , an official with the Interior Ministry said . There were no casualties . Police also detained four people wearing Iraqi police uniforms who they said had thrown stun grenades at voters outside a polling center in Tikrit , Saddam 's hometown . Al-Maliki cast his ballot in Baghdad 's Al-Rasheed Hotel , in the highly protected and fortified International Zone . He told reporters at the polling station that the election is evidence that Iraqi people live under a high level of safety . In Anbar province , Iraqi police and army troops lined the streets of downtown Ramadi . One of the police officers said he was proud to be working on election day . " "  Let the people see us standing here , " he said . Police vehicles blasted music outside , creating a festive atmosphere . One man brought his 7-year-old brother with him to the polling center . "  I want him to learn about democracy , " the man said . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama praises election , says he 's "  proud " of collaborative efforts Preliminary results of provincial elections expected within five days Polls close after one-hour extension ; no serious violence reported "  There is a new norm of politics , " deputy prime minister says
CNN  Just about now , North Korea 's enigmatic ruler was expected to be preparing to emerge from his fortified country for a visit to Moscow to join celebrations next week marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe . The trip was highly anticipated . After all , this was to have been Kim 's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader and a regime still largely shrouded in mystery . But this week , Russia announced that the trip had been canceled , with Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying Thursday that Moscow was informed via diplomatic channels that the trip would not happen . He said that "  the decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs . " What could have changed Kim 's mind ? It is practically impossible to answer the question with absolute certainty , but a possible explanation is that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position . And nervous dictators prefer to stay home . True , Kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on Earth . And there is unceasing public praise for the younger ` Dear Leader , " including frenzied eruptions of support . But these eruptions are carefully scripted , and those who have managed to flee the North confirm that in private , many are unhappy with the regime . Perhaps with the potential threats in mind , Kim feels the need to reassert his authority and keep his eye on the centers of power . In 2013 , Kim shocked the country and stunned outside observers when he ordered the killing of his uncle , Jang Song Thaek , who had stood by his side from the day his father died . Jang had mentored and guided the young Kim as he took the reins , but the once-powerful Jang was arrested by soldiers during a Politburo meeting who dragged him away in a chilling scene broadcast on national television . The central news agency called Jang a "  traitor for all the ages , " with vague accusations that he had behaved "  insolently . " More seriously , he was accused of "  counter-revolutionary factional acts in a bid to overthrow the leadership . " And just this week , and only a day before the Russians announced Kim 's canceled travel plans , a South Korea lawmaker revealed that South Korea 's National Intelligence Service had pieced together information suggesting that so far this year , Kim has ordered the execution of 15 senior government officials . According to South Korean legislator Shing Kyung-min , North Korea 's vice chairman of the State Planning Commission , for example , was executed because he objected to plans to change the design of a new government hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower . Such an explanation is bizarre . And in keeping with the odd behavior we have grown accustomed to hearing about from North Korea . But there may be more to this . Kim -- who was still in his 20s when he took power and holds a host of titles , including Supreme Commander of the Korean People 's Army -- still finds it necessary to remind everyone at home that he is the one in charge . But although there is something almost comical about the explanations offered up by North Korea for the actions of its regime , a nervous , unpredictable , inexperienced leader with access to nuclear weapons is far from a laughing matter . As recently as 2013 , North Korea conducted a nuclear test -- the country 's third , and it has threatened to use them against South Korea , Japan and the United States . Meanwhile , it has threatened South Korea with "  final destruction , " said it will turn the country 's presidential office into a sea of fire , told Japan it would trigger a nuclear attack if Tokyo followed through on a warning to destroy any North Korean missiles fired in its direction , and declared the United States is seeking a war and that Pyongyang "  will be exercising our right to preemptive nuclear attacks . " Such rhetoric is itself troubling . But experts have also warned this week that North Korea may have restarted its Yongbyon nuclear reactor , with the Institute for Science and International Security arguing that snow melting patterns in images of the plant suggest new activity at the plant . North Korea has been mostly out of the news in recent months , partly because so many other international crises have pushed it out of the headlines . But that does n't mean tensions have eased . Just three weeks ago , Pyongyang fired missiles into the sea as U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter arrived on the Korean peninsula . All this suggests that gauging the state of mind of the North Korean leader is no easy task . But if Kim raises the alarm about threats from the outside , we will know he is likely feeling insecure at home and may be trying to boost internal support . That would be a danger sign for the people of North Korea -- and a flashing red light for the rest of the world . Read CNN Opinion 's Flipboard magazine .	Russia says Kim Jong Un has canceled trip to Moscow Frida Ghitis : Gauging Kim 's state of mind no easy task
CNN  -- The pilot of a Boeing 737 was in the cockpit , preparing to take off with 101 passengers , when police arrested him for flying with a fake pilot 's license , investigators said . The 41-year-old Swedish man was poised to fly on Tuesday night from Amsterdam , in the Netherlands , to Ankara , Turkey , when investigators "  caught the pilot red-handed during his flight preparation , " according to a statement from the Dutch National Police Services Agency . Authorities charged him with forgery and flying without a valid license , the statement said . It 's apparently not the first time the man , whose identity was not divulged , has tried to fly without a license . Investigators in Sweden charged the man several years ago with flying with a fake license , but they did not pursue the case because they could n't find him , said Anders Lundblad , a spokesman for the Swedish Transport Agency . The Swedes got a tip recently that the man was flying for a Turkish company and that he would soon be in the Netherlands , Lundblad said . They passed that information to Dutch police , which led to the pilot 's arrest at the Schiphol airport in Amsterdam . The man said he had flown for 13 years for companies in Belgium , Great Britain and Italy , the Dutch police said , though it was unclear whether he had a license for all or part of that time . He recently had a valid license to fly small commercial airplanes , but that license had expired and would not have allowed him to fly passenger aircraft , the Dutch statement said . Lundblad also said the man once had a valid pilot 's license . "  Why he never renewed it I guess only he knows , " he said . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Claudia Rebazza contributed to this report .	41-year-old Swedish man poised to fly from Amsterdam to Ankara Authorities charged him with forgery and flying without a valid license Swedish investigators charged man several years ago with flying with a fake license
Rafael Villares is a talented Cuban artist who appears to work effortlessly in mediums such as painting and sculpture . But for years , he has had an even more ambitious project in mind , one that seems like a fantasy from a Gabriel Garcia Marquez novel . "  The idea would be to follow in the footsteps of the first explorers to Cuba and photograph the northern and southern coasts to create one panoramic image , " he said . "  It would be one horizon , so you ca n't tell if it 's an island or a continent . It 's a search to capture Cuba 's geography in 2012 . " Villares never attempted his journey though , and not just because of the immense logistical challenges and government restrictions . His biggest obstacle was there was zero funding available for the trip . While artists abound in Cuba , they , like everyone else , face constant shortages in materials and a United States economic embargo that complicates the sale of their work . But now , two years after scrapping his plans to travel and photograph the island , Villares has the $ 1,300 he needs for his journey . The funds came from an unexpected source , a website called Yagruma . Named for a tree native to Cuba , Yagruma is the first crowd-funding website aimed at helping artists finance projects in Cuba . "  Everyone 's talking about Yagruma , " Villares said . "  That 's the fun part , how it 's getting buzz among young artists who have ideas for projects but do n't have the funds to do them . " On Yagruma , artists approved by the website 's creators upload a sample of their work -- a challenge itself given the island 's scarce and mostly dial-up Internet . Yagruma then publishes their work along with their biography , a description of their next project and a request for contributions . The artists typically wait about 30 days as donations trickle in . As with many crowd-funding sites , only projects that are fully financed receive Yagruma 's backing . The website keeps 5 % of the funds to cover operating costs . So far , Yagruma has financed five projects and has another 10 in various stages of fundraising . The projects range from a documentary on an iconic Cuban song to a stop-motion short film of a man being chased by scissors and a straight razor . Site creators say the artists they feature express themselves freely and represent the incredible variety of Cuba 's independent art scene . "  The way people use Yagruma so far has exceeded my expectations , " said Ubaldo Huerta , one of the site 's co-creators along with fellow Cuban Hiram Centelles Rodriguez . "  I see people who understand how to use it perfectly and how to compete for funding , present a project to attract backers and very quickly learn . " Huerta and Rodriguez live in Spain but are drawn to the notion that the Internet can improve the lives of Cubans back home . An earlier site they collaborated on , El Revolico , is the closest thing Cuba has to Craigslist . Even though the site is blocked by the government , Cubans still find ways to access El Revolico so they can sell cars , houses and just about everything else . Huerta said he is concerned that Yagruma might also run afoul with authorities . "  In Cuba , everything in a way is mediated by the government , the cultural establishment , " he said . "  We are more than happy to talk with the government if they show an interest in who we are , how the site works . " Yagruma , he said , is a rare example of what many Cubans on both sides of the Florida straits say they seek to accomplish : reconciliation . "  What I am hoping is to foster creativity in Cuba to create a bridge between Cubans like me in the diaspora and Cubans on the island , " Huerta said . "  It costs us nothing to shell out $ 20 - $ 30 , and it goes a long way in Cuba . " From his small art studio in the apartment he shares with his relatives , Villares is already at work trying to stretch the funds he received from Yagruma . He is excited "  to see the whole country , travel all of Cuba -- not just know it from outside , but meet the fishermen , the farmers who live there , the out-of-the-way places ... all the places in Cuba that you do n't even imagine . " Villares is hoping to begin traveling the island this summer , when the ocean is calmer . Until then , he researches the software and cameras he could use to create a sprawling panorama of the island . And when he finally completes the odyssey , Villares will upload his finished work to Yagruma , in the hopes of attracting more financing for Cuba 's independent artists .	Because of the U.S. embargo , many young artists in Cuba are n't able to finance their work But a website called Yagruma is making it easy for people to donate to Cuban art projects Yagruma 's co-creator hopes it will "  create a bridge " between Cubans inside , outside Cuba
Editor 's note : Journalist Karl Penhaul spent several weeks tracking the gangs of the Mexican underworld , the corrupt officials who support them and the cops trying to halt the violence . Mexico police round up gang suspects in Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . CAMARGO , Mexico  CNN  -- There are no welcome signs on the approach to Camargo . It 's a hardscrabble Mexican border town and home turf for "  Los Zetas , " a gang of hitmen and corrupt former special forces cops on the bankroll of the Gulf Cartel . Local journalists explained if we went there we 'd be getting "  tangled up in the hooves of the horse . " They said Zeta gunmen recently smashed one reporter 's fingers with a hammer as a warning to the media to stay away . The plaza was deserted -- for a few minutes at least . Then the throb of engines broke the Sunday morning peace . Scores of pickup trucks with heavily tinted windows began circling . Occasionally a window would crack open . We were clearly being watched . A black SUV pulled up alongside the soda stand . One of the occupants stepped out . First I saw the ostrich skin cowboy boots , then the highly polished 9 mm pistol strapped to his side . It was loaded with a longer-than-usual ammunition clip , custom-made to pack extra bullets . It was a brazen flouting of Mexican law to carry a gun that way . No words . Not even a stare . But his message seemed unequivocal . Our visit to Camargo lasted just 20 minutes . Taking the strong hint , we immediately left town . Much as we wanted to explore the underbelly of the drug war raging in Mexico , it was clear the capos , or bosses , and their hired guns were in no mood to talk . Their business thrives best in the shadows . Our best chance of getting some insight was to track down a cast of peripheral characters who live in the gray areas , somewhere between the extremes of right and wrong . The hospitality was little better in nearby Miguel Aleman . Customers , even an argumentative drunk , fell silent as we ordered a beer in a dingy cantina . A couple of tired-looking prostitutes retreated to a far corner . They may have been down on their luck but they knew talking to outsiders was n't worth the cost . Here the Zetas are well-known for enforcing their law of silence at gunpoint . Watch Mexican cops on the hunt for gang members " Along this stretch of the border Los Zetas are kings . From here their bloody reach stretches far across Mexico and deep into Central America . They run immigrant smuggling , drug trafficking , prostitution rackets , video piracy and local politics . In the glitzy industrial city of Monterrey , we met a marijuana dealer smoking his own merchandise in the bathroom of a dance club . The man , whom we ca n't name for his safety , explained how he had been recruited at gunpoint two years earlier by the Zetas to be what they call a "  landowner "  terrateniente in Spanish  -- in charge of cocaine distribution in a handful of neighborhoods . He said Zeta gunmen bundled him into a truck and with assault rifles aimed at his head they gave him three options -- pay them $ 100,000 , begin working for them or die . Over the next few days , he said , the same gunmen scared off or killed rival drug dealers , leaving him in charge of what he said was a $ 4,000-a-day business . It all ended , he said , when Mexican soldiers kicked down his door . He was never detained but his cover was blown . Local Zeta commanders thanked him for not ratting on them by giving him permission to retire from the business . But recently he 's gone into business for himself selling $ 2 bags of pot . He realizes working independently of the Zetas may be fatal . "  Maybe I 'm stupid or something , but I do n't know how to do anything else . If they catch me it 's simple , they 'll kill me . It 's just not allowed to work freelance , " he said . An old friend of mine in Monterrey knew the marijuana peddler well and vouched for his story . He never made good on his promise to give us a recorded account . He went on a 24-hour drug binge . When we caught up with him again he was smoking crack , sweating profusely and paranoid his former paymasters would exact revenge . Mexico 's tit-for-tat vendettas look like uncontrolled chaos . Mob assassins are no longer content with efficient execution-style killings . Sinaloa cartel hitmen regularly place pig masks on the faces of their Juarez cartel victims . And in a grim seasonal touch , killers in Juarez decapitated a cop and placed a Father Christmas hat on his severed head . But in a sidewalk cafe in Guadalajara , "  Jose " explains there is a clearly defined set of narco-rules that must be followed . A small-time Latin American cocaine trafficker I 've known for years introduced me to Jose . Jose is old school . He tells me he 's been in the cocaine trade since the early 1980s almost since it began , has worked internationally and done a stretch in prison "  From the outside it might look like the cartels are just going around killing people . But on the inside there 's a code of conduct , rules . You might not want to kill somebody but you have to because it 's all about respect , " he said . "  This can not work if there 's no respect . Above all , the capos use logic to solve the problems . " Jose added that he believed groups of corrupt officials and law enforcement officers were using the militarization of the border region not as a means to crush the drug cartels but as a way of forcing them to pay a bigger slice of the drug profits as bribes . "  The authorities and the cartels use the rule of 10 . By that I mean for every 10 kilos of cocaine we move , we have to give three to the authorities and keep seven for ourselves , " he explained . "  When times are bad the authorities may arrest somebody or grab an entire consignment and that 's a way for forcing up their percentage take . " Jose 's assertion might seem like feverish conspiracy theory if it were n't for the growing list of Mexican officials , ranging from local cops and foot soldiers to generals and men at the highest levels of law enforcement , who 've been busted for allegedly profiting from the drug trade . In November , Mexico 's former drug czar was detained on suspicion that he may have accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers . He had been in charge of the attorney general 's office that specializes in combating organized crime .	"  Los Zetas " gang of hitmen and ex-cops run rackets from U.S. border across Mexico Reporter lasts just 20 minutes in town before message became clear : Leave now Drug dealers reveal the rules of the cartel killers and how officials are also profiting
CNN  -- Court officials have released the chilling audiotapes that prosecutors say depict convicted child rapist Warren Jeffs training the girls he claimed were his "  spiritual wives " to have sex with him . The audiotapes , that were key pieces of evidence in Jeffs ' trial , brought some jurors to tears during Jeffs ' trial . Last week , a Texas jury sentenced Jeffs to life in prison for aggravated sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl and 20 years in prison for the sexual assault of a 15-year-old girl . Jeffs , 55 , had perverted his position as the head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to "  satisfy his own personal appetites and desires , " prosecutor Eric Nichols said . Jeffs talks about those desires on audiotapes that authorities seized from his car and the church 's Yearning For Zion Ranch compound in Eldorado , Texas . The tapes , that were obtained by many media outlets including the Salt Lake Tribune and CNN affiliate KSTU on Thursday , contain what prosecutors say is evidence of Jeffs instructing underage girls to have sex with him . At one point , Jeffs is heard saying God instructs "  for quorums of wives to be with me , to assist me . To be a comfort . Yes , even physically . " Several times , Jeffs refers to having sexual relations with him as "  heavenly sessions , " and he instructed the young ladies that they also "  must assist each other " during these sessions . "  You have to know how to be excited sexually , " Jeffs said . "  The Lord has intended that my ladies , all of my ladies be trained . " During Jeffs ' trial , an FBI agent read from a journal that Jeffs kept in which prosecutors say prove he knew his behavior would be frowned upon . Jeffs allegedly wrote : "  Things are happening so quickly . There is an even younger girl that the Lord wants me to take . She is 13 . For some reason , the Lord is sending me these girls that can be worked with . " Jeffs also wrote : "  If the world knew what I was doing , they would hang me from the highest tree , " according to evidence presented in court .	The tapes were key pieces of evidence in the sexual assault trial of Warren Jeffs Jeffs , a polygamist sect leader , was convicted of sexually assaulting a 12 and 15-year-old Jeffs refers to having sexual relations with him as "  heavenly sessions " ` The Lord has intended that my ladies , all of my ladies be trained , " Jeffs says
New York  CNN  -- Jean S. Harris , the headmistress whose trial for the murder of the "  Scarsdale Diet " doctor captured the attention of a nation with its details of sex and infidelity , has died , her son said Friday . She was 89 . Harris died in her sleep Sunday at a retirement community in New Haven , Connecticut , her son James said . When she was arrested for the March 10 , 1980 , shooting death of longtime lover Herman Tarnower , the celebrity doctor behind the best-selling book "  The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet , " the case ignited a national debate about whether she was a woman scorned or a victim of abuse . Harris claimed she had driven to Tarnower 's house to see him one last time and then kill herself , but accidentally shot him four times during a struggle for the gun . Feminists rallied to her defense , painting the case as that of an aging woman being pushed aside by her lover in favor of a younger woman . The prosecution and her critics said it was a case of jealousy . More than a hundred journalists reportedly turned out to cover the trial , which lasted 14 weeks . Harris met Tarnower in 1966 , shortly after she divorced her husband . She was 43 . Tarnower was 55 . At the time of the killing , she was the headmistress of Madeira School , a private , exclusive all-girls school . During the trial , it was revealed that Tarnower once asked Harris to marry him and then changed his mind because he could not stop seeing other women . Harris accepted Tarnower 's position and stayed with him for nearly 14 years . It was during their time together that Tarnower , a cardiologist with a practice in the New York City suburb of Scarsdale , wrote a book touting the benefits of a high-protein , low-fat diet . The book became a bestseller and earned Tarnower millions . During the trial , Harris testified for more than a week about her relationship with Tarnower and the events that led up to the shooting . On the night of the shooting , she said she drove to his house and found him asleep . Then she saw a woman 's nightgown and hair curlers and grew enraged after realizing they belonged to Tarnower 's 37-year-old nurse , who he had begun taking to parties and other events in Harris ' place . According to transcripts , Harris said she pulled her gun out to shoot herself in front on him . When he tried to stop her , she testified , the gun went off . Tarnower was shot four times . The case generated a number of books and two television movies : "  The People Vs. Jean Harris " in 1981 and "  Mrs. Harris " in 2006 . Harris was convicted by a jury in 1981 of second-degree murder and was sentenced to 15 years to life . She served nearly 12 years before being granted clemency in 1992 by then-New York Gov. Mario Cuomo because of health problems . At her sentencing , she denied murdering Tarnower , saying she loved him . After her release , she established a foundation that raised money for the children of women in prison in New York . In addition to James , she is survived by another son , David . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Jean S. Harris was convicted in 1981 of killing her longtime lover , Dr. Herman Tarnower Tarnower wrote a best-selling book touting the benefits of a high-protein , low-fat diet The case ignited a national debate about Harris and the shooting She claimed she accidentally killed Tarnower in a struggle for a gun
CNN  -- On Friday , October 17 , Alex Badeh , Nigeria 's most senior military official , announced in the Nigerian capital Abuja that "  a ceasefire agreement has been concluded " with the terrorist group Boko Haram . "  I have accordingly directed the -LSB- military -RSB- chiefs to ensure immediate compliance with this development in the field , " he said . More than one government official followed up with claims that the release of the more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in April was one of the concessions extracted from the terrorist group as part of the truce . Now , more than three weeks later , there 's nothing to suggest that Boko Haram is keen on peace . A video released on November 1 shows a man believed to be sect leader Abubakar Shekau denouncing the so-called deal and vowing to continue the campaign of terror . The abducted girls , Shekau taunts , "  are in their marital homes . " The sect has also continued to attack and capture towns and villages in the north east -- including , a week ago , Air Marshal Badeh 's home town . Recent history -- a long line of failed attempts to negotiate with , or pacify , Boko Haram -- should have inspired some wariness on the part of the government . In 2011 , Kashim Shettima , then Governor-Elect of Borno , the state worst-hit by the violence , said his government would "  offer them amnesty as long as they lay down their arms and embrace peace . " The offer was rejected by someone who claimed to be a spokesperson for the sect , for two reasons ; "  first we do not believe in the Nigerian constitution and secondly we do not believe in democracy but only in the laws of Allah . " A few months later , former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo travelled to Maiduguri , where the group started out from more than a decade ago , to discuss with the family of Mohammed Yusuf , the sect 's founder  whose controversial death in police custody in 2009 triggered the sect 's bloody uprising  . Barely 48 hours after the meeting , the man who hosted Obasanjo on behalf of the family was shot dead by unknown gunmen . In April 2013 the Federal Government set up a "  Presidential Committee on the Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Conflicts in Northern Nigeria . " Days later a man claiming to be a Boko Haram spokesperson rejected the amnesty . This was followed by a Hausa language audio recording released to journalists in which a man purporting to be sect leader Abu Shekau , said : "  We are the ones to grant them pardon . Have you forgotten their atrocities against us ? " Nonetheless , the government pushed ahead with the plan ; the head of the committee announced a ceasefire in July . As 2013 came to an end , Boko Haram intensified its activities , culminating in the abduction of the schoolgirls this April . Around July this year , presumably inspired by ISIS , it started to seize -- and hold -- territory . It was against this alarming backdrop that the news of the latest ceasefire emerged , to much relief from around the world . Now that the ceasefire deal has proven to be a sham , several questions linger : What did the government do to verify the legitimacy of the Boko Haram negotiator ? What was the plan regarding the swathes of Nigerian territory seized and held by Boko Haram , pre-ceasefire ? And , most importantly , why did the federal government , aware of how every previous talk of a ceasefire has turned out , fail to exercise greater caution with this latest one , even in the face of valid concerns by those who should know . The answer to the last question may be found in the fact of Nigeria 's brutal , winner-takes-all politics . In the general elections forthcoming early next year , President Jonathan will be seeking a second and final term . It should have been a walkover for the incumbent , as presidential elections traditionally are in these parts . But a potential game-changer emerged last year : a merger of Nigeria 's leading opposition parties -- producing arguably the strongest and most determined opposition alliance a Nigerian ruling party has ever faced . Both parties have stridently sought to capitalize on the Nigeria 's dire security situation in northeastern Nigeria ; the ruling Peoples Democratic Party  PDP  by alleging that the opposition All Progressives Congress  APC  is sympathetic to Boko Haram and is sponsoring the insurgency to undermine Mr. Jonathan 's government , and the APC by highlighting the success of Boko Haram as evidence of the incompetence of President Goodluck Jonathan and his government . When the news broke -- at a time when opposition presidential candidates were launching their campaigns , and when speculation was rife that the President was due to declare his own bid soon -- more than a few people saw it as a move by a beleaguered government to counter allegations of incompetence , and shore up its image . The release of the abducted girls would no doubt have boosted Mr. Jonathan 's re-election chances . It seems likely that it is this obsession with the approaching elections that fueled the government 's shocking gullibility in this matter ; allowing it to be hoodwinked into going to town with news of a deal swathed in red flags . The fact that no room was left for doubt or caution is shocking , considering that it is open knowledge that Boko Haram , far from possessing a unified command , is actually a chain of factions varying widely in motivation and method , presumably "  too fragmented to present a common front for dialogue . " The government 's blindness -- willful or otherwise -- to that fact should alarm us all . But it 's not very surprising . At every turn the Nigerian government -- everything from the president 's office , to the military , and intelligence services -- has demonstrated that it is as confused as the rest of us . We see this not just in the desperation , at the highest levels , to believe anything regardless of how implausible it sounds , but also in the supremely careless manner in which information regarding the crisis continues to be managed . If the past is anything to go by , I 'm certain we have n't seen the last of the "  ceasefire " announcements .	On October 17 , Nigeria 's government announced a truce with Boko Haram Officials said the deal would see more than 200 girls abducted by the group in April freed But a video emerged of Boko Haram 's leader denying a truce had been agreed Tolu Ogunlesi says the government 's election focus allowed it to be hoodwinked
CNN  -- Three Maryland teenagers were arrested on Sunday in Baltimore after authorities found they possessed 70 boxes of ammunition belonging to the U.S. Air Marshals The surprising discovery started early Sunday morning with patrol officers checking a parked black Chevy that appeared to have hit a curb . The vehicle had its lights off , and the three suspects were sitting inside , police said . The officers found 70 boxes of ammunition that are for law enforcement use only , according to a police report . None of the suspects could justify their possession of the ammunition , the report said , adding that the driver -- 18-year-old Brandon Michael Shreve of Linthicum , Maryland -- gave the police consent to the vehicle search . Officers also found bolt cutters , flashlights , latex gloves and other auto parts inside the vehicle , according to the report . Police said that Shreve later admitted he had broken into a trailer . Both the trailer and the recovered ammunition belong to the U.S. Air Marshals , police added . Shreve also admitted to breaking into a Ford Mustang vehicle , according to the police . All three suspects -- including two others ages 15 and 16 -- have been charged , police said . Under most circumstances , CNN 's policy is not to name juveniles accused of crimes .	70 boxes of ammunition are discovered in an early Sunday morning search The ammunition was found in a parked vehicle in Baltimore Three teenagers , including an 18-year-old driver , were inside the vehicle , police said Charges have been filed against all suspects
Washington  CNN  -- Five weeks before the November midterm elections , voters give Democrats an edge over Republicans , according to a CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday . But the poll also indicates most of Democrats ' gains are coming from the Northeast and not from the parts of the country where they 're locked in tight contests that could give Republicans control of the Senate . In a generic ballot among likely voters , Democrats edged out Republicans 47-45 % , a 6-point swing from a CNN poll three weeks ago when likely voters favored the Republicans by a 4-point margin . The Democrats ' advantage is within the poll 's 3.5 % margin of error . The "  generic ballot " question which asks Americans to choose between an unnamed Democrat and an unnamed Republican in their vote for U.S. House , suggests a shift toward the Democrats nationally , if not in key races in key states . The poll comes a week after the U.S. launched airstrikes against ISIS in Syria , and while poll respondents overwhelmingly think the economy is the more important issue , they gave Congress low marks for how it handled the ISIS threat and have more faith in President Barack Obama than GOP leaders to set the military policy to deal with the militant Islamist group . "  That may explain why the Democrats have gained strength on the national "  generic ballot " question , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . Democrats gained the most ground among men and independent voters , two key groups that could help Democrats in competitive races this November . Men took a 7-point swing toward Democrats from the previous poll , bringing the party within 6 points of Republicans ' 49 % support . "  That may be a sign that some men wanted to see aggressive action taken against ISIS and are rewarding the President 's party -- or simply that the President 's actions have convinced men that they do n't need to send more Republicans to Washington in order to get action that they are looking for , " Holland said . Republicans also lost support among independents as Democrats saw a 7-point bump , giving them a 44-42 % advantage over rivals . And while the traction for Democrats comes in the wake of an expanded military campaign ordered by Obama , roughly two out of three Americans said the economy is more important than military action against ISIS in determining who they 'll vote for in the midterms . Those numbers reveal a different mindset than in the lead up to the Iraq War , when 49 % said in September 2002 the possibility of war with Iraq was a more important factor than the economy . That may be because most Americans , 59 % , do n't consider the conflict with ISIS to be a war , according to a CNN/ORC poll released Monday . Americans remain unsatisfied with Congress 's handling of the situation with ISIS : 60 % of Americans said they disapprove , just weeks after members of Congress absconded from Capitol Hill without a vote on military action against ISIS to campaign for reelection in their districts . But maybe that 's not such a bad mark for Congress , given that 83 % said in the CNN/ORC poll three weeks ago that they disapproved of how Congress was handling its job overall .	Democrats edged out Republicans 47 % to 45 % in generic ballot 60 % of Americans disapprove of how Congress handled the war with ISIS The economy is more important than military action against ISIS among voters by a 2-1 margin
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales said Wednesday he does not regret expelling the U.S. ambassador last year , maintaining again that the envoy was plotting with opposition politicians . Bolivian President Evo Morales maintains the U.S. ambassador was plotting against Morales ' government . Bolivia declared U.S. Ambassador Philip Goldberg persona non grata in September and ordered him to leave . Goldberg denied that he encouraged anti-government demonstrators to commit violent acts . "  I do n't regret having expelled the ambassador , Mr. Goldberg , " Morales said in an exclusive interview Wednesday with CNN en Español . "  And now , with the events we are seeing and we are finding , it is confirmed that he was conspiring against the government , conspiring against the national territory . He is an expert in dividing countries , with external groups and in Bolivia . " Morales also expelled a lower-level U.S. diplomat last month , accusing him of contacting opposition groups . Morales indicated Wednesday , however , that he is open to reviewing the issue since President Obama is in office . "  With the new times , " he said , "  we expect to improve diplomatic relations . So we have to revise our politics . You ca n't conspire against us nor blackmail us . But if there 's mutual respect , welcome . " Morales also said an assassination plot against him and other government officials that he alleged last week was real . Three gunmen were killed and two others were arrested Thursday after a 30-minute firefight in the city of Santa Cruz . At least two of the gunmen were foreigners , Bolivian authorities said . Morales said last week he had been aware of the assassination plot , which was verified after the arrest of the gunmen . Opposition politicians expressed doubt about the plot , saying Morales had made similar allegations in the past based on flimsy evidence . The gunmen , he said Wednesday , wanted "  to take power violently and also undemocratically . But also , if they could not take power , divide a region of the country . ... And for that , they had to take lives . " Morales did not mention who might want to divide the country , but five resource-rich eastern regions and the eastern province of Gran Chaco have been seeking greater autonomy . Earlier Wednesday , Morales addressed the United Nations in observance of Earth Day . He called for the nations of the world to accept a set of principles that would protect the planet 's resources and "  right to life . " Morales , the first indigenous president in Bolivia 's history , told the U.N. General Assembly that people can not put their interests above those of the Earth . "  Not just human beings have rights , but the planet has rights , " he said . "  What 's happening with climate change is that the rights of Mother Earth are not being respected . " Telling the U.N. delegates that "  we have the challenge to agree on a universal declaration for the rights of Mother Earth , " Morales outlined four principles that he asked them to consider : Morales pointed out how indigenous people in Bolivia have rites and rituals to honor the Earth . "  We now must begin to realize that the Earth does not belong to us , " he said . "  It 's the other way around . We belong to the Earth . " Earth Day was started in 1970 in the United States as a way to bring awareness to the ecological problems plaguing the planet . It is celebrated in many parts of the world .	NEW : Bolivia 's Evo Morales says ordering ambassador to leave was right move NEW : Morales open to reviewing stances now that Barack Obama is president Morales speaking on Earth Day : People ca n't put their interests above Earth With climate change , "  rights of Mother Earth are not being respected , " Morales says
CNN  -- For decades , comic books have had major shake-ups in their pages , with varying degrees of fan support -- and outrage . In 1992 , well before the advent of social media , Superman was killed and comic books went flying off the shelves . In 2007 , social media like Facebook and Twitter were in their infancy when Captain America died . And now -- due in part to the abundance of social media and the intense interest in Spider-Man 's alter ego , Peter Parker -- a firestorm has erupted , after Marvel revealed that Parker will die , and the role of Spider-Man will be taken over by his archenemy , Doctor Octopus . The just-released "  Amazing Spider-Man " # 700 marks the end of one of the most popular comic book series of all time after 50 years . All parties involved maintain that the changes are quite permanent , and next month the saga begins anew with the release of "  The Superior Spider-Man " # 1 , with the Doc , Otto Octavius , stepping into the Spidey suit . Otto believes that with the combination of his intelligence and Parker 's inherited memories and spider powers , he can be an uber-Spider-Man . He can live Parker 's life better than Peter could -- from fighting crime to getting back together with on-again , off-again girlfriend Mary Jane Watson . When issue # 700 was leaked early , fan reaction -- both positive and negative -- went into overdrive , with a few death threats directed at the issue 's writer , Dan Slott . Slott reacted on his Twitter and Facebook by saying he would report any threats : "  Reality check : There is NO such thing as a ` funny death threat . ' Especially if you TAG someone in it . " Slott later noted that the reactions were getting more civil , as time went on . Comic book reader calls the new Spider-Man ` inferior ' CNN spoke separately to Slott and to Marvel editor Stephen Wacker about the controversial comic . CNN : Why did you choose Doc Ock as the next Spider-Man ? Dan Slott : When we first met Peter Parker , he was a teenage bespectacled nerd who resented all the other kids . One of his first lines was , "  Some day I 'll show them all ! Some day they 'll be sorry they ever laughed at me . " That 's not something a hero would say . If Peter had never learned the lesson of "  great power and great responsibility , " there 's every chance he would have become a supervillain . And then you have Otto Octavius , a bespectacled scientist who , after his radioactive accident , became the eight-legged Doctor Octopus . For all intents and purposes , he was the adult Peter could have become , Spider-Man 's dark reflection . So what if we flipped it ? What if we gave him a second chance ? Peter 's final , heroic act was giving Doc all the memories and experiences that kept him on the right path . But is that enough ? Can that overcome Ock 's true nature ? CNN : How did this idea originate ? Stephen Wacker : This was an idea Dan had when he came onto the book . It changed shape as we went . It was n't originally going to be in the 700th issue , but as the story grew , we realized maybe it was time to change up the makeup of Spider-Man for good , to make a permanent change . With that and the fact that the 50th anniversary was approaching , we thought , let 's go out with a bang . CNN : Did the word spread around Marvel quickly when this was first discussed ? Wacker : Three times a year we have editorial retreats , where we bring in our writers and discuss every single book . Anytime we talk about Spider-Man , it 's a big deal . There were certainly some loud opinions in the room . Our editor-in-chief , Axel Alonso , was one of the louder voices not buying it originally . All the things Axel poked at toughened the story up and made us look at things differently . CNN : Was that a sneak preview of how fans might react ? Wacker : The fan reaction never really surprises me . Anything you do with any of our characters , there 's a big vocal fan base , particularly online . It gets more magnified with Spidey . You find people of all stripes reacting -- people who have been reading it for 50 years and love it , and others who say they 're quitting Marvel forever . I keep all the fan mail . You can see some of the same people who have written about six things over the past six years that made them drop Marvel forever . There are not a lot of storytelling opportunities in the world where you get such an immediate , visceral reaction . That 's a part of the job I like . Slott : I 've actually gotten a fair amount of "  This is awesome ! "  reactions to the story  , but it 's been very polarizing . No one has a middling review . No one has a take of , "  It was all right . " People are very split . I got an angry tweet saying , "  I do n't like seeing bad things happen to good people . " I 'm like , good luck reading Charles Dickens , Mark Twain -- anything in literature ! Now people are saying , "  Nooooo ! Why are you being mean to  Peter  ? " The answer is two words : "  Dra . Ma . " CNN : Have you learned anything in dealing with the reaction to this particular issue on social media ? Slott : We have the most passionate fans in the world ! Everyone knows who Spider-Man is -- and everyone cares about him ! In the world of comics , thanks to  newspaper publisher  J. Jonah Jameson , everyone thinks he 's a menace . But in our world , he 's beloved . Now we 're going to flip that too . The readers are Jonah . They are n't ready to cut this guy a break . They think he 's a menace ! This is going to be the most meta Spider-Man of them all ! And going from everything I 've seen on social media , I am so up for that challenge !	"  Amazing Spider-Man " # 700 is latest comic book to court controversy The just-released issue has plot developments that radically change the Spidey-verse ` Amazing ' writer has received extreme reactions , positive and negative , from fans online
CNN  Seven minutes after an Aurora , Colorado , theatergoer called 911 to report a massacre in progress , suspect James Holmes surrendered to police , a dozen dead bodies allegedly in his wake . On Monday , jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty . Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . Jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the July 20 , 2012 , shooting -- namely , evidence that appears to show Holmes planned his attack , even going so far as to buy his movie ticket 12 days before , along with police allegations that officers who arrived to search Holmes ' apartment had to navigate booby traps incorporating gasoline and grenades . According to police , Holmes attended the midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises " at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater but left through a rear door alongside the movie screen , propping it open behind him . Holmes returned in "  head-to-toe protective gear , " including a gas mask , about 18 minutes into the movie , police said , and threw two tear gas canisters into the theater before opening fire with an AR-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one .40 - caliber handgun . The attack killed 12 people and wounded another 70 , a level of violence not seen in Colorado since the Columbine High School shooting . Five days later , authorities discovered a package in a University of Colorado-Denver mail room that police say Holmes apparently sent . Colorado authorities had no previous contact with Holmes , outside of a 2011 speeding summons , and he graduated in 2010 from the University of California , Riverside , with highest honors and a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience . He enrolled as a doctoral candidate in the University of Colorado School of Medicine 's neuroscience program in 2011 but dropped out the following year without providing a reason , according to a university spokeswoman . Holmes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges , but there have already been some notable legal battles in the run-up to the actual trial . In March 2013 , Holmes offered to plead guilty so he could avoid the death penalty , a deal the district attorney declined . A few months later , a judge ruled that Holmes had to be restrained during the trial , via a hidden harness anchored to the floor . The defense filed an objection , conceding that Holmes exacted the violence but blaming his actions on mental illness . "  Mr. Holmes suffers from a severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life and injuries sustained by movie goers on July 20 , 2012 , " the motion said . Judge Carlos Samour last year ordered Holmes to submit to an additional sanity exam , saying that the previous test , conducted in 2013 at the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo , was "  incomplete and inadequate . " Jury selection began in January , and after a four-month process , 12 jurors and alternates , composed of 19 women and five men , were selected .	James Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in the 2012 theater shooting His trial begins Monday , and Homes faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder
CNN  -- Chaos and a lack of communication are common threads among American survivors ' stories of the Costa Concordia sinking , and making it to shore was only the beginning of a long ordeal for passengers trying to get home . Melissa Goduti of Wallingford , Connecticut , boarded the ship about three hours before it ran aground Friday night , killing at least 11 passengers . "  All of a sudden , the boat leaned over like on a 70-degree angle , and everything just started falling -- dishes were falling , trash cans were falling , everything was falling , " Goduti told CNN affiliate CTNow . "  Then the lights went out and everything was blacked , out and then the lights came back on . " Lynn Kaelin of Puyallup , Washington , told CNN affiliate KCPQ that it was "  like having the Titanic without the water gushing through . " "  I called my husband , not knowing if I 'd see him again , " she said . "  I thought we were going to die . " There were no announcements for a long time , and Goduti and her mother did n't see signs directing them toward lifeboats . "  We were running around trying to ask what floor the lifeboats were on , and all the crew kept saying is , ` you do n't need them , you 're fine , everything is fine , we just got hit by a big wave , ' " Goduti told CTNow . "  All they kept saying was it 's a generator issue , just a generator issue and that the boat was floating along and just needed to get stabilized , " she said . Nancy Lofaro of New Rochelle , New York , said the crew tried to do what they could , "  but when we asked them , they said they had no information . They just did n't have any information to give us . " Lofaro estimates the first announcement came 30 to 40 minutes after the ship ran aground . Goduti and her mother feel lucky they found a lifeboat . "  When our lifeboat dropped , it dropped . It was n't an easy letdown by any means , but at least we got into the water and were safe , which is a lot better than , unfortunately , some people , " she said . Costa staff in Lofaro 's lifeboat were debating who would drive the boat , and they did n't seem to know what to do , she said . Joan Fleser of Duanesburg , New York , seconds that opinion , calling the crew "  inexperienced and untrained . " In a letter to passengers , Costa Cruises CEO Pier Luigi Foschi disputes that assessment : "  The crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly in an extremely difficult situation and succeeded -- despite the terribly demanding conditions -- in evacuating more than 4,000 people in the shortest possible time : we are proud of our commitment and dedication to your safety . " He goes on to outline crew training , safety procedures and regulatory oversight . Survivors of the disaster say the scene on land was equally chaotic . Fleser said the lifeboat ride to the Tuscan island of Giglio was the last she saw of Costa Cruises employees until she , her husband and daughter reached a hotel in Rome on Saturday . The people of the island came out in force to help the stranded travelers , and a local priest opened up the church . Fleser and her family stayed at the home of a local family overnight . "  The people of the island were wonderful , " Fleser said . Nancy Lofaro and her husband wandered around on shore , finding a church , a local cafe and a small hotel all packed . "  There was no organization . There was nobody , and the staff was in shock as much as we were . There were no announcements . We saw Costa people ... walking around with a bullhorn , not using it , " Lofaro said . Fleser and her family were herded onto a ferry to the mainland the morning after the wreck , "  but we had no idea where we were going . " Triage doctors , members of the coast guard , the Red Cross and other volunteer organizations met the cruise passengers and took them to a local school , where more local services were provided . Her daughter received a pair of sneakers there because she was still wearing high heels from the night before , Fleser said . The family then boarded a bus to Rome , where they were dropped off at a hotel . "  The Marriott had no idea we were coming . All these refugee boat people land on their front door , and they say , ` Who are you ? But we 'll take care of you , ' " Fleser said . There were two Costa cruise representatives at the hotel , "  but every time we asked them if they could do something for us , they said they had no authority , " she said . The cruise line did pay for food , the hotel and their airfare home , Fleser said , although they booked them on a flight to Albany , Georgia , instead of Albany , New York -- a mistake the family discovered in the Atlanta airport . "  Oh my god , we were just ready to lose it at that point . " More than 1,100 Costa employees have been working to assist passengers and crew since Friday night , Foschi said in his letter to passengers . The CEO of Costa 's parent company , Carnival Corp. , pledged support to passengers : "  I give my personal assurance that we will take care of each and every one of our guests , crew and their families affected by this tragic event , " Micky Arison said in a statement . Before Fleser and her family could make the journey home , they needed new passports to replace those lost on the sinking ship . The U.S. Embassy 's response was a big disappointment , Fleser said . "  Other than getting our temporary passports , they gave us no assistance whatsoever . No food , no clothes , no money , no transportation . They told us to borrow some money , get a cab , come on down . " A hotel shuttle took Fleser and other Americans to the embassy , she said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the agency arranged with the cruise line to have American passengers transported to a Rome hotel and to the embassy for documents . More than 100 emergency passports have been issued to stranded travelers . "  We also provided all kinds of advice , telephone contacts to families , helped families create travel funds , provided them with passport photos , warm clothes , there were even a couple of families that needed diapers , " she said during a State Department briefing Wednesday . Fleser and her family arrived home shortly after midnight Tuesday . They received a voicemail from Costa saying the family would be reimbursed for the cruise and articles lost on the ship , she said , but the message did n't offer details of how those amounts would be determined . In addition to arranging lodging , transportation and counseling for passengers , Costa will address possessions lost on board and is in the process of refunding cruise fares and costs incurred while on board , the company said in a statement .	U.S. passengers tell stories of "  inexperienced , untrained " crew Costa CEO : "  Crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly " New York woman disappointed in U.S. Embassy response Passengers to receive refunds , reimbursement for lost possessions
Mexico City  CNN  -- After awaiting reforms that may or may not come , thousands of young undocumented immigrants have abandoned their American Dream voluntarily or because they were deported . They still consider themselves DREAMers , but now they dream in Mexico . "  I returned  to Mexico  because in the U.S. I always wanted to study dentistry . When I graduated from college , I ran into the problem that my great hope , the DREAM Act , still had not been approved , " said Pedro Hernandez , who lived in Los Angeles for eight years . The DREAM Act -- Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors -- would remove a roadblock to education and a future in the United States for such youths . Undocumented immigrant youths have the right to study through high school . After that , they can study at private universities -- with high costs and without access to student loans -- or in public universities -- most of which charge them tuition at an "  out-of-state " rate , which can be double what in-state students pay . Only some states have laws allowing undocumented students to attend state universities at in-state rates . Those who manage to graduate tend to find job offers for unskilled workers , offering low wages . "  I think I returned because I know that my parents left to give us a better education , and while I was there , I felt that all of that effort was for naught if I worked as a florist , caring for someone 's baby or working at a butcher shop " 27-year-old Maru Ponce said . She immigrated to New York when she was 8 years old . Now she works in the Mexican capital as a sales operation analyst for a company and dreams of doing graduate studies in the same area . In general , undocumented immigrants in the United States can not get a driver 's license or credit cards , and can not travel freely in the country . "  I could n't move around like I wanted , and to go to school I had to drive with fear , " said Moises Zarco , 27 . Originally from Mexico 's east-central state of Hidalgo , Zarco lived in Georgia for eight years . Six states recently approved laws that allow the undocumented to have driver 's licenses . "  Everything seems nice on the surface , but you do n't really belong to that place and you 're never going to be American even if you have your papers , " said Samantha Hernandez , who voluntarily returned to her city , Tijuana . Between 2005 and 2010 , more than 1.4 million Mexicans returned to their country after living in the United States , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . It is estimated that more than 400,000 of those who returned in the past decade were youths , according to a government-supported survey . In June 2012 , President Barack Obama instituted a policy of deferred action that granted lawful status to undocumented youths who had arrived before their 16th birthdays , were in school or graduated , and had no major criminal records . The impact of returning Only 5 % to 35 % of those who returned to Mexico during the past five years and remained there did not go back voluntarily , the Pew Hispanic Center estimates . The range is wide because "  data on who is sent back and what happens to them are sketchy , " it says on its website . The majority had experienced a lack of educational and job opportunities , and increases in anti-immigrant policies , the center says , citing government data from both countries . In Zarco 's case , police stopped him on the state line between Georgia and Florida , and he was detained for being in the country illegally . He spent three months in a detention center in Miami and later returned to Mexico City , where his mother awaited . "  When I arrived I was very happy to see my family , but at the same time very sad because I had left everything behind , " he said . "  All my dreams had collapsed . " Zarco now works at a call center in Mexico City and dreams of studying dentistry at the National Autonomous University of Mexico . The majority of these youths migrated to the United States because of their parents ' decisions and more than half crossed the border illegally . Initially it was n't them , but their parents who sought the dream . "  My mother was living in the U.S. and she decided to take me there , " Zarco said . "  I did n't want to go because I did n't want to leave my friends and my relatives . " Back in Mexico , he now tries to find his own dream . In addition to having been deported or having returned voluntarily , these youths must unlearn the routines they grew into in the United States , where they spoke Spanish and ate tacos at home while they learned the American culture and honored the U.S. flag . They find themselves immersed in a bicultural reality that can create feelings of not belonging , even when they return to Mexico . "  I never felt like a U.S. citizen , I always felt like a Mexican , " said Daniel Arenas , who lived in the United States for 14 years . ` From here and from there ' While it is true that the obstacles the youth face depend on individual circumstances , "  100 % go through traumatic events because of the separation and lack of belonging , " according to Jill Anderson , author of a book called "  The Other Dreamers . " Humiliation over a supposed failure and feelings arising from the combination of culture tend to be common , Anderson said . "  It 's hard to understand that they can be both from here and from there , " she said . "  You belong to a country that you have not lived in , that you do n't know , " said Marco Antonio Castillo , president of the Popular Assembly of Migrant Families , a Mexico City-based group that helps advise migrants . The loneliness and confusion in dealing with the new environment can push many youths to join organized crime , Castillo said . "  For example , those who arrive in  the state of  Guerrero , if they have a criminal record , will not find opportunities in the formal economy , " Castillo said . "  But he can put his English to use for organized crime , acting as a translator or smuggler of drugs toward the United States . " Drowning in paperwork Anderson leads a group that shares the name of her book , whose members insist on finding the Mexican Dream and seek opportunities in their country . The group , formed by youth immigrants who returned to Mexico , was born out of the impact they suffered upon their return , feeling lost among the legal paperwork and social customs . They used a Facebook page to orient themselves on how to maneuver through the Mexican bureaucracy . Many do n't speak Spanish well and the Mexican system does n't have programs for social reinsertion . "  The migrants do n't know how to do the paperwork and to what agencies to go to , " Anderson said . "  Returning to Mexico and not speaking Spanish or dressing a certain way , or liking a certain type of music , also creates conflict , " Arenas said . To study in Mexico , the education ministry requires that all documents be translated and bear the seal of the institute that issued them . Unable to complete this step , these youths "  are treated like undocumented immigrants in their own country , " Anderson said . Sometimes , a lack of family support or economic resources keep needed paperwork from being completed . "  There are times when the schools in the United States ask for their former student to show up in person to pick up documents , even though they 've been deported , " she said . In most cases , the young immigrants left their families in the United States . They dream of returning to see them or to earn a livelihood in Mexico to bring them over . The loneliness and emotional exhaustion can bring feelings of not belonging to any place . But that is not true in every case . "  I felt that I arrived and was here in my place here in Mexico from day one , " Hernandez said . Once they adapt to Mexican society , many feel free . They enjoy not having to hide . They feel thankful for the country that once again is their home . "  It 's true , I am achieving my Mexican Dream now in this moment , but my life is incomplete , " said another youth , Pedro Hernandez . "  I am far from my family . "	More and more Mexican immigrants in the United States are returning to Mexico The so-called "  DREAMers " go back for lack of opportunities stateside They have to face challenges in reintegrating themselves to Mexico Some do n't speak Spanish well and blend cultures
CNN  -- A pro-gay marriage group can continue to picket Target stores in California but must do so 30 feet away from a store entrance , a judge has ruled . The retail giant had filed an injunction trying to keep Canvass for a Cause from picketing at its stores statewide . A California Superior Court judge in San Diego County denied that injunction but placed specific rules on what the group can do , according to court documents filed Thursday . The group can only canvas one store entrance at any given time so customers ' acces to the store is n't impeded , the judge ruled . Also , group members are not allowed to "  harass , follow , stalk , or block movements of Target 's employees , management or customers . " "  Target was denied a restraining order against Canvass for a Cause , citing there was no evidence volunteers were threatening or harassing ! This is a win , " the San Diego group said on its website . The group began picketing Target after the corporation donated $ 150,000 to MN Forward , a organization that supported the failed gubernatorial campaign of Republican Tom Emmer , who opposes same-sex marriage . Target has since apologized for the donation . Gregg Steinhafel , the company 's chairman , CEO and president , sent a letter to Target managers and employees in August . "  We remain fully committed to fostering an environment that supports and respects the rights and beliefs of all individuals , " Steinhafel wrote . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	Target filed a request for a statewide injuction against Canvass for a Cause The judge rules the group must stay 30 feet from a store entrance The group is protesting a Target donation
CNN  -- Three United Nations peacekeepers were killed in an ambush in a camp for displaced people in Sudan 's Darfur region , the global body said Tuesday . Two of the dead were soldiers ; the third was a police adviser for the joint U.N. and African Union mission in the troubled region . Another six peacekeepers were injured in the incident . They came under attack at 10:15 Monday night in the Zam Zam camp in North Darfur while the security unit was on patrol . One of the assailants was also killed , a statement from the joint mission said . It was unclear why the attack occurred . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  strongly condemns " the attack , the U.N. said in a statement . The attack was carried out by unidentified armed men while the peacekeepers were on a "  confidence-building patrol , " the statement said . Ban "  appeals to the Sudanese authorities to investigate the incident and to bring to justice the perpetrators as soon as possible , " according to the statement . The peacekeeping mission in Darfur is the world 's largest at 20,000 authorized troops . Since it began in 2008 , 33 peacekeepers have been killed . "  I condemn in the strongest terms this attack on our peacekeepers who have worked selflessly to bring security to the internally displaced persons of Zam Zam camp where so many Darfuris have sought refuge , " said Ibrahim Gambari , head of the mission . "  An attack on international peacekeepers is a war crime and we will ensure that justice will be served . " Darfur is among the most dangerous areas of operation for U.N. personnel . The region remains a tinderbox . At least 300,000 people have been killed and 2.7 million others driven from their homes as a result of fighting between Sudanese rebel groups and the Khartoum government and its allied armed militia . CNN 's James Partington contributed to the story .	The three peacekeepers were killed in an ambush The attack took place in a camp for internally displaced people in North Darfur The Darfur region remains a tinderbox
London  CNN  -- In a crime that will shock the green-fingered , a thief has made off with the tiny water lily Nymphaea thermarum -- one of the rarest plants in the world -- from a botanical gardens in London . The plant , of which only a handful of specimens still exist in the wild , was stolen from a lily pond at the famed Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew , police said . The thief is thought to have dug or pulled it from the damp , temperature-controlled mud it needs to survive . Kew Gardens is one of only two places in the world to cultivate this plant , and there were only 30 plants on display , London 's Metropolitan Police said . They cite its value as "  priceless " because of its rarity . The stolen plant may have been easier to sneak out of the botanic garden , which has its own security , because of its small size . The plant 's bright green lily pads can measure as little as 1 centimeter  less than half an inch  across , and its white flower with yellow stamen is barely bigger than a fingernail . Fragile habitat The Nymphaea thermarum was discovered in 1987 by German botanist Eberhard Fischer at a thermal freshwater spring in Mashyuza , Rwanda -- the only known location in the wild . However , over-exploitation of this hot spring meant the fragile habitat dried up , and the water lily died out there in about 2008 . It was brought back from the brink of extinction only by the efforts of experts at Bonn Botanic Garden in Germany , where a number of living examples had been taken , and the Royal Botanic Gardens in Kew , which succeeded in propagating the delicate plant in 2009 . After a number of failed attempts , horticulturist Carlos Magdalena at Kew cracked the technique needed to persuade the water lily to grow from the remaining precious seeds . He realized that unlike all other water lilies , the Nymphaea thermarum grows in warm mud rather than water , and so found a way to replicate its native habitat using pots of damp loam surrounded by water kept at precisely 25 degrees Celsius  77 F  -- just as had occurred by the thermal spring . Only then did the seedlings flourish and develop into adult plants , according to Kew . For a couple of years , the only living examples of the water lily were found in Bonn and London . Now , a few plants are again found in the wild in Rwanda , according to Kew Gardens , but the Nymphaea thermarum remains critically endangered . Theft taken ` very seriously ' Richard Barley , director of horticulture at Kew Gardens , said the police had been called in after the theft was discovered Thursday . The staff is "  dedicated to the conservation of plants , and when incidents of this nature occur it is a blow to morale , " he said . "  We take theft of our invaluable scientific collection of plants very seriously . " According to the Kew Gardens ' website , the plant has no common name because of its scarcity but has become known unofficially by its staff as the "  pygmy Rwandan water lily . " It "  has always been so rare that no uses have ever been known , " it adds . Other instances of theft have occurred , but they are isolated and infrequent , Kew Gardens said . Rare corpse flower blooms , stinks CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	The tiny Nymphaea thermarum is stolen from the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew The water lily is the smallest in the world and incredibly rare It was saved from extinction by horticulturalists at Kew and in Germany It was discovered in 1987 , growing in the mud by a freshwater hot spring in Rwanda
RollingStone.com  -- Britney Spears announced today that her new album , due March 15 , is titled "  Femme Fatale " -- but the superstar singer and her Los Angeles producers are still choosing songs and determining the final direction of the overall sound . "  It 's not done , " Dr. Luke , co-producing the album with longtime Britney collaborator Max Martin and Montreal dance-pop songwriter Billboard , tells Rolling Stone . "  We 're in the middle of it right now . It 's a little bit fluid right now . I ca n't even say at this stage what songs for sure are making it and what songs are n't . We 're working with a lot of producers and overseeing it with her A&R and record label and management and trying to make something cohesive . " RollingStone.com : Britney Spears ' life in photos The album , of course , will contain "  Hold It Against Me , " co-written by Dr. Luke , Martin and Bonnie McKee , the hot songwriter who penned Katy Perry 's "  California Gurls " and Taio Cruz ' "  Dynamite . " Spears ' new single made its debut on the pop charts in mid-January at No. 1 , before dropping to No. 6 last week . Originally , Dr. Luke and Martin , the Swedish songwriter behind some of Spears ' biggest hits , including " ... Baby One More Time , " planned to give the song to Katy Perry . "  We might have played it for her , but it definitely was n't a Katy Perry record , " Dr. Luke says by phone from Conway Recording Studio in Los Angeles . "  We had it for a while . I wanted to make sure it did n't sound like everything else I 've done . I brought it into Billboard , and he just killed it . It can be hard in the verse , and the bridge is super , super hard , but the chorus is super-pop . You can play that chorus acoustically on a guitar and it 's still going to sound great . " RollingStone.com : Rob Sheffield 's four-star review of "  Hold It Against Me " Top 40 radio stations continue to spin "  Hold It Against Me " in regular rotation . "  It feels like a really obvious , easy-to-listen-to first single , " says John Ivey , program director for KIIS in LA , which played the song once an hour the first day it came out . "  You hear all those little parts that are so Britney -- ` here 's the video-breakdown-dance part of the song . ' That 's what my listeners love about her . " Although her 2008 album Circus sold fewer than 2 million copies , not a huge number given Spears ' history of blockbuster sales , retailers have high hopes for the March release . " -LSB- Circus -RSB- ended up doing well , but we were a little cautious about it -- a little tense comeback issues were going to be relevant , " says Mark Hudson , music buyer for Trans World Entertainment , who predicts the new album could sell 500,000 copies in its first week . "  But this time around , her stock is higher . " RollingStone.com : Britney Spears lets loose for the cameras Dr. Luke also noted that he and Martin , the executive producers , plan on working on several songs directly in addition to "  Hold It Against Me . " He also confirmed Bloodshy  who co-produced Spears ' classic "  Toxic "  and Benny Blanco  who worked on Ke $ ha 's "  Tik Tok " and Perry 's "  California Gurls "  were among several big names who would make production appearances . So far , Spears has dropped by the LA studio two or three times to lay down her vocals . "  Britney 's really fast , " Dr. Luke says . "  She gets it done . " Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Britney Spears and producers still choosing songs for new album Spears announced album , due March 15 , is titled "  Femme Fatale " Top 40 radio stations continue to spin "  Hold It Against Me " in regular rotation
CNN  -- While protesters in Ferguson , Missouri , are demanding justice for the killing of Michael Brown by police , questions are being asked about the man who at the moment is responsible for pursuing any prosecution and whether he can be impartial . Some residents and community leaders contend St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch has deep ties to the police and has favored law enforcement in criminal cases . Missouri State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed launched a petition that now has more than 26,000 signatures to remove McCulloch from the case and replace him with a special prosecutor to handle any criminal case arising from the August 9 shooting of Brown , an African-American who was unarmed when killed by a white police officer . The shooting has touched off demonstrations that have led to confrontations with police , and some looting and violence . The National Guard was called in , President Barack Obama appealed for "  understanding " and cooler heads , and Attorney General Eric Holder visited Ferguson on Wednesday to assess things . His agency has launched a civil rights probe . McCulloch , however , has indicated that he is going nowhere and plans to do his job . CNN has sought to interview him , but the request has not been granted . But in a radio interview with with McGraw Millhaven on KTRS , McCulloch promised a comprehensive and fair investigation . "  We will be presenting absolutely everything to this grand jury . Every statement that a witness made , every witness , every photograph , every piece of physical evidence . Absolutely nothing will be left out so the grand jury is making their decision based upon absolutely everything and we 'll go from there , " McCulloch said Wednesday . The grand jury will be given evidence as early as Wednesday , a process that could last until the middle of October , McCulloch said . Critics question McCulloch 's dedication to a fair outcome and some have said he has moved too slowly . The officer "  should be charged and arrested . It 's been over a week now , " Patricia Bynes , the Democratic Party committeewoman for Ferguson Township , told CNN . We are "  motivated to have a transparent case that 's accountable to the community and to make sure justice is done at every level , " Bynes said . 5 things to know about the Brown shooting Bynes said McCulloch 's ties with police in the county could cloud his judgment . McCulloch 's father was a police officer and was killed on the job in 1964 by an African-American man , when McCulloch was 12 , McCulloch 's spokesperson Ed Magee confirmed to CNN . In addition to his father , McCulloch 's brother , an uncle and a cousin all served with the St. Louis Police Department , and his mother worked as a clerk at the department , Magee said . McCulloch , who as a teenager lost a leg to cancer , made it his career ambition to become a prosecutor . He was quoted by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch as telling a reporter , while first campaigning for the office : "  I could n't become a policeman , so being county prosecutor is the next best thing . " McCulloch has no plans to step aside and Magee said it does n't have any impact on how he will handle the current case . "  I have absolutely no intention of walking away from duties and the responsibilities entrusted in me by the people of this community , " McCulloch said during the radio interview . While the Justice Department is conducting its own civil rights investigation , Ferguson elected officials are concerned about the local investigation . McCulloch has overseen controversial cases before , some including police officers and black suspects . Complete coverage of the Brown shooting The petition being circulated points to a 2000 incident in which two suspected drug dealers were killed by two police officers , McCulloch never brought charges against the officers , concluding they acted in self-defense . A subsequent federal investigation found that the men were unarmed and not moving in the direction of the officers , but because the officers felt endangered , the investigation found that the shootings were justified , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported . "  He does n't have the fortitude to do the right thing when it comes to prosecuting police officers , " Nasheed said on CNN 's "  Newsroom " on Tuesday . Chris King , editorial director at the St. Louis American , an African-American publication , said McCulloch has already "  manipulated " the Brown case by the way he is releasing information . The St. Louis County Police released a convenience store video from just minutes before Brown 's death that showed a person who resembled Brown stealing a box of cigars . "  All of this information should have come out all at once in group . By leaking out in pieces , he is encouraging this kind of speculation , " King said on CNN 's "  New Day . " Concerns about McCulloch arose again after Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon replaced the St. Louis County Police with the Missouri State Highway Patrol for security last week because he said the initial law enforcement response to the shooting was excessive . McCulloch told CNN affiliate KMOV that the governor had "  no legal authority " to make such a move . Why no arrest yet ? Upsetting to Ferguson residents , Missouri State Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal said , is that Darren Wilson , who has been identified as the officer who shot Brown , has not yet been arrested or charged . He is on paid administrative leave . It is up to the grand jury to determine what charges , if any , will be placed on Wilson . "  I am concerned because my constituents are concerned , " Chappelle-Nadal told CNN . She said protesters carry signs or post signs in their yard demanding that McCulloch step aside . "  They say this could have been me and if they killed someone they would immediately be in jail . " But Philip Holloway , a criminal defense attorney who previously was a police officer and a prosecutor , said the fact that Wilson has not yet been charged or arrested is because he could have been acting in self-defense . Evidence must be analyzed before an arrest is made or charges are brought . "  Police officers have no more or less of a right to self-defense " than private citizens , Holloway said . Autopsy results enough to charge officer , Brown family attorney says Magee , the county prosecutor 's spokesman , said , "  The people of St. Louis County have faith in Mr. McCulloch and his ability to carry out his duties . " McCulloch has been prosecuting attorney since 1991 , and has been reelected to four-year terms ever since . He overwhelmingly won his primary on August 5 , just four days before Brown 's death . He had an opponent for the first time since his 1994 campaign , facing off against an African-American woman , Leslie Tolliver Broadnax . She raised just $ 13,450 compared to McCulloch 's $ 361,000 , according to the Missouri Ethics Commission . Friction between McCulloch and the governor The governor addressed concerns about McCulloch . "  He 's an experienced prosecutor , and this is his opportunity to step up , " Nixon said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  It 's important we get this right . This is a big matter . " Late Tuesday night , he issued a statement saying he is not asking McCulloch to recuse himself but that it is up to McCulloch to remove himself from the case . "  There is a well-established process by which a prosecutor can recuse themselves from a pending investigation , and a special prosecutor be appointed , " Nixon said . " Departing from this established process could unnecessarily inject legal uncertainty into this matter and potentially jeopardize the prosecution . " McCulloch slammed Nixon 's statement , saying he needs to "  man up " and decide if he wants him to stay on the case . "  It 's the typical Nixon doublespeak , " McCulloch said on KTRS . "  He says nothing and he 's ducking . " Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Any criminal case in Michael Brown 's shooting rests with prosecutor Bob McCulloch Some have little confidence that he will be aggressive in prosecuting police They are asking for him to step aside and for a special prosecutor to be named NEW : An attempt will be made on Wednesday to present evidence to a grand jury
CNN  -- This weekend , Casey Kasem 's family will gather at a private memorial service to honor the legendary radio host , who died on Father 's Day at age 82 . "  The world will miss Casey Kasem , an incredible talent and humanitarian , " his children Kerri , Mike , and Julie Kasem said in a statement . "  We will miss our dad . " Kasem dominated the radio world from 1970 until his retirement in 2009 and leaves a powerful legacy . Yet at the end of his life , Kasem 's name dominated headlines for a different reason : a bitter legal battle as his family debated the best health care for the ailing radio host . A rift that dated back years between his wife , Jean , and children from his first marriage deepened as Kasem 's health deteriorated . Kasem was incorrectly diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in 2007 , a diagnosis that was later changed to a progressive brain disorder called Lewy body dementia . Lewy body dementia is the most misdiagnosed form of dementia , according to the Lewy Body Dementia Association . Like Alzheimer 's , confusion and memory loss are present , but visual hallucinations , severe sleep disruptions , fluctuating alertness and problems with movement are also symptoms . As Kasem lived out his final days , the family feuded over the best care options for him . Kasem 's children said they were complying with their father 's wishes to die comfortably and peacefully surrounded by family and friends , while his wife claimed they were ceding care and prematurely ending Kasem 's life . Casey Kasem 's family feud "  My husband 's a fighter ! He 's an American treasure . He would have never , ever wanted this , " Jean Kasem tearfully exclaimed to CNN shortly before Kasem 's death . The family battle over Kasem 's end-of-life care was magnified by the media . Yet the story of families facing difficult decisions at the end of a loved one 's life is one that millions of Americans can relate to . "  If you take away the fact that he has a net worth of $ 80 million , he represents a case that is a very typical , " said Ira Wiesner , an elder law attorney based in Sarasota , Florida . "  I think we 're going to see more of these cases hit the limelight at all levels . " Baby boomers are turning 65 at the rate of 10,000 per day , according to the Pew Research Center , a trend that 's expected to continue for the next 16 years . People 65 and older are expected to make up 20 % of the total U.S. population by 2050 , according to the National Center on Elder Abuse . "  We 're in the midst of a longevity revolution , " said Ellen Goodman , co-founder and director of The Conversation Project . "  We now live 30 years longer than we did 100 years ago . Sixty is not the new 50 ; 60 is the caregiver of the 85 year old . " Eighty-five-year-olds today are driving , playing tennis and going to book clubs . Yet extended life spans require resources , and the responsibility of caring for loved ones with dementia or diminishing physical capabilities can weigh on families -- emotionally and financially . Overwhelming burden , cost of Alzheimer 's to triple "  We have to make decisions about how we want to end our lives , " Goodman said . "  Do it early . It 's always too soon until it 's too late . Do n't wait for a diagnosis ; do n't wait for until someone is in the ER . " It 's important for seniors to designate a health care agent , also known as a proxy or surrogate , to speak on their behalf when they become ill or cognitively impaired . While a spouse or child may seem like the obvious choice , sometimes a health care agent more removed from the situation is emotionally better suited for making tough choices . It 's essential that the proxy have a strong backbone and be willing to fight for the elderly person 's wishes . "  I see it all the time , the edginess that occurs when somebody starts becoming incapacitated , " Wiesner said . "  Issues of power come to the forefront , internal struggles between family members rise to the top , and it all explodes . " Seniors should write down specific instructions about their end-of-life care and identify the designated health care agent in a document called a durable power of attorney for health care . The written record ultimately becomes a gift to family members , since it eliminates the guessing game . It 's also important for you to be aware of your state 's medical laws . Many states have a pecking order for designating a health care agent : spouse , children , parents , then siblings . However , some go by different rules ; for instance , Wisconsin will not let anyone step in to make decisions if a health care agent is n't designated , while West Virginia allows the patient 's tending physician to determine who will be the best decision-maker . "  I 've never heard anybody say , ' I want to end my life with a feeding tube and on a respirator or ventilator , ' but that 's what happens to a lot of people if they have n't expressed their wishes , given the medical system , " Goodman said . Dying : What no one wants to talk about Beyond medicine , it 's essential to also think about other care decisions , such as whether you would prefer hospice care or to be moved back home for your final days . The most imperative thing for families to remember , Goodman says , is that even if there are varying religious views amongst family members , the specific wishes of the ailing elderly individual must be respected . "  A lot of families can relate to the chaos and confusion . When you do n't hear the voice of the person you love in your ear , you always doubt whether you 've done the right thing , " Goodman said . The Conversation Project seeks to eliminate the stigma surrounding conversations about death and encourage families to have early discussions about end-of-life decisions . A recent survey by The Conversation Project indicated that 90 % of seniors thought it was important to plan their end-of-life decisions , but only 30 % of those people actually had open discussions about facing death . "  Too many people are not dying in ways they choose ; too many are experiencing hard deaths , " Goodman said . "  The difference between a good death or a hard death is whether they had sat down at kitchen table , talked about values and talked about how they wanted to live at end of life . " "  Casey Kasem is a celebrity , but this is an everyday American story . " Opinion : Give patients end-of-life options Common end-of-life medical terms CNN 's Jacque Wilson contributed to this story .	Millions of Americans face difficult decisions at the end of a loved one 's life Casey Kasem had Lewy body dementia , a progressive brain disorder Baby boomers are turning 65 at the rate of 10,000 per day
CNN  -- Who , exactly , owns your Twitter account ? It 's a potentially complicated question when an account is used both professionally and personally . Now a case regarding whether a Twitter account belongs to a company or its former employee has raised questions about the use of the social media phenomenon . PhoneDog , a website devoted to all things mobile products and services , sued former employee Noah Kravitz for $ 340,000 , according to the complaint filed in US District Court in the Northern District of California . The lawsuit , which was filed in July , alleges that Kravitz ' continued use of a Twitter account he was "  given use of " while employed with PhoneDog was a misappropriation of trade secrets and damaged the company 's business , goodwill , and reputation . Kravitz was a product reviewer and video blogger for PhoneDog for about four years , during which time he used the Twitter account @PhoneDog_Noah . The complaint states that Kravitz "  used the Account to disseminate information and promote PhoneDog 's services on behalf of PhoneDog . " But Kravitz told CNN he opened the account , linked it to his personal e-mail address and maintained it himself while tweeting both personal and professional things throughout his employment with PhoneDog , including links to his own articles and colleagues ' articles , as well as tweets about sports , arts , and food . "  It 's this melding of personal and professional which is why I 've gained a modest following , " Kravitz said . "  Because it 's not just the dry headline and link to something . " According to the complaint , PhoneDog asked Kravitz to let go of the Twitter account when he resigned in October 2010 , but instead of getting rid of it , he changed the handle to @noahkravitz and continued to use and tweet under the account . Kravitz , who says he left on amicable terms , disputes this claim , saying PhoneDog did not ask for the account back , but said it was OK if he kept the account and asked him to tweet from time to time on their behalf . "  At no point until July of this year , a good 8 months after we parted ways , did they ask for the twitter account or claim in was their property . " PhoneDog alleges Kravitz "  is attempting to discredit PhoneDog and destroy the confidence that PhoneDog 's users have in PhoneDog " through continued use of the Twitter account . In the course of Kravitz 's employment , the Twitter account garnered about 17,000 followers . The complaint states that according to industry standards , each follower is valued at about $ 2.50 per month , so incorporating that value , the 17,000 followers of the account , and the eight months since Kravitz resigned from PhoneDog , the company arrived at the $ 340,000 claim . Who really owns a Twitter account ? CNN 's Richard Quest weighs in As social media accounts become increasingly relevant for employers , the line between personal and professional Twitter accounts begins to blur , and a pair of intellectual property lawyers see new precedents on the horizon . "  This is an issue with Twitter , with Facebook , with any of the social media sites where people have accounts and they 're using them for work purposes , " Henry J. Cittone told CNN . "  That ownership for those accounts is in play right now . " Mark V.B. Partridge noted that because Twitter is relatively new , disputes that have come up have been settled . But he compared this case to situations in the past in which employees who left a company tried to take registered domain names with them but were not allowed . Partridge said that if this one does go to a court decision , "  it would certainly be a precedent out there . " Asked whether or not he thinks a case like this has any merit , Cittone said , "  It 's going to boil down to whether he was paid to create  the account  for the company or not . " And he thinks PhoneDog may have a chance at winning the case , "  because they 've patched the arguments quickly . They said they hired him to create this feed for them -- that is the way the company could dislodge a Twitter feed from its owner . " Kravitz , who is now editor-at-large for Techno Buffalo , said he is starting to understand the magnitude of the situation . "  This idea of what belongs to the employee , what belongs to the employers , where 's the influence coming from , what constitutes doing something on company time -- these lines are all really blurry right now . " Neither PhoneDog nor Twitter responded to CNN 's requests for comment .	PhoneDog , ex-employee argue about ownership of Twitter account he used Company says Noah Kravitz was "  given use of " account ; he says he set it up himself Damages of $ 340,000 based on $ 2.50 monthly value of each follower , lawsuit claims Legal experts : Case could set precedents in social media account ownership
CNN  -- Celebrities from Lady Gaga to Linkin Park rallied their fans to ante up for earthquake and tsunami relief in Japan . Lady Gaga is offering a red-and-white wristband , with the words "  We pray for Japan " and an image of the singer 's monster paw gesture . "  Little Monsters , show your support for Japan with this ` We Pray For Japan ' wristband ! " her website said , encouraging her fans to donate . "  All proceeds go directly to Japan relief efforts . " Gaga also directed fans to the Citizen Effect web page where they can contribute to a campaign by Google CEO Eric Schmidt and his wife Wendy . The couple will match the first $ 100,000 donated to help American Red Cross relief efforts in Japan . Citizen Effect uses social networking to support charity efforts . Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park has designed a T-shirt to benefit Music for Relief 's Tsunami Relief in Japan . Donations of $ 10 can be made by texting "  MFR " to 85944 . Music for Relief also established a fund after the Haiti earthquake . Starting Tuesday , people wanting to donate also will be able to contribute at downloadtodonate.org . Anyone giving $ 10 or more will be able to download a collection of new songs . The Red Cross appeared to be the charity of choice among celebs , who encouraged their fan bases to make donations via text message . "  Imagine ... if we ALL texted REDCROSS to 90999 we 'd have raised over 60million dollars for #JAPAN REFLIEF ! BE THE CHANGE YOU WANT TO SEE ! BE ! , " said a post on singer Katy Perry 's Twitter on Sunday night . Likewise , rapper P. Diddy , talk show host Conan O'Brien and R&B singer Chris Brown implored their followers to help the victims of the disaster .	Linkin Park designs T-shirts to raise money for Japan relief Lady Gaga offers a wristband Text messages contribute $ 10 to the Red Cross and Music for Relief Celebrity Twitter accounts spread the message
Washington  CNN  -- 45 years ago , while on patrol in Vietnam 's Mekong Delta , Dennis Joyner was suddenly faced with his own mortality . He never heard the explosion that destroyed his legs and left arm , but be clearly saw what had happened to his body . "  Let me die " -- was his immediate reaction . But it was his sergeant who reminded him of his family and all he had to live for . On Sunday in Washington , Joyner was able to thank Sgt. Ed Reynolds as he looked out on the only memorial to honor the living disabled veterans of America 's wars . The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial , located just blocks from the U.S. Capitol , was dedicated Sunday in a ceremony that focused on life after war and the many sacrifices disabled veterans still make . President Obama spoke at the ceremony of the cost of war and the painful legacy it leaves behind . "  Each of you endured a moment that shaped the arc of your lives and that speaks to our debt as a nation , " Obama said . "  It was the moment that binds each of you forever , that moment of realization that life would not be the same . " Joyner , who served in the 9th Infantry Division , was awarded a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart for his service . While recovering , and learning how to function in his new body , Joyner worried about how his family would react . "  I ca n't image the fear , the terror , that must have been in my family 's hearts and minds that day they received a telegram explaining the severity of my injuries , " Joyner told the audience at the memorial 's dedication . "  Trying to think of what to say seeing me for the first time , minus three limbs . " The memorial was designed as a space for disabled veterans and those they love to find quiet reflection . A ceremonial flame hovers over a reflecting pool , surrounded by granite and glass walls and a grove of trees . "  What we gave , what our families gave , and what we continue to give , will be forever remembered here in our nation 's capital , " Joyner said Sunday . "  We are not unique in our story , we are just one example of the thousands of lives affected by the lifelong disabilities that are the terrifying consequences of war . " Those consequences weigh heavily on the recent maneuvering of U.S. military operations in the fight against terrorist group ISIS . The President 's refusal to send ground troops to the Middle East was echoed in his comments Sunday . "  Let 's never rush into war , because it is America 's sons and daughters who bear the scars of war for the rest of their lives , " he said . "  Let us only send them into harm 's way when it 's absolutely necessary . And if we do , let 's always give them the strategy , the mission and the support that they need to get the job done . " Veterans Affairs Secretary Bob McDonald and veterans advocate and actor Gary Sinise -- who played the character of Lt. Dan in the movie "  Forrest Gump " -- also spoke at the ceremony . A long journey Lois Pope was visiting the Vietnam War memorial when she was first struck by the need for a special place to honor disabled veterans . Pope saw a veteran in a wheelchair struggling to lay flowers on another veteran 's grave . "  That was the catalyst that sent me on this 16-year quest to build this memorial so that our nations disabled veterans could earn the respect and the recognition that they so deserve , " Pope said . In 1998 Pope joined forces with Art Wilson , who was the national adjutant for Disabled American Veterans at the time . The two worked with former VA Secretary Jesse Brown to make the memorial a reality . "  Until this day , this very day , we have not remembered those who lived and whose lives were forever changed by the sacrifices they made in uniform , " Wilson said at the ceremony . "  Without their stories and the experience of their loved ones , we as a people can not know the cost of war . " 9 simple ways you can help veterans Life after battle For disabled veterans , the end of active military service is not the end of the battle , said Pope . "  The cost of war does not end when guns are silenced , for every day disabled veterans continue to battle with their physical and mental disabilities . " Obama also underscored that not all veterans ' injuries are visible . "  No matter what war you served in -- and whether they called it ` shell shock ' or ` battle fatigue ' or the ' 1,000-yard stare ' or post-traumatic stress -- you know that the unseen wounds of war are just as real as any other , and they can hurt just as much , if not more . " "  You are not alone " Although the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has recently admitted to mismanaging the care of veterans , the President emphasized the government 's responsibility to provide care and support . "  When our wounded veterans set out on that long road of recovery , we need to move heaven and earth to make sure they get every single benefit , every single bit of care that they have earned , that they deserve , " he said . Obama also spoke of the responsibility ordinary citizens have to honor the sacrifice that veterans have made . "  If they 're hurting and do n't know if they can go on , we need to say loud and clear , as family and friends , as neighbors and coworkers , as fellow citizens , and as a nation : You are not alone , " Obama said . "  If you 're an American , and you see a veteran -- maybe with a prosthetic arm or leg , maybe burns on their face -- do n't ever look away , " he said . "  Do not turn away . You go up and you reach out , and you shake their hand , and you look them in the eye and you say those words every veteran should hear all the time : ` Welcome home , thank you . We need you more than ever . You help us stay strong , you help us stay free . ' "	The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial was dedicated Sunday in Washington President Obama emphasized the cost of war , his commitment to caring for vets Co-founders Lois Pope and Art Wilson have worked on the project for 16 years
Xianiezhuang Village , China  CNN  -- On most days , Zhang Huanzhi does n't look the part of a fighter for justice . Whenever she catches a break between tending the cornfield and feeding livestock , the 67-year-old farmer from northern China goes to court . "  I bike to the closest bus stop and then take a two-hour ride to the Hebei provincial high court , " Zhang said , as she thrashed sorghum in her courtyard one afternoon , her disabled husband sitting nearby . "  I 've been doing this for the past six years -- and as long as I can still move , I 'm not giving up . " Her only son , Nie Shubin , was executed in 1995 -- when he was 20 -- for raping and killing a woman . A decade later , another man confessed to the same crimes . Since then Zhang has made countless journeys to the courthouse in the provincial capital of Shijiazhuang -- 320 kilometers  200 miles  southwest of Beijing -- with one simple yet futile appeal : retry the case to exonerate her son . With more details emerging from domestic news coverage , many have viewed Zhang 's plight -- and Nie 's case -- as an egregious example of the flaws in the Chinese criminal justice system , including the use of torture , deficient due process and lax review of death sentences . Zhang is now back in the public spotlight , as the government proposes major revisions to its criminal code -- the first in 15 years -- ostensibly aimed at better protecting its citizens and preventing a recurrence of situations like what happened her son . Her fight nevertheless continues to hit a wall and even the People 's Daily -- the official newspaper of the ruling Communist Party -- ran a scathing commentary in September that asked : "  In a case where someone was clearly wronged , why has it been so difficult to make it right ? " "  Rehabilitation means little to the dead , but it means a lot to his surviving family and all other citizens , " it added . "  We can no longer afford to let Nie 's case drag on . " A mother 's dogged pursuit Zhang now seals her most treasured possessions in a Ziploc bag : two old photos and several legal documents . "  He was about 19 and it was taken right here in our courtyard , " she recalled , pointing to the fading color prints of her shy stuttering son -- a square-faced teenager wearing a blue tank top in one picture and shirtless in the other -- beaming for the camera . Nie was taken into custody not long after the photos were taken and would never see his mother again . Zhang said local police , during their several visits to question the family and search the house , never told her why they had detained her son . Court documents cited "  tips from local residents " but did not elaborate . Authorities tried Nie behind closed doors and barred the parents from the courtroom , but Nie told a lawyer hired by his family that he was beaten into a confession on his sixth day in jail . Zhang was convinced that Nie was a victim of torture , after seeing her normally healthy son walk with a limp into the courthouse before the first trial . Seven months after he was first detained , the government executed Nie in April 1995 -- without notifying his parents . After the initial shock , Zhang had to endure more agony to locate her son 's remains and deal with a failed suicide attempt and subsequent half-paralysis of her husband , who was crushed by Nie 's execution . Living off her husband 's monthly pension of $ 150 , Zhang learned to take care of the family by herself . Her daily routine , however , was disrupted in 2005 by a sudden influx of Chinese reporters , who revealed to her that a man named Wang Shujin had just confessed to the same crimes Nie was executed for a decade earlier . Carefully laying the contents from her Ziploc bag on a table , Zhang described each legal document as she recounted her six-year lone quest for justice : a copy of the verdict against Nie that detailed his "  crimes ; " a 2007 letter from the Supreme People 's Court in Beijing , in which the nation 's highest court instructed the Hebei high court to "  process " her appeal ; and most importantly , a printout of a written statement by Wang 's lawyer on his client 's confession . The lawyer , Zhu Aimin , confirmed to CNN that Wang has admitted to the crimes Nie was convicted of -- with corroborative details . Ironically Wang , sentenced to death for four other murder and rape cases , is now receiving a reprieve , as his connection to the Nie case has delayed the completion of his second trial . Officials from the Hebei high court in Shijiazhuang and the Supreme People 's Court in Beijing never responded to CNN 's requests for comment despite repeated phone calls and faxes . "  The cold reality does n't offer us ordinary people much hope -- so why do I keep pursuing ? " Zhang said . "  I do n't want to hold anyone responsible , I do n't want government compensation , and I do n't want the judge to bring back my son alive -- but one thing I must have is his innocence . " New law , old problems In recent years , state media have exposed an increasing number of wrongful convictions in China . At least five death row inmates -- most reportedly tortured during police interrogation -- were set free , either because their "  victims " turned up alive years after the alleged murders , or the real perpetrators were caught . Such cases could be prevented if the new Criminal Procedure Law takes effect next March as scheduled , the Chinese government has argued , because the proposed changes strengthen the rights of defense lawyers while barring the practices of forcing suspects to incriminate themselves or coercing their families to testify against them . The current draft also incorporates earlier government pronouncements , including those making evidence obtained through torture inadmissible in court and limiting the use of the death penalty . China executes more people than all other countries combined , according to the London-based Amnesty International human rights group , which estimated the figure -- considered a state secret -- to be in the thousands last year . Many lawyers and legal scholars call the revisions mere window dressing . With the government more concerned about maintaining social stability in the wake of the Arab Spring unrest , they depict an increasingly repressive environment for ordinary citizens and lawyers alike . "  The authorities do whatever they want -- detention , surveillance and harassment -- it 's just too arbitrary , " said Zhang Sizhi , a prominent lawyer in Beijing who was once assigned by the government to defend Chairman Mao Zedong 's widow . He and others note the draft law does not include the long-proposed right to silence for suspects or abolition of forced labor camps . Yet it does include a clause authorizing police to detain citizens for up to six months in certain cases without having to inform their families . One aspect the revisions largely ignore is the appeals process , experts say , leaving ordinary people -- like Zhang Huanzhi -- who are trying to overturn a court ruling trapped in the legal labyrinth . "  They have nowhere to go -- who will listen to them ? " said Jerome Cohen , a New York University law professor and an internationally recognized authority in Chinese law . "  It requires far more reform than this draft to address these issues . " During the just-ended month-long public comment period on the draft , the government received more than 72,000 responses . Cohen says enough negative feedback may prompt the authorities to shelve this version and start anew later . Back in Xianiezhuang Village , Zhang has heard about the proposed new criminal code and simply wishes the government would do whatever it takes to protect other families from the kind of anguish she has suffered . As she sat on a stool to winnow grains , her husband started wailing uncontrollably while reading a newspaper profile on her titled , "  A Mother 's Race Against Time . " "  I 've talked to my son several times on his grave , " she said , wiping tears . "  I told him : Son , you have to fight for justice in your world and mom will keep fighting for you in mine . " "  He would thank me because he knows a mother ca n't live without her son . "	Nie Shubin was executed in 1995 -- when he was 20 -- for raping and killing a woman His mother is seeking to exonerate him after another man confessed to the same crimes Authorities tried Nie Shubin behind closed doors and barred the parents from the courtroom Nie told a lawyer hired by his family that he was beaten into a confession on his sixth day in jail
A nurse 's release Tuesday from an Atlanta hospital leaves a single person in the United States now battling Ebola , though she and others -- including President Barack Obama -- stressed the fight against the deadly virus is n't over . "  While this is a day for celebration and gratitude , I ask that we not lose focus on the thousands of families who continue to labor under the burden of this disease in West Africa , " said 29-year-old Amber Vinson . About two weeks ago , Vinson became the second nurse from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas to get the virus while caring for Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian man who began showing Ebola symptoms after arriving in Texas and died of it there . She and Nina Pham -- the other Dallas nurse who was discharged from a National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland on Friday -- are differ from the handful of other U.S. Ebola cases in the United States because they caught the disease in America , rather than contracting it in West Africa . Vinson 's diagnosis came amid a wave of national concern about the prospect Ebola could spread in the United States , especially after it became known she 'd flown on two commercial flights after treating Duncan . Yet there was no such alarm Tuesday . Instead , Emory University Hospital 's Dr. Bruce Ribner declared Vinson "  has recovered from her infection with Ebola virus , and she can return to ... her community and to her life " without any concerns about infecting anyone . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed Standing behind a lectern in a gray suit , Vinson thanked God as well as those at the Atlanta hospital , where she arrived October 15 . She also voiced appreciation for Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol , two Americans who got Ebola in Africa and were treated at Emory , for their contributions of plasma for people in the United States struggling with the disease . Dr. Craig Spencer is now the only person in the United States being treated for Ebola . The 33-year-old was admitted to Bellevue Hospital in New York City after developing a fever on Thursday , six days after returning to the United States and over a week after leaving Guinea , where he worked for Doctors Without Borders . Timeline of Spencer 's activities after returning home Even without more cases , Ebola remains a hot topic of conversation around the country . That includes a debate about whether anyone should be allowed into the United States from Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , or at least whether health care volunteers and others coming from those Ebola-ravaged nations should be quarantined for three weeks upon arrival . President Barack Obama said Tuesday that "  monitoring and movement guidance " for those returning from the region should be "  sensible , " so long as it is based on science and does n't unnecessarily prove an obstacle to those who risk their lives and livelihoods to head overseas to help those in need . "  We do n't want to discourage our health workers from going to the front lines and dealing with this in an effective way , " Obama said . " ... "  We do n't just react based on our fears . We react based on facts . " Obama : We ca n't react ` based on our fears ' U.S. focused on West Africa Ribner , from Emory , said that his hospital has learned "  a great deal " from treating four Ebola patients . That includes lessons on things such as fluid and electrolyte management and that physicians can successfully treat Ebola patients who need dialysis . Still , while sharing such information with other U.S. health care professionals could be helpful , it wo n't end the threat . "  The thing that we really have to keep in mind is that the only way that we are truly to be able to make our citizens safe is that we control the outbreak in Africa , " said Ribner . This is a point Obama has made repeatedly , including again on Tuesday . He insists "  no other nation is doing as much to make sure " we contain Ebola at its source , from the medical experts on the ground to approximately 1,000 U.S. troops  with 3,000 more to come  involved in helping local officials with everything from logistics to building treatment centers . Some American service members are now in quarantine at an Army base in Vicenza , Italy , after returning from West Africa , according to Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams , the commander of U.S. Army forces in Africa who is among those isolated . Williams talks to CNN from quarantine Washington even dispatched a top diplomat , Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power , who arrived Tuesday in the Liberian capital of Monrovia . She told reporters her visit aims "  to show solidarity with the people of the region so that you know that you are not alone as you face this terrible epidemic , " as well as to help Liberia emerge from the crisis "  stronger and more resilient . " After speaking Tuesday to members of a multiagency Disaster Assistance Response Team , who have been in West Africa since August , the President offered a hint of optimism . "  The good news is that it 's starting to have an impact , " Obama said of such U.S. efforts . "  They are starting to see some progress in Liberia , and the infrastructure is beginning to get built out . " Still , progress does n't equate to victory . According to the World Health Organization , there are more than 10,000 confirmed or suspected cases of Ebola -- almost all in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- and nearly 5,000 deaths . And those are only the ones that authorities have been able to count , in a region where health care access and record-keeping is limited . The WHO , the United Nations ' health authority , has said that the mortality rate from the current outbreak , starting with the first death in December , is about 70 % . Complete coverage on Ebola	Discharged nurse asks that we do n't "  lose focus " on those suffering in West Africa U.S. can not "  react based on our fears , " President Obama says U.S. diplomat arrives in Liberia to show "  solidarity " There 's now only one person , a doctor in New York , with Ebola in the United States
If , as many observers believe , Daniel-Day Lewis wins the Academy Award for best actor on Sunday , he will become the first man to win three  Meryl Streep has done this ; Maggie Smith might match her if she wins for her turn in Quartet  . Such an honor would ratify Day-Lewis ' standing not simply as one of the greatest actors of his time , but for all time . Like Robert De Niro , Day-Lewis is seen as the quintessential method actor , a commitment he has taken to extremes in his well-known penchant for embodying his characters even when the cameras are n't rolling . Day-Lewis also is notable for the extraordinary breadth of roles he has played . He first came to global attention in 1985 when he appeared simultaneously as the priggish Cecil Vyse in the Merchant-Ivory film adaptation of E.M. Forster 's 1907 novel "  Room with a View " as well as Johnny , the gay East End punk , in Stephen Frears ' brilliantly brash "  My Beautiful Launderette . " But it has been in playing Americans where Day-Lewis has made his most distinctive impact . Between 1988 and 2007 he played a string of American figures that ranged from a 17th century Puritan  "  The Crucible "  to a contemporary art collector  the otherwise forgettable "  Stars and Bars "  . His turn as the lead character in the 1992 film version of James Fenimore Cooper 's 1825 novel "  Last of the Mohicans " has become a classic , while his role as the driven oil prospector Daniel Plainview in "  There Will Be Blood " won him his second Academy Award for best actor in 2008 . For all the range of the characters , however , there is a surprising degree of continuity in this gallery of Americans . The quintessential Day-Lewis character is a frontiersman , even when that frontiersman is disguised as a gang member staking out a territory  "  Gangs of New York "  , or an iconoclastic Manhattan attorney chafing against social convention  "  The Age of Innocence "  on the same New York streets . Day-Lewis always plays a man apart -- someone at odds with the institutional arrangements that surround him . If he is to survive , which in many cases he does not , his protagonists must move to the margins , finding a place on the outskirts of society . It 's in this context that one can begin to appreciate how Day-Lewis 's latest Oscar-nominated performance as Abraham Lincoln breaks fresh ground . For the first time , he 's not playing an estranged outsider , but rather a man at the epicenter of his society , exercising the levers of power to -- successfully -- bend a system toward his will . And that will is not of a personal and/or self-destructive variety ; instead , it 's a collective moral vision codified in a 13th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution to end slavery . The novelty of the performance does n't end there . We all know about figures who attain greatness in public life but whose private lives are a mess , repellent , or both . Abraham Lincoln has rarely been portrayed as a tyrant  except by die-hard Confederates  , but often as inscrutable . But more than any other actor , even Henry Fonda 's folksy "  Young Mr. Lincoln "  1939  , Day-Lewis ' version seems like a likable , three-dimensional human being . He seems equally at ease chatting with troops , black and white , as he is in spinning a yarn for his Cabinet . He argues with his wife and son to the point of losing his temper  there 's a memorable slap at Robert Lincoln , played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt  . Much has been made of Day-Lewis ' rendition of Lincoln 's voice , free of the stentorian tones one might expect of a man of his literal or figurative stature ; contemporaries reported it as high and reedy , which is how the actor renders it here . This Lincoln is a man of moderation . Though clearly trying to lead public opinion in the face of significant political opposition , he 's no radical ; his foil in the film is Rep. Thaddeus Stevens  Tommy Lee Jones  who indeed was part of a Republican-party faction impatient with Lincoln 's pace on emancipation . Stevens is portrayed far more kindly in "  Lincoln " than he was almost a century ago as the villain of D.W. Griffith 's 1915 epic "  Birth of a Nation , " but the film ultimately affirms Lincoln 's recognition that compromise  including possible moral compromise  is an indispensable element of statecraft . Yet for all the novelty of this performance , the role is of a piece with Day-Lewis ' larger body of work . For while his Lincoln is far more integrated into the fabric of his society than any of his other characters , he remains a man who struggles against a sense of isolation , whether personal or political , amid the maelstrom . Unable to escape the fierce hatreds that rage around him , he becomes a casualty in a war he is determined to prosecute toward a just end . The truest Americans , Day-Lewis seems to be telling us , are those who can never be fully at home in the world : Our collective character is a restless one . It 's an insight with which Day-Lewis may make some history of his own .	Jim Cullen : If Daniel-Day Lewis wins best actor award at the Oscars , it will be a record Cullen : Day-Lewis has made the most impact by playing Americans , notably frontiersmen He says the actor 's version of Lincoln seems like a likable , three-dimensional human being Cullen : Day-Lewis seems to be telling us that the truest Americans are the restless ones
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You can almost picture it now : Paris Hilton swallowed up by a tight-fitting futuristic designer space suit -- one hand waving at the on-flight camera , the other clasping a Dior "  space traveler " handbag . Tighter fit : Massachusetts Insititute of Technology researchers are working on a new , sleeker space suit . Oh yes , with the age of space tourism upon us , space fashion looks set to become the next step into this infinite world of adventure . One factor certain to drive the fashion-crazy towards space concepts is the super-wealthy space tourists  reportedly paying a minimum price of $ 200,000 per seat  who are set to make trips into orbit an everyday occurrence for those with deep pockets . And space-inspired fashion is already making cosmic waves in the design world . Earlier this year a space fashion show was held in Yokohama , Japan and featured at the Japan Aerospace 2008 exhibition . Last year Louis Vuitton held an exhibition at the Espace Louis Vuitton in Paris titled "  The Temptation of Space " which included an installation by legendary French designer Philippe Starck . That show followed two international space fashion shows in Japan and the U.S. David Jankowski , president and founder of DestinySpace , one of the organizations actively involved in the world of apparel for the final frontier , said space fashion is more than just a fad . "  Space fashion is important and will be in the next generation of space suits . I do n't know how much we will see at the beginning because simpler versions of space attire are going to be what people are interested in , " he said . "  But there will be some sense of fashion involved . I would like something futuristic if I was going up into space . " Jankowski said the organizer of the space fashion shows , Misuzu Onuki , had gone to great lengths to prepare the shows , and they had attracted massive amounts of interest . Forecasting that space travelers would soon become fashion-conscious , Jankowski likened the situation to the beginnings of commercial air travel . "  Women had certain dresses and jackets to wear just for flying in the airplane . Back then it was this brand new experience and you had to dress for it . " And there is no doubt space fashion is being taken seriously . DestinySpace and a similar company called Rocketplane are looking at forming a space fashion organization with other partners , while the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  is looking at a new slim-fit space suit . NASA also is looking to design a new "  Constellation " suit especially for space travelers . Jankowski said the space fashion shows were important for a variety of reasons . "  The event got people to start thinking about space tourism . The whole reason behind the show was to get people thinking about it and make it something that everyone can participate in . " While space travel may be inaccessible to many , a fashion show is something the average person can participate in , he said . The shows had produced a variety of results , Jankowski said . "  Some of those I can see being worn in space , but others just were n't practical . Some of the bigger gowns were ` space-inspired fashion , ' but people need to be comfortable and free in space , so I 'm not sure they would work . " So where will the line between fashion and practicality fall ? Jeff Feige of U.S. space suit designers Orbital Outfitters felt there would be a move towards fashion-oriented space suit design in the next few years . "  I think we will see a move towards thinking about the fashion side of things , but at the same time people still want something that works , " he said . "  At the end of the day it 's survival equipment , so how can you make that look good ? You just do the best you can . " A company related to Orbital Outfitters , Global Effects , has made space suits for many major space-related movies , including "  Apollo 13 " and "  Armageddon . " "  If you name the space film , we have probably made the suits for it , " Feige said , reeling off a list . He felt the focus of space fashion will become more concentrated on real space hardware , rather than just space-inspired fashion . In terms of design changes , Feige said a move towards a slimmer suit was inevitable . "  What we have started doing is making them less baggy when they 're not in use . " However , with standard suits designed using "  mechanical counter-pressure , " where the wearer was literally in a bag full of gas , Feige was still unsure about how the MIT technology would develop . "  MIT 's suit uses the material to push on you . That works well for the arms and legs , but wherever you have non-uniform parts of the body , it 's not so good , " he said . He said there were some production issues facing all space suit-making projects . "  The technology is not so hard , it 's how to make lots of them and how to make them more cheaply . " Still , Feige was confident that more space travelers would mean more demand , more companies , more technological breakthroughs and eventually more fashionable suits .	NASA , Orbital Outfitters and MIT all involved in designing new space suits Experts believe space-suit design will become more fashion conscious Several space fashion shows have already been held
CNN  -- New Inter Milan coach Claudio Ranieri suffered his first defeat on Saturday as Joel Obi was sent off in an ill-tempered 3-0 home reverse against new Serie A leaders Napoli . Inter were already annoyed to have a 24th-minute goal by Giampaolo Pazzini ruled out for offside , but tempers flared when Nigeria international midfielder Obi was sent to the dressing room for his second yellow card four minutes before halftime . Television replays showed that Obi pushed Christian Maggio outside the box , but a penalty was awarded by Gianluca Rocchi . Marek Hamsik 's spot-kick was saved by Julio Cesar but Hugo Campagnaro followed up to deftly score from the rebound , and the goal was allowed to stand despite the defender clearly being inside the area when the penalty was taken . Cesar was booked for shouting at the match official , and the Brazilian was lucky not to be sent off as he continued to harass him . An angry Ranieri watched the second half from the stands , and saw Napoli take control as Maggio capitalized on poor defending by Japanese defender Yuto Nagatomo to beat a stranded Cesar in the 56th minute . Inter survived an incredible close-range miss from Juan Zuniga , but Hamsik settled the match with 15 minutes to play as he beat the offside trap to collect a pass from Ezequiel Lavezzi and beat Cesar . "  He was n't equal in his decisions , it was an unfair game , " Ranieri told reporters in quotes carried by AFP . "  The first half was a great game but Obi was given a first yellow card when he clearly won the ball . "  Then  the foul  was outside the area and he was given a second yellow card and he was off . That ruined the game . "  It 's a shame because we tried very hard , but  the referee  messed up everything there was to mess up . " The result put Napoli on 10 points -- two clear of Juventus , Udinese and Roma -- after completing an early-season double over the two Milan clubs . Juve host defending champions AC Milan in the pick of Sunday 's matches , while Udinese are at home to second-bottom Bologna . Inter , who had won the first two matches of Ranieri 's reign , remained on four points after five matches -- just above the relegation zone . Roma earlier ended Atalanta 's unbeaten start to the season with a 3-1 home victory . Pre-season signings Bojan Krkic and Pablo Osvaldo gave the capital club a 2-0 halftime lead before Argentine striker German Denis reduced the deficit soon after the interval . Brazilian midfielder Simplicio netted with nine minutes to go , giving Luis Enrique 's side a second successive win and leaving Atalanta on four points along with Inter and promoted Novara . In Spain , Malaga went top of La Liga with a last-gasp 3-2 victory at home to Getafe as Brazilian forward Julio Baptista scored a spectacular overhead kick two minutes into injury-time . Getafe had Algerian midfielder Medhi Lacen sent off for a second booking soon after Miku made it 2-1 , but Malaga equalized with two minutes to play through Italian midfielder Enzo Maresca . Big-spending Malaga lead on goal difference from Valencia , who earlier moved up to 13 points with a 1-0 win at home to lowly Granada thanks to an early long-range left-foot strike from Sergio Canales . Previous leaders Real Betis host Levante on Sunday , when fourth-placed champions Barcelona travel to Sporting Gijon and last season 's runners-up Real Madrid visit Espanyol . In Saturday 's other matches , Mallorca came from behind to draw 2-2 at Osasuna as Israeli striker Tomer Hemed netted twice from the penalty spot . Villarreal needed a late leveler from Paraguay midfielder Hernan Perez to earn a 2-2 draw at home to Real Zaragoza , while Rayo Vallecano drew 1-1 at Racing Santander .	Inter Milan beaten 3-0 at home by Napoli as Joel Obi is sent off in first half Visitors top Italian league table ahead of Juventus-AC Milan clash on Sunday Coach Claudio Ranieri suffers his first defeat in charge of Inter Malaga went top in Spain with a last-gasp 3-2 victory at home to Getafe
CNN  -- A Georgia man allegedly slapped a toddler at a Walmart store because she would n't stop crying , authorities said . Roger Stephens allegedly slapped a stranger 's crying toddler in a Walmart store in Stone Mountain , Georgia . Roger Stephens , 61 , was arrested Monday and charged with first-degree cruelty to children . An incident report obtained from police in Gwinnett County indicated Stephens did not know the 2-year-old girl he stands accused of hitting . The confrontation happened shortly before noon at the Walmart in Stone Mountain , a suburb of Atlanta . According to the arresting officer , the child 's mother said her daughter was crying as they walked down one of the aisles . The mother said a stranger later identified as Stephens approached them and said , "  If you do n't shut the baby up , I will shut her up for you . " Watch what the stranger said " A few moments later , while the mother and the crying child were in another aisle , Stephens allegedly grabbed the girl and slapped her across the face . Police said he hit her four or five times . "  See , I told you I would shut her up , " the suspect allegedly told the mother . Authorities described "  slight redness " to the toddler 's face . Before he was arrested , Stephens apologized to the mother for striking the girl , the incident report said . Stephens , a Stone Mountain resident , is being held by the Gwinnett County Sheriff 's Department .	Roger Stephens , 61 , is charged with first-degree cruelty to children Authorities say he slapped a crying little girl in a Walmart store The child 's mother says she does not know the suspect
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother will be called back to testify by AEG Live as its last witness in their defense of Katherine Jackson 's wrongful-death lawsuit on Monday , an AEG Live lawyer said Wednesday . AEG Live lead attorney Marvin Putnam said he would question the 83-year-old Jackson family matriarch "  about the absurdity of the damages " she wants the jury to award if they decide the concert promoter is liable in the pop icon 's death . A Jackson lawyer argued that AEG Live 's "  intent is to show the lawsuit 's purpose is greed , " while the judge suggested that any mother could be expected to say "  there is no amount of money that would substitute for the loss of her son . " Putnam has frequently cited in interviews a "  statement of damages " letter sent to him by a Jackson lawyer last year capping possible damages at $ 40 billion , but the judge ruled that he could not refer to it in court because it was not a sworn filing in the case . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle pointed out that the lawsuit complaint only says that damages would be "  according to proof at trial , " based on testimony by several expert witnesses who have testified . Katherine Jackson and grandchildren Prince , Paris and Blanket contend that AEG Live is liable in the singer 's death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live argues that Jackson chose and controlled Murray and that its executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving him in his bedroom . Jackson expert Arthur Erk -- a certified public accountant who has managed and audited the business affairs of many top artists -- testified that he was "  reasonably certain " that Jackson would have earned at least $ 1.5 billion from touring , endorsements and sponsorships had he not died from a propofol overdose preparing for his comeback tour . "  It is very difficult to assess the value of the King of Pop , " Jackson lawyer Deborah Chang told the judge Wednesday . "  How do you even do that ? " The non-economic damages suffered because of Michael Jackson 's death could be enormous considering "  what happened to Paris Jackson , " she said . Jackson 's 15-year-old daughter attempted suicide in June and remains in a treatment program . The $ 40 billion estimate made last year was not a court filing but was a "  best guess " before the expert reports were completed , Chang said . Jackson lawyers seemed to welcome the prospect of AEG Live calling their client as their final witness , considering how jurors reacted when she was on the stand in July . Jurors leaned forward and paid close attention during her two days of testimony as the last witness in their case . "  Why are you here ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked her . "  Because I want to know what really happened to my son , " she said . "  And that 's why I am here . " Panish asked Jackson how it made her feel to be asked probing and personal questions about her family by AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam . "  It makes me feel real bad , because my son was a very good person , " she said . "  He loved everybody . He gave to charity . He was in the Guinness Book of World Records for giving to charity . " in July , she told jurors she filed the wrongful death lawsuit against AEG Live "  because I want to know what really happened to my son . " If jurors decide that AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death , they could award damages based on the loss of the mother 's and children 's relationship with him and the amount of money he was unable to earn because his life was cut short . After AEG Live rests its case -- which lawyers indicated would happen Monday -- the Jackson lawyers would have a chance to call several rebuttal witnesses . Closing arguments in the trial , which began in April , could be heard as soon as next week .	AEG LIve lawyers want another chance to question Katherine Jackson in death trial Lawyer : Jackson 's mom will be asked "  about the absurdity of the damages " she wants Judge : Any mother would say "  no amount of money would substitute for the loss of a son " Wrongful death trial closing arguments could be heard next week
CNN  -- Terrified passengers called loved ones to say goodbye as their powerless airplane coasted toward an emergency landing on a highway in Hawaii , a man on board said afterward . The passenger , who asked to remain anonymous , spoke to Hawaii News Now about the frightening flight , which ended with no injuries to the eight passengers and two pilots on board the small island-hopper commercial plane . The trouble began about 13 minutes into the flight Monday night from Maui to Hawaii 's Big Island , the passenger said , when there was a loud bang and then a loss of power . "  It just went ` boom ' and then ... there was a series of sparks and stuff flying out of the aircraft , " the man said . The pilots turned the crippled single-engine Cessna , operated by Mokulele Airlines , around and headed back toward Maui . Banner plane crashes near stadium As the plane coasted in the dark , passengers braced for the worst , the passenger said . "  I think we 're gon na crash ! " and "  I love you " were some of the phrases he heard . An airline expert told Hawaii News Now that the aircraft 's apparent "  catastrophic engine failure " was a "  worst-case scenario . " "  I give  the pilots  a 10 , a 10-plus because any time you ... lose power , you 're coming down rapidly , " said Jeff Erb , a commercial pilot and former flight instructor . "  You have very few options . " The anonymous passenger said the pilots "  pointed the plane sort of -- not a direct nose dive -- but we definitely dropped the nose down and started picking up speed again . " That maneuver , Erb explained , allowed the pilots to keep the aircraft gliding for a longer time while they looked for a place to land . Spotting the highway below , the pilots began to descend . But the passenger told Hawaii News Now that the plane 's high speed was a concern -- as were power lines , traffic lights and even cars on the roadway . Chicago flight to Shanghai turns back after bird strike "  We were coming in roughly two or three times faster than a normal landing approach , " he said . "  We were coming in so fast and so hard and all the cars and everything , I thought for sure we were not going to do too well with this landing . " Passengers screamed as the Cessna 's landing gear hit the highway , the man said . The aircraft knocked over a couple of highway signs before skidding to a stop . All aboard were shaken but safe . Aircraft makes emergency landing in Rome "  Everybody was just sort of hugging each other and hugging the pilots and stuff , " the passenger said . "  I think the pilots did an exceptional job . I think they were in shock . " National Transportation Safety Board investigators inspected the plane , which was moved to an empty lot near Wailea , as they try to determine why its engine failed . Hawaii News Now contacted Mokulele Airlines for a comment but did not receive a response . Passenger lands plane after pilot falls ill	Plane over Hawaii has "  catastrophic engine failure " Eight passengers , two pilots on board single-engine Cessna Pilots dropped nose of aircraft so it could coast Screams on board as plane skidded to a stop on highway
CNN  -- An off-duty fire department official in Columbus , Ohio , had to be resuscitated Saturday after being struck by lightning , Columbus Fire Battalion Chief Tracy Smith told CNN . The lieutenant with the Columbus Division of Fire went into cardiac arrest after the lightning strike at the Columbus Crew Stadium , Smith said . He was transported to Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center where he remains in critical condition , Smith said . According to the firefighters union 's Facebook page , the man who was struck is Lt. Stu Tudor , and firefighters as well as Columbus Police Department personnel are keeping watch at Tudor 's bedside . The man was attending a charity soccer event , Smith said . The game was postponed because of the storm , according to the Columbus Crew Facebook page . Brad Williams , who was attending the game with his 5-year-old son , said he did n't see Tudor get hit , but was among the thousands caught up in the intense storm . "  It was huge , we could literally feel it , " Williams said of the lightning . "  I could easily see everyone jump back gasping , ` Oh my God . ' " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Fan at game describes the lightning storm as intense Lt. Stu Tudor was struck by lightning at a Columbus Crew charity game He is in critical condition , fire official says
CNN  -- With the April 15 tax filing deadline fast approaching , top Justice Department tax lawyers are pressing efforts to prosecute tax cheats in a cat-and-mouse game with billions of dollars at stake . "  We basically see the same attempts over and over again â $ " it runs the range , " Kathryn Keneally , assistant attorney general for the Tax Division , said Tuesday . She said despite the forced spending cuts , also known as the sequester , the Tax Division , along with the IRS , expects to aggressively pursue tax violators . "  The IRS and Department of Justice have made significant strides in recent months to combat tax fraud , identity theft and offshore tax evasion , " said Steven Miller , acting IRS commissioner . Keneally said government prosecutors had achieved a 95 % success rate in all civil and criminal cases they had litigated in the past year . Prosecutors from the Justice Department obtained 127 indictments , which resulted in 137 convictions . Altogether the Tax Division has authorized 938 grand jury investigations , resulting in 1,751 prosecutions , according to a news release issued Tuesday by the Justice Department . The Justice Department said it had collected $ 290 million through civil litigation and retained more than $ 1 billion in requested refunds that officials prevented from being issued . The federal investigators are particularly focused on the use of foreign tax havens , which they believe can account for $ 100 billion annually . Government tax lawyers were particularly pleased with the guilty plea of Wegelin Bank of Switzerland in January . The oldest private bank in Switzerland was the first overseas bank to plead guilty to felony tax charges . The bank admitted it had tried to defraud the United States by helping American account holders hide assets from the IRS in undeclared accounts . In the past year the United States has charged eight bankers and 11 account holders in connection with investigations into offshore banks located in Switzerland , India and Israel . The Justice Department says it is also targeting individuals engaged in stolen identity refund fraud . In this scheme , criminals illegally obtain Social Security numbers and other identifying information then file false returns and pocket the refunds . Keneally said authorities are still plagued by tax dodgers who purposely refuse to comply with the tax laws and use "  frivolous " arguments to support their actions . The government has had some success in recent years targeting some of the leading dodgers who have claimed constitutional backing for their anti-tax views .	Foreign tax havens , identity fraud are priorities for the Tax Division Justice Department is working with the IRS to prosecute tax cheats Some tax dodgers cite "  constitutional " reasons why they do n't have to pay
CNN  -- They are everywhere , Haiti 's precious and beautiful children . They make up more than a third of the country 's 10 million-plus population . You see them on rooftops -- where there are rooftops -- flying kites . You see them gathered in small circles on the ground -- where the ground is not muddy -- playing marbles . You see them skip around where the ground is muddy , sometimes bathing in water from manholes . You see them link hands and run in a circle while singing a song associated with the won , the Haitian equivalent of "  Ring Around the Rosie . " You see them fight for a turn at jumping rope . You see them twirl a bicycle wheel with a bent rope hanger and in that act you can see the dream of one day actually driving the rest of the bike , or a motorcycle , a car or an airplane . You see them carry gallons and buckets of water on tiny heads that have no place to rest . You see them suddenly appear in the middle of Port-au-Prince 's impenetrable traffic and , dressed in dirty rags , plop an even dirtier rag on the hood of your car . You see them file in and out of the same traffic wearing striking school uniforms with different color plaid tops . Sometimes you see them wearing their Sunday best in the middle of the week . For more about CNN 's "  Rescued " documentary , read here You see them packed into tents made of sticks and bedsheets -- and if they 're lucky , tarp or plastic -- and some of them appear listless , their bloated bellies and reddened hair competing for your attention . If you say hello , some will answer you but they will avoid your gaze , both out of respect for you and shame at their condition . You see them stand in lines , backs straight even while the sun beats down on their heads and sweat rolls down their faces , as they wait for a bottle of water or a plate of food . You see them wobble on makeshift crutches for their newly amputated limbs even as they wince from pain that even some adults would find difficult to bear . Nevertheless they are children , Haiti 's future . The January 12 , 2010 , earthquake changed their lives . Many watched loved ones die , lost family members and other caretakers , one or both of their parents , siblings . Many were stuck in the rubble of their homes and were rescued several days later . Yet in spite of everything , they dream , they laugh , they live , they love . Like most other children , they adore seeing their faces reflected in the back of a digital camera . "  Madame , Madame , " they will say respectfully if they want to ask or tell you something . During such a conversation , I tell a little girl who is the same age as my eldest daughter , Mira , "  At home I have one exactly like you . " "  There is no one exactly like me , " she replies . She 's right . No child is exactly like any other , but all children want and need some basic things : food , shelter , safety , education , love . Ti moun se richès , says the Haitian proverb . Our children are our treasures . Some of them are diamonds in the rough . Some of them are brilliant , nearly illuminated beings . Now some are also scarred , both physically and psychologically . In one large tent city , I find the 7-year-old son of a man I knew growing up . The boy is in the camp with his mother while his father is in Miami , Florida , with his baby sister , whose hip was broken during the earthquake . "  I sleep during the day , " he says , "  because the thieves come at night . " The child he plays with most often is an orphan who was taken in by a neighbor . After the earthquake , people kept asking me , "  Why do n't we see Haitians adopting Haitian kids ? Why is it always the blan , the foreigners , the missionaries ? " Many Haitians adopt informally . If they did n't you would see many more abandoned children on the earthquake-ravaged streets of Haiti 's capital and in the countryside . Some kids do fall prey to the local restavèk system of child labor , but others are taken into loving homes , sharing equally the little bit their guardians have . Haiti 's children have suffered more than any child , or adult , should have to , yet they still represent the best that Haiti has to offer . The potential for a better country rests on their shoulders . The survival of Haiti 's children means the survival of Haiti . Their success guarantees the country 's future . Like children all over the world , Haiti 's children are resilient and brave , but they are also children , our children . If , as the African proverb states , it takes a village to raise a child , it will take several villages to raise these children . When it was discovered that the "  orphans " who were being taken to the Dominican Republic by the 10 Idaho missionaries had parents , some people asked me how Haitian mothers and fathers could simply give their children away . I offered them the answer that a mother who turned her child over to an orphanage years ago recently gave me . "  It 's like the way they were cutting up people 's limbs to save their lives after the earthquake . I cut my heart out by letting my child go . Even if it means I have to cry every single day for the rest of my life , I want my child to have a future . " That future sometimes seems illusive . But it is as real as the children themselves . Worn out perhaps , but not totally defeated , dreaming , laughing , playing , living with a glint of hope and promise in their eyes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edwidge Danticat .	Edwidge Danticat says Haiti 's children are brave and resilient She says they have endured great hardship since the earthquake Danticat : The survival of Haiti rests on the childrens ' shoulders CNN report on Haiti 's children , "  Rescued , " airs Saturday , May 8 at 8 pm ET
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's oldest son launched his showbiz career this week with a gig as a guest correspondent for "  Entertainment Tonight , " a job his aunt La Toya Jackson arranged . The first assignment for Prince Michael Jackson , who celebrated his 16th birthday last Wednesday , was an interview with actors James Franco , Zach Braff and director Sam Raimi about their remake of "  The Wonderful Wizard of Oz . " "  I 'm looking to become well-rounded as a producer , director , screenwriter and actor , " Prince Jackson told ET 's Brooke Anderson , who coached him on interviewing techniques . Michael Jackson 's sister La Toya was "  very instrumental " in setting up the job , a source close to her told CNN . "  Prince came to her and asked for her help in starting his career , " said the source , who was not authorized to talk to the media . La Toya , who owns an entertainment company , "  was like an onset mom ! " during the shoot , the source said . "  She was so caring , making sure he looked great , going over his script with him , and just  being  there for him 1000 % , coaching him for each day he worked . " ET will broadcast clips from the interview throughout this week . Michael Jackson 's three children -- Prince , Paris and Blanket -- were kept out of public view until they appeared at his memorial service , when Jackson died in 2009 . Family , fans mark Michael Jackson 's death three years later Since then , Prince has made public appearances , including at events to honor his father . In February 2010 , at the age of 12 , Prince Jackson accepted a Grammy for lifetime achievement on behalf of the iconic entertainer . In the fall of the following year , he autographed replicas of Michael Jackson 's "  Beat It " and "  Thriller " leather jackets for a special sale on Amazon.com . Though he will inherit millions from his father 's estate , he is determined to make his own money , a lawyer for the Jackson family has said . He wants to do it all , Prince Jackson told Anderson . But he has said that he ca n't sing or dance like his father . Revisit Jacksons ' most animated performance CNN 's Alan Duke reported from Los Angeles ; Ben Brumfield from Atlanta .	NEW : La Toya Jackson arranged the reporting job for Prince Jackson NEW : Prince asked his aunt "  for her help in starting his career , " a source says Entertainment Tonight will air his first interview in chunks throughout the week Prince is due to inherit millions but wants to make his own money
CNN  -- When Howard Chiou went to Taiwan for his grandmother 's funeral , he had another dead person on his mind -- the cadaver he was dissecting in his anatomy class . The Emory University medical student kept dreaming about who this dead man might have been when he was alive . "  It was at the funeral that I learned that one of my uncles had the ability to see ghosts , " said Chiou , sharing his story at Carapace , a monthly oral storytelling event in Atlanta . "  During the entire funeral , my uncle 's there giving a play by play of what my grandmother 's doing in spirit form , " telling guests that she was happy they were present . After the funeral , the uncle listened to Chiou 's dreams and suggested a diagnosis of "  spirit attachment " and treatment for the body 's restless spirit . As Chiou led up to the last day of his anatomy class three years ago , Carapace 's standing room only crowd waited on pins and needles to hear if he applied his uncle 's treatment to the body . Atlanta residents Randy Osborne and Joyce Mitchell started Carapace more than a year ago as a local chapter of the Moth , a New York City-based oral storytelling group with a growing number of programs around the country  and a few in other countries  . The Atlanta group , which broke away from the Moth and held its first independent event last month , is one of a growing number of oral storytelling groups across the country telling true stories before a live audience . Many people in the audience usually make up the potential list of storytellers for the night . Veteran Carapace storyteller Tim Banks , a retired Delta employee , shared the tale of a hawk that kept vigil with mourners after his brother 's funeral . Only after hawks continued to visit him did he mention it to his sister-in-law , who told him that his brother loved hawks and would stop the car to watch them anytime he spotted them . Atlanta advertising executive Ben Yaun , a first-timer at the event but a teller of stories within his family , held the audience captive with a tale of an enormous , attacking snapping turtle that took over a fishing trip from his childhood . "  It was prehistoric , I tell you , it was prehistoric ! " he shouted to laughter from the audience . "  There 's no other type of performance really where the audience becomes the performer and becomes the audience again , " Osborne said . "  There 's the intimacy of telling a story without any notes . You 're singing your own song and telling your own story . You 're getting up there and finding your way in front of the audience 's eyes . " Carapace rules are simple : Put your name in the hat and you might get picked , tell a personal story , keep it to five minutes , no notes , no political rants , no poetry , no grudges , no propaganda . Have a beginning , middle and end . Know the last line of your story . Pay your tab . Check out Carapace 's Facebook page for the complete set of rules . Author George Dawes Green gets a lot of credit for the recent growth in oral storytelling as performance . Green founded the Moth in 1997 in his New York loft , inspired by nights with friends drinking Jack Daniels , playing poker and telling stories at his friend Wanda 's home on St. Simons Island in Georgia . The group was named after the moths that would sneak through the rotten porch screens , drawn to the lights . "  Storytelling seems to be in our DNA , " said Green , author of "  The Juror , " "  Ravens " and "  The Caveman 's Valentine . " "  Stories are the ways in which we can impart dense clusters of information glued together by emotion . It 's really how we learn about the world in a way we can grasp and remember . " The Moth has grown into a nonprofit with professional staff that runs storytelling events and competitions in New York , Los Angeles , Detroit and Chicago  with more cities to come  as well as storytelling training for corporations and high schools and community centers in underserved neighborhoods . There is also a Peabody-award winning Moth Radio Hour on public radio . Oral historian Stephen Sloan says oral storytelling speaks to our identity as human beings , and he is n't surprised at the recent popularity of true stories told live . "  Before technology , storytelling was how you knew what was meaningful , how you had any deep understanding of who you were and what your place was in the world , " said Sloan , a history professor and director of Baylor University 's Institute for Oral History . "  It was the way those ideas were communicated to us . That same thread is in these stories , the unscripted nature of it , the reality of it , the rawness of it . Something significant and very deep is conveyed through the relating of experience . " Those stories attract large crowds to Moth 's flagship Mainstage programs in New York and elsewhere . The Moth staff chooses a theme and invites five people from all walks of life -- some known and some not known to the audience -- to tell 10-minute first person stories on stage , said Moth artistic director Catherine Burns . Although the stories are n't strictly memorized , the artistic staff helps the storyteller to frame stories so they know where they 're going with their tales . "  It takes an enormous amount of work but that 's what we 're dedicating to doing , " Burns said . As the Moth has grown and partnered with interested storytellers to launch "  MothUP " affiliates in various cities around the country , a few local groups have chafed against rules more recently required by the national organization . The Moth intended MothUP affiliates to help create Moth StorySLAMs , which are the Moth 's storytelling competitions , in those cities . The local groups in Atlanta and St. Louis have created communities of storytellers who have found a family , where a laugh or nod tells the teller that he has connected with the audience . The members were n't as interested in competition . Founders of both groups found they were violating other Moth rules : They had too many people attending to fit into a living room  a location requirement  and neither wanted to charge admission . Atlanta did n't want to have judging . St. Louis gave preference to first-time storytellers . "  We open the stage to anyone who wants to tell a story and we try to fit in as many stories as we can , " said Stacey Wehe , a founder of the St. Louis group , now named the Saint Louis Ten . Both sides describe the parting as amicable . "  We underestimated what the demand would be , which is a luxury problem to have , " Burns said . The Atlanta and St. Louis groups "  got to a size that was n't what the program was supposed to be . We did n't want to hold them back but we were n't ready to launch a slam there . We hope we 'll do more in those cities eventually . " Back at Manuel 's Tavern in Atlanta , where Carapace holds its free monthly get-togethers , any storyteller who did n't get picked to speak was invited to come up on stage at the end of the evening to share their first , last or best line . Carapace 's Osborne says it tends to be a popular part of the program , and that June night is no different . Atlanta resident Shannon Turner , who was raised in the oral storytelling tradition in Appalachia , has the crowd wanting more with her single line : "  And that , my friends , is how God kept me a virgin . "	Carapace is an oral storytelling group that has people tell true stories before an audience Rules : Tell a personal story , keep it to five minutes , no notes , no political rants , no poetry The Moth runs storytelling competitions in New York , Los Angeles , Detroit and Chicago
The European Union has imposed sanctions related to the crisis in Ukraine on another 15 people , bringing the total number targeted to 48 . The EU said the people are collectively responsible for actions that "  undermine or threaten the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of Ukraine . " The targets include Dmitry Kozak , Russia 's deputy prime minister ; Russian military chief Valery Gerasimov ; and pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine , including Denis Pushilin , the self-declared leader of the "  Donetsk People 's Republic . " EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said she was alarmed by the worsening security situation in eastern Ukraine , and she called on Russia to take "  concrete steps " in support of an international deal signed this month aimed at easing tensions . She warned that if necessary , the European Union "  will look at possible additional individual measures " related to the crisis . Ashton also condemned an attack on the mayor of Kharkiv on Monday and the continued detention by pro-Russian militants of a team of military observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . "  All persons still illegally detained by armed groups in eastern Ukraine need to be immediately released , " she said . On Tuesday , pro-Russian activists in eastern Ukraine took control of the regional government headquarters in Luhansk . Video shows them as they approach the building , smash doors , wave flags and chant "  Russia ! Russia ! " Pro-Russia activists also tried to break into that city 's police headquarters by ramming a truck at the entrance , according to state-run news agency Ukrinform . A local reporter for Ukrinform , who was on the scene at police headquarters , described a fight , involving an explosion and gunfire . The activists demanded that police surrender their weapons and exit headquarters . They also claimed that the Luhansk police chief had submitted his resignation and that a new "  people 's police " chief had been "  assigned , " though not everyone in the crowd agreed with the selection , the news agency reported . On his official website , Acting President Oleksander Turchinov said the events in eastern Ukraine "  illustrated inactivity , helplessness , and sometimes criminal betrayal of the law enforcement agencies in the Donetsk and  Luhansk  regions . " He said , "  It is hard to admit , but it is true . The vast majority of the law enforcement officials in the East are not able to fulfill their obligations to protect our citizens . " New heads of security have been appointed in Donetsk and Luhansk , he said . Western nations accuse Moscow of supporting the separatist gunmen who are occupying official buildings in cities across the region and are holding the OSCE team hostage . Russia disputes that claim , saying it has no direct influence over the pro-Russian activists . Russia : ` Are n't you ashamed ? ' In a statement on its website Tuesday , the Russian Foreign Ministry said the EU sanctions "  can not but cause rejection " and show a lack of comprehension of Ukraine 's internal political situation . "  Instead of making the Kiev faction sit at the negotiating table with southeastern Ukraine , our partners follow Washington 's lead with new unfriendly gestures regarding Russia , " it said . The EU action is "  a direct invitation for local neo-Nazis to continue to promote anarchy and outrages regarding the civilians of the southeast , " it said , repeating Russia 's contention that ultranationalist groups are behind the unrest in Ukraine . The statement concluded with the question , "  Are n't you ashamed ? " On Monday , Russia promised a painful response to sanctions imposed by the United States . Sergei Ryabkov , Russia 's deputy minister for foreign relations , called the U.S. measures "  meaningless , shameful , and disgusting . " "  It will only intensify all the processes in Ukraine which it intends to change or stop , " Ryabkov told CNN , speaking English . "  The U.S. does literally nothing to impress its cronies and clients in Kiev on whom there is full responsibility for constant deterioration of the situation in Ukraine . This is what needs to be changed and not the policy of Russia . "  A response of Moscow will follow , and it will be painfully felt in Washington . " Russia has not specified what measures it will impose against Western interests . According to Russia 's state-run ITAR-Tass news agency , Russian President Vladimir Putin said his government has proposed imposing sanctions against the EU and the United States , but that he has not yet authorized them . "  The government of the Russian Federation has already proposed some retaliatory steps . I think there 's not a need , " the President reportedly told journalists . "  We would not like to resort to some steps -- retaliatory measures . I hope there will be no need , " Putin said , according to ITAR-Tass . Ukraine crisis : The full sanctions list U.S. sanctions But U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry appeared unfazed . He pledged Tuesday in an address to the Atlantic Council , a Washington think tank , that NATO would stand united to defend its members ' territorial integrity . In its latest round of sanctions , the United States targeted seven Russian government officials and 17 companies linked to Putin . The White House said the seven Russians , including two from Putin 's inner circle , are subject to a freeze on any assets they may hold in the United States and a ban on U.S. travel . The two seen as closest to Putin are Igor Sechin , chairman of Russian oil giant Rosneft , and Sergey Chemezov , director general of Rostec , a state-owned industrial conglomerate in Russia . The companies the United States named are linked to officials and oligarchs who were designated last month , and the list included neither Rosneft itself nor gas exporter Gazprom . In addition , the United States will deny export license applications for any high-technology items that could contribute to Russian military capabilities . The Commerce and State departments will revoke any existing export licenses that meet these conditions , the White House said in a statement . The move , Obama told reporters in Manila , Philippines , was intended to spur Putin to "  walk the walk , not just talk the talk " in resolving the crisis in Ukraine . If the latest round of sanctions does not work , the next phase could target economic sectors like banking , Obama said . In all , the United States and European Union have imposed asset freezes and travel bans on 66 individuals , most of them senior Russian officials . The United States has sanctioned 18 companies in total . Analysis : Sanctions-lite wo n't move Russia ` Stolen assets ' Meanwhile , Britain is hosting a two-day international meeting aimed at helping Ukraine 's government recover stolen assets , following claims of widespread corruption within the government of ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . UK Home Secretary Theresa May , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and the head of the Ukrainian delegation , acting Prosecutor General Oleh Makhnitskyi , are all taking part in the London forum . "  What we have committed to do is to persevere , to follow leads wherever we can find them , " said Holder . Makhnitskyi said investigators were focused on years when Yanukovych and his associates were in charge . "  The Ukrainian society already demands results from the government , " he said . Yanukovych fled to Russia in February after months of street protests that were sparked by his decision to drop closer trade ties with Europe and turn instead toward Moscow . In Ukraine , presidential elections have been called for May 25 . But Oleg Tsarev said he had dropped out of the race . On his website , he said that he received death threats when he arrived in Kiev and that Ukrainian National Television turned down his request to participate in televised debates . "  In this regard , I have decided to withdraw my candidacy , because in such circumstances , being a candidate is not helpful , " Tsarev said . "  We will seek other channels and opportunities to convey our thoughts and positions to residents of the central and western Ukraine . " Ukraine crisis : Who will blink first , Vladimir Putin or the West ? Kharkiv mayor being treated in Israel Kharkiv Mayor Gennady Kernes , who underwent surgery after being shot in the back Monday , is being treated in Israel , a hospital official said Tuesday . Kernes arrived overnight at Elisha Hospital in Haifa , the hospital 's chief accountant Jacob Karwasser told CNN . The mayor was in stable condition , he said , and has family members with him . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the shooting . Police said an investigation was under way . Mayor of Ukrainian city shot ; West prepares more sanctions	"  I think there 's not a need " for "  retaliatory steps , " Russia 's President reportedly says Russian Foreign Ministry slams EU sanctions as "  new unfriendly gestures " EU sanctions list includes Russia 's deputy prime minister and its military chief EU foreign policy chief urges Russia to take concrete steps to ease situation in Ukraine
CNN  -- It 's been more than half a century since the U.S. military executed a service member . Army Pvt. John Bennett was hanged in 1961 at Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas , convicted of raping and attempting to kill an 11-year-old Austrian girl . The 26-year-old soldier 's execution barely made the newspapers , according to a profile of Bennett published in 2000 in the Los Angeles Times . But by today 's standards , it probably would have generated a huge amount of attention and controversy . Bennett was black , the Austrian girl was white , and Bennett 's defense was "  brief and ineffective , " the Times reported . The Times story went on to say that during the six years between Bennett 's trial and his execution , eight other black soldiers were executed -- but the six white prisoners on death row lived . The white prisoners "  had killed little girls or killed more than once . ... President Dwight Eisenhower commuted sentences of four . Two were spared by the court , " the paper said . And there was evidence in Bennett 's case that he suffered from mental health problems that , in today 's justice system , might have spared him . Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions The soldier 's lawyer never brought up Bennett 's mental history , and Bennett did n't testify , the newspaper said . "  The biggest concern with the military death penalty was that it fell disproportionately on African-American soldiers , " says Eugene R. Fidell , who teaches military justice at Yale Law School . During World War II , blacks accounted for less than 10 % of the Army . During the war , 70 soldiers were executed in Europe and , of those , 55 were black , wrote Dwight Sullivan , a military law expert , for the nonprofit Death Penalty Information Center , which analyzes and studies issues surrounding capital punishment . After President Harry Truman ordered an end to segregation in the armed forces in 1948 , the racial disparity in executions increased , Sullivan said . Between 1954 and 1961 , 11 of 12 service members executed were black . A 2012 study that analyzed racial disparity in military death penalty cases between 1984 and 2005 found minorities were twice as likely as whites to be given the death penalty , a finding considerably higher than in civilian courts , said Catherine Grosso of Michigan State University 's College of Law , a co-author of the study . As commander-in-chief , the U.S. president is the only person who can sign a death warrant for a service member . Eisenhower signed off on Bennett 's execution , but by the time Bennett 's final day came , President John F. Kennedy was in office . "  The data were sufficiently troubling that when Pvt. Bennett 's case came before President Kennedy , an analysis was done of all military cases , and his staff was concerned about adverse public reaction , " Fidell said . "  In the end , JFK declined to interfere with the execution . " Apart from the Times story , few news outlets appear to have written about Bennett , an indigent son of a Virginia sharecropper . According to the paper , the ammunition handler and truck driver 's court-martial happened in Austria . The trial lasted five days . The girl , who the Times says was named Gertie , came into contact with her attacker while she was walking across a meadow in the town of Seizenham . Residents said that a man who looked like Bennett had stumbled into their homes , asking for a prostitute . Bennett , the paper said , claimed he and the girl had consensual sex . Later , the wife of an Army sergeant , said that the girl showed up at her home and repeatedly used the word N-word , the Times reported . Bennett was charged with rape , and prosecutors added a charge of attempted murder for leaving the girl in a meadow , the newspaper said . Gertie testified for the prosecution and pointed Bennett out at the trial , according to the Times . Bennett was in the disciplinary barracks ' boiler room at Leavenworth and "  waited calmly " as Col. Weldon W. Cox read his sentence , according to a 1994 Military Law Review article . Cox asked the condemned soldier whether he wanted to make a final statement . "  Yes , " he answered . "  I wish to take this last opportunity to thank you and each member of the staff for all you have done in my behalf . " Hagel orders review of military judicial authority CNN 's Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	Army Pvt. John Bennett executed in 1961 for raping Austrian girl Case would probably be controversial today ; black soldier 's defense was reportedly ineffective 26-year-old ammunition handler had mental defects not addressed at trial , paper says Number of blacks executed in military was disproportionate to whites , Yale prof says
CNN  -- Australian spin king Shane Warne suffered a losing return to cricket on Saturday as he was upstaged in the Melbourne Stars ' opening Big Bash League defeat by Sydney Thunder . Playing in his home city of Melbourne for the first time in five years , the 42-year-old conceded 19 runs from his two overs as David Warner smashed 102 from just 51 balls to give Sydney a six-wicket win with six deliveries to spare . Warner , who scored his maiden Test century in Australia 's recent defeat by New Zealand , smashed Warne over the boundary ropes twice as he hit six sixes in a successful chase to overhaul the Stars ' 153-7 from 20 overs . "  Did n't go to plan for us tonight but hey it 's only the first game . We will bounce back -- well played David Warner , looking forward to Brisbane , " Warne wrote on Twitter ahead of Tuesday 's match against the Heat . Warne retired from international cricket in 2007 but played in the Indian Premier League until earlier this year . He went into the match under an injury cloud after burning his hand while cooking , but was boosted when his partner , actress and model Elizabeth Hurley , performed the pre-game toss of the coin . She accompanied her son Damian and Warne 's children Brooke , Summer and Jackson in the middle of the Melbourne Cricket Ground . However , it was downhill from there for Warne as the Stars lost the toss and struggled after batting first . David Hussey top-scored with 52 as Warne was not required to bat , then Warner took center stage as he scored more than half his team 's runs . Meanwhile , South Africa crushed Sri Lanka by an innings and 81 runs in the first Test in Centurion on Saturday . Vernon Philander claimed his second five-wicket haul of the match to finish with figures of 10-102 as the tourists were bowled out for 150 in their second innings before tea on day three . Wicketkeeper Mark Boucher claimed six catches as he matched the national record for the fourth time . Sri Lanka trailed by 231 runs after the first innings , and slumped to 38-4 before lunch .	Shane Warne 's Melbourne Stars lose in spinner 's comeback match on Saturday Australia legend 's partner Elizabeth Hurley performed pre-match coin toss Warne upstaged as David Warner guides Sydney Thunder to a comfortable win South Africa crush Sri Lanka by an innings and 81 runs in first Test at Centurion
AOL Autos  -- If you have a heavy foot and may travel a bit over the speed limit , you might want to keep an eye out for these popular police car models . Not all police cars are as clearly marked as this one . What to watch for on the interstate The Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production . Renowned for its durability , many speeders have seen this unfortunate sight in their rear view mirror . But there are other patrol vehicles that road warriors should recognize , and many of them are faster than the popular Crown Vicky . Ford Crown Victoria Interceptor : The standard Officers value the Ford Crown Victoria Interceptor for its durability , size , and overall performance . These cruisers feature reinforced frames , a special 4.6-liter V-8 , and other heavy-duty components that enable them to handle high-speed chases . According to The Michigan State Police , the fastest Crown Victoria Interceptor will hit 128 mph . Chevrolet Impala : Under the radar The Chevy Impala is one of the best-selling cars in the U.S. . This makes it the perfect choice for police departments who want a car that blends in with traffic . The Impala 's familiar shape does n't stand out or call attention to itself . Fitted with the special Police Package  code 9C1  , this mid-size sedan with a 3.9-liter V-6 engine hits an impressive 140 mph . Chevrolet Tahoe : Probably not taking kids to soccer camp Some police departments need the strength and power that only a full-size SUV can deliver . Fitted with the special PPV option , the big Chevy Tahoe SUV can hit 133 mph thanks to its high-performance 5.3-liter V-8 with 320 horsepower . Look for the black wheels with tiny center hubcaps as a tip-off should you see one unmarked or without a light bar . Dodge Magnum : The wagon that knows how to haul Dodge produced their last Magnum police car in 2008 , but many police departments still have these station wagons in service . Fitted with the legendary 5.7-liter HEMI V-8 , the wagon can hit 131 mph and charge up to that speed with muscle-car type performance . The wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds . AOL Autos : Wonder wagons HUMMER H3 : Special duty The H3 may be the smallest model in the HUMMER family , but it remains a very capable off-road vehicle . The police-version of the H3 is fortified for running off-road and carries other equipment necessary for police duty . The H3 can be equipped with a 5.3-liter V-8 , but high-speed pursuit is not this vehicle 's forte , except when the chase is across a desert , through fields , or over the Rubicon . Harley-Davidson Electra Glide : King of the road Police departments also utilize an assortment of motorcycles in their quest to keep motorists safe . The Michigan State Police test two-wheelers on an annual basis and the Harley-Davidson Electra Glide is a perennial favorite . While the Harley offers other performance benefits , with a top speed of just 104 mph , they are not the best for high-speed pursuits . Dodge Charger : That cop car 's got a HEMI ! The sight of a Dodge Charger police car should be enough to make you think twice about attempting to out run an officer behind the wheel of one of these . Equipped with the 5.7-liter HEMI V-8 , the Charger can hit a staggering 146 mph . This makes the Dodge the fastest mainstream police car available . But what about vehicles that are n't mainstream ? AOL Autos : Fast cars -- join the 600 horsepower club Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 Harper Woods , Michigan borders Detroit : It 's a relatively quiet bedroom community that packs a big surprise for anyone speeding on the section of Interstate 94 running across its borders : a 2005 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 . Acquired to boost "  community relations " and to intimidate speeders , the Shelby 's supercharged 5.4-liter V-8 puts out 450 horsepower and will easily exceed 150 mph . AOL Autos : First drive of 2010 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 Police ID : What to look for in unmarked vehicles Departments often use unmarked vehicles , many of which will be identical to their fully outfitted cruisers . Unmarked cars and trucks enable more stealthy operations . Tips for identifying unmarked police cars include looking for ; light bars mounted in the rear window , municipal license plates , painted black wheels , and dividers between the front and rear seats . AOL Autos : Cops in the sky Future cop car : Coming to a highway near you Carbon Motors , a new company located in Georgia , is developing the E7 , a purpose-built police interceptor . With a wheelbase of 122-inches and an overall length of 200-inches , the E7 is bigger than current Crown Victoria or Charger cop cars . Power for the E7 will be a 300-horsepower clean-diesel that should give the car a top-speed of 155 mph . AOL Autos : Speed cameras on U.S. roads	Ford Crown Victoria is the most popular police car currently in production Chevy Impalas blend in with traffic , but can hit 140 mph Dodge Magnum wagon sprints from 0-60 mph in under six seconds Police say a Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 intimidates speeders
CNN  -- A foreign minister clearly frustrated with some of his own countrymen has taken to Facebook to expose some of the stranger requests received by consular staff . "  Can the government get involved if a Singaporean gets illegal sexual services overseas , but is not satisfied and wants a refund ? The answer seems obvious , " writes K. Shanmugam , the country 's minster for foreign affairs , with an almost audible sigh . The exasperated minister went on to list other examples with the plea : "  We have to draw the line between what is personal responsibility and what 's not . " Where to draw the line ? Personal responsibility could include the lovelorn citizen who asked the foreign office to convince his girlfriend to marry him . And then there was the KFC customer who alleged racial discrimination over the size of his fried chicken . "  He wanted MFA to investigate this instance and seek justice in that foreign country for the unfair treatment he claimed to have received . We told him we could not do that , " the minister writes . Nor could the country help the Singaporean living in Indonesia who requested the foreign office help ship a computer ordered online from the United States . Singapore 's consular officials handled 3,000 cases last year , filed by Singaporeans who made some seven million trips abroad . That number is dwarfed by the volume of requests received by larger countries including the United Kingdom , whose Foreign & Commonwealth Office  FCO  handled more than 52,000 cases the same year . It 's not just Singaporeans In what seems to have become an annual warning to potential time-wasters , the FCO released a list last May of some of its most misdirected queries . They include the man who asked consular staff in Rome to translate a phrase for his new tattoo , and a woman who complained about the poor quality of football boots "  made in China . " So bizarre were some of the requests made to the foreign office in Australia that it was suggested the country consider charging a fee for consular assistance . In a policy brief , "  Consular Conundrum , " published in March 2013 , author Alex Oliver lays out the case for a charge , nothing that "  expectations of what our diplomats can or should do for distressed travelers overseas are climbing , and in some cases becoming more unrealistic . " According to the report , some of the stranger requests to the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  DFAT  include : "  Will the sand in Egypt upset my asthma ? " and "  Could DFAT feed my dogs while I 'm away ? " In the past , Canadian officials have also found the need to remind travelers of what they can and can not do . In 2011 , the then minister of foreign affairs Diana Ablonczy spelled it out in a press release : "  Consular officials CAN NOT  her capitals  : ask your mother-in-law to leave your house , purchase tickets for a musical or entertainment event , settle disputes between you and your partner  and  , pickup your dog at the airport . " You 've been warned .	Singapore 's foreign minister posts odd consular requests on Facebook Cases include a man who alleged racial discrimination over size of fried chicken K Shanmugam : "  We have to draw a line between what is personal responsibility and what 's not " Other foreign offices complain of misguided requests , outlandish queries
CNN  -- A man serving eight years for vehicular homicide because of a fatal crash involving his Toyota Camry is hoping for exoneration amid concerns over unintended acceleration in some of Toyota 's vehicles . Koua Fong Lee has always maintained his innocence in the 2006 crash . Then 29 years old , he was driving home from Sunday services with his pregnant wife , father , daughter , brother and niece in his 1996 Toyota Camry . Lee told investigators that he pumped the brakes as he exited I-94 in St. Paul , Minnesota , and approached an intersection , his lawyer , Brent Schaefer , said . But Ramsey County prosecutors claimed Lee had his foot on the gas as he approached cars waiting at a red light . The car was moving at between 70 and 90 mph when it struck two other vehicles . Javis Adams , 33 , and his 10-year-old son , Javis Adams Jr. , were killed instantly . Another passenger , 6-year-old Devyn Bolton , was left paraplegic . She testified in a wheelchair at Lee 's trial and later died from her injuries . Two mechanical engineers examined the car before trial on behalf of the state and the defense , Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner said . Both concluded the brakes were operating and there were no problems with the acceleration , she said . Although the throttle was found set open at 15 percent , which is unusual , the abnormality was attributed at the time to damage from the crash , she said . "  Bottom line , two experts -- one for each side -- said there was nothing wrong with the car , " she said . A jury convicted Lee of criminal vehicular homicide and he was sentenced to eight years in prison . But he continues to maintain his innocence . "  I know that lives were lost that day , but I did everything within my power to try to stop that vehicle , " Lee said in a recent prison interview with CNN affiliate KARE . "  I never intended for this to happen . " The 1996 Camry is not a part of Toyota 's recall . Relatives of the victims , who asked the judge to give him the maximum sentence , now support him , said Bob Hilliard , a Texas lawyer who is preparing a lawsuit against Toyota on the family 's behalf . "  I am passionate about getting him out and suing Toyota , " Hilliard told CNN . He said the family feels "  betrayed " by the evidence that led to Lee 's conviction . "  It was all smoke and mirrors , " Hilliard said . "  I hope to get to the bottom of it and find the truth , " Quincy Adams , who survived the crash but lost his son , told KARE . "  I feel that the boy -LSB- Koua Fong Lee -RSB- is innocent . " Lee 's accident is among the first of a growing number of cases getting a second look since Toyota announced a recall , acknowledging that problems with sudden acceleration were more extensive than originally thought . In testimony last week before Congress , company executives apologized for underestimating the problem . Complete coverage of the Toyota recall A search of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 's online complaint database revealed 526 incidents listed for the 1996 Toyota Camry . Among the complaints concerning air bags , tires , steering and visibility were at least two dozen related to "  vehicle speed control , " some dating back to 1997 . "  The contact states that while driving at 65 mph when placing her foot on the brake and slowing down , the vehicle accelerated on its own , " an October 17 , 2009 , report states . "  By putting extreme pressure on the brake , she was able to pull over and turned off vehicle . " In a July 26 , 2003 , incident , a 1996 Camry waiting at a red light lurched forward into oncoming traffic , where it was struck by a car and a motorcycle . The complaint states that the motorcyclist died five years later of injuries caused by the accident . "  With Toyota in the news , found reports of other 1996 Camry 's -LSB- sic -RSB- with sudden acceleration so filed this complaint , " the incident summary states . Not all the entries for "  vehicle speed control " complain of sudden acceleration . "  On several occasions the vehicle failed to respond when the accelerator was depressed , " a February 25 , 1998 complaint says . Toyota recalled more than 8 million vehicles , prompting Lee 's attorney to seek a re-examination of the vehicle in the 2006 accident . "  This never seemed right . A man with his family in the car -- his pregnant wife -- goes on a suicide mission ? Then , the recalls started , and the complaints sounded just like what happened to Mr. Lee , " lawyer Brent Schaefer said . "  It sounds just like a case of unintended acceleration . " Schaefer says he has filed paperwork with the court stating his intention to retest the car , which remains in a vehicle impound . "  We plan to employ experts familiar with the '96 Camry and the components that make up car to show that rapid acceleration is to blame for the accident , not Mr. Lee accidentally stepping on the accelerator , " he said . Gaertner said her office is willing to cooperate with the examination and see where the results lead . "  We have no interest in an innocent man being behind bars . Accordingly , we are very open to considering evidence that might show that in fact he was n't guilty , " Gaertner said . "  If we 're going to disturb a conviction we need evidence . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill contributed to this story .	Koua Fong Lee is serving an eight-year prison term for vehicular homicide Three people died in a crash involving Lee 's 1996 Toyota Camry Toyota recently announced a recall over problem of unintended acceleration Defense wants experts to re-examine Lee 's car , still at impound lot
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India 's home minister said Friday that security and maintenance issues have been squared away ahead of the staging of the Commonwealth Games , which are beset by a myriad of problems . P. Chidambaram told CNN that all security issues have been addressed and that every participating team has categorically said they are fully satisfied with security . The minister also said the midnight Friday deadline to clean up the venues has been met . He said 10 of the 11 village venues have been taken over by security , and another will be taken over shortly . More than 1,000 cleaners entered the athletes ' village Friday , armed with brooms , mops and other cleaning supplies to get the facility into shape . Organizers are scrambling to pull together the Commonwealth Games , which are to start October 3 in New Delhi . India 's ability to host the games was questioned after a bridge collapse and criticism of the athletes ' village as uninhabitable and filthy . Some countries have threatened to pull out of the competition . Commonwealth Games President Mike Fennell was to meet Indian Cabinet Secretary K.M. Chandrasekhar in New Delhi late Friday afternoon to discuss the troubled preparations for the games , which take place every four years among members of the former British empire . The list of countries that will compete has been in flux , as teams awaited updates on construction and hygiene at games sites . Canada , New Zealand and Scotland had delayed their teams ' departures for the event . A spokesman said Friday that Scotland 's team would depart for India the next day , and the New Zealand Olympic Committee said its athletes would depart two days later than planned . "  I am certainly pleased to arrive in Delhi with the news that Australia has moved into the village to get ready for the arrival of their athletes and with the confirmation late yesterday that England and Wales will be on their way to Delhi shortly , " Fennell said in a news release Friday afternoon . He was to tour the village on Friday for a firsthand look . Welsh athletes were reassured by the games ' organizers , the Commonwealth Games Council for Wales said . "  The advance party will now be moving into our accommodation , and we look forward to welcoming our athletes in the coming days , " the Welsh council said in a news release . Worldwide criticism and stepped-up involvement by higher-level Indian officials at the last minute appeared to help the games turn the corner . A private cleaning company also was hired to do the deep cleaning of the athletes ' housing . Earlier in the week , photos showed soiled rooms that included excrement and animal footprints . Construction concerns also spread after a pedestrian bridge collapsed at a stadium Tuesday , injuring 27 people . Ceiling tiles fell off the same stadium Wednesday . Australia 's Olympic Committee leader said Friday that the Commonwealth Games should not have been awarded to India , considering how preparations have gone , but the clock is ticking and it 's time to move ahead . "  I do n't think it is a cultural thing , " committee President John Coates told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , "  When you agree to host an Olympic Games , you are required to provide the basics in terms of health and hygiene for the athletes . I 'm very aware , having hosted a games , and I do n't think you reduce yourself to the lowest common denominator . " The problem is that the Commonwealth Games ' parent organization does n't have enough resources to help organizing cities track progress , Coates said . He compared the resources of the Commonwealth Games Federation and those of the International Olympic Committee . The Commonwealth Games Federation has five staff members ; the Olympic Committee has hundreds . Security questions also emerged after two visitors from Taiwan were injured by gunmen who fired on a tourist bus in New Delhi on Sunday . In Australia , a travel advisory has been issued for India , warning of a high risk of terrorism in New Delhi . Such concerns led New Zealand cyclist Greg Henderson to announce his withdrawal from the games on Friday . "  It was just mainly a decision my wife and I made involving the safety and security of the games , " he said from Melbourne , Australia , where he was training for other events . Photos of soiled rooms at the games venues made them uneasy , he said . "  I did n't think it was a risk I would like to take , " Henderson said , also referring to security concerns and his being the father of a 13-month-old girl . A handful of other athletes have withdrawn from the games over safety and hygiene concerns . They include Australia 's Dani Samuels , the world discus champion , and Canadian archers Kevin Tataryn and Dietmar Trillus . CNN 's Ben Brumfield in Atlanta , Georgia , and Mallika Kapur in New Delhi , India , contributed to this report .	NEW : Home minister says all security issues have been addressed India should n't have been awarded the games , Australian Olympic chief says The list of countries that have agreed to compete is growing The event is to start on October 3 in New Delhi
New York  CNN  -- Let 's imagine this terrifying scenario for a moment . You come home from a long day of work and sit in front of your computer to try out your newly purchased copy of the video game Assassin 's Creed 2 , and then ... nothing happens . You face an immobile title screen . You check to make sure everything 's plugged in -- yup , sure is -- and simply can not figure out what 's going on . "  Why does n't this game work ? It cost me $ 60 ! " Meanwhile , on the other side of town , some no-good 12-year-old is illegally downloading the game from the Internet and playing it way past his bedtime . Whom do you blame ? You blame the game 's publisher , Ubisoft , for implementing the most egregious form of digital rights management  DRM  ever seen by mere gamers ; in order for the game you bought at a store to work , it has to interact at all times with the company 's server online . Consumers , naturally , are the ones to suffer . Thanks , Ubisoft . The French video game giant has created a form of DRM that made its big debut this week with the highly anticipated release of the PC version of Assassin 's Creed 2 .  The game came out for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in November . DRM is an "  access control technology " used by publishers and other content owners to prevent piracy by placing limitations on how you use their products . It is always annoying , almost by definition , but Ubisoft 's latest implementation is particularly onerous and has caused a giant kerfuffle in the gaming world . The most glaring problem is the requirement that you always be connected to the Internet for the game to work . Now , in today 's environment of widely available broadband , that might not seem like such a big deal . But unless you have a perfectly flawless Internet connection  or live in the middle of nowhere  , you 're going to run into problems -- namely that you wo n't necessarily be able to play the game when you want . The Wi-Fi routers typically used by consumers are cheap , flimsy things , and it 's not uncommon for the signal to frequently "  die . "  I have a D-Link wireless router , and it dies four or five times per day .  Without a constant connection to Ubisoft 's servers , the game disconnects ; you lose your game and have to wait for your connection to come back to start again . This is an offline-only game , mind you , not an online multiplayer game like World of Warcraft . You should n't have to connect to any server at all . Imagine putting a new Blu-ray disc into your player and having the movie play for five minutes and then returning to the title screen because the player decided it did n't like the color of your shirt . Would you tolerate that ? Yes , you can almost understand where Ubisoft is coming from . It 's merely taking the only course of action that it and other publishers think will stymie piracy .  It wo n't .  Ubisoft is part of a lucrative industry that is doing everything it can to protect its content . Video games made $ 20.2 billion in 2009 and $ 22.11 billion the year before  the industry blames the recession for the slight dip  . Estimates abound on what piracy costs the industry : The best-selling game of 2009 , Activision 's Modern Warfare 2 , is said to have been illegally downloaded more than 5 million times , according to BitTorrent news site TorrentFreak . At $ 60 per copy , that 's $ 300 million down the drain for the company . Even going back to the days of floppy discs , publishers have made users do such things as inputting  only once , and not over the lifetime of the product , as Ubisoft now requires  a unique serial number at installation to prevent the disc from being passed around the office or university computer club . Up until very recently , the only music Apple sold on its iTunes Store was wrapped tightly with DRM ; songs could be played on only one iPod at a time . The music industry thought this would help ensure its survival , but it had long since alienated its customers with years of higher-than-necessary CD prices and uninspired pop acts hogging the spotlight  a discussion for another day  . And plain old DVDs have always had DRM , too . Ever try to copy a DVD to your laptop ? It 's impossible without special  and illegal , I might add  software . As a consumer , your options with Assassins Creed 2 are fairly limited , which has caused the ongoing uproar on gaming Web sites . The new DRM can not be circumvented legally -- you could pirate the game , but that would be stealing from the game developers ' tables -- and Ubisoft has said the system is here to stay . Good luck trying to return the game , too , since many stores have a policy of only allowing a direct , one-to-one exchange of opened PC games . The best part ? The DRM has already been hacked ! That means unscrupulous pirates are able to play the game without having to deal with DRM at all . They get off scot-free while legitimate customers have to jump through hoops to use what they actually paid for . That 'll teach you to spend your money like an honest person . -LSB- A Ubisoft representative said that gamers who download and play a hacked version "  will find that their version is not complete . " -RSB- All of this , of course , assumes that Ubisoft 's DRM servers are even working to begin with . This past weekend , the servers were down for several hours . Ubisoft initially claimed that it was because of "  exceptional demand " but later admitted to being the victim of a denial of service attack , leaving legitimate customers completely unable to play the game . Think of all the time , money and effort that Ubisoft invested in coming up with this DRM , only for it to be broken before the big game even came out , and then for the servers themselves to go down . That 's time , money and effort the company could have put toward , you know , just making a good game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicholas Deleon .	Nicholas Deleon says game 's rights management can shut down play Game company requires constant Internet connection to work , he says Digital rights management meant to protect content , but consumers suffer , he says Deleon : Hackers can , and do , break through content protections anyway
Cover Media  -- Nick Cannon is proud of his wife Mariah Carey 's "  trooper " mentality in the face of her injury . Carey dislocated her shoulder on Sunday while shooting her latest music promo for her single " #Beautiful " in New York City . Immediately after the accident , she visited New York 's Hospital for Special Surgery on the Upper East Side to have her shoulder reset . Cannon was with the mother of his two children when she sustained the trauma , and he is shocked by how strong Carey was through all the pain . "  She 's such a trooper , " Nick told the "  Today " show Tuesday . "  I was going to rush to the hospital with her , -LSB- but she said , -RSB- ` You get back in there and finish that video ! ' Then , after they put -LSB- her -RSB- shoulder back in place , bandaged her all up , she came back to the video early in the morning and finished out everything . " Apparently when Carey went down she donned full diva attire . "  She was in this nice , beautiful gown , heels on and everything , and was kind of on this platform and reached and slipped and fell on her whole side , " he said . Cannon added that his wife 's injuries were a little more dramatic than initially reported , as the songstress ' bones were also damaged . "  It was pretty serious , " he said . "  Not only did she dislocate her shoulder , she actually cracked a rib and ... she chipped her shoulder bone . " Despite her injury , it 's rumored that Carey will still perform in upcoming shows . She is set to sing at a free concert on Central Park 's Great Lawn July 13 , an event in association with Major League Baseball to benefit the Hurricane Sandy Relief . The singer is currently promoting her album "  The Art of Letting Go , " which is scheduled for release this year . See the original story at Covermg.com .	Nick Cannon said Mariah Carey 's injuries on the set of a music video were pretty serious Carey dislocated her shoulder , cracked a rib and chipped her shoulder bone However , after receiving treatment she was back on set the next morning Cannon : Mariah 's "  such a trooper "
The pilot of a plane that crashed near Buffalo , New York , in 2009 , killing 50 people , was in the cockpit despite earlier concerns by airline officials regarding his ability to fly that type of plane , according to e-mails released by attorneys representing crash victims ' families in lawsuits . Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by Colgan Air , crashed February 12 , 2009 , in Clarence Center , New York , about five miles short of its destination , the Buffalo-Niagara International Airport . The National Transportation Safety Board blamed pilot error for the crash nearly a year later , saying that the pilot , Capt. Marvin Renslow , pulled on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 's control column when he should have pushed . E-mails obtained by CNN Sunday from attorneys representing victims ' families , meanwhile , show Colgan Air in August 2008 decided not to include Renslow among those upgrading to fly the Q400 . Renslow "  had a problem upgrading , " chief pilot Bill Honan wrote in the e-mails . "  Anyone that does not meet the  minimum requirements  and had problems in training before is not ready to tackle the Q , " Harry Mitchel , Colgan 's vice-president of operations , responded . Pinnacle Airlines , Colgan Air 's parent company , said in a statement Sunday that at the time Renslow requested to transition from the smaller Saab 340 aircraft to the Q400 in August 2008 , he had passed three checking tests , known as "  checking events . " "  However , Colgan 's chief pilot required that Captain Renslow successfully pass another proficiency check before being allowed to begin transition training , " said Pinnacle spokesman Joe Williams . "  On September 26 , 2008 , Captain Renslow successfully completed a proficiency line check flight and was subsequently entered in the October 2008 Q400 transition class . " He successfully completed the training program and transition operating experience in the Q400 , Williams said . Colgan did not include the information regarding the e-mails as part of Renslow 's employment file , according to an accompanying letter from Hugh Russ , who represents victims ' families , adding the documents are "  central to the issues in this case . " In their lawsuits , the victims ' families claim include that Colgan , Pinnacle and Continental failed to provide trained and capable pilots and also failed to ensure the pilots were rested and able to perform their duties . After its investigation of the crash , the NTSB said neither Renslow nor the first officer , Rebecca Shaw , realized the plane was slowing down too quickly , and did not react properly when the "  stick shaker " -- a vibrating column which indicates the plane is entering a stall -- activated , the NTSB said . Renslow , according to the board , reacted "  consistent with startle and confusion " and pulled on the column , exacerbating the situation and dooming the aircraft . The board agreed that both Renslow and Shaw were fatigued , but disagreed about whether that fatigue contributed to the crash , eventually voting 2-1 not to include it as a contributing factor . NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said last year it it was "  disturbing to hear of the numerous times " Renslow failed proficiency tests . After the crash , it was revealed that Renslow had failed three pilot tests , known as "  check-rides , " before joining Colgan Air , but had disclosed only one on job applications . He failed two more while at Colgan Air , officials said . In August 2009 , Philip Trenary , president and CEO of Pinnacle Airlines , the parent company of Colgan Air , testified at a Senate hearing that while "  a failure on a check-ride is not necessarily a reason for someone not to fly , it depends on what kind of failure it is . " "  The failures that we were unable to see were the basic fundamental failures that you would not want to have , " Trenary said . "  Let me stress one thing : Capt. Renslow was a fine man by all accounts , " he said . "  But "  had we known what we know now , no , he would not have been in that  pilot 's  seat . " Allegations that Colgan withheld the information from the NTSB "  or anyone else , is completely false , " Williams said . "  Colgan voluntarily informed the NTSB that it required Captain Renslow to successfully complete a proficiency check prior to being allowed to begin transition training for the Q400 . " The e-mails were provided to plaintiffs in the lawsuits three months ago , Williams said . The documents were classified as confidential , and Colgan agreed to a plaintiffs ' request to reconsider "  because we remain confident in our full compliance with Federal Aviation Administration regulations governing our training processes , then and now , " Williams said . "  This was the first time in the litigation that  plaintiffs  requested a ` confidential ' document be de-designated , " he said. , "  However , we have serious concerns that plaintiffs may attempt to continue to attempt to try this case in the media , which could impact Colgan 's ability to receive a fair trial in Buffalo . " At the time of the crash , Renslow had 3,379 hours of flight experience , 172 hours in the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 . Williams noted he was Airline Transport Pilot rated -- "  the highest level of certification available " -- and was in accordance with all FAA regulations . He had more than 100 hours as pilot-in-command of a Q400 , the statement said . The NTSB issued more than 20 recommendations after the crash .	E-mails show airline deemed pilot not ready to upgrade , attorneys say The airline says the pilot passed proficiency tests and completed training He was piloting a plane that crashed near Buffalo in 2009 , killing 50 people
CNN  -- The United States and Israel are "  absolutely in sync " about the need to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon , Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday . Talk of Iran 's nuclear program took center stage in close to nine hours of talks Thursday and Friday between Kerry and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Kerry met with Netanyahu for the first time since the U.S. and five other world powers reached a deal with Iran over its nuclear program . His talks aimed to convince the Israeli leader to move beyond the "  first step " deal and work on a comprehensive agreement that addresses all of Israel 's concerns about Iran 's program . Once just speculation , differences between the U.S. and Israel on how to deal with Iran 's nuclear program have spilled into an open rift between the two allies . Netanyahu has accused international powers that reached a deal with Iran to curb its nuclear program of making a "  historic mistake " that could put Israel in grave danger . The agreement calls for the easing of economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for increased inspections and limits on the country 's uranium enrichment program , which many international analysts fear is meant for military purposes . The Israeli leader wants to eliminate Iran 's capability entirely , rather than merely suspend Tehran 's nuclear development . He is adamantly opposed to any enrichment on Iranian soil , but this week Wendy Sherman , the lead U.S. negotiator for the Iran talks , said Washington would be willing to consider a limited , closely monitored Iranian enrichment program . "  The Prime Minister has every right in the world to make his views known with respect to his concerns about the security of his country , " Kerry said upon leaving Israel , but he added that Netanyahu "  has been extremely constructive on the next steps and where we need to go now . " "  He knows that we are now in the real negotiation , " Kerry said of Netanyahu . He noted that the interim deal freezes the Iranian enrichment program , while a comprehensive agreement is negotiated , and it expands the amount of time by which Iran could develop a breakout capacity . "  I am personally convinced without any reasonable doubt that Israel is safer today , " as a result of the interim agreement , he said . In public remarks after his private meeting with Netanyahu , Kerry said the United States remains committed to Israel 's security . "  I ca n't emphasize enough that Israel 's security in this negotiation is at the top of our agenda , " Kerry said . "  And the United States will do everything in our power to make certain that Iran 's nuclear program -- a program of weaponization possibilities -- is terminated . World powers have imposed a six-month deadline for a final deal . "  We agree on what the goal of the final status agreement ought to be , " Kerry said . "  And in the days and weeks ahead , we will consult very closely and continually with our Israeli friends in order to bring about a comprehensive agreement that can withstand everybody 's test . " Israeli-Palestinian peace This marked Kerry 's eighth trip to the region , making yet another push for a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians . After his talks with Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , Kerry said the leaders remain "  as determined as ever " to negotiate a peace deal . He said he believed the parties were "  closer than ever " to realizing a two-state solution . Kerry said the perseverance of former South African President Nelson Mandela 's fight for equality and justice should be a model to skeptics of the prospects for peace . "  The naysayers are wrong to call peace in this region an impossible goal . It always seems impossible until it is done , " he said . He kicked off talks in July , but in November , both sides dug into their decades-old trenches and passed around blame . Israelis and Palestinians are four months into a nine-month deadline given to them by Kerry to reach a peace deal , with little visible progress . With direct negotiations between the two sides flailing , the United States seems to have moved into a more muscular role as mediator by presenting its own bridging proposals to the parties instead of relying on the Israelis and Palestinians to negotiate among themselves , which has born little fruit . On Thursday , U.S. Gen. John Allen presented Netanyahu with a detailed plan to address Israel 's security needs in the event of a comprehensive peace agreement . "  Neither peace nor prosperity is possible without security , " he said , adding that the U.S. will "  only support a final status agreement that makes both Israel and the Palestinians safer than they are today . " On Thursday , Netanyahu said that Israel is "  ready for a historic peace " based on a two-state solution but that his country 's security needs must be respected . He said finger-pointing that helped derail the earlier talks must end . Security is a must if Israel is going to sign on , Netanyahu said . "  Israel must be able to defend itself by itself . " He appeared to be referring to the Jordan Valley , where Israel has insisted its own troops must remain , as opposed to the international troops that patrol the tense borders with Syria and Lebanon . Palestinians have rejected , out of hand , Israeli soldiers within the borders of their own states . By echoing Netanyahu 's language that a peace deal must recognize Israel as "  a country that can defend itself by itself , " Kerry appeared to be siding with Israel . "  What we need is not grandstanding but understanding , " he said . Palestinians have argued that Israel has been sowing distrust by continuing the construction of thousands of Jewish settlement units on the West Bank and other land that Palestinians claim as theirs . It is the real source of the "  deep crisis between the Palestinians and the Israeli negotiations team , " a Palestinian official said . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	U.S. secretary of state , Israeli Prime Minister were in talks for nearly nine hours today "  I am personally convinced ... that Israel is safer today , " he says of agreement on Iran Israel disagrees with the interim agreement , saying it does n't go far enough Kerry says Israel , Palestinians are "  as determined as ever " to negotiate a peace deal
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Based on the sheer volume of bodies , Hajj should not work . As the world 's largest pilgrimage and one of the Five Pillars of Islam , each year about 3 million people cram themselves into the relatively small holy city of Mecca , Saudi Arabia , to offer up this , the holiest of Islamic rites . In late 2008 , I accompanied my parents on Hajj and managed to sneak a VBS video camera past state security and capture the trip as we saw it . The scene was insane , beyond what I could have ever imagined . Over a four-day period , Mecca 's population is more than doubled , with legions of devout Muslims making their way shoulder to shoulder through the dozen rituals that comprise Hajj . If it were n't for the solemn and religious underpinnings , it would be an unnerving assembly of human beings for such a concentrated space -- like what Woodstock might have been , but less annoying and without the hippies , drugs , and Carlos Santana . Many Hajj rites have been dramatized in movies and elsewhere , but it is essentially a highly choreographed succession of religious tasks : circling the Ka ` bah at the center of Masjid Al-Haram  the Grand Mosque  , Sa`I  pacing between two holy sites  , the famous Stoning of the Devil , loads of deep prayer and meditation . The point is to purge believers of sins and free them for the next chapter in their lives . It is required that each Muslim of means make the trip at least once . See part two of Mecca Diaries at VBS.TV Given the number of pilgrims and the extremely short span of time Hajj covers , it is virtually impossible to make the journey without the help of a tour group . There are dozens of agencies available to help usher visitors through the masses and ensure that all the requisite rituals are met . But even with their guidance , completing all the tasks , navigating the various holy sites , and sticking to the hurried itinerary is extremely challenging . Compound the situation with several million people of every economic class and comfort from 100-plus countries across the globe -- many lined up asleep on the side of the road , praying on hilltops , and making their way to and from holy sites -- and it 's no surprise that some pilgrims ca n't complete all the rituals . But despite this monumental challenge , the bottom line was that doing the Hajj was amazing . It took us to another plane of existence , it forced a detachment from our lives , and it was unlike anything I 've ever experienced .	Three million people take part in the world 's largest annual pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia VICE founder Suroosh Alvi went with his family in 2008 and shot footage Alvi : Experience was "  beyond what I could have ever imagined "
CNN  -- In death as in life , Michael Jackson continues to light up the Internet . Millions worldwide watched online coverage of Michael Jackson 's funeral service in Los Angeles . Millions of people around the world watched coverage of Jackson 's memorial service on the Web , although the event appeared to fall well short of online viewership records . Global Web traffic was at least 19 percent above normal , and as high as 33 percent above normal , during most of the star-studded memorial at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles , California , according to Akamai Technologies , a Massachusetts-based firm that monitors Internet traffic . CNN.com reported 9.7 million live video streams Tuesday between 12 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET -- which included the entire memorial service -- according to CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin . The news site 's all-time viewership record for a full day , almost 27 million video streams , was set on President Obama 's inauguration day in January . During that period Tuesday , CNN.com also attracted 81 million page views , 11.8 unique visitors and a peak of 781,000 concurrent live video streams , according to internal data . Jackson 's startling June 25 death nearly brought the Web to a standstill , with several sites buckling under the sheer weight of traffic . The Internet appeared to fare better during Tuesday 's memorial service , however . "  So far we are seeing some slowdowns ... -LSB- but -RSB- overall the Internet is performing OK , " said Dan Berkowitz , spokesman for Keynote Systems , a mobile and Internet monitoring firm based in San Mateo , California , midway through the Staples Center event . Keynote monitors the 40 most popular news Web sites from major cities around the United States . CNN.com partnered with Facebook , the social-networking site , to let friends and family share commentary while watching Jackson 's memorial service live online . As of 1:30 p.m. ET , shortly before the memorial service began , the partnership was yielding about 6,000 status updates per minute , said a Facebook spokeswoman . CNN.com and Facebook entered into a similar collaboration during Obama 's inauguration , although Facebook saw twice as many status updates during that event . With many North Americans at work during Jackson 's memorial service , online traffic had been expected to reach near-record levels . "  This event will almost certainly shatter records for the biggest single live stream ever , and could be one of the biggest worldwide media events in history , " wrote blogger Ben Parr on Mashable , the social media news site . Other Web sites , including CBSNews.com , ABCNews.com , FoxNews.com and Hulu.com , also hosted live streaming coverage of the service . The 10 most popular topics on Twitter Tuesday afternoon were all connected to Jackson 's memorial . Google Trends rated the Jackson memorial 's online popularity as "  volcanic , " while on Web-traffic monitoring site Alexa , most of its hottest stories Tuesday were Jackson-related . But early numbers suggested that Internet traffic Tuesday may have lagged behind other recent news events . Akamai recorded a peak of 3.9 million global Internet visitors per minute shortly after noon ET -- less than half the number of users who went online the evening of November 4 , 2008 , to follow presidential election returns . "  It may be impossible to say for sure how many people watched once all is said and done , because there 's still no comprehensive way to measure Web viewing , " said Toni Fitzgerald , managing editor of Media Life , in an e-mail interview with CNN . Long before the memorial service began about 1:40 p.m. ET , many Web sites braced themselves for an onslaught of traffic . During the sign-up period for the memorial ticket lottery , the Staples Center Web site took down all non-essential materials to ensure that it coped . Jackson family spokesman Ken Sunshine said the computer servers hosting the registration site counted 500 million "  hits " -- 120,000 a second -- in the first 90 minutes on Friday . About 17,500 fans were randomly selected to watch the memorial live at the Staples Center -- only a small fraction of the 1.6 million fans who applied for tickets . Watch panelists discuss Jackson 's legacy " CNN 's Stephanie Busari and Linnie Rawlinson contributed to this story .	NEW : Web viewership of Michael Jackson 's memorial fell short of online records NEW : Global Web traffic was at least 19 percent above normal during service NEW : Views of live video on CNN.com trailed President Obama 's inauguration Web sites braced themselves Tuesday for heavy traffic
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- As Ryan O'Neal walked the red carpet at the premiere of "  Farrah 's Story , " he stopped every few feet to answer reporters ' questions about Farrah Fawcett 's battle with cancer . Farrah Fawcett was diagnosed with cancer three years ago . ` Farrah 's Story , ' a documentary on her battle , will air Friday . CNN 's Douglas Hyde was at the end of the line and the last to interview the actor , who was almost in tears after a string of intense explanations about his longtime companion 's condition . "  She was OK in the first interview , but now I 'm worried , " O'Neal said , visibly drained after focusing on Fawcett 's battle . The documentary , which airs Friday night on NBC , is not a celebration of Fawcett 's career , but an intimate look at her life since being diagnosed with anal cancer three years ago . "  Basically , it 's a gonzo trip , " O'Neal said . It was shot by Fawcett 's close friend , Alana Stewart . "  It shows you every detail , how she found out and how she dealt with it , " O'Neal said . Early in 2007 , Fawcett said she was told her cancer had gone into remission . Her official Web site has posts from February 2007 celebrating the news . But the cancer returned later that year . Anal cancer affects more women than men , and the illness is usually found in people who are in their early 60s . The American Cancer Society estimates that 5,000 new cases of anal cancer are diagnosed each year and about 680 people die from it annually . While cancer keeps Farrah in her bed , a legal fight has begun over the documentary . Producer Craig Nevius filed a lawsuit this week against O'Neal and Stewart , claiming they stole creative control of the film from him . Nevius told CNN he was kicked off the project more than two months ago . "  I have been banned from talking to or seeing Farrah for about ten weeks , which is highly unusual , considering that healthy or sick , I spoke to this woman at least twice a day from the time of her diagnosis on , " Nevius said . Nevius said his goal was to do the film "  based on Farrah 's artistic visions that are a reflection of her and while at the same time maintaining and protecting her privacy to the extent that she wants it maintained and protected . " "  I take no joy in this , " Nevius said . "  I tried to avoid this , but I am doing it for Farrah . " A spokesman for O'Neal called it "  horrific " that Nevius would file the lawsuit . "  We hope and we pray that Farrah Fawcett does not find out about this lawsuit , because we know it would impact her health even more so , " said O'Neal spokesman Paul Bloch . CNN 's Douglas Hyde and Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Documentary "  Farrah 's Story " is a "  gonzo trip , " Ryan O'Neal says Producer claims he was robbed of creative control Craig Nevius : "  I have been banned from talking to or seeing Farrah " O'Neal spokesman : "  We hope and we pray " Fawcett does not learn about lawsuit
CNN  -- You might associate music festivals with muddy fields and heaving crowds , but Mali 's "  Festival au Desert " is a world away from all that . Based a few kilometers outside the historic town of Timbuktu , on the fringes of the Sahara Desert , the festival is inspired by the traditional gatherings of the region 's Tuareg nomads . It 's been running since 2001 , bringing together musicians from the region , and beyond . It 's perhaps the only festival in the world where you can watch camel racing while listening to amped-up desert blues , where hawkers sell headscarves rather than burgers and where you can camp in a Tuareg tent among miles of empty sand dunes . See also : Asa , African pop legend in the making This year 's festival , held in January , was in doubt after the kidnap of three tourists and the killing of another in Timbuktu , in November last year . The festival did go ahead , with an increased security presence , but security fears and travel warnings reportedly kept many tourists away . Those who did make it to the three-day event saw performers including soulful Sudanese singer Amira Kheir , Nigerien group Koudede , and an all-star tribute to the music of legendary Malian guitarist Ali Farka Toure . In the past , European acts including Robert Plant , Manu Chao and Damon Albarn have performed at the festival . This year , U2 singer Bono made a cameo appearance , singing onstage with local favorites -- and now international stars -- Tinariwen . Watch video : Mali 's nomadic musicians It 's the authentic homegrown stars that really represent the festival . Among them is local Tuareg group Tartit , which was formed in 1995 by a group of women who met in a refugee camp . Their song "  Democracy , " featured on the video above , is their take on the fate of the Tuareg in modern Mali , and perfectly embodies the spirit of the festival , and the Sahara .	"  Festival au Desert " is held a few kilometers outside Timbuktu , in Mali The festival is inspired by the traditional gatherings of the region 's Tuareg nomads U2 singer Bono made a cameo appearance at this year 's festival
If you 're heading to the airport to fly to the East Coast for Thanksgiving , expect delays of three to six hours . A nor'easter is expected to dump heavy rain and snow on the eastern United States late Tuesday into Wednesday and cause severe delays on what 's traditionally the busiest travel day of the year , CNN meteorologists say . About 30 million people from the mountains of North Carolina to Maine could be affected . "  The storm will have a major impact nationwide to air travel , as the ripple effect from delays and cancellations in the Northeast hubs impacts the rest of the country , " said CNN senior meteorologist Dave Hennen . "  Expect very long delays , in some cases averaging three to six hours for major airports in D.C. , Philadelphia , New York and Boston , which will be impacted by a combination of heavy rain , snow and wind . Most delays and cancellations will occur from late morning through Wednesday evening , " Hennen said . The silver lining for Thursday morning fliers ? "  By Thanksgiving , the storm will be exiting , and conditions should return to normal , " he said . Use CNN 's winter weather tracker Heavy rain will affect the Southeast overnight as heavy snow begins to develop in the Appalachians , according to CNN 's Wednesday forecasts . Rain and snow will begin to hit the Washington and New York metro areas about daybreak Wednesday and Boston by late morning . The peak of the storm will be from about noon Wednesday until midnight . Travelers can expect some significant snow accumulations . Though Washington should see a mix of rain and snow after midnight , areas far west of the city will get heavy snowfall . Philadelphia will get rain mixed with snow around sunrise , with accumulations of about an inch . New York will receive rain beginning shortly after sunrise , mixing with snow . Three or 4 inches of snow are possible in the city , with heavier accumulation in northern New Jersey and in the Hudson Valley . Boston can expect rain and snow in the morning , changing to all snow in the late afternoon and evening . The city is forecast to get 4 to 5 inches of snow , with 10 to 15 inches in central Massachusetts . Mike Todd , a spokesman for the New Hampshire Department of Safety , said power outages are a major concern . "  This is New England , this is just another winter storm here , and the complication is just that it 's the holiday weekend . Tomorrow is , of course , a big travel day , " he said . "  We caution individuals to drive carefully and slowly . Consider staying put if you 're concerned . Safety first , as always . " Pennsylvania said it 'll have state police and the National Guard in the state emergency operations center . State officials urged residents to avoid the roads if they can . "  The bottom line is the less cars the better , the less traffic the better , " said Cory Angell of the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency . "  If you do n't have to go , you do n't need to go . You do n't want to be stuck in a queue for hours and then run out of gas and what not . Its important people realize there are hazards involved with travel , and more often than not they do n't . " 10 ways to survive holiday travel So far , airlines have canceled 164 flights for Wednesday , and that number is expected to go up , according to FlightAware.com . Fliers should check airline websites to see about rebooking flights . United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , American Airlines and other carriers are waiving rebooking charges for holiday travelers in the Northeast . "  Customers ticketed on American Airlines , American Eagle or US Airways or US Airways Express flights on November 26 to , from , or through  18 affected airports  may change flights without penalty , have the ticket-reissue charge waived for one ticket change , and begin travel as early as November 25 or as late as November 27 under American 's current travel waiver , " according to an airline release . And the Northeast is n't the only region where bad weather is predicted . Light snow is forecast from late Tuesday to Thursday in Minneapolis , Chicago and other parts of the Upper Midwest . The Northwest is expecting rain , with snow in the mountains . Denver is expecting wind gusts of up to 30 mph on Tuesday and 15 mph on Wednesday . Amtrak advised that travelers in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states follow its regional Twitter handles , @AmtrakNEC and @AmtrakVA , for updates . AAA is expecting 46 million Americans to travel 50 miles or more from home during the Thanksgiving weekend , and 90 % of them are traveling by car . That would be the most travelers since 2007 , AAA said in a news release . Drivers should check weather forecasts before setting out on the road "  to ensure the safety of you and your family " and consider leaving earlier or later to avoid the storm , AAA advised . Travelers should also check tire pressure , car batteries and windshield wipers . Stock up on nonperishable food and emergency supplies in case you get stuck in the storm . "  The busy I-95 corridor will be impacted by both rain and snow , " Hennen said . "  It will be the rough dividing line between snow to the west , and rain to the east . " The worst road conditions will be from Connecticut , through most of Massachusetts into Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine , where over a foot of snow will fall , he said . On the bright side , people traveling by car will probably pay less for gas than in recent years , AAA says . The current average price of gasoline in the United States is $ 2.85 per gallon , 43 cents per gallon lower than the average price at Thanksgiving 2013 .	Rain , snow expected to cause travel problems in the Northeast on Tuesday , Wednesday Airlines are starting to waive rebooking charges for travelers AAA expects 46 million people to travel over Thanksgiving , the most since 2007
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British people love pubs -- so much , in fact , that a recent survey found that they cherish only fish and chips and the Queen more . A combination of factors including the smoking ban , higher taxes and cheap supermarket alochol are hurting pubs . Yet this enduring icon of British culture is under threat after having flourished for hundreds of years . Recent surveys found that more British pubs are closing than ever before -- victims of an indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and food prices , and changing times . Tuesday marks one year since England followed Wales , Scotland , and Northern Ireland to ban indoor smoking at pubs , restaurants and bars . Some feared that would mark the death of the traditional British pub in all its smoky glory -- and they were quick to blame the ban when surveys found the pub numbers in sharp decline . Those findings , released in March by the British Beer and Pub Association and CAMRA , the Campaign for Real Ale , showed that more than 1,400 pubs closed in 2007 . That 's a sharp increase from 2006 , when 216 pubs closed ; and 2005 , when just more than 100 closed down . The advocacy groups , however , say the ban may be just one of many factors shutting pub doors . Watch more on the decline of British pubs " Pub owners -- landlords , as they 're called in Britain -- are turning in their leases for a variety of reasons . Some say it 's hard to compete with cheap alcohol sold at supermarkets , a trend increasing amid the credit crunch . Others feel they could make more money operating as a wine bar or cafe . Patrons say two things in particular have had an impact on the decline of pubs -- one being the smoking ban . Those who used to enjoy a smoke along with their pint now must smoke outside , and many pubs -- particularly in urban areas -- have little space or shelter on the sidewalk . CAMRA says , however , that the effects of the smoking ban , introduced just halfway into 2007 , are "  not yet fully evident . " Pubgoers were also turned off by a boost to alcohol taxes . "  Rents and rates are shooting up , " said Ian Lowe , a spokesman for CAMRA . "  There 's also things like excise duty . The chancellor kindly put another 4 pence -LSB- 8 cents -RSB- on the price of a pint , and while supermarkets can probably absorb that , the pubs have to pass it on -LSB- to the customer -RSB- . " Pubs are also passing higher food prices on to the customer , denting a plan by many proprietors to fall back on the menus to boost business . About 57,000 pubs remain in Britain , and while they may be under threat , they 're not going away any time soon . A drink at "  the local " -- where social and financial status cease to matter -- remains one of the average Briton 's favorite pastimes . "  If you took a guy from the 10th Century and brought him forward in time , the only things he would recognize in the world today are churches and pubs , " said Peter Brown , the author of "  Man Walks Into a Pub , " a history of pubs and beer . The smoking ban may also be attracting a new kind of customer , Brown said . " -LSB- Smokers -RSB- stopped going to the pub immediately as soon as the ban came in , whereas a lot of other people who did n't used to go to pubs have now started to come back to the pub because they now prefer a smoke-free environment , " he said . Advocates say pubs provide a safe place to drink and are a valuable part of British culture . They are lobbying the British government to help stop their rapid decline by cutting beer taxes and changing planning laws to prevent pub demolitions . CNN 's Robin Oakley contributed to this report .	Traditional British pubs are facing tough times , with 1,400 closing in 2007 Indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and cheap supermarket alcohol hurt pubs About 57,000 pubs still remain in Britain despite decline in numbers
CNN  -- Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz , who came under fire from his own troops just hours before , took to his country 's airwaves Sunday , saying the shooting incident was an accident . "  I want to reassure all citizens of my well-being after the accident committed by an army unit on an unpaved road around Touela . ... Everything is fine , " he said in an interview broadcast on official Mauritanian television . Troops shot the president late Saturday in what the government is calling a case of "  friendly fire " -- though others believe it may have been something more sinister . Aziz 's convoy mistakenly came under fire as it was heading back toward the capital of Nouakchott , the official AMI news agency reported . The gunshots came from a military unit stationed alongside the road in the west African country . Mauritania : Slavery 's last stronghold Aziz said Sunday he had a successful operation to treat minor injuries . But witnesses said they believe the incident was an assassination attempt , because unknown armed men shot their guns at the president and ran away , according to the independent Mauritania News agency . The witnesses said the armed men "  directly " targeted the president as he was returning from his farm in Inchiri province , near the capital , Mauritania News reported . Mauritania has a history of political instability and faces threats from al Qaeda militants . A former general , Aziz came to power in a bloodless 2008 military coup -- one of many such coups the country of about 3.4 million people has had since it gained independence from France in 1960 . He ousted Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi , who had been the nation 's first democratically elected leader , according to the U.S. State Department . Aziz was elected president in 2009 . Still , the CIA describes the country 's leadership as a "  military junta . " Security in Mauritania has been ratcheted up in recent weeks amid concerns about "  armed terrorist groups " in nearby northern Mali , according to Magharebia , a website sponsored by the U.S. Africa Command -- a part of the U.S. military focused on the continent . The measures include a bolstered security presence on main streets , near embassies and by government buildings in Nouakchott , as well as stepped-up patrols , Magharebia said . No official reason has been given for the enhanced security , according to the report . But the publication , quoting terrorism experts and local news reports , said it may be related to threats posed by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . In May , the U.S. State Department issued a travel warning for Mauritania because of AQIM activities . "  As a result of perceived Western involvement in counterterrorism efforts , AQIM has declared its intention to attack Western targets , " the warning said . The United States engages with Mauritania on a range of issues , including counterterrorism , food security , trade promotion and efforts to strengthen human rights , the State Department said . European official : Al Qaeda threat in northern Africa ` spreading ' Mauritania : Former Gadhafi spy chief extradited to Libya Mauritanian refugees make new home in Ohio	NEW : President says he is fine , that shooting was an "  accident " Witnesses think the incident was an assassination attempt , local media say Troops mistakenly open fire on Mauritania 's presidential convoy , state news reports Mauritania has a history of political instability , and faces threats from al Qaeda militants
CNN  -- In 2009 , we wrote a book , "  40 More Years : How Democrats Will Rule the Next Generation . " Building on Ruy Teixeira and John Judis ' 2002 tour de force "  The Emerging Democratic Majority " predicting the 2008 election , we argued that America 's diversifying and increasingly liberal youth voters would secure a lasting Democratic majority . Our collaboration seemed appropriate then and is only more so now . On one half of the byline , you have James Carville , 68-year-old white man from Louisiana and professor at Tulane University . On the other side , you 've got a 26-year-old second-generation Latina with a fiancée . Voters who look like James are on their way out ; voters like Rebecca are our future . A few reviewers missed the point of our focus on demographics . Others , primarily young , entitled , progressive men , critiqued us for not recommending that Democrats focus on appealing to young , entitled , progressive men . To this , we plead guilty . Our book was about demographic diversity and the future of the Democratic Party . Politics : What the election teaches us about ourselves After the midterm elections in 2010 , we were mocked viciously . Our thesis was laughable , Republicans hooted , ignoring the book 's careful caveat that midterm election turnout differs substantially from that of presidential elections . We would like to direct these critics to the Epistle of Jude , 1:10 : "  Yet these men speak abusively against whatever they do not understand ; and what things they do understand by instinct , like unreasoning animals -- these are the very things that destroy them . " Tuesday night proved our 2009 selves could not have been more right . "  Mid-20th century , white men made up half of the electorate , " we wrote in 2009 . "  In 2008 , white men made up only 36 % of the electorate ... and their vote share is dropping by a percentage point a year . " Our only error was in slightly underestimating the rate at which white men 's vote share is shrinking . White voters were 74 % of voters in 2008 ; they were 72 % this year . White men comprised just 34 % of the electorate on Tuesday . Politics : The new American electorate has arrived In 2009 , we also commented on the Republicans ' reliance on the far right and evangelical voters : "  The shrinking Christian right leaves a void in the Republicans ' collection of base groups -- and they ca n't look to any growing groups to replace those votes . " Mitt Romney outperformed Sen. John McCain , the 2008 GOP presidential candidate , by 5 points with both white voters overall  59 %  and white men  62 %  . He also bested McCain 's margin among Republicans , winning 93 % of self-identified Republicans as compared to McCain 's 90 % , and white evangelical voters , 79 % compared with McCain 's 73 % . Romney lost by relying on a tapped-out , ever-shrinking group of voters . By way of contrast , Latinos now make up a greater share of the electorate than they did four years ago : 10 % of all voters . Obama won 71 % of Latinos , reflecting an increase in support of 4 % . Similarly , the proportion of the electorate identifying as Asian increased from 2 % to 3 % , and Obama 's support among Asian voters rose 11 points , from 62 % to 73 % . There 's an entire chapter in "  40 More Years " on the importance of youth voters . Four years ago , 18 % of the electorate was between 18 and 29 . Now , youth are 19 % of voters . We highlighted a critical trend within the youth vote : "  Back in 1972 , almost nine in 10 youth voters  87 %  were white . By 2004 , only 62 % of youth said they were white . " This year , about 58 % of voters 18-29 identified as white ; 42.1 % of youth self-reported as African-American , Latino , or otherwise nonwhite . Opinion : How GOP can attract Latino voters We also predicted the implosion of Republicans ' culture war strategy . Our conclusion was that " -LSB- w -RSB- hat Bush started in 2000 was a two-election trick that had met its natural and timely death by 2008 . " Our critics tried to answer our claim by citing the success of culture-war tactics in 2004 and their state-level effects in 2008 . We ignored them . As we said , "  The consequence of Republicans ' lingering preoccupation with the culture war is that it has led them to become a party of ridiculous positions . " Republicans would "  have to be certifiable , " our sage selves circa 2009 warned , to ever try a culture war strategy again . We could not be more delighted that Maine , Maryland and Washington became the first states in the country to pass same-sex marriage by popular vote on Tuesday . What we 're downright thrilled about , however , is the fact that Mitt Romney got fewer votes than "  traditional " marriage in every one of those states . The Republicans did their damnedest to use the specter of homosexual marital bliss to incite their base voters to vote for Mitt Romney . In the past , that has worked . This time , the best they could do with millions of dollars and overt hate mongering -- their favorite weapons -- was mobilize a conservative minority that voted for "  traditional marriage " but rejected Romney . Some analyses have tried to make 2012 about single women or educated white women or some other narrow slice of the electorate . They 're thinking small . The big picture is this : Democrats are continuing to win big with the demographic groups that are growing ; Republicans are still struggling to increase support with shrinking base voter groups . Republicans made critical , unforced errors in 2008 and 2012 . Our present hope is that Republicans continue to mock rather than read "  40 More Years , " and that Democrats take heed . It 's not that we like saying we told you so . It 's just that we wrote an entire book telling you so . Opinion : GOP voter suppression fueled black turnout The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville and Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza	Writers predicted that diverse , liberal youth voters would secure Democratic majority They say Tuesday election results proved them correct They say GOP throws money at election , clings to culture war Writers : Dems win with support of growing groups ; GOP sees support of shrinking groups
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three witnesses whose testimony could absolve a 14-year-old Pakistani girl facing life in prison have changed their statements . It 's the latest twist in the case of Rimsha Masih , a Christian teenager who was charged more than a month ago under Pakistan 's blasphemy laws for allegedly burning pages of Islam 's holy book for cooking fuel . She has denied the charges . The three witnesses initially told police they saw Khalid Jadoon Chishti , a Muslim cleric , tear pages out of a copy of the Quran and put them with police evidence that led to the charges against Rimsha . But they recanted those statements on Monday at a bail hearing for the cleric , according to the imam 's lawyer , Wajid Ali Gilani . A fourth witness stood by his initial statement . The witnesses are a critical part of the police investigation that determined last week that the imam framed the teen . Based on that investigation and a lack of witnesses , her lawyers are now appealing to have the blasphemy charges dismissed . The teen 's case has sparked international outcry against the Pakistani government , with some saying the blasphemy laws are used to settle scores and persecute religious minorities . Islamabad 's police chief accused the three witnesses of lying to the court on Monday , and said investigators never pressured the witnesses when they gave their initial statements against the cleric . "  If they have changed their statements , they are just lying , " Chief Bin Yamin said . Police arrested Rimsha in August after her neighbor accused her of burning Quran pages to for cooking fuel , investigators said . The neighbor began to shout in protest , drawing a crowd that grew angry . Some neighbors said the teenager was beaten . Others said she ran back home and locked herself inside . When police arrived , they arrested her . Rimsha 's lawyers said the neighbor wanted to settle a personal score with the girl because the two did n't get along . They said it 's likely that he liked the teen and she did n't feel the same . The lawyers say that no one actually saw Rimsha burning the papers , but that the neighbor went to Chishti with the bags . According to police , Chishti was n't certain that simply burning pages with texts from the Quran would be enough to convict Rimsha on blasphemy charges . So , he added two pages from the actual holy book to the bag to bolster the case , they said . In addition to charges of tampering with evidence , Chishti could also face blasphemy charges as a result of the police investigation . The pursuit of the accusations against the cleric is significant in Pakistan because "  never before has a false accuser been held accountable , " according to Ali Dayan Hasan , the Pakistan director of Human Rights Watch Hasan . After her arrest in August , Rimsha had been held in an adult jail before she was released on bail in September . A local court transferred her case to the juvenile court last week after the police investigation said she had been framed . Islamabad High Court will consider the petition to drop the charges against Rimsha on October 17 , said Abdul Hamid Rana , the teen 's leading lawyer . If the charges are not dismissed , her case will proceed in juvenile court . Having her case transferred to juvenile court "  is a precursor to the case ending , " said Hasan of Human Rights Watch . "  That is quite unprecedented in the 25-year history of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws , " he said last week . It 's unclear how the change in statements from the key witnesses will affect her case . Blasphemy laws were first instituted to keep peace between religions . Actions perceived as insults to Islam provoke fierce reactions in the predominantly Muslim nation , as demonstrated by the recent angry protests in response to an anti-Islam film produced in the United States and made available online . There have been 1,400 blasphemy cases since the laws were first enacted in 1986 , according to Human Rights Watch . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and 52 people have been killed while facing trial for the charge , he said . Rimsha and her family spoke to CNN last month from an undisclosed location after she was released on bail . The teen denied that she defiled the Quran . She said she was happy to be with her family , but feared for her life . "  I 'm scared , " she said by phone . "  I 'm afraid of anyone who might kill us . " No matter how her case pans out , it 's unclear what kind of life she might be able to have . Aid groups in the United States , Italy and Canada have offered the teen and her family a home outside Pakistan , a family representative said . But she has said she wants to stay in her home country .	Witnesses initially said an imam framed a teen girl accused of burning Quran pages Now , three witnesses have recanted those statements made to police Based partly on those statements , police determined the teen is innocent She still faces charges in juvenile court
CNN  -- Two more goals from Lionel Messi , taking him to 50 goals in all competitions in a remarkable season , saw Barcelona win 2-0 at Racing Santander on Sunday to close the gap on Spanish leaders Real Madrid back to 10 points . Fresh from bagging an astonishing five goals in the 7-1 Champions League rout of Bayer Leverkusen in midweek , the Argentine maestro again proved the catalyst for another Barcelona win as the defending Spanish champions kept within range of Jose Mourinho 's side , who beat Real Betis 3-2 on Saturday . Racing appointed Alvaro Cervera as their new coach last weekend in an attempt to arrest a slide that has seen them drop into the relegation zone after going eight matches without a victory . Messi hits record five in Barcelona rout However , they always looked second best against a Barca side , who went ahead in the 29th minute when Messi slid home to score from close range after being set up by Cesc Fabregas on the right . And Fabregas also played a hand in the second goal -- the former Arsenal midfielder earning a 56th minute penalty after being fouled by Domingo Cisma , with Messi making no mistake from the spot . Barca wasted further chances to extend their advantage , but Messi missed a one-on-one opportunity for his hat-trick , while Juan Cuenca struck the post . Of his 50 goals this season , Messi has scored 30 in the Primera Liga , meaning he still trails Cristiano Ronaldo by two goals in the Spanish golden boot standings . Pep Guardiola 's side are now a massive 24 points clear of third-placed Valencia , who squandered a two-goal lead before being held 2-2 by Real Mallorca . Valencia , who have won just one of their last four matches , went ahead through Tino Costa 's deflected shot and doubled their advantage early in the second half when a mistake from Mallorca goalkeeper Dudu Aouate allowed Aritz Aduriz to score . But Emilio Nsue and Victor Casadesus turned things around for the visitors and Valencia ended the match with 10 men after Costa was dismissed for a two-footed challenge . Elsewhere , Atletico Madrid and Espanyol kept alive their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League . Nigeria international Kalu Uche scored a hat-trick as Espanyol crushed Rayo Vallecano 5-1 , while Atletico beat Granada 2-0 . Atletico and Espanyol lie eighth and ninth in the table respectively , a point behind seventh-placed Athletico Bilbao -- who slumped to a 2-1 defeat at Osasuna . Bilbao failed to kick on from Thursday 's impressive 3-2 Europa League victory at Manchester United . Osasuna took the lead when Ander Iturraspe headed a free-kick into his own goal after nine minutes and Raul Garcia doubled the lead before Spain striker Fernando Llorente pulled a goal back for the visitors .	Two more goals from Lionel Messi saw Barcelona defeat Racing Santander 2-0 Messi 's double takes him to 50 goals in all competitions this season and seven this week Barcelona 's victory means they trail leaders Real Madrid by 10 points in the Primera Liga Third-placed Valencia waste a two-goal lead and are held to a 2-2 draw by Real Mallorca
CNN  -- Is it a case of British "  Sense and Sensibility , " "  Pride and Prejudice " or just a wrong-headed piece of "  Persuasion ? " The British help invent baseball before it traveled to America , according to author Julian Norridge . According to author Julian Norridge baseball originated in Britain , and part of his proof comes from a reference in Jane Austen 's novel "  Northanger Abbey . " Norridge , whose book "  Can we Have our Balls Back , Please ? " focuses on Britain 's role in writing the rulebooks for a long list of sports , says Austen mentioned baseball in the opening pages of "  Northanger Abbey , " which was written in 1797-98 . Norridge says that Austen referenced the sport while introducing her tomboy heroine Catherine Morland , writing : "  It was not very wonderful that Catherine , who had nothing heroic about her , should prefer cricket , baseball , riding on horseback , and running about the country at the age of 14 , to books . " He argues in his book that the reference indicates British people were familiar with the sport prior to its supposed invention much later in the United States . "  There 's no doubt it was being played in Britain in the late 18th century , and equally no doubt that it traveled to America , " he writes . Norridge argues evidence of the sport 's British origins were covered up by American sports magnate Albert Spalding , who set up a special commission to investigate its origins only to ignore the findings and decide it was invented by General Abner Doubleday in Cooperstown , New York state , in 1839 . Doubleday , himself , never claimed any role in the sport 's invention and many sports historians have rejected suggestions he played a part . Norridge says the first written evidence of baseball comes from a diary written by William Bray , a teenager from Guildford , Surrey , in 1755 .	Author claims baseball originated in Britain and traveled to the United States Julian Norridge says American sporting magnate covered up baseball 's origin Norridge argues reference in Jane Austen novel supports his hypothesis
