CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho claims Barcelona 's "  obsession " with winning the Champions League on the ground of their arch-rivals Real Madrid will hinder their chances of beating his side in their semifinal second showdown . Inter hold a 3-1 lead going into Wednesday 's match at the Nou Camp and Mourinho could not resist a pre-match swipe at the Catalan giants , who would become the first side to retain the Champions League in its present format . But Mourinho , an acknowledged master in pre-match "  mind games " , is convinced that the pressure of expectation will work against last season 's triple winners . "  We have a team of older players , with many over 30 , and we hope that we will be able to cope with the atmosphere . It is one thing , though , to follow a dream and it is another to have an obsession , " he told gathered reporters . Schalke 's Magath set to work a new miracle "  For Barca it is an obsession , " added Mourinho , who was accompanied by tight security as he returned to the club where he began his coaching career under Bobby Robson . "  A dream is more pure than an obsession , an obsession is more about pride . Barca achieved a dream winning the Champions League in Paris and Rome last year but this time it is more about Madrid and playing at the Santiago Bernabeu , this is an obsession . " Mourinho , who claimed the Champions League during his spell at Portuguese giants Porto , realizes that Inter are also desperate to triumph in Europe 's premier club competition having last won it in 1965 . "  I ca n't say for me it is a personal dream as I have won it before but I want to win it for Inter as it is more than 40 years since they got to the final . "  If I can help Mr Moratti  the Inter president  , if I can help the players and if I can contribute a little bit as coach to achieve this dream then I would be very happy . " Inter will be without the suspended Dejan Stankovic but Mourinho indicated that he would likely take a gamble on key midfielder Wesley Sneijder , who has a slight hamstring strain . "  We will see if he can play for 90 minutes as there is still a small problem . We have other important games in the league but I am ready to risk him as everything will be decided tomorrow , " said Mourinho . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola said his team were merely focused on earning a final clash against Bayern Munich , who beat Lyon 4-0 on aggregate in the first semifinal . "  It 's a game of football , not a magic night , and we have to be ourselves -- we will go out and try to generate as many chances as we always do , " he said . "  We do n't know if we are capable of turning this around , but we will give everything against a great team to try and get to the final , " he added .	Inter Milan hold 3-1 lead ahead of Champs League semifinal 2nd leg against Barcelona Inter coach Jose Mourinho says Barca are ` obsessed ' with winning final at Real Madrid 's home ground Barcelona would become first club to retain Champions League in current format Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola refuses to be drawn on Mourinho 's comments
No one used the word reward , but the subtext was clear for all to see . In April 2007 , when Poland and Ukraine were surprisingly awarded the right to co-host the 2012 European Championship -- one of international football 's top tournaments after the World Cup -- both countries ' delegations exploded with joy . For the Ukrainians it was especially poignant . At the center of the celebrations was President Viktor Yushchenko , who had come to power leading the 2004 Orange Revolution , ignited when the election battle between him and the then Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych was allegedly riddled with fraud . Massive street protests swept away the old regime , whose last desperate attempt to cling on to power , according to supporters of Yushchenko , was a plot to poison the challenger . Yushchenko barely survived . But survive he did , and the chance to host Euro 2012 was redemption . Ukraine was finally , post communism , moving towards democracy and the rule of law . Euro 2012 represented a chance , as the Olympics did in Seoul and Tokyo decades before , for sport to welcome Ukraine into the club of free nations . "  We will be able to show millions of fans the unforgettable charm of our cities and the history they have preserved so beautifully , " Yushchenko said when Ukraine 's joint bid was selected to host the tournament . "  And put on display of Slav hospitality and culture . " A coronation The final in Kiev on July 1 , 2012 , was to be the coronation . But with a month to go until Ukraine was to enjoy its moment in the sun , Yushchenko 's words ring hollow . He was voted out of power in 2010 , his Orange Revolution unraveling as , according to his supporters , the new president Yanukovych -- ironically the man he defeated in 2004 -- tries to roll back the gains made eight years ago . And far from highlighting Ukraine 's development , Euro 2012 has done the opposite . Instead European statesmen and women are boycotting the event as the blond heroine of the Orange Revolution , former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , languishes in a prison cell thanks to what her supporters claim are spurious political charges . Last week her family released pictures of what they say is proof that Tymoshenko was beaten up in prison , which the Ukrainian government denies . "  Her condition is worsening , her physical condition , " her daughter Eugenia Tymoshenko told CNN . "  That was after eight days of hunger strike . She was already much weaker because of the attacks when they beat her on April 20 . Because of her protest her morale is very strong  but  we have asked her to stop her hunger strike . " Tymoshenko has been in prison since October last year . She received a seven-year sentence for abuse of power over the signing of a gas deal with Russia that the current president deemed detrimental to the national interest . But few outside of Ukraine saw it as anything other than the persecution of a political rival . "  Once she was arrested , there was a whole machine that started working , " said Eugenia . "  They wanted to keep her in jail as her popularity was growing . She is now more popular . It is mostly fear that moved him and his people to keep her there until the  parliamentary  elections in October this year . " "  It 's just political repression and they have moved to physical destruction . That has become critical . My mother is now on hunger strike because other political prisoners are suffering in jail with no medical help . " Political controversy The pictures of Tymoshenko , baring her bruises to the camera , have created a firestorm in Europe 's corridors of power . When it emerged that Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel was considering a boycott of the event to protest Tymoshenko 's treatment , other EU leaders followed suit . EU president Herman Van Rompuy has said he wo n't attend -- as has Jose Manuel Barroso , president of the European Commission , who less than 12 months ago had met with President Yanukovych and was presented with an official Euro 2012 match ball . The governments of Austria and Belgium have all said they will not be attending . Poland 's opposition , who were in power when the Euros were awarded , has called for Ukraine 's matches to be moved to Warsaw . The British and German governments are re-evaluating their positions . Even some of the players have spoken out . Germany captain Philipp Lahm told newspaper Der Spiegel that he did not find his "  views of democratic fundamental rights , human rights , personal freedom or press freedom to be reflected in the present political situation in Ukraine . " While Russian premier Vladimir Putin has criticized the boycotts -- stating that "  you ca n't mix politics , business and other issues with sport " -- and the Ukrainian foreign ministry has condemned the outcry for causing "  damage to the interests of millions of ordinary Ukrainians that vote for various political parties or are not interested in politics at all , " others point the finger of blame for the crisis at the Ukrainian government . "  There has been progress in many ways and the last round of elections that elected Yanukovych was largely free and fair , " admitted Hugh Williamson , Europe and Central Asia director of Human Rights Watch . "  But we have particular concerns about what Yanukovych has done in prosecuting his political opponents . Few  Ukrainian government figures  have spoken out about her  Tymoshenko 's  mistreatment and there 's clear evidence that the charges against her are politically motivated . " Should fans boycott ? While Human Rights Watch stops short of calling for a fan boycott of the tournament , it does support moves by political leaders to make a stand . "  Should politicians watch matches ? We think they should speak out clearly . If they decide to not see a match ... we welcome that that is a clear signal , " Williamson said . "  One could see a more extreme case with China and the  2008  Olympics . There 's a clear risk that by allowing such countries to host such sporting contests , it legitimizes their actions . " Yet the scandal has highlighted a much more fundamental tension at the heart of Ukrainian society : whether , as those that led the Orange Revolution contest , Ukraine 's future lays westwards , towards the EU ; or whether its future is in the east and with Russia , the direction in which the current president is moving . "  The story of the European Championships was supposed to be bridge building between the two different Europes , cooperation across borders between east and west , " argued Dr. Andrew Wilson , an expert in Ukrainian politics at Britain 's University College London . "  But no , the story now is the good performance of Poland . Their success is in stark contrast with the problems in Ukraine . " He also suggested that the criticism that has followed the Tymoshenko case could push many Ukrainians away from EU integration , and towards the Kremlin 's sphere of influence . "  Yes the boycott will have an effect , " Wilson said . "  Prestige matters to this guy Yanukovych . They hoped the Euros would give them prestige . The argument that Ukrainians will turn to Russia is one made by Ukrainians . They say : ` Criticize us after we 've made it , not before . ' " Not everyone is sympathetic to Tymoshenko 's plight in Ukraine . President Yanukovych has repeatedly said that there was a criminal case to answer for . "  If Tymoshenko were looking for a compromise she would tell the truth to the Ukrainian people about why she broke the law , " he told British newspaper The Times in a bellicose interview last year . Orange fatigue And others point to Tymoshenko 's poor political performance while prime minister for the lack of sympathy she has received in Ukraine . "  The Orange Revolution was a huge disappointment , " explained Wilson . "  Media improved , civil society is stronger , but the Orange leaders fought like rats in a sack , especially Tymoshenko and former President Yushchenko . After five years of infighting , there was Orange fatigue . " Others in Ukraine point to the the failure of arguably the most infamous sporting boycott in history : the decision by the U.S. to snub the 1980 Moscow Olympics in protest at the Soviet Union 's invasion of Afghanistan . The Soviets returned the favor four years after for the 1984 Los Angeles Games . "  The experience of boycotting the Olympic Games of 1980 in Moscow by the West and the counter strike  by the  Socialist camp of the Games in Los Angeles did not influence political events too much but spoiled the careers of some great athletes , " says Oleg Zadernovsky , a Ukrainian sports journalist who writes for World Soccer magazine . "  The whole country expects something similar to a game of football with two halves . "  At first Ukrainians would like to host with honor and dignity the biggest ever sporting event on its territory , while the second half will start in October this year when many of them will go to the ballot boxes to support opposition parties who promise to free Yulia Tymoshenko . " Yet for all the pressure , the tournament is unlikely to be moved . In a statement , the head of Ukraine 's Euro 2012 organizing committee Markiyan Lubkivskyi admitted that while "  there are certain appeals by European politicians to UEFA " over the issue of Tymoshenko as well as a myriad of other security concerns , "  the issue of moving the tournament  to Poland  was not considered even theoretically . It is impossible from a technical point of view or otherwise . " But as the political row rages , Tymoshenko remains in jail on hunger strike as Ukraine 's reputation crumbles . What once seemed like a reward now looks like a curse . Eugenia Tymoshenko believes that the blame rests with one man . "  The political boycott is the result of the government and the actions of President Yanukovych that are against European standards that the EU wants to see , " she said . "  The previous government had given  Ukraine  this wondrous opportunity for this celebration of sport with the European Championships . "  And I think European leaders do not want to be see  the president  use this politically , using repression and torture against political opponents . "	As Euro 2012 approaches , co-hosts Ukraine under fire over jailing of ex-PM Yulia Tymoshenko alleges they are political charges and that she was beaten in prison EU leaders are boycotting the finals over her treatment CNN talks to her daughter Eugenia and asks what went wrong ?
CNN  -- Barbara Walters getting very personal with Monica Lewinsky . Steve Kroft squaring off against Bill and Hillary Clinton during a pivotal 1992 campaign interview . Lance Armstrong going to confession with Oprah Winfrey . All were "  big get " interviews in what 's become TV-speak for marquee encounters . But while various outlets now vie for the first post - "  twerking " sitdown with Miley Cyrus , let 's not forget that the biggest get of them all is still the exclusive property of David Frost , who died Saturday . His series of May 1977 interviews with former President Richard Nixon , revisited in the acclaimed 2008 feature film "  Frost/Nixon , " remains the Mount Everest of all such face-offs . The interviews also built a major bridge -- since crossed many times -- between the worlds of showbiz and traditional "  hard news . " Against all odds and in the face of unyielding skepticism from "  real journalists , " the man who once hosted "  Let 's Twist on the Riviera " went toe-to-toe with Nixon in his first interviews after resigning the presidency on August 9 , 1974 . In largely pre-cable times , and three years before the launch of CNN , Frost paid $ 600,000 for Nixon 's time . That prompted the reigning ABC , CBS and NBC news divisions to reject Frost 's advances rather than stoop to "  checkbook journalism . " He was left to cobble together a network of independent stations in the United States to broadcast the interviews , another precedent-shattering effort that far preceded Geraldo Rivera 's 1986 syndicated ratings smash , "  The Mystery of Al Capone 's Vaults . " Frost 's four taped 90-minute interviews with Nixon , which aired weekly , began with a May 4 , 1977 , program devoted to Watergate . And the widely perceived ladies ' man with the sugar-coated interview style came away with the ultimate trophy -- an apology after Nixon 's earlier burst of defiance . "  I think unless you say it , you 're going to be haunted for the rest of your life , " Frost said , in search of an acknowledgment from Nixon that he had betrayed the public trust . "  I let the American people down , and I have to carry that burden with me for the rest of my life , " Nixon said -- after earlier leaving Frost open-mouthed with the assertion that "  When the president does it , that means it is not illegal . " News : David Frost , veteran British broadcaster , dies at 74 I re-watched the "  Frost/Nixon " movie Monday night , and was re-impressed by the performances of Michael Sheen and Frank Langella in the title roles . Although some dramatic license was taken , director Ron Howard pretty much crystallized the initial perception of Frost in an early exchange between Langella 's Nixon and his agent , Irving "  Swifty " Lazar  played by Toby Jones  . "  Doing it with Frost would be a whole lot easier than doing it with Mike Wallace , " Lazar tells Nixon , who also hoped to use the interview to publicize the publication of his memoirs . "  It would , " Nixon agrees . "  But it would have a lot less credibility . " But Lazar says they 'd be paid a lot more by Frost . And so the deal was sealed . The late Wallace , then in his early years as "  60 Minutes ' " most famous bulldog , had an entertainment background himself as the host of several 1950s game shows . But he seemed to view Frost as an inferior during their at-times-combative "  60 Minutes " interview . It aired shortly before Frost 's first 90-minute program with Nixon . In an excerpt from their real-life exchange , Frost tells Wallace that he hoped for a "  cascade of candor " from the former president . "  A cascade of candor from President Nixon ? Is this what you expect ? " Wallace shoots back . "  No , " says Frost . "  It was just a phrase that I thought would appeal to you . " Wallace later tells Frost point-blank that Nixon is "  hardly going to confess on the air anything about Watergate . " He has a book coming out , so "  why would he give it to you ? " Wallace 's underlying implication is that he would have been able to pry a mea culpa out of Nixon , while an amateur showman such as Frost would be unequal to that task . But Frost holds his ground , telling Wallace that "  a lot more facts " about Watergate are now known . And that Nixon "  realizes if he misses this opportunity , no one 's going to buy the book anyway . " Frost and Nixon clashed on Watergate in the last of their taped sessions , although the Watergate segment ended up airing first . It drew a reported 45 million viewers , easily outdrawing rival programming on ABC , CBS and NBC . Frost went on to interview a succession of British prime ministers , in addition to former president George H.W. Bush and , in 1992 , maverick presidential candidate Ross Perot for a PBS special . Perot proved to be perhaps even pricklier than Nixon , telling Frost , "  Everything you 've just said is incorrect " after his interviewer suggested he had problems "  dealing with equals . " Frost later told me his encounter with Perot was "  a very refreshing experience , " although he would have to "  acclimatize himself to being challenged . " Post-Nixon and pre-Perot , Frost continued to mix and match , lending his name to political satire  "  Spitting Image " after his earlier mid-1960s tenure as host of NBC 's "  That Was the Week That Was "  ; game shows  "  David Frost Presents Ultra Quiz "  ; and entertainment specials  "  The Spectacular World of Guinness Records "  . But in the end he 'll largely be remembered as a one-hit wonder who , 36 years ago , changed the face of television by doing it his way . He came , he saw , he conquered . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Ed Bark : The late David Frost owned the first "  big get " interview : Richard Nixon He says it bridged showbiz and "  hard news , " though some questioned his journalistic cred He says Frost drew apology from Nixon ; Mike Wallace doubted he could do it Bark : Frost would interview others -- Perot , Bush -- but the Nixon "  get " is his legacy
San Diego , California  CNN  -- And then they came for the children . Just when you thought Arizona lawmakers could n't stoop any lower , these cowardly and shameful politicians grab a shovel and put in a basement . This fall , the Arizona legislature is expected to debate a bill that would deny birth certificates to U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants -- the "  anchor babies " that some Republicans have been trying to marginalize for years . The lawmakers are cowards because , first , they go after illegal immigrants who do n't vote , lobby or contribute to political campaigns . And now they 're going after children who do n't vote , lobby or contribute to political campaigns . Whom are they not going after ? Employers of illegal immigrants . You know why ? Because they vote , lobby and contribute to political campaigns . By the way , the term "  anchor babies , " which refers to the tots that supposedly increase the chances that mommy and daddy can stay in the United States even if mommy and daddy are in the country illegally , is n't just offensive and crude . It 's also misleading . The fact that Elvira Arellano , an illegal immigrant from Mexico who was famously holed up in a Chicago , Illinois , church , had a U.S.-born son did n't stop federal officials from deporting her in 2007 . Some anchor . The real anchor is a job , the kind eagerly provided by U.S. employers who thumb their noses at federal law prohibiting the hiring of illegal immigrants . In fact , right-wingers acknowledge as much when they argue that if we dry up the jobs , illegal immigrants will self-deport . What about their kids , some of which were born in the United States ? Why not stay for them ? Simple : Employment takes precedence . Thus , according to conservatives ' own arguments , there are n't anchor babies -- only anchor jobs . Also , you can bet that some of the same people who oppose citizenship for the U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants also oppose the idea of granting a pathway to earned legalization -- what they call "  amnesty " -- to illegal immigrants . Why ? Because , they say , you ca n't willy-nilly convert those who are illegal to legal . Then how can those folks be so cavalier about making that conversion in the opposite direction by changing legal to illegal ? Lastly , one of the things you hear from amnesty opponents is that illegal immigrants should certainly not be given U.S. citizenship . It 's just too valuable , they say . Agreed . But if it 's so valuable , then why are some on the right so quick to strip it away from the children of illegal immigrants ? Do n't U.S. citizens deserve more respect than that ? Apparently not . In the late 1990s , the member of Congress leading the crusade against "  birthright citizenship " was Rep. Brian Bilbray , R-California . The San Diego-area congressman proposed a bill to limit the privilege to the children of U.S. citizens . The legislation did n't go anywhere . It could n't even get a hearing from some of Bilbray 's fellow Republicans , who cringed at the idea of visiting the sins of the parents onto the children . The same was true for another failed attempt by Rep. Nathan Deal , R-Georgia , who , in 2005 , proposed a bill that explicitly denied citizenship to U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants . The bill did n't go anywhere either , in part because not enough Republicans would even agree to give it a hearing . That same year , I discussed the idea with Rep. James Sensenbrenner , who was then chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and the author of a sweeping piece of legislation called "  The Border Protection , Anti-Terrorism , and Immigration Control Act of 2005 . " Among other things , the bill would have made unauthorized presence in the United States a felony . Yet even Sensenbrenner , not exactly a softhearted liberal , would n't touch the idea of denying citizenship to the children of illegal immigrants . When fellow Republicans tried to insert such language into his bill , he was careful to keep it out . There was a time when Republicans knew better than to handle radioactive material . My , how times have changed . And now all the opponents of birthright citizenship have to do is change the Constitution . The 14th Amendment makes clear that anyone born in the United States , with the possible exception of the children of foreign diplomats , is a U.S. citizen . "  All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside . No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any state deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . " Grasping at straws , restrictionists and nativists claim that illegal immigrants are n't "  subject to the jurisdiction " of the United States . So what ? My concern is n't that critics do n't know how to read the law . It 's that they do n't know how to read -- period . Jurisdiction applies not to the parents , but to the children . As U.S. citizens , they 're subject to U.S. laws , but they also enjoy the protection of the U.S. Constitution . The closed border / closed mind crowd may not like it , but that 's the way it is . I 'm not surprised that this escapes the state of Arizona . iReporter supports the bill Given all that 's happened in recent weeks in its jihad against not illegal immigrants but Hispanics in general , the Grand Canyon State seems to have more than its share of people who slept through high school civics , and they 're being advised by lawyers who were obviously absent the day they taught "  law " in law school . That 's not a good look . The U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants are legally entitled to U.S. citizenship . What part of "  legal " do n't the critics understand ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Arizona bill would deny citizenship to U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants Ruben Navarrette Jr. says bill is shameful attempt to punish children for their parents ' deeds He says Constitution explicitly grants citizenship to people born in the U.S. He says many Republicans would n't back this kind of a bill in the past
Rolling Stone  -- In its first season , "  Glee " featured some weirdly eclectic song choices : Remember "  Thong Song " and "  Sweet Caroline " in the "  Mash-Up " episode ? But in the season-two premiere on September 21 , the show will outdo itself . Rolling Stone has learned that the first episode will feature renditions of Jay-Z 's "  Empire State of Mind , " Lady Gaga 's "  Telephone , " Travie McCoy 's "  Billionaire , " and Poison 's "  Every Rose Has Its Thorn . " In true Gleek fashion , the cast will also perform two vintage Broadway musical standards -- "  What I Did for Love " from A Chorus Line and "  Getting to Know You " from The King and I -- as well as "  Listen " from the film version of "  Dreamgirls . " According to the series ' music supervisor , P.J. Bloom , the episode 's plot paved the way for the Jay-Z track : Having placed at the Regional competition in last season 's finale , New Directions will travel to New York for the Nationals . "  So we needed a New York song , " explains Bloom . He also says that the use of a second Gaga song -- after "  Bad Romance " in the previous season -- is all due to co-creator Ryan Murphy . "  Ryan 's a huge Lady Gaga fan , " Bloom says . "  I suspect we 're going to continue to look to her to be part of the show . " The following week will see the premiere of the show 's all-Britney Spears episode , which will include performances of five Spears songs -- although for now , no one 's saying which ones . Bloom is also promising an "  additional recording " for the episode , but is mum on details .  We 're already picturing Spears and Matthew Morrison doing a Britney-and-Justin-style duet , but maybe that 's just us . In other "  Glee " music news : Another soundtrack album could arrive as early as October , and Morrison is wrapping up his solo debut , due on Mercury Records early in 2011 . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	The first "  Glee " episode will feature renditions of "  Empire State of Mind " and "  Telephone " The following week will see the premiere of the show 's all-Britney Spears episode Travie McCoy 's "  Billionaire " will also be featured
AOL Autos  -- Old cars do n't die , they just get resold . Check out a vehicle history report to make sure your new used car wo n't blow smoke down the highway . If you 're buying a used car , whether from a dealer or someone who put an ad in the paper , you 'll want to know as much about it as you can . Even without anyone trying to deceive you , the vehicle may have problems you ca n't see from a simple visual inspection or even a short test drive . A vehicle history report prepared by a third party is one way to know what you 're getting . Combining information from state DMVs  Departments of Motor Vehicles  and RMVs  Registry of Motor Vehicles  as well as police reports and other sources , a vehicle history report can give you a comprehensive overview of where the car 's been . Here are some things to look for -- or look out for -- when you get a report on a vehicle . None of these things is necessarily a reason not to buy a car , but you should n't make a decision without asking about anything you see on a vehicle history : Many owners The more garages a car 's been in , the less likely it 's been lovingly cared for all its life . Not everyone is as responsible about car care as you are . Rental cars and former taxis , for example , will often have undergone a lot of abuse , although they tend to be quite inexpensive . Location , location , location Some parts of the country are more car-friendly than others . Winter storms  with their accompanying salted roads  can be rough on cars , as obviously can floods , excessive heat or even sea air . Cars that have been where these are common may have hidden damage . Name and description Be sure the car in the report is the same as the car you 're looking at . Carefully reviewing the vehicle description is one way to avoid various types of vehicle fraud , like VIN cloning . A cloned vehicle involves using a vehicle identification number  VIN  from a legally owned , non-stolen vehicle to mask the identity of a similar make/model stolen vehicle . Reports , should include detailed descriptions of the vehicle , so you can make sure the car you 're reading about is the same as the one you 're looking at . Suspicious markings Keep an eye out for records of body work that might indicate a prior unreported incident . Vehicle history reports , like those from CARFAX , can be very comprehensive . In the case of CARFAX , the company 's database contains more than five billion records from thousands of public and private sources , including all DMVs in the United States and Canada and thousands of vehicle inspection stations , auto auctions , fleet management and rental agencies , automobile manufacturers , and fire and police departments .	If a car has a lot of previous owners , it 's more likely to be not-well cared for A car from the north would be more affected by damaging winter storms VIN cloning is a type of fraud where stolen cars use fake legitimate numbers Body work could indicate an unreported accident
January 28 , 2015 This is one of the most science-oriented shows we 've produced . From the imperfect science of forecasting the weather to the phylum of sea urchins , we 're touching on meteorology , astronomy , technology , cartography , and biology in our Wednesday edition of CNN Student News . So take a 10-minute break from the textbook to watch science come alive on your screen ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Allegations that Chinese hackers infiltrated the computers of two leading U.S. newspapers add to a growing number of cyber attacks on Western companies , governments and foreign-based dissidents that are believed to originate in China , experts say . According to one recent report , one in every three observed computer attacks in the third quarter of 2012 emanated from China . Chinese officials have denied that Beijing has supported any cyber attacks , stressing that hacking is illegal in the country . The New York Times reported Wednesday it had been the target of four months of cyber assaults , which started during an investigation by the newspaper into the wealth reportedly accumulated by relatives of the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao . The Wall Street Journal said Thursday that its computer systems also had been infiltrated by Chinese hackers . Cyber security experts say the alleged attack on The New York Times appeared to be similar to previously reported attacks that were linked to China . "  To do a spear-phishing attack of this kind is a well-established move in attacks against Google and various U.S. defense contractors from China , " said Thomas Parenty , a former employee of the U.S. National Security Agency who now advises foreign firms in China on computer security . NYT attack a wake-up call , security experts say "  You could say the tools are sort of stock-in-trade " for Chinese hackers , he said . "  Spear-phishing " is a technique of disguising an email so that it appears to be from a trusted source , luring the victim to open an attachment or link that unleashes malicious software on the computer . Investigators for The Times say they suspect the technique was used by the hackers to break into the newspaper 's system where they were able collect passwords of every Times employee and gain access to the personal computers of 53 employees . Security experts who helped the newspaper to counter the attacks accumulated evidence that the hackers used methods "  associated with the Chinese military in the past " to breach the network , The Times said . Chinese denials Asked about The Times 's allegations on Thursday , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said that "  all such alleged attacks are groundless , irresponsible accusations lacking solid proof or reliable research results . " China has been the victim of cyberattacks and "  has laws and regulations prohibiting such actions , " the spokesman , Hong Lei , said at a regular news briefing . A separate statement from the Chinese Ministry of National Defense said the country 's military "  has never supported any hacker activities . " But data reported by Western companies suggest that even though Chinese authorities say they prohibit hacking , they are struggling to keep it under control . One-third of all observed computer attacks from July through September last year came from China , according to a report last month from Akamai Technologies , an Internet services company . The United States was a distant second , originating 13 % of observed attacks , followed by Russia with 4.7 % . "  China has been consistently responsible for the largest percentage of observed attacks since  the fourth quarter of  2011 , " the report said . The most recent report shows a dramatic upswing in incidents from the Asian country . In the second quarter , 16 % of observed cyber attacks came from China , the company said . The executive summary of the report did n't specify from which groups or individuals in China the attacks might have come . Google had a very public spat with the Chinese government in 2010 after it claimed China had led a hacking attack against Google , other technology companies , defense corporations and Chinese dissidents . "  In the past they 've been pretty much focused on either intellectual properties , such as the hacking of defense companies , or dissidents they want to get at , like the Google Gmail attacks , " Parenty said . "  In this case , it appears they were trying to be able to get to people who talked to The New York Times -- they could make their lives miserable and send the message : Do n't do this . "  They love to instill fear so people self censor or limit what they would say or do with the media , " he added . Compromised computers Mandiant , the security firm that led the investigation at The New York Times , says there is good reason for concern in the United States . "  There are thousands of computers compromising the United States at universities , at Mom and Pop shops -- small organizations without a big cyber security program -- and those computers serve as the beachhead to hack blue-chip American companies , " Kevin Mandia , the chief executive of Mandiant , told CNN . "  The majority of victims , well over 90 % of the victims we have responded to , really do n't disclose that these attacks occur " for fear of losing customer trust , Mandia said . "  The folks that perpetrated this intrusion have done it to hundreds of other organizations and usually they are very successful , " Mandia said . "  What 's really unique here is the fact that the victim organization , The New York Times , has decided to share this information with the public , so people can be more aware of the problem -- because it 's a very pervasive problem . " Marc Frons , chief information officer of The Times , told CNN that the newspaper believed it had prevented this attack from revealing confidential sources . In the case of the investigation into Wen 's family 's finances , much of the information came from public records . But Frons said The Times is n't letting its guard down after expelling the hackers . "  I think we 're over this phase of the attack and obviously the types of things they tried to do previously they 'll have a more difficult time doing , but this is n't over , " he said . "  As long as there are computers and networks we 're going to be faced with cyber espionage threats . " CNN 's Hala Gorani , Jethro Mullen and CNN 's Beijing bureau contributed to this report	Report : One in every three observed computer attacks in Q3 2012 came from China The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal claim to be victims of Chinese attacks Chinese officials say there are no state-sponsored hacking attacks on Western companies Experts say the number of attacks coming out of China has risen in recent years
Queens , New York  CNN  -- Kellie Phelan does n't mince words when she looks back at herself five years ago . "  I was basically a crackhead , " Phelan said . "  I literally was getting arrested every other week . I got pregnant by a drug dealer . ... I was seven months pregnant , and I was still smoking crack . " When she finally gave birth to her daughter , Phelan was behind bars , serving a 90-day jail sentence for possessing crack cocaine , violating her probation . It was a wake-up call . "  That was the most traumatizing experience of my life , " Phelan said . "  To go see my beautiful , healthy baby girl in an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs and shackles ... I was embarrassed that was the way I brought her into this world . "  I knew I was changing my life . I just did n't know how I was going to change my life . " Fortunately , Phelan connected with Hour Children , a nonprofit that reaches out to convicted mothers at five correctional facilities in New York . Now , at 38 , she says she is drug-free , has a job she loves and is raising her daughter in an apartment of her own . "  When you see what  these women  can do with support and love and education , it 's miraculous , really , " said Sister Teresa Fitzgerald , who founded Hour Children . "  They do n't believe in a future and are hung up on the mistakes of their life . And life is not about a mistake . We all get a gift of life , and we have to live it . " Over the past 25 years , Fitzgerald 's group has provided life-changing assistance to more than 9,000 mothers both behind and beyond bars . Its goal is to reintegrate former inmates into society by helping them with common post-release stumbling blocks , such as reuniting families and finding safe , affordable housing . It also provides the women with free counseling , education and employment support . "  Everybody loves children , and they 're an easy sell , " Fitzgerald said . "  But the mothers , for many of them , their lives were so horrific growing up , and they did n't have what children deserve . They ended up on the negative side of life . "  If you do n't get the support and tools , you ca n't give it to your child . ... It 's a dead end all around . " Hour Children -- named in part because jailed mothers get only an hour at a time to visit with their children -- begins counseling women at least three months before their release . Women are referred to the group by corrections workers , or they can reach out directly . Most have family histories of substance abuse , physical abuse , mental illness and other types of trauma , Hour Children says . According to the New York Department of Corrections , 29 % of the state 's female ex-convicts are eventually re-arrested . But Hour Children says that for women in its program , that rate drops to 3 % . "  No woman comes out of prison and says ` Gee , I really want to mess up again , ' " said Fitzgerald , 65 . "  You talk with these women ... about the skills that they need and the perspective and the possibilities of change . That 's the key here : that change can happen . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations for 2012 Heroes close August 31 Phelan admits she initially had little faith that Hour Children would live up to its promise to meet her upon her release from Rikers Island in New York . But the organization picked up her and her baby and brought them to one of its transitional homes in Long Island City . "  From the moment I walked through the doors , it was like home , " Phelan said . "  I knew I was going to be OK from that point on . ... "  If I had n't found this organization ... my family would have taken my baby . ... I 'd be dead , in prison , smoking crack or doing heroin . No doubt about it . " In Long Island City , the group maintains several affordable , sober-living transitional homes as well as permanent homes and offices . Hour Children also offers affordable day-care and after-school programs , a food pantry , a community garden , thrift stores and a salon -- all of which are open to the general public . These opportunities can mean a great deal , because women leaving prison have limited options . Reuniting with children who 've been in foster care can be contingent upon the mother finding income and a stable home , but some ex-offenders are n't eligible for public housing in New York . And offenders on state work-release programs have eight weeks to find work . "  Employment and housing can be daunting because so many doors are closed to our mothers , " Fitzgerald said . "  We all know who they are , so they do n't have to defend the fact that they have been in prison . Women without that help , going out there on their own , have a huge challenge . " Fitzgerald knew nothing about the prison population in 1985 , when a fellow nun asked her to escort a young child to Rikers Island so she could visit her mother . Witnessing the consequences of the forced separation on the child , mother and family moved Fitzgerald to rededicate her life to repairing and strengthening broken bonds . She and four other nuns began taking in children who were born behind bars and raising them until their mothers ' release . This work continues today , with children regularly placed with Hour Children community members who coordinate regular visitations with moms inside . Each visit an inmate receives offers her greater incentive to make a change . "  Little steps matter , " Fitzgerald said . "  They sit in prison , and they can hardly imagine how to get from here to there . "  Nothing happens in isolation . When you come out and you have a community of support that encourages you to use your time well to make little steps that turn into big steps , you see the hope there . ... They show each other they can do it . " Women applying for housing are required to enroll in the group 's employment and training program . They must also be willing to comply with sober and communal living restrictions and responsibilities . They 're welcome for as long as they feel they need support and continue to progress . Some have stayed for a few months , others as long as 15 years . "  We welcome people in , " Fitzgerald said . "  When they are here and it 's clear they are not using the services and progressing , then you can say to them : ` We invited you . If you 're not utilizing what we offer , you have to move on . ' We hold them to their commitment . " The group functions on private donations and small grants and says that more than 60 % of its staffers , including Phelan , have come through the program themselves . Phelan runs the group 's youth mentoring program . She says that thanks to Fitzgerald , she 's proud of who she is today . "  I want people to admire me , and I want to help people the way she 's helped me , " Phelan said . "  If I could know I 'd change a life like she changed mine , it gives purpose to the years I ran the streets . ... It makes it all understandable then . Because God put me through it for a reason . " That 's precisely the dignified spirit that Fitzgerald says carries this population forward . "  They admit to their mistakes , and I admire that because I know a lot of people on the outside who do n't , " she said . "  But they want to move beyond the mistake . And they want to rise up almost from the ashes and say : ` Wow ! Look at me . I can do it . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out the Hour Children website at www.hourchildren.org and see how to help .	For 25 years , Sister Teresa Fitzgerald has been reaching out to mothers behind bars Her nonprofit helps the women turn their lives around after their release Fitzgerald : "  If you do n't get the support and tools , you ca n't give it to your child " Do you know a hero ? Nominations for 2012 CNN Heroes close August 31
Arlington , Virginia  CNN  -- On a blistering hot July morning , Debbie Higgins arrived at Arlington National Cemetery to honor the memory of her son , Marine Lance Cpl. James Higgins Jr. , who was killed in Iraq on July 27 , 2006 . "  Mama Higgins , " as she is known to members of her son 's unit , was not alone . Hundreds of Gold Star families -- whose loved ones were killed while serving their country -- on Saturday joined members of the support organization Families United at the cemetery 's Tomb of the Unknowns to pay tribute . The service was part of a weekend of remembrance for relatives of U.S. military personnel killed while serving in Iraq and Afghanistan . More than 2,000 families were expected to attend the events . With hands over their hearts or raised to their foreheads in salute , family members watched and listened as a wreath was laid on the tomb and a single trumpet played "  Taps . " After the ceremony , a motorcade made its way through the cemetery grounds to Section 60 , the part of Arlington where many of the fallen soldiers from Iraq and Afghanistan are buried . Family members placed small painted stones , flags and flowers on the gravesites . Some left photos or notes ; others simply sat quietly at their loved ones ' headstones . "  To lose a child changes your entire life , " Higgins said . "  It 's my son 's wish that keeps me going . " That wish was for a memorial to those killed in ongoing conflicts , something the Marine mentioned to his mother during one of their final phone conversations . "  It will be the National Fallen Heroes Memorial , and it will be from first killed after Vietnam until the end of Operation Iraqi Freedom , " Higgins said . "  We 're going to remember them all . " The memorial is privately funded and will be located on Route 15 , just north of Frederick , Maryland . But Higgins has also made her own personal tribute to her son : a motorcycle , painted with his image , which carries the symbol and motto of the U.S. Marine Corps : Semper Fidelis -- Always Faithful . The seat of the motorcycle is made from the door of the Hummer in which Higgins ' son was fatally wounded during his last tour in Iraq just a week before he was scheduled to come home . On Saturday , Higgins ' motorcycle led the motorcade of families through the cemetery , from the Tomb of the Unknowns to the graves of their own fallen soldiers . She said she is proud that her motorcycle is an inspiration to others and that she can continue to honor the life of her son . "  He was so proud , and he loved his country , " Higgins said . "  He loved the United States and the American flag and everything that it represents . "	Families who lost loved ones in Iraq and Afghanistan gather to pay tribute The weekend of remembrance was organized by Families United Debbie Higgins ' son James was killed in Iraq four years ago Higgins is working to honor her son 's wish for a National Fallen Heroes Memorial
Jacksonville , Florida  CNN  -- Jurors found Michael Dunn guilty of first-degree murder Wednesday in the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Jordan Davis . Dunn 's parents were in the courtroom for the verdict . Davis ' parents , Ron Davis and Lucia MacBath , both let out a quiet gasp upon hearing the jury forewoman 's words and then hung their heads and cried . Dunn did not appear to have an immediate reaction , but later , he turned around and somberly shook his head toward his father . Dunn , 47 , was charged with murder after shooting into an SUV full of teenagers at a Jacksonville , Florida , gas station following a squabble over the music emanating from the teens ' vehicle . Outside the courtroom , Davis ' mother expressed her gratitude for a verdict she said represented justice not only for her son but for "  Trayvon and for all the nameless faces and children and people that will never have a voice . " She was referring to Trayvon Martin , an unarmed teenager killed earlier the same year by a neighborhood watch captain who was acquitted in the death . "  Words can not express our joy but also our great sorrow because ... we know that Jordan has received his justice , " she said . "  We know that Jordan 's life and legacy will live on for others , but at the same time , we 're very saddened by the life that Michael Dunn will continue to live . We are saddened for his family , for his friends and the community that will continue to suffer by his actions . " The victim 's father said the verdict made Jacksonville "  a shining example that you could have a jury made of mostly white people , white men , " that delivers justice in a racially charged case . "  Hopefully , " Davis said , "  this is a start where we do n't have to look at the makeup of a jury anymore . " Prosecutor Angela Corey said Dunn faces a life term along with a minimum of 25 to life for using a firearm . "  It 's a vindication for justice , " she said of the verdict . "  We believe that we have to have as much justice as we can to assure that Michael Dunn will never ever walk out of a prison . " Duval County Judge Russell Healey set a tentative sentencing hearing for October 17 but said he would wait until Tuesday to ensure the date worked for Dunn 's defense attorneys . "  This has been going on for two years , and everyone has acted graciously . I ask that you continue to do that , " Healey said before the verdict was read . "  Remember , we must respect the verdict of the jury . They did not volunteer to do this . " Dunn has said he shot at the vehicle because he thought Davis had a weapon and feared for his life , but the prosecution has alleged Dunn was the aggressor and pointed out he kept firing even after the teens fled . Three of the 10 shots that Dunn fired struck Davis , one of them cutting through his liver , a lung and his aorta . Investigators say Davis never had a weapon , nor was one found in the teens ' SUV or the surrounding area . A jury found Dunn guilty of four charges in February , commanding at least 60 years in prison , but the jury was hung on the murder charge related to Davis ' November 2012 death . Jurors began deliberating on the new charges just before 10 a.m. ET on Wednesday , after Healey dismissed two of the three alternates and provided instructions for the charges jurors were to consider . The first charge to consider , Healey said , was first-degree murder , which would require that Dunn premeditated killing Davis . If the jury did n't feel the state proved first-degree murder , it was instructed to move on to second-degree , which would mean Dunn killed Davis via a criminal or depraved act . The third charge was manslaughter , which would require a finding that Dunn unlawfully caused Davis ' death . Juror : ` Race was never a factor ' Killing Davis was lawful , Healey told the jury , if Dunn acted in the heat of passion or if he unintentionally caused Davis ' death . The jury could also find Dunn not guilty if he was in danger , acted in self-defense and exacted a justifiable use of force , the judge instructed . Dunn was convicted in February on one count of shooting into a vehicle and three counts of attempted second-degree murder -- one each for Davis ' friends , Leland Brunson , Tommie Stornes and Tevin Thompson , who were in the Dodge Durango with Davis that day . Juror : ' I believed he was guilty ' The Satellite Beach , Florida , man has n't been sentenced on those charges , but prosecutor Eric Wolfson said at the time of the conviction that each attempted second-degree murder charge carries a minimum sentence of at least 20 years . There 's also a 15-year sentence possible on the conviction for shooting at the teenager 's vehicle , Wolfson said . CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this story .	Michael Dunn found guilty of murder in 2012 shooting death of Jordan Davis , 17 Dunn killed Davis after an argument over loud music coming from Davis ' friend 's SUV 4 counts on which Dunn was convicted in February command at least 60 years in prison He said he fired 10 shots in self-defense ; prosecutors called Dunn aggressor
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba says it foiled a terrorist plot by Cuban exiles to attack military facilities on the island and has arrested four U.S. residents . According to an Interior Ministry statement , the men -- identified as Jose Ortega Amador , Obdulio Rodriguez Gonzalez , Raibel Pacheco Santos and Feliz Monzon Alvarez -- were arrested last month after traveling to Cuba to "  promote violent actions . " It was not clear whether the men had been officially charged or appointed attorneys . The statement said Cuban officials would ask the U.S. government to investigate the activities of the men , who the statement said were all U.S. residents . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Wednesday that she did not have additional information about the accusations . "  The Cuban government has also not been in touch with us yet on these cases , " she told reporters . The Cuban government alleged that the arrested men have ties with Luis Posada Carriles , a Cuban exile and former CIA operative accused of blowing up a Cuban commercial airliner in 1976 . Posada has denied he participated in that attack , but he remains a wanted man in Cuba and Venezuela for his alleged role in the airline bombing , which killed 73 people . In its statement Wednesday , Cuba 's interior ministry also accused several other Miami-based exiles of orchestrating plans for an attack . One of them , Santiago Alvarez , denied any association with the men Cuba says it arrested . "  I do n't recognize the names , " he said . "  It 's all a smoke screen to start a crackdown on dissidents . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Adriana Hauser contributed to this report .	NEW : The State Department says it has n't heard from Cuba about the accusations NEW : Cuban exile : "  It 's all a smoke screen to start a crackdown on dissidents " Cuba says it 's arrested four U.S. residents involved in a terrorist plot
CNNGo  -- There 's a special form of loathing reserved for a building that forces you to remove your shoes , wait in line , get groped , shell out for bad food and dash in a panic to an arbitrarily changed gate before canceling your flight . But let 's be clear . The most hated airports in the world are not the worst airports in the world . For that you 'll have to consult Lonely Planet or fly to destinations the majority of us have little need to pin on a map or pronounce properly . Read more on CNNGo : 10 of the world 's most loved airports To come up with our admittedly unscientific list , we canvassed travel websites , blogs and message boards . And called on memories of our own travel nightmares . What follow are majorly despised international hubs  or hopefuls  that , while they may have a few staunch fans , and some have even won awards , have all inspired enough fury , flak and "  never again " air-rage to merit a place on this list . Got your own airport-rage story ? Leave a comment below or tell us about it in an iReport -- the best submissions will feature on CNNGo . You can also vote for your most awful airport on our Facebook poll . 10 . São Paulo-Guarulhos International , São Paulo , Brazil Why is this place on our list after scoring third best airport in South America at the 2011 World Airport Awards ? Because , shockingly enough , it turns out that corporate medal ceremonies are n't always in sync with what people are thinking when they 're standing in two-hour immigration lines , suffering routinely unannounced gate changes and paying through the teeth for a stale Brazilian cheese roll and beer inside an understaffed and over-aged aviation facility . In a country where flight delays  departing or arriving  are just part of the deal , some recent numbers would give pause to the most unflappable traveler at Brazil 's largest airport . Just 41 percent of all flights leave on time . Only 59 percent of flights arrive on schedule , according to Forbes . São Paulo-Guarulhos has announced plans to add runways and terminals -- what airport has n't ? -- but with nearly 30 million passengers traipsing through every year  the figure has reportedly doubled in under a decade  the urgency is palpable and , sadly enough , unsolved by upping prices at musty duty-free shops . But does this really constitute bronze medal status ? When the best unofficial advice for surviving Brazil 's pin-up airport is to try and learn a little Portuguese and not lose your temper , something 's got ta give . Read more on CNNGo : World 's biggest airport planned 9 . Perth Airport , Perth , Australia If there 's one thing Australians love , it 's hating their airports . But while the big guns in Sydney , Melbourne and also-rans in Darwin , Cairns and Hobart get routinely lambasted for various inefficiencies and rip-off tactics , passengers in Western Australia have a special place in their spleens for Perth . "  The only advantage over some other airports is the lack of nearby combat , " notes one of several miffed passengers on airportquality.com . With a reviled pair of domestic terminals  home of two-hour taxi-line queues , atrocious check-in lines , overpopulated gates and meager lounges  and a slightly more palatable international terminal five kilometers away , Perth 's brittle facilities can be overwhelmed just by a trio of aircraft arriving within 20 minutes of each other . Now that an ambitious "  billion-dollar " redevelopment project has been significantly scaled back , who would ever want to leave Changi for this place ? Read more on CNNGo : Transit hotels : How to get to sleep during your stopover 8 . Tribhuvan International , Kathmandu , Nepal For a small airport in a pretty country , Tribhuvan has it all : the interminable weather delays of Boston Logan , the shoddy restroom maintenance of a Glasgow sports bar , the departure board sparsity of McMurdo Airfield and the chronic chaos of a kids ' soccer match . Some airport improvements have been underway for the Visit Nepal 2011 tourism campaign , including things most passengers do n't much care about  e.g. , the new helicopter base  . The most serious beefs with Nepal 's only international airport revolve around its primitive yet officious check-in procedure , starring a roulette wheel of underpaid security agents . "  Departure is an endless game of body searches and silly questions , " notes one passenger . "  Those who did n't have their e-tickets printed out had to argue their way in , " says another , who was checked seven times and scolded for not having a baggage tag on a carry-on before eventually boarding . Never mind . The city 's markets and surrounding mountains are lovely . 7 . John F. Kennedy International , New York , United States You 'd think it would be one of the greatest humiliations any major airport would never allow itself to live down -- getting routinely abandoned by fed-up folks opting to fly out of Newark  Newark !  instead , where at least the ground staff cop less attitude and fewer people outside are pretending to be cab drivers . But , nah , JFK really could n't care less . Every year , more than 21 million passengers stumble through worn , mid-century terminals that peaked when The Beatles arrived in the United States and rooftop parking was all the rage ; JFK proudly remains the world 's busiest international air gateway . So if you 're not into a dim , surly , unbearably congested airport reeking with attitude and unapologetically long immigration lines -- good riddance . "  JFK had a piece of my luggage sitting in a little detention room for bags -- for over a year , " notes one passenger . "  No one noticed it was there , until finally an observant Air France employee wondered what the dusty little green bag in the corner was . " Read more on CNNGo : Secret Report : Singapore 's Chiangi Airport world 's favorite 6 . Jomo Kenyatta International , Nairobi , Kenya "  As African airports go , it 's not that bad -- but as an international hub , it may be one of the worst out there . " This is the common refrain among travelers through JKIA , who either do n't have the heart or the expectations to give this dated aviation facility the kind of pounding reserved for the JFKs and Charles de Gaulles of the world . Saddled with a 1958 blueprint designed for 2.5 million passengers , JKIA receives close to twice that many . Hence the airport 's 2005 , Three Phase , US$ 100 million expansion project which has seen long delays  something about the rain  and has been spinning its tires somewhere in Phase Two for the last few years . For now , that means business as usual : cramped spaces ; long lines ; inadequate seating ; frequent power outages ; tiny washrooms hiding up several flights of stairs ; shabby duty free shops ; overpriced food outlets ; and business class lounges worthy of a shelter in mid-city Los Angeles . Sure , it 's a breeze compared to Lagos . But it could be so much better . The confusing result : grateful disappointment ? See CNNGo 's top five most-hated airports © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	At São Paulo-Guarulhos International , only 41 percent of flights leave on time Print out your e-ticket before arriving at Tribhuvan International in Kathmandu or you may have to argue your way in While Jomo Kenyatta International in Nairobi is decent for Africa , it is one of the worst international hubs
CNN  -- By qualifying fourth for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix , Michael Schumacher offered a tantalising hint he was ready to shake off the indifferent form he has displayed since returning to Formula One in 2010 . The seven-time world champion 's challenge in Melbourne was cut short by a 10th-lap gearbox failure , but the German insists the true strength of this year 's cars and drivers will not be known until after this weekend 's race in Malaysia . "  The circuit in Melbourne is not really representative of the true competitive picture , " the Mercedes driver told the sport 's official website . "  But nevertheless the car gives me a good feeling for the season ahead . F1 teams and drivers for 2012 "  Sepang will be interesting for everybody because it will be the first clue to the real relative strengths of all the cars . " Sunday 's race was won by McLaren 's 2009 world champion Jenson Button , with Red Bull 's back-to-back title winner Sebastian Vettel claiming second place . Schumacher is convinced Mercedes ' F1 W03 car -- which features a controversial DRS-activated F-duct device that has attracted scrutiny from other teams -- is capable of helping him and teammate Nico Rosberg challenge for honors in 2012 . "  After the disappointment of how the first race in Melbourne turned out , I am flying to Malaysia with a big sense of anticipation , " the 43-year-old said . "  We saw in Australia that our car is capable of putting us in the mix . " Schumacher 's compatriot Vettel expressed that the Sepang Circuit , where he was victorious in 2011 , is a more difficult challenge than it first appears . "  It has big run-off areas and a broad track , meaning it appears easy , but it 's not , " the sport 's youngest double world champion said . "  The heat , high humidity and weather are n't the only challenges , as the main thing is to find the ideal car set up . It 's good to go there off the back of Australia and I hope we get another strong result . " Ferrari came into the new campaign off the back of a disappointing preseason , with the F2012 car struggling for pace . Spanish driver Fernando Alonso , who lost his title as F1 's youngest two-time champion to Vettel , put in an admirable drive last weekend to finish fifth after starting the race in 12th . The 30-year-old said changeable weather conditions in Malaysia would test the competitors . "  There is no other place in the world , the Formula One world that is , where it can go from sunshine to torrential rain in the space of a few minutes , " he said . "  Those on the pit wall will have to keep their eyes peeled and look at the radar carefully to be ready for any possible change in the weather . "	Michael Schumacher says Malaysian GP will show true quality of 2012 teams The Mercedes driver qualified fourth for Australian GP , but retired after just 10 laps Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel warns the track is more difficult than first appears Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso says drivers and teams need to be aware of changeable weather
CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi will not be part of the African Union 's next attempt to map out a peace deal in the war-torn nation , the organization said in a statement Sunday . "  The AU high-level ad hoc committee welcomes Colonel Gadhafi 's acceptance of not being part of the negotiation process , " the statement said . It was unclear who would represent the Libyan government in negotiations , or when negotiations would occur . Journalists were not allowed to ask questions at a news conference after Sunday 's meeting of the African Union 's special committee on Libya in Pretoria , South Africa . Members of the committee have met with Gadhafi and opposition leaders over the past three months . Another African Union-led attempt to broker peace between Gadhafi and the rebels fell through in April . South African President Jacob Zuma told the committee Sunday that continued bombing by NATO and its allies was a "  concern , " since protecting the Libyan people was the intention behind a U.N. resolution authorizing the use of force in the North African nation . "  The intention was not to authorize a campaign for regime change or political assassination , " he said . The committee repeated calls Sunday for a cease-fire between the Libyan government and rebels . "  Only a political solution will make it possible to sustainably settle the current conflict , " the statement said . It also urged the temporary "  stopping of NATO bombings " to allow delivery of humanitarian aid . "  Civilian lives have been lost due to these bombings , and civilian infrastructure has suffered untold damage , " Zuma said . Ahead of Sunday 's meeting , human rights activists urged the African Union to prioritize the issue of the plight of civilians caught in armed conflicts , including Libya . The meeting followed claims a day earlier by the Libyan government that NATO warplanes bombed a bakery and a restaurant in a key oil refinery town east of Tripoli , a charge the alliance has countered . Gadhafi has been a strong supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Libya also holds a seat on the 15-member Peace and Security Council , which is headed by Lamamra . The African Union 's committee on Libya includes representatives from Mauritania , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Mali , Uganda and South Africa . Opposition leaders had voiced doubt that any mediation involving that multinational group would end the conflict in a way that would satisfy their goals , which include Gadhafi 's ouster . In its proposed agreement in April , the African Union said Gadhafi had agreed in principle to stop all hostilities and allow outside forces to help keep the peace . But rebels rejected the non-binding proposal , saying it did not address whether Gadhafi would step down or provide any solution to the violence against the Libyan people . Both Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have blamed the Gadhafi regime for violations of human rights , including indiscriminate fire on civilians , the use of internationally banned cluster bombs and the torture and executions of captured fighters . On Sunday , an International Committee of the Red Cross ship arrived in Tripoli from the rebel stronghold of Benghazi with about 100 people on board . It was the second time in a week that the ICRC has reunited friends and families between the the eastern opposition-controlled city and the western regime-controlled city . NATO began bombing military targets in March after the U.N. Security Council issued a resolution authorizing force by whatever means necessary , with the exception of a ground invasion , to protect civilians . Libya accused NATO on Saturday of killing civilians in airstrikes , with NATO responding that it struck key command-and-control centers . The alliance said there was "  no indication of civilian casualties in connection with these strikes . " Gadhafi 's forces have occupied buildings in an abandoned area of al-Brega from where they are launching attacks on civilians , a NATO statement said . The alliance monitored the buildings and said it determined they were clear military targets . "  This continues to show Gadhafi 's reprehensible tactics of placing military assets and operations at the heart of civilian neighborhoods , " said Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , NATO commander for the Libya campaign . "  We have meticulously monitored these developments for a significant period and it was time to remove this threat , " he said . Al-Brega is a key oil refinery town about 500 miles east of Tripoli that has been the scene of heavy fighting between pro-Gadhafi forces and rebel fighters . Abdul Hafiz Ghoga , a spokesman and deputy chairman of the opposition 's Transitional National Council , said Gadhafi bears a lot of the responsibility for civilian casualties as the Libyan leader keeps weapons near where people live . Also Saturday , Libyan state TV said NATO strikes hit Gharyan , a city in the west . The report cited an unnamed military source who said a number of people were killed and wounded in the attack . CNN can not independently confirm the claim . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse , Raja Razek , Yousuf Basil and Ingrid Formanek and journalist David Adams contributed to this report .	NEW : South Africa 's president says civilian lives have been lost in NATO bombings NEW : AU : "  Only a political solution will make it possible to ... settle the current conflict " Gadhafi will not be a part of talks , but it is unclear when they will occur , the AU says Libya says recent NATO strikes killed civilians , but NATO said there is no indication that it did so
CNN  -- Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , inhabited by some 30 Bedouin tribes , has long been a lawless land that serves as a buffer between Egypt and Israel . But it is now drawing comparisons to the ungoverned tribal regions of Pakistan as networks of Bedouin tribes , Sinai 's criminal elements and radical Islamists have begun to capitalize on Egypt 's post-revolution security vacuum by increasingly engaging in drug and arms smuggling , human trafficking and terrorism . The escalating lawlessness in the Sinai risks turning the region into a powder keg . Egypt 's domestic power struggle has implications for all nations in the region . Post-Arab Spring instability has increased Israel 's concerns about its own security , concerns that will probably grow no matter who is in charge in Cairo . As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee , I am concerned about the threat that Iran 's nuclear program poses to Israel . However , instability in the Sinai is also a growing threat to Israel and Egypt 's security . The Israel-Egypt peace treaty , which has provided security and balanced tensions in the region since 1978 , is at risk . Human trafficking in the Sinai has become a human rights nightmare . While leading a congressional delegation visit to Israel and Egypt this summer , I learned about the steady and growing flow of African migrants from Eritrea , Sudan and Ethiopia who are desperate to get to Israel and Europe in search of economic opportunity . But these migrants are increasingly waylaid in the Sinai desert by Bedouin tribes , for whom hostage-taking has become a flourishing business . While a few years ago a migrant might be ransomed for $ 3,000 , the going price today is more than 10 times that amount . Thousands of refugees are being held captive and subjected to torture , forced labor and rape , while those who can not pay for their release are often murdered . The Sinai powder keg nearly exploded in August after Islamist militants in Sinai attacked near the southern Israeli city of Eilat , killing and wounding Israeli soldiers and civilians . While pursuing the attackers , Israeli forces killed several Egyptian security guards , which then sparked attacks on the Israeli Embassy in Cairo and led to Egyptian demands for an end to the peace treaty . Israel has stepped up its military deployment on its side of the border . We have also seen recent attacks on and abductions of members of the Multinational Force and Observers , whose important peacekeeping mission -- established by treaty protocol -- will be increasingly difficult to accomplish amid unraveling security on the peninsula . Recently , southern Israel has seen rocket attacks from the Sinai , as well as an attack by militants who crossed from the Sinai into Israel and opened fire on Israeli civilians . While Israel is building a barrier along part of the Sinai border , that can not stop all attacks , and one deadly rocket fired from the Sinai could be enough to kill the peace treaty altogether and ignite a regional war . It is critical that we engage the Israelis and Egyptians in joint discussions on security in the Sinai and on preserving the Multinational Force and Observers ' mission . The Egyptian military should be urged to reinforce checkpoints on the borders between mainland Egypt and the Sinai in order to stop the flow of arms and crack down on human trafficking . Egypt 's new government must respect the country 's commitments to combat human trafficking under international conventions as well as domestic law . Corruption is a big obstacle to these common-sense solutions . But a renewed focus on bolstering the long-term economic prospects of the peninsula could begin to address the underlying problems . Highlighting the Sinai 's human rights horrors could also be a focus of the Obama administration 's Atrocities Prevention Board , which is intended to encourage robust multilateral efforts to prevent and respond to atrocities , something that should bring all nations together . Ultimately , however , a new Egyptian government needs to understand that a lawless Sinai only undermines Egyptian interests . The administration must make clear to all in the region , but especially to the Egyptians , that they have a common interest in preserving the peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Udall .	Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula is becoming more lawless , Sen. Mark Udall says Instability there jeopardizes the 34-year-old peace between Egypt and Israel , he says Udall : Human trafficking in the Sinai has become a human rights nightmare Bolstering the Sinai 's long-term economic prospects could begin to help , Udall says
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- When a team of Indian surgeons opened up the stomach of a patient complaining of abdominal pain , they had no idea they 'd extract a fortune . The patient , whose name was not released , was hiding 12 gold bars in his belly . He apparently smuggled them into India to evade import duty , police and doctors said Tuesday . Each bar weighed 33 grams , said C.S. Ramachandran , who conducted the surgery at a hospital in New Delhi on April 9 . The 63-year-old patient , an Indian citizen , visited the hospital a day before with severe stomach pain and nausea . "  He told us he had accidentally swallowed the cap of a plastic bottle , " Ramachandran said . Investigations could not confirm his claim . "  We could n't  either  make out they were gold bars , " the doctor said . "  But yes , X-Rays showed there was intestinal blockage , which required surgery . " On the day of surgery , stunned doctors pulled out the yellow metal from his stomach . "  It was unexpected , " Ramachandran said . The hospital handed over the precious extraction to local police . The bars have since been sent to customs , which is conducting a probe , said Alok Kumar , a deputy commissioner of police . He did n't disclose the name of the patient . Nor did he reveal which country he smuggled the gold from . The patient was discharged after the surgery , and is doing fine . India is the world 's second-largest gold market after China , according to the World Gold Council . Indian investment in gold bars recorded an increase of 16 % in 2013 , the WGC says . A tax of 10 % is levied on gold imports in India .	The 63-year-old man was hospitalized with severe stomach pain and nausea Stunned doctors pulled out the yellow metal from his stomach India is the world 's second-largest gold market after China
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona were held to a battling 0-0 draw by Athletic Bilbao in their Spanish Cup last-16 first-leg tie at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . Pep Guardiola 's side came into the match in a blistering run of form which had seen them score 20 goals in their last five matches -- and were seeking their 11th consecutive win in all competitions . However , despite Guardiola selecting a strong line-up , Bilbao defended superbly to become only the second team this season to prevent Barcelona from scoring . Rafa Benitez 's old tricks backfire in Italy Despite their failure to score , a 1-1 draw in the return leg at San Mames in two weeks ' time will see Barca qualify for the quarterfinals on the away goals rule . The winners of the tie , which is a repeat of the 2009 final which Barca won 4-1 , will face Getafe or Real Betis for a place in the last four of the competition . Elsewhere in the Spanish Cup , Deportivo La Coruna are favorites to reach the last eight after a 1-1 first leg draw at Cordoba , while the late game between near-neighbors Valencia and Villarreal also ended in a 0-0 draw . Meanwhile , Schalke and Hoffenheim have reached the quarterfinals of the German Cup after last-16 wins on Tuesday . Jefferson Farfan scored a late winner as Schalke triumphed 1-0 at second division club Augsburg , while Hoffenheim secured a 2-0 home win over fellow Bundesliga side Borussia Moenchengladbach .	Spanish champions Barcelona are held to a battling 0-0 draw by Athletic Bilbao The result gives Bilbao a realistic chance of reaching the last 16 of the Spanish Cup It is only the second time this season that Barcelona have failed to score
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Flo Rida wants you to call him . Flo Rida 's latest single , "  Right Round , " was No. 1 on Billboard 's pop chart for 10 weeks . In an attempt to reach his fan base on a more intimate level , the Floridian rapper has made his personal cell phone number public . "  If they can go out and buy my albums , I can at least make the sacrifice to holler at the few people who call , " he says . "  A lot of times I 'm busy so they 'll get my voice mail . And if I can speak to them and I have time , I always text back . Because I think that 's very important . " To prove that the number he shared on camera during our interview was the real deal , he showed CNN his iPhone . The device was on overdrive , constantly lighting up and vibrating with an influx of texts and calls . "  Yo this is your boy Flo Rida , " he said to one caller . "  What 's your name ? What 's good ? " But it was too much for the person on the other end -- he or she hung up before uttering a response . Watch Flo Rida take a call " "  Most of them hang up , " says Flo Rida  real name Tramar Dillard  . "  They do n't think it 's really me . " So how many calls and texts does a top-selling , in-demand rap star actually respond to ? "  About 30 percent , " he says . Flo Rida has been moving quickly these days . His single , "  Low , " featuring T-Pain , broke digital sales records last year , selling 467,000 downloads in its first week . He 's also breaking his own records : His new single "  Right Round " sold more than 636,000 downloads in the week after its release . It also hit No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 pop chart . "  Right Round " features singer Kesha and borrows an infectious sample from the Dead or Alive hit "  You Spin me Round  Like a Record  . " It can be found on Flo Rida 's sophomore album , "  R.O.O.T.S. "  Atlantic  , which dropped last week , only a year after the release of his debut album , "  Mail on Sunday . " Flo Rida is also scheduled to be a guest on Wednesday night 's "  American Idol . " Flo Rida talked to CNN about having to record music while on the road , keeping in tune with his international fans , and being a shy guy  yeah , right !  . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : In "  Right Round " you sample the '80s group Dead or Alive . Are you a fan of '80s music ? Or -LSB- do -RSB- you just like that song in particular ? Flo Rida : I grew up -LSB- with -RSB- seven sisters so I listened to all types of music . And Dead or Alive was one of the records in particular that I 've heard . But my A&R -LSB- man -RSB- Mike Caren actually brought it to my attention . Me putting out a sophomore album , I thought I 'd broaden my horizons , show people my growth , so I got in the studio with Dr. Luke , who 's the producer of the song , and we made history . CNN : Seven sisters ? Flo Rida : Yeah . I 'm the youngest . And I have a twin sister . I 'm a twin . CNN : What does "  R.O.O.T.S. " stand for ? Flo Rida : Route of overcoming the struggle . CNN : What do you mean by "  struggle " ? Flo Rida : I was definitely inspired by the fact that I had a chance to go to Africa recently , did the MTV Awards there . ... But going back to my neighborhood , you know , I had a lot of struggling , too , where it was a lot of drug dealing around me , killing . ... But my mom always instilled in me to keep the faith , dream big and that 's what I did . I was a great follower of my mom , very loyal and everything . And right now I 'm happy that the world looks at me as a great leader as far as me doing my music and coming with a positive approach . CNN : Your first hit song , "  Low , " broke digital sales records . How did that change the pace of your career ? Flo Rida : We had to hurry up with the album and put it out because we definitely want to keep the attention on the fact that we have a No. 1 record , and let that follow into having a No. 1 album . I 'm definitely happy that on this album versus the last , there 's more substance so at the same time the fans get a feel of me ... where I come from , how I got the success as well as me being the life of the party . They can continue to have a smile on their faces around the world . Hit the dance floor , shake it off , put your hands in the air and ... the hot ladies have my head spinning right round so I definitely had to get that album out . CNN : It has barely been a year since you released your debut album , so you 're really striking while the iron 's hot . Are you putting this pressure on yourself or is it mainly coming from outside forces ? Flo Rida : The most pressure came from traveling . I actually found myself in hotel rooms in the bathroom , whether I was in Japan or in Sweden , recording records , trying to get an acoustic sound . I definitely worked hard ... it was just a challenge as far as time goes , with me doing two -- sometimes three -- shows a night for two weeks straight . I enjoy doing all the shows and performing , but at the same time all that work -- and trying to put out an album -- was definitely hectic . CNN : You 've worked hard to build up your overseas fan base . Why is having a global audience important to you ? Flo Rida : It 's very important ... the loyalty that they have overseas . You have a No. 1 record in almost 12 different countries : To me , that 's like having nine lives . Most people do n't even have an idea that you can really sell music overseas . I always love the fact that I can do things internationally . When I was going to school I took the approach that I wanted to take international business versus just taking business classes . So I always had that approach prior to me doing music . CNN : Are you surprised by how responsive the rest of the world is to American rap ? Flo Rida : Most definitely . Sometimes they do n't even know the language , and they can repeat a song . CNN : Some might say that your music is less rap and more good-time club jams . Would you agree with that ? Flo Rida : People can have their own thoughts of what they think it is . But for the most part I 'm happy that they know it 's music . CNN : What kind of feedback do you get when you have a hit record ? What do people tell you they like about it ? Flo Rida : At this moment everybody wants to be a rock star , so it has that vibe in it . The way I ride a beat definitely gets everybody 's attention . And in using a Dead or Alive sample intertwined with what 's going on here in the new millennium is definitely what catches everyone 's attention . CNN : What 's your dream collaboration ? Who would you really like to work with ? Flo Rida : Andre 3000 . I 've always been a fan of OutKast . Every time they drop an album they step it up a notch . And there 's a lot of diversity between Andre and Big Boi . CNN : What is the quirkiest thing about you ? Flo Rida : Most people see me on stage and they think that I 'm this crazy dude , but for the most part I 'm a little shy and laid back .	Flo Rida enjoying popularity of single "  Right Round " Rapper 's new album , "  R.O.O.T.S. , " came out Tuesday Flo Rida willing to give phone number to fans ; many call Big inspiration : His mother
Lebanon  CNN  -- As world leaders debate what to do about Syria , one thing remains clear -- the plight and suffering of the people is only getting worse . According to the United Nations , more than 100,000 Syrians have died in the conflict and about 2 million Syrians have fled their country , mostly to Jordan , Lebanon , and Turkey . An estimated 6.8 million people are in desperate need inside Syria . As an aid worker for Mercy Corps for over a decade , I can attest that this is a humanitarian disaster of historic proportions . Mercy Corps is already supporting nearly 2 million people affected by the crisis , and we are now working around the clock to prepare for a variety of possible scenarios that could play out in the coming days or weeks . Although we have n't seen any significant change in the number of refugees crossing into Lebanon and Jordan yet , one likely scenario is a significant increase in refugees , and possibly a flood of families fleeing the violence in Syria . These refugees will have immediate emergency needs -- like food , shelter , water and medical and psychological care -- but neighboring countries that are already hosting hundreds of thousands of refugees are overwhelmed and struggling to support any newcomers . I see firsthand the tremendous burden the Syrian refugees are already placing on countries like Jordan , Turkey , Lebanon , and most recently Iraq . Their limited natural resources are being tapped , their economies are suffering and their own citizens are feeling the strain . In Lebanon the influx has caused a spike in the cost of rent , food and basic necessities , and a drop in household incomes as refugees , desperate for work , accept lower than standard wages . I recently met Ali Ahmad Obeid , a Lebanese small business owner , who has been running a carpentry shop for the past 14 years . Before the conflict , he had five employees and his business was thriving . But in the past two years , his business has suffered . He told me : "  I used to rent my shop for 350 thousand Lebanese Liras , now the price is double . I ca n't afford the rent and I had to let my employees go ... I can barely feed my children . " This all creates tensions between the host communities and the refugees that has an additional destabilizing effect on the region , and that 's a serious problem . The humanitarian response needs to address longer-term needs like creating jobs , while still providing urgently needed immediate assistance . Despite these challenges , host countries and the international aid community are building transit reception areas to accommodate incoming refugees who may have to wait for immigration processing and registration in the case of a massive influx of new arrivals . In Jordan , we are working closely with the U.N. and other aid organizations to prepare a new refugee camp  Azraq camp  located east of Amman . We are accelerating our work on providing water and child-friendly spaces , and the camp is scheduled to open in the next two weeks . It will accommodate 30,000 refugees upon opening , and can expand to accommodate up to 130,000 refugees . Mercy Corps has pre-positioned aid packages for new refugees , who often arrive with only the clothes they are wearing . Mattresses , blankets , hygiene kits and baby-kits are on stand-by to meet a possible increased need . We are also expanding our child protection programs to ensure young refugees have access to psychosocial support and activities they desperately need to recover from the traumatic events they experience . With no solution to the crisis on the horizon , the hope of refugees being able to return home anytime soon is remote . I 've spoken with hundreds of refugees over the past year and most of them are realizing it will be a long haul . The majority of them do n't see how the divisions that wrack Syria will be mended , but no one I have talked with has given up on their dream of returning . ` Slow response ' Ehmad , a teenager from Homs who came to Lebanon over a year ago , told me he was so homesick that he actually tried to return . Despite the fighting , he went back to Homs and found his neighborhood destroyed and totally deserted , and could n't stay . Back in Lebanon , Ehmad told me he no longer cares who wins . "  I just want the fighting to stop so we can go home and restore our country , " he said . Currently , the Syrian humanitarian crisis is woefully underfunded . From a private donor standpoint , Mercy Corps has raised just over $ 1 million for our Syria refugee work , mostly from a handful of major donors , but that is over two years . For the earthquake in Kashmir  2005  we raised more than $ 8 million in private donations in about two months . Without the necessary funding to run desperately needed programs , I am seeing more and more Syrian families and children facing desperate conditions . Donor response to slow-onset , conflict-related humanitarian emergencies is always slow compared to rapid-onset natural disasters -- but giving to the Syrian crisis has been exceptionally slow . That said , giving has picked up recently as media coverage has intensified and we are reaching out aggressively to find the resources required to help families fleeing the violence . However , as the conflict wears into a third year , governments and individuals need to make more funding available -- not only to the immediate crisis , but for longer-term solutions that include livelihoods and other economic enabling opportunities , and education for over a million refugee children . It is also critical that neighboring countries keep their borders open to Syrians who need to flee the conflict , despite the challenges that these massive , mobile populations can bring with them . Syrians are desperate , and their challenges will almost certainly get worse before they get better . This is the most complex humanitarian crisis of our time and it is more critical than ever that the international community strengthen its support . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cassandra Nelson .	Nelson : I see firsthand the burden Syrian refugees are placing on neighboring countries The humanitarian response needs to address longer-term needs like creating jobs , she says Nelson says the hope of refugees being able to return home anytime soon is remote This is the most complex humanitarian crisis of our time , she writes
CNN  -- The head of the International Monetary Fund is warning European governments against complacency despite the region returning to growth earlier this year for the first time since 2011 . Speaking at the Fund 's headquarters in Washington DC , managing director Christine Lagarde told CNN 's Richard Quest that member states can not afford "  fatigue " on their commitments to create jobs and to shore up the region 's banks . Read more : Fishing for positives in Portugal 's economy "  They need to move on with the European banking union , " she said , "  continue structural reforms so their economies can unleash growth and create jobs . " Lagarde 's comments come after the eurozone economy grew 0.3 % in the second period of this year following six consecutive quarters of contraction . Europe out of limelight Europe has been spared some market scrutiny recently , as headlines shifted to the U.S. debt ceiling negotiations and the Federal Reserve 's bond-buying program . Read more : Europe feeling the economic winds of change Lagarde said that leaders in the currency union will be eager to remain out of the limelight . She told CNN : " -LSB- In the past two years -RSB- I do n't think there has been a single G20 or IMF meeting without the eurozone being at the center of the debate and they do n't want that to happen again . " Read more : Energy boss : No second bailout for Portugal Lagarde added : "  If they want that to last they have to continue doing the work that they have started . " Since the crisis began , European governments have had to contend with spiraling borrowing costs and state bailouts as nations struggled to repay their debts . Read more : Serbian confectioner enjoys sweet success In four years , Greece , Portugal , Cyprus and Ireland have received over 400 billion euros  $ 534 billion  in bailout packages from the euro-area 's rescue funds . And last year European finance ministers approved a 39.5 billion euro  $ 51.6 billion  lifeline for Spain 's banks , struggling after the property bubble went bust . In return for state aid , creditors have imposed strict rules on debtor nations , forcing them to carry out harsh austerity measures . Read more : Will Serbia be next to join EU ? However , that strategy has come under question . Mujtaba Rahman , Europe director at Eurasia Group , said Germany may believe austerity is working but "  clearly there 's a strand that believes otherwise . " Some eurozone economies , he noted , believe they have improved after easing off on austerity . Tackling youth unemployment Lagarde , a former French finance minister , also highlighted youth unemployment as the biggest priority on the policy-making agenda . She said : "  Countries have to do their job ; the IMF will help the process as well so we have to partner goodwill , the money available and political determination to focus on the right issues . " Read more : Mutti Merkel is no Iron Lady Thatcher Youth unemployment in Spain and Greece is above 50 % , where strict austerity programs are in place , while rates in Portugal , Italy and Ireland are all above 30 % . Widespread unemployment has led to anti-austerity protests in the worst-hit nations with many demonstrations turning violent . But Rahman believes that youth unemployment is a problem that must be tackled by domestic governments rather than at the European level . He added : "  It 's clear that politicians are not willing to mobilize a large amount of resources within the EU budget to tackle the problem of youth unemployment , not in a meaningful way . " He added : "  At the margin there may be a commitment do something but this is n't meaningful . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	IMF chief Christine Lagarde says Europe must reform "  so their economies can unleash growth and create jobs . " Lagarde 's comments come after the eurozone economy grew 0.3 % in the second period of this year . Youth unemployment in Spain and Greece is above 50 % ; while rates in Portugal , Italy and Ireland are all above 30 %
CNN  -- Stealth helicopters zoom toward a mystery compound in northern Pakistan , intent on capturing or killing the most wanted man in the world . Under cover of night they reach their target , but within moments one chopper is down and the mission is in jeopardy . The daring raid against Osama bin Laden contained equal parts action , suspense , risk and bravery . In other words  from a purely literary standpoint  , all of the elements of a great story . So it should come as no surprise that Simon & Schuster has announced plans to publish a graphic novel about the secret mission , which co-author Jerome Maida describes as a "  complex labyrinth of intrigue , danger and politics . " But it wo n't be the first graphic novel to recount Operation Neptune Spear  the military name for the raid  . That distinction belongs to "  Code Word : Geronimo " which hit bookstores and Amazon.com less than six months after bin Laden 's killing . "  Code Word : Geronimo " is the work of Capt. Dale Dye , a retired Marine and frequent military consultant on Hollywood films , and his wife Julia Dye , who holds a Ph.D. in the anthropology of human conflict . The novel features the artwork of Gerry Kissell and Amin Amat . CNN spoke with the Dyes about their book and the challenge of telling the story of the raid without divulging military secrets . What follows is an edited version of the conversation . CNN : Why did you decide to tell the story in graphic novel form ? Dale Dye : We wanted to reach folks in a sort of 18-35 short attention span demographic and see if we could use the graphic novel to sort of reflect the capability and professionalism of the men and women who pulled this raid off , this Operation Neptune Spear ... I think -LSB- graphic novels -RSB- are a coming thing . I do n't know if it 's good , bad or indifferent , but it is a venue for communicating and we 'll take it . CNN : As military stories go , this one is hard to beat . Dale : I mean it was fantastic . It was nothing like Desert One -LSB- the failed attempt in 1980 to free American hostages in Iran -RSB- and the other special operations efforts in which we have n't done so well . This one was really almost perfect , and that 's hard to say when you 're dealing deep behind people 's lines . CNN : Tell me about the research you did for the book . Julia Dye : The challenge in this case was n't so much digging up the information , it 's that there was too much information and often conflicting . So it 's discernment , how do you decide what is the most appropriate , what is most likely , what is true from a variety of sources . Dale : I was able to call some people in the special operations community that I have contacts with and draw on my own background and sort of fill in what gaps Julia left where we did n't know ... There are some areas in which I like to say we used "  SWAG " , which is "  Scientific Wild - A ** Guesses " . CNN : Were you concerned at all about revealing sensitive information in the book ? Dale : We did a lot of talking , Julia and I did , "  If we do this , if we say this , if we depict this , are we giving away the secrets to the bad guys ? " Julia : There are certainly operational concerns and we wanted to make sure the information that is in there was appropriate ... and keep what should remain classified , classified and still tell a compelling story . CNN : There are some panels in the graphic novel showing bin Laden in bed the night of the raid , without a turban . How did you decide the right way to depict his domestic life ? Dale : That 's one of those "  SWAG " things . Nobody really knows what his domestic life was about . So we put it together and we said , "  Given what we know about him , or what we purport to know about him , what would his private life be like ? " In large measure , it seemed to us it would be like anybody else 's in the Muslim community . There was a woman in bed with him and he was undressed and he was the domestic Osama bid Laden , if you will . And so that 's the way we depicted it . CNN : A canine was part of the Navy SEAL team that stormed the bin Laden compound . Do you know what became of Cairo the dog ? Dale : As far we know Cairo is still out there operating with his handler and with members of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group . He 's one of many K9s that they use . I do n't know that Cairo got a medal or a bone or any special plate of dog food , but we 're dog lovers and we considered him to be a hero and Julia would have broken my neck if we had n't put him in there . CNN : In a couple of the panels Cairo is wearing goggles . Julia : Doggles , they 're called Doggles , no they really exist . There is a civilian type you can buy . But they actually have night-vision capabilities and lots of great nifty things in there . Dale : They can put the K9 cam on him so that you can see what he sees and he has a little flak jacket that he wears , body armor , and maybe even little boots that K9s can wear to keep on their feet , the pads of their paws to keep them from burning on concrete and that sort of thing . They 've gone a long way with the pooches . CNN : Tell me about your collaboration with the illustrators . Dale : A graphic novel is a challenge in itself . Because while I write words and essentially design what happens in the storyline , the artists , Gerry Kissel and his partner Amin -LSB- Amat -RSB- are trying to get inside your emotional storyteller brain and say ` What would that picture look like ? ' And so there was a lot of backing and forthing ... That 's where -LSB- my -RSB- military background really comes in . We know what things look like , we know what they 're supposed to look like so it 's not "  Captain Marvel attacks the Martians , " this is the real deal . CNN : Director Kathryn Bigelow  "  The Hurt Locker "  is working on a movie about SEAL Team 6 , the counterterrorism unit that conducted the raid . Do you think that project is in good hands ? Dale : She 's a brilliant director and did such a great job with "  The Hurt Locker . " I hope she gets it right , I hope she knocks it out of the ballpark . The problem with -LSB- depicting -RSB- the global war on terrorism is that it 's still going on . It 's very close to people . You guys -LSB- the media -RSB- stuff it into our face 24 hours a day . It 's virtually the thing that fills the news hole . So it 's difficult to back off and get some perspective and tell a story . Julia : I think it would be wonderful to have films in the future that advance wonderful stories from the war on terror . I think many of them up to now have a tendency to advance agendas rather than stories . Dale : That 's one of the reasons why we wanted to do the graphic novel now . I mean it hits a mid-ground between that big definitive book that some enterprising reporter is going to do and the movie maybe that Kathryn Bigelow will do . This is a mid-ground . It 's got pictures and it 's got a story . And it 's got some really vital information in it . CNN : Finally , what are your thoughts about the people who pulled off this raid ? Dale : We 're talking about some of the most selfless , really true professional public servants the world will ever know . These are folks who are n't in it for medals , they are n't in it for glamor , they are n't in it for prestige , they are n't in it for notoriety . They 're in it because they believe it 's the right thing to do , because they think it 's an important and vital mission . That was our mission when we started out -LSB- writing the graphic novel -RSB- , to reflect some light , some glory , without ripping away the veil of secrecy , but reflect some light and glory on truly professional , dedicated , patriotic men and women .	Capt. Dale Dye and his wife Julia have written a graphic novel about the raid The pair used Capt. Dye 's contacts in the special operations world to do research Academy Award winning-director Kathryn Bigelow is planning a film on SEAL Team 6
CNN  -- In the face of North Korean threats , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak stepped up his nationalist push , urging countrymen in a radio address "  to stand together , united as one . " "  There can be no difference between you and me when it comes to national security , because our lives and the survival of the nation depend on it , " Lee said Monday . The remarks marked the latest in the war of words between the communist North and free-enterprise South , which split after Japan 's defeat in World War II . Over the past six decades , small-scale skirmishes have flared repeatedly along land and sea borders , including deadly naval clashes along the demarcation line in 1999 , 2002 and 2009 . The situation , if anything , has worsened in recent months -- stirred by the sinking of a South Korean warship and deadly shelling of a border island . While there previously had been movement toward reconciliation , recent events have sparked demonstrations calling for Seoul to be bolder and more defiant . Lee referenced such attacks as "  provocations against us without the slightest hesitation " in his Sunday address , saying they proved that , "  if we merely let the North have its own way , national security and peace can not be guaranteed . " The president said that Seoul had "  thus far shown patience , time and again  as it  struggled to maintain peace . " Even so , he said that now was the time for South Koreans to rally as one -- and not to back down in the face of Pyongyang 's threats or actions . "  If we show the North Koreans how steadfastly united we are , they will not dare challenge us , " said Lee . Just last Thursday , North Korea threatened to launch a "  sacred war " after South Korea completed large military exercises near the volatile inter-Korean border . "  The revolutionary armed forces of the  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  are getting fully prepared to launch a sacred war of justice of Korean style based on the nuclear deterrent at anytime necessary , " North Korean Defense Minister Kim Yong Chun said , according to the state-run KCNA news agency . "  The South Korean puppet forces perpetrated such grave military provocation as renewing their shelling against the DPRK during their recent exercises for a war of aggression in the West Sea of Korea , " Kim said . "  This indicates that the enemy 's scenario for aggression aimed at the start of another Korean War , has reached the phase of its implementation . " The long-planned South Korean exercises , billed as the largest land and air winter drills , were conducted in Pocheon just 15 miles from the North Korean border . More than 800 military personnel , fighter jets and anti-tank missiles took part in the exercise , which also involved more than 100 types of weapons . Tensions have been running high since the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan last March , killing 46 sailors . South Korea and the international community blamed the North for the Cheonan incident , but Pyongyang denied the accusations . Then , last month , North Korea said the South 's navy fired into Northern waters and in retaliation , it shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing four South Koreans . South Korea said its Navy was simply holding drills and conducted similar naval exercises again on Monday , drawing threats from Pyongyang that it would attack again . But that did not happen .	President Lee Myung-bak tells South Koreans "  we need to stand together " He spoke Monday in a national radio address Lee says : "  Our lives and the survival of the nation " depend on national unity
CNN  -- Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif insisted Wednesday that the Obama administration mischaracterizes concessions by his side in the six-month nuclear deal with Iran , telling CNN in an exclusive interview that "  we did not agree to dismantle anything . " Zarif told CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto that terminology used by the White House to describe the agreement differed from the text agreed to by Iran and the other countries in the talks -- the United States , Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany . "  The White House version both underplays the concessions and overplays Iranian commitments " under the agreement that took effect Monday , Zarif said in Davos , Switzerland , where he was attending the World Economic Forum . As part of the accord , Iran was required to dilute its stockpile of uranium that had been enriched to 20 % , well above the 5 % level needed for power generation but still below the level for developing a nuclear weapon . In addition , the deal mandated that Iran halt all enrichment above 5 % and "  dismantle the technical connections required to enrich above 5 % , " according to a White House fact sheet issued in November after the initial agreement was reached . Zarif accused the Obama administration of creating a false impression with such language . "  The White House tries to portray it as basically a dismantling of Iran 's nuclear program . That is the word they use time and again , " he said , urging Sciutto to read the actual text of the agreement . "  If you find a single , a single word , that even closely resembles dismantling or could be defined as dismantling in the entire text , then I would take back my comment . " He repeated that "  we are not dismantling any centrifuges , we 're not dismantling any equipment , we 're simply not producing , not enriching over 5 % . " "  You do n't need to over-emphasize it , " Zarif said of the White House language . A separate summary sent out by the White House last week did not use the word dismantle . In an interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria on Wednesday , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani echoed Zarif 's statement , saying the government will not destroy existing centrifuges . However , he added : "  We are ready to provide confidence that there should be no concern about Iran 's program . " Responding to Zarif 's comments to CNN , a senior administration official said "  we expected that the Iranians would need to spin this for their domestic political purposes , and are not surprised they are doing just that . " Iranian and U.S. officials have tried to sell the nuclear agreement to domestic opponents in their respective countries who could scuttle it . Iranian officials have called the interim pact a victory and said it failed to halt the nation 's nuclear development program , while U.S. officials say the agreement essentially froze Iran 's nuclear program and rolled back some capabilities . Zarif noted the political pressure facing both sides , which includes a push in Congress for more sanctions against Iran that Tehran warns would destroy any chance for success in talks on a long-range nuclear agreement intended to prevent development of an Iranian nuclear weapon . "  All of us are facing difficulties and oppositions and concerns and misgivings , " he said , noting he had been summoned Wednesday to Iran 's parliament to answer questions . Asked about his relationship with Secretary of State John Kerry , Zarif called it "  very difficult because we 're both going into these negotiations with a lot of baggage . " Progress has been made , he said , but "  it 's yet too early to talk about trust . " Zarif and Rouhani traveled to Switzerland for annual gathering of world political and business leaders in Davos as a new round of Syrian talks started in Montreux before moving to Geneva . Iran , a major backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , was invited to the Syrian talks by U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , then disinvited under pressure from the United States because Tehran refused to endorse conditions in a previous agreement setting up the talks . "  We do not like the way Iran was treated , " he said , adding "  it did not enhance the credibility of the United Nations or the office of the Secretary General . " Zarif expressed hope that the Syrian talks could succeed , but he criticized Syrian opposition groups and their supporters that opposed Iran 's participation in the talks for what he called spreading extremism and trying to impose their will on the Syrian people . He explained Iran 's support for the Syrian government , a longtime ally , by saying "  Iran finds itself in a situation where we see the very prominent and serious danger of terrorism , extremism , sectarian tension being fed from outside and creating a very dangerous environment in Syria . " To Zarif , an agreement among Syrians that brings a democratically elected government is the only solution , and he dismissed concerns that a free and fair vote would be impossible with al-Assad in power and running as a candidate . Kerry said earlier Wednesday in Montreux that there was "  no way " al-Assad will be part of a transitional government sought by the Geneva talks . "  Why do n't we talk about it ? " Zarif asked . "  And why do n't we allow the Syrians to talk about how they can conduct a free and fair election ? Why do people need to set an agenda and impose their agenda on the Syrian people ? " Sciutto also asked Zarif about his visit last week to lay a wreath at the grave of Hezbollah leader Imad Mugniyah in Lebanon . The United States condemned the gesture , saying Mugniyah was "  responsible for heinous acts of terrorism that killed hundreds of innocent people , including Americans , " said a statement by National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden . Zarif responded that his visit should be seen in the same context as the U.S. delegation that attended the recent funeral of Ariel Sharon , the former Israeli leader who was defense minister when mass killings occurred at refugee camps under his command in 1982 . "  It 's a decision based on national perceptions and national beliefs , " he said , describing Mugniyah as a revered figure for resisting Israeli occupation while calling Sharon responsible for the massacre of Palestinians and Lebanese in the Sabra and Shatila camps . "  I believe Sabra and Shatila were crimes against humanity , " Zarif said . Democracy : Egypt 's beautiful dream in the wrong hands Opinion : Will global elite listen to Pope of poor ? Can Davos make a difference to global inequality ? Opinion : Tunisia 's leaders have failed the Dignity Revolution CNN Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto reported this story from Davos , Switzerland . It was written by CNN 's Tom Cohen in Washington . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Reza Sayah and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	CNN Exclusive : Iranian official says the White House mischaracterizes nuclear deal "  You do n't need to overemphasize it , " Foreign Minister Javad Zarif tells CNN The nuclear agreement took effect on Monday It calls for Iran to freeze part of its nuclear program in exchange for eased sanctions
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Of all the terrifying moments during Hurricane Katrina , one of the worst was when word came that the roof of the Louisiana Superdome was tearing away . During the storm and for days after , the dome was a refuge of last resort for people who had nowhere else to go . It was an iconic image of the city itself , and it became a symbol of all that went wrong with the evacuation . The Superdome suffered severe damage -- 70 percent of its 10-acre roof was ripped away , revealing the metal framework underneath , and allowing oceans of water to flow inside . Over 70,000 stadium seats were soaked , and water poured down over 2 million square feet of walls , electronics and furniture . Doug Thornton , senior vice president of SMG , a managing company in charge of the Superdome , watched as the city 's crown jewel was shredded . "  There were projectiles that had actually been driven into the aluminum skin of the Superdome , " he says . "  We were very concerned about debris falling from the roof . We had no water pressure . We had no ability to remove trash and debris , and we were taking on more and more and more people . The Superdome was literally the poster child for misery and suffering . " As the last of the storm 's refugees were finally evacuated from the area days later , Thornton flew out in a helicopter and looked back across his own neighborhood to the Superdome , seeing an ocean of water the whole way . "  I did n't think there would be any way to come back ... not to the city , not to the dome , not to my home . " Still , within days , he and his staff returned , called in architects , and began examining the Dome to see if it might be saved . For a month , they crawled through the framework , studied structural components , and finally decided that a restoration could be attempted . Maybe a long shot , but possible . So mounds of debris were cleared . Anything that had been damaged beyond repair was removed , and the expensive process of replacing everything that had been lost began . The cost was staggering . A new sound system was put in for $ 7 million . Concession stands : $ 3 million . Video systems : $ 8 million . Phones : $ 8 million more . And on and on it went . All of this was happening under enormous time pressure . The NFL wanted the Saints to open their 2006 season in the Superdome , and that game was slated for little more than a year after Katrina . Work would have to proceed seven days a week . So Thornton is grateful for every break that came his way . The crews replacing the roof hoisted a "  No Hurricanes " flag as a joke to stave off any storms that would delay their efforts . It worked . They finished more than a month ahead of schedule . Inside , all those soaked stadium seats were molding . They could not afford to replace them all , so they cleaned them , covered them in plastic , and for two months blew hot air beneath the plastic to thoroughly dry them and kill off any residual mold . That worked too . Only 20,000 were beyond saving . Thornton stands far up in the stands looking over the vast expanse of seats and shakes his head in wonder . "  If we would have had to replace 72,000 seats we would n't have made it . " But they did make it . Much remained to be done , but the Dome was declared "  football ready " and filled with fans to see New Orleans ' beloved Saints beat the Atlanta Falcons in the home opener . Since then , the Saints have , of course , won the championship of the NFL , making the whole comeback seem as if it were fated . Thornton knows better . The work has continued nonstop for five years , and it goes on still . This is the largest stadium restoration project ever attempted in this country on one of the largest rooms in the world . When it is all done , it will have cost more than $ 300 million . And yet it is the small moments that Thornton remembers most as he walks the hallways , tending to this landmark of a beleaguered city . Near one stadium gate , he points out a spot where every day during the crisis he saw an old woman crouching , helping tend to some children . He says he still wonders , almost every time he passes , what happened to her . But just as he did with the Superdome itself , he hopes for the best , and works on .	Katrina ripped roof of NFL Superdome stadium as people sought shelter inside Superdome restoration largest stadium project of its kind in U.S. history 72,000 stadium seats were damaged ; all but 20,000 seats were saved After stadium re-opened , NFL 's Saints won their first game and later , the Super Bowl
CNN  -- Thousands on Saturday fled the area in southwestern Ivory Coast where attacks left seven U.N. peacekeepers and eight civilians dead , according to a U.N. official . One attack occurred late Thursday and into Friday near Para Village , not far from the west-central African nation 's border with Liberia , according to the United Nations . Humanitarian organizations reported Saturday they were expecting about 4,000 people in Tai , said Remi Dourlot , a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Several hundred had arrived by midday Saturday in the town , which is on the edge of Tai National Park . Another 35 families crossed the Ivory Coast 's southwest border into U.N. refugee camps in Liberia , and humanitarian groups said hundreds of others had been pushed south by the violence , according to Dourlot . The movement comes after blue-helmeted peacekeepers -- who were in the area because of threats against civilians -- came under attack , the United Nations said in a statement . Besides the U.N. peacekeepers , humanitarian groups reported eight civilians died in violence , said Dourlot . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Friday called on the government of Ivory Coast "  to do its utmost to identify the perpetrators and hold them accountable . " He added that he understood other peacekeepers remained in danger . "  Even tonight , after the attack , more than 40 peacekeepers remain with the villagers in this remote region to protect them from this armed group , " Ban said . U.N. Operation in Cote d'Ivoire and Ivory Coast troops have increased their presence in the area , Dourlot said Saturday . Members of the U.N. humanitarian affairs office have deployed to Tai to coordinate relief efforts there with local authorities . Clinton urges Ivory Coast dialogue A spokeswoman for the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast said Friday 's incident was the first attack on peacekeepers since they entered the country in 2004 . Sylvie van den Wildenberg , in a telephone interview from her office in Abidjan , said the remaining forces were continuing to protect area residents , "  who are living in a very difficult terrain -- their villages scattered . " Van den Wildenberg said it was not clear who was responsible for the attack , which occurred mid-afternoon . "  This is an area where you have so many different types of armed people , " she said . "  People have different aims and different reasons to carry arms and to perpetrate attack . So this is a very complex environment . We ca n't extrapolate . We just ca n't fingerpoint any group . " The peacekeepers were on a reconnaissance patrol because U.N. officials had heard rumors several days earlier of armed men in the area threatening to attack a village , she said . U.N. peacekeepers remained in Ivory Coast after the 2010 presidential election , when the country was thrown into crisis after incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo refused to acknowledge defeat to former Prime Minister Alassane Ouattara . The latter was sworn in on May 21 . Gbagbo is in custody at the Hague , accused of crimes against humanity during post-election violence that killed thousands . According to the United Nations , its peacekeeping force in Ivory Coast as of April 30 included nearly 11,000 uniformed personnel , as well as several hundred international civilian personnel , local staff and volunteers . They provide technical , logistical and security support to the government . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Humanitarian groups expect 4,000 refugees in one camp , a U.N. official says Others have fled across the border to U.N. camps in Liberia , he says This follows attacks that killed 7 U.N. peacekeepers and 8 civilians
CNN  -- Ayat Al-Qassab carefully slipped the beaded satin wedding gown over her small frame . She peered at herself in the rusted mirror and cautiously smiled . For a moment , her war-torn world was transformed and she was a beautiful bride -- free , safe and happy . Boom ! A mortar shell exploded somewhere near her Syrian home in Homs , waking her from a daydream . She quickly wrapped a white headscarf tightly around her hair and prepared to leave for her wedding . Only a week earlier , Al-Qassab met her husband-to-be , Mohammad Jumbaz . Their families had coordinated the introduction . He was a pastry chef and part-time fighter for the rebel Free Syrian Army which wants to oust President Bashar al-Assad . She was 18 and from a family who did n't like the al-Assad government . They took no lingering looks across the room , and time did n't stand still when their eyes met . They simply chatted as Syria 's nearly 20-month-old civil war rumbled in the background . "  I had a feeling in my heart , " Jumbaz said , recalling that day . "  I can not describe it to you . " During the interview , a shell boomed in the distance . "  In a time when we are under siege and there are sounds like this , I told my mother I decided to fulfill half my religion and to get married , " he said , "  and without ever even seeing my bride , everything went perfect . " Al-Qassab agrees . "  We saw each other and we liked each other , " she said , "  and in just one week we were married to each other . " Marriage as revolution Homs has borne the brunt of the Syrian military 's wrath since violence broke out nearly two years ago in the nation . Many who live in the city consider it to be the unbowed guardian of the Syrian revolt . A massacre in the spring killed scores of women and children . There , even marriage is an act of revolution . "  We must get married . Our lives must continue , " Jumbaz said defiantly . "  We have not surrendered , and we will not surrender . This is a promise . A promise we will keep , God willing . " Out of respect for the dead , the couple held a small ceremony in the family apartment rather than a traditional large and noisy Syrian wedding . "  It was not appropriate to dance and play music , " Jumbaz said . "  We recently received the body of my martyred brother , and many other families have martyrs as well . So it was a small family affair . " Speaking via Skype , the couple seems to have little interest in chatting about romance or the frivolities of weddings . Instead , both are enthralled with their love for revolution and an ancient country that appears lost to war and strife . "  I wore a white dress , but we did not have a traditional wedding because of this animal in power , " Al-Qassab said . "  We hope once the regime falls we can have a wedding , because our happiness is the end of this government . " The couple spent their honeymoon at home , struggling to survive as al-Assad 's forces relentlessly shelled Homs . But Al-Qassab said she is very happy to stay . "  Here , we have our pride and we are defending our nation , " she said . "  I would prefer my honeymoon to be here amid the bombs and shells then for me to abandon my nation . " In the Middle East , where arranged marriages are common , there is an Arabic word for love after marriage : "  ashra . " It means the love from living life together . It is emotion based on mutual respect , understanding and a need for a partner to survive all life 's struggles . "  I am not upset that I got married under these circumstances , " Al-Qassab said . "  The opposite . I am proud that I married one of the revolutionaries , and I am proud to be here in old Homs defending my nation and my dignity . " Now , after more than a year and a half of violence , living life amid the constant killing and dying is the greatest form of rebellion for the couple . "  I took this step , because I am a man who has faith in God and destiny , " Jumbaz said . "  The days that passed were very hard on us . I still thank God for everything , but I felt something was missing in my life . I do not know how to describe it . "  Every day was a struggle , but something was missing . " A baker becomes a fighter Before the Syrian civil war turned Homs into a conflict zone , Jumbaz owned a baked-sweets business , selling cakes and candy to the mainly pro-government Allawi and Christian districts near his native neighborhood in Homs ' Old District . "  When my brother was killed , I decided to return to my community and support my people , because what was happening was unjust , " he said . "  Seventy percent of my friends have been killed in this and that massacre . This is an unbearable level of injustice . " Al-Assad must be tried for war crimes , he believes . Jumbaz joined the rebel Free Syrian Army and fought alongside other members of the armed opposition to liberate an opposition enclave in Homs . While the Old District remains under siege and constantly sustains shelling and mortar fire , Syrian troops remain outside the neighborhood , stationed along the outskirts of the suburb . "  There are enough Free Syrian Army troops to protect us now , but I noticed how difficult the situation is around us , " Jumbaz said . Now , Jumbaz spends his days kneading rations of flour and bits of butter into dough , creating sweet , creamy Syrian desserts . "  The kids wanted sweets and many of the women were craving desserts , so I am trying to bake sweets again , " he said . Faithful and not afraid Al-Qassab said she visits her parents and relatives every day to help with household duties , and she checks on the well-being of her neighbors until the evening , when her new husband returns home . "  I am not afraid of anything happening to him , and I thank God . We are all willing to sacrifice our lives for Syria , " Al-Qassad said . "  I thank God above all else . " Another single loud explosion thundered in the background as they spoke . The couple did n't even flinch . "  I pray no one is hurt " Jumbaz calmly said . He turned to his wife , who wore a faded purple coat and tight black headscarf . "  Please , go ahead , " he said , kindly signaling her to speak . "  We will not surrender , God willing , " she said . "  We are walking along the righteous path . My cousins , my neighbors , the children of my neighbors all died , and many more have lost their lives . But I am not sad . We will be victorious in this life and the afterlife . " Al-Qassab looks older than her 18 years , and she speaks with impenetrable courage and bravery that generally masks any semblance of a giggling blushing bride only a few weeks into her marriage . "  We were married September 13 , 2011 , " she said before finally cracking a smile and beginning to laugh . "  I mean 2012 . " She turns to her husband , blushing and embarrassed . He looks down to hide that he is laughing , too , instead mumbling to correct her : "  2012 . " Nothing it seems but sheer faith in God moves the newlyweds and inspires them to love , and to fight and resist forces in Syria they feel must end . After nearly every sentence , they defiantly say "  Alhamdulillah , " a common Muslim phrase meaning "  I thank God . " "  My only hope is that this monster will be removed from power so we can live in peace and our children can live in peace , " Al-Qassab starts . "  And if not our kids , then the children of our community even if we die , " her husband adds . "  Alhamdulillah . "	Many Syrians are determined to live their lives despite a war ravaging their nation Ayat Al-Qassab and Mohammad Jumbaz survived artillery shelling during their honeymoon Their marriage is a symbol of the resistance against Bashar al-Assad "  We will not surrender , God willing , " they say
CNN  -- Venice is romantic and unforgettable on any budget , but it can be dazzling if you are willing to splurge . Open your wallet wide -- very wide -- and you 'll find suites with stunning views of the Grand Canal , poshly furnished rooms fit for a royal and Murano glass chandeliers to light up your night . No wonder some of the world 's richest and most famous tourists feel right at home when they come to the City of Water . "  It 's a magical place , " said Joyce Falcone , owner of The Italian Concierge , who travels to Venice about twice a year -- drawn , like many people , by its unique ambiance , color and history . 5 surprisingly raunchy destinations in Europe We asked Falcone ; Venice native Roberto Agostini of Precision Travel ; and Andrea Sertoli , president of Select Italy , to pick their favorite luxury Venice hotels . Here are some of their recommendations . Hotel Cipriani Located on the tip of Giudecca Island , this hotel has it all , Sertoli said , calling it elegant , stylish and romantic . Stay in the main building or the Palazzo Vendramin , a 15th-century residence near the hotel . Both offer opulent rooms and suites , including the Palladio Suite , which has a private dock and sweeping views over the Venetian lagoon through floor-to-ceiling windows . The hotel is one of only two in Venice to offer a swimming pool , Agostini said , while the surrounding gardens can be used for weddings and receptions . And come September , the Cipriani fills up with movie stars and celebrities in town for the Venice Film Festival . But the hotel always manages to maintain an aura of serenity . "  It 's laid back because it 's away from the madness of St. Mark 's -LSB- Square -RSB- . ... They also have a great pool and grounds , which is pretty novel in Venice with land at a premium , " Falcone said . "  A lot of people think St. Mark 's Square is the spot to be . For me , it 's just way too crowded . I would prefer to be away where it 's quiet and just go there when you feel like it , but then be able to escape to your gorgeous , luxurious hotel that 's away from all of that . " Rates for a junior suite start at about $ 2,450 per night . For more information , click here . Hotel Danieli If you do want to stay in the center of it all , the Danieli is a stunning option . Located next to Doge 's Palace and the Bridge of Sighs , it is just steps away from St. Mark 's Square . This is the hotel that Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp checked into in "  The Tourist , " and depending on the room you choose , the lagoon views can be as stunning as those seen in the movie . Hotel Danieli is made up of three palazzi dating back to the 14th , 19th and 20th centuries , so expect luxurious surroundings that feature marble columns , antique carpets and gilded ceilings . Recent renovations have returned the hotel to the list of top accommodations in Venice , Sertoli said . Because it is part of the Luxury Collection , many of Falcone 's clients like it because they can use Starwood points to book their stay . "  It is an old Venetian classic , and you ca n't go wrong by selecting the Danieli , " Falcone said . A lagoon view suite starts at about $ 2,520 per night . For more information , click here . Hotel Gritti Palace Commissioned by the doge of Venice in 1525 , Gritti Palace was the residence of noble families for hundreds of years until it was turned into a posh hotel at the beginning of the 19th century . Located about three blocks from St. Mark 's Square , the palazzo faces the Grand Canal and offers guests views that extend from San Giorgio Island , to the church of Santa Maria della Salute , and over to the Accademia . "  It 's a very classical Venetian palace , " Agostini said , calling it "  very luxurious . " Splurge for a Grand Canal suite , and you will be surrounded by antique furnishings , walls hung with paintings and embroidered damask drapes .  Gritti Palace may not be the best choice if you 're not a fan of very ornate interiors . Some travelers find the hotel too stuffy , Agostini said . Most importantly , floor-to-ceiling windows and balconies allow you to make the most of the beautiful location . Rates for Grand Canal suites start at about $ 4,000 per night . The hotel is also part of the Luxury Collection , so you can book your stay with Starwood points . For more information , click here . Ca ' Sagredo Hotel This 14th century palazzo with a pink facade is a hotel , a national monument and a museum all rolled into one . Once home to the Sagredos , a noble Venetian family , the palace opened as a hotel in 2007 after an extensive restoration . Guests will find opulent decor and incredible stucco works , frescoes , paintings , canvas and architectural features . The hotel is a short walk away from St. Mark 's Square , between Ca ' D'Oro and the Rialto Bridge . "  We like it a lot , " Sertoli said , while Agostini called it a "  fantastic " and "  unbelievable . " The Ca ' Sagredo is near the Venice Casino , so it might be a good pick for visitors who like to gamble , Falcone said . "  It 's absolutely beautiful if you get one of the rooms that are on the piano nobile -- the main floor where the family did live . Those rooms are frescoed , and they face the Grand Canal and they 're huge , " Falcone said . The Grand Canal presidential suite starts at about $ 1,200 per night in August . For more information , click here . San Clemente Palace Hotel & Resort Located on a private island on the site of a former 17th century monastery , the resort boasts views of St. Mark 's Square , Giudecca Island and the Lido . It 's perfect for families , because children will enjoy the beautiful , spacious grounds , Agostini said . The island also offers lots of activities for kids , like treasure hunts and tennis lessons . For fitness-minded guests , there 's golf , swimming and jogging . "  It 's a beautiful hotel , " Agostini said , praising its subdued elegance . He once leased the whole island for a group event , and he has recommended the resort for weddings and receptions . But be warned : The hotel is big -- Agostini estimated its size at about three square blocks -- so be prepared to walk a bit to get to your room . Rates for a classic suite start at about $ 1,075 per night in August . For more information , click here .	Visit these Venice hotels to feel pampered and surrounded by luxury Hotel Cipriani fills up with stars and celebrities during the Venice Film Festival Hotel Danieli was featured in the Angelina Jolie-Johnny Depp movie "  The Tourist "
Texas authorities toughened their security to thwart illegal immigration along the Mexican border , an operation they call a "  surge . " "  Texas ca n't afford to wait for Washington to act on this crisis , and we will not sit idly by while the safety and security of our citizens are threatened , " Gov. Rick Perry said in a statement . The announcement was made in a statement by Perry , Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst and state House Speaker Joe Straus . The state Department of Public Safety has been authorized to fund operations at about $ 1.3 million a week . "  Until the federal government recognizes the danger it 's putting our citizens in by its inaction to secure the border , Texas law enforcement must do everything they can to keep our citizens and communities safe , " Perry said . The so-called surge will continue at least through the end of the calendar year to combat a "  flood " of illegal immigrants , the statement said . "  The federal government has abdicated its responsibility to secure the border and protect this country from the consequences of illegal immigration , but as Texans we know how to lead in areas where Washington has failed , " Dewhurst said . "  Last year DPS conducted Operation Strong Safety and achieved astounding results . Crime rates related to drugs , cartels , transnational gangs , and illegal border activity plummeted because of the resources we allocated to stop illegal entry at the border . It 's time to make this type of presence on the border permanent . " More children crossing U.S.-Mexico border alone	Gov. Rick Perry : "  Texas ca n't afford to wait for Washington " The state calls the operation a "  surge " that will last until the end of the year Tough action in the past has reduced crime rates , officials say
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter faces an investigation by world football 's governing body after being included in a probe into bribery . The 75-year-old 's only opponent at the June 1 presidential election , Mohamed Bin Hammam , had called for Blatter to appear in front of the ethics committee following his own summoning to Sunday 's hearing . Bin Hammam is due to be quizzed along with Jack Warner , who runs the CONCACAF federation covering Central and North America . The pair have been accused of bribery by FIFA executive committee member Chuck Blazer in relation to a meeting they held with the Caribbean Football Union  CFU  on May 10 and 11 this year . FIFA probes fresh bribery scandal Bin Hammam , who is head of the Asian Football Confederation , denied any wrongdoing and on Thursday demanded Blatter be included in the probe after claiming he was also named in evidence handed to the ethics committee . On Friday , in relation to the allegations against him , he said it was "  obvious that they are without substance " and claimed it all pointed to a conspiracy to discredit his bid to become president . FIFA confirmed on Friday that Blatter , who is seeking a fourth term as the ruling body 's head , had a case to answer . It said Bin Hammam had claimed that Warner , a FIFA vice-president , would have told Blatter in advance about alleged cash payments to delegations attending the CFU meeting , and that he "  would have had no issue with these . " "  Subsequently , the FIFA Ethics Committee today opened a procedure against the FIFA President in compliance with article 16 of the FIFA Code of Ethics , " the statement said . "  Joseph S. Blatter has been invited to take position by May 28 , 11:00 CET and to attend a hearing by the FIFA Ethics Committee on May 29 . " Blatter , who came to power in 1998 , issued a brief statement refusing to comment on the situation . "  I can not comment on the proceedings that have been opened against me today . The facts will speak for themselves , " the Swiss said . Blatter said on Thursday he was not responsible for the investigation into Bin Hammam so close to Wednesday 's election . "  To make a point very clear , let me say this : I take no joy in having to observe yet another ethics committee hearing and investigation , " Blatter wrote in his column for the Inside World Football website . "  And I take absolutely no joy in seeing my friends and colleagues of many years dragged before the ethics committee . I take no joy to see men who stood by my side for some two decades suffer through public humiliation without having been convicted of any wrongdoing . "  To now assume that the present ordeal of my opponent were to fill me with some sort of perverse satisfaction or that this entire matter was somehow masterminded by me is ludicrous and completely reprehensible . " However , Bin Hammam claimed that the accusations were part of a plan to force him to withdraw as a candidate for the presidency . "  I am not at all afraid to answer any questions that the Ethics Committee may have for me at the hearing next Sunday . As long as the committee guarantees a fair process , I have nothing to fear , " he told CNN . "  The accusations contain statements according to which Mr. Blatter , the incumbent FIFA president , was informed of , but did not oppose , payments allegedly made to members of the Caribbean Football Union . " Warner has also been named in allegations made by the former head of England 's 2018 World Cup bid , who claimed he was asked to provide money to the Trinidadian in exchange for his vote . Warner denies the allegations . The English Football Association was due to send its report to FIFA on Friday , following claims by its former chairman David Triesman that Warner sought financial help to build an education center and asked the FA to pay for Haiti 's World Cup TV rights .	FIFA to investigate its president Sepp Blatter in probe into bribery claims His election rival Mohamed Bin Hammam requested that Blatter also has face ethics board Qatari is accused of bribery along with fellow FIFA executive Jack Warner They allegedly arranged cash payments to members of Caribbean Football Union
CNN  -- The former Utah state trooper suspected in a series of roadway shootings earlier this week died Wednesday , the Dallas County Medical Examiner 's Office said . CNN affiliate KSL in Salt Lake City , Utah , provided this file photo of the Dallas suspect , Brian Smith . Police said Tuesday that Brian Smith attempted suicide after Monday 's shootings . Smith was brought to a local hospital in serious condition , officials said At 7 p.m. Wednesday Smith died at Parkland Hospital , the medical examiner 's office said . An autopsy is slated for Thursday . Two people were killed in the shootings along a three-mile stretch on and near the LBJ Freeway , about 10 miles northeast of downtown Dallas . Police used ballistic tests to link Smith , a 12-year veteran of the Utah state police , to three of the four shootings , Dallas Police Lt. Craig Miller said Tuesday . Miller said Smith was a suspect in both nonfatal shootings and one of the fatal shootings . He said it was unclear if Smith was a suspect in the fatal shooting that occurred first . The first attack occurred in the city of Garland at about 5:41 p.m. Victim Jorge Lopez , 20 , was sitting in his Nissan at a traffic light in Garland when a man in a pickup pulled alongside him and fired shots into his car , killing him , Officer Joe Harn of the Garland police said . A few minutes later and two miles away on the LBJ Freeway , a gunman fired at two tractor-trailers . While one driver escaped injuries , William Scott Miller , 42 , of Frankfort , Kentucky , was shot to death behind the wheel of a United Van Lines truck , police said . "  He was going to be traveling home , " Lt. Miller said . "  He was about to park his rig . He was going to get on a plane to fly to be with his wife and children for the Christmas season and then come back to this location . " Miller called the truck driver a hero because he was able to control his rig before he died -- preventing other motorists from being hurt . The fourth attack came a mile west on LBJ Freeway , where gunfire shattered the windshield of another tractor-trailer . The bullets missed the driver , but flying glass caused minor cuts , police said . Smith , 37 , left his trooper job in Utah after he was caught abusing alcohol and drugs , CNN affiliate WFAA reported , citing an official report . The sergeant began using drugs and alcohol after his patrol car was rear-ended while he was writing a ticket , according to the report by Utah Peace Officers Standards and Training . He moved to Texas shortly afterward , the station said . Harn told WFAA that Smith 's wife had phoned police Monday to say her husband was suicidal and driving around with a gun . Police were able to locate him using cell phone transmission towers . A three-hour stand-off followed , ending when Smith shot himself in the head , Harn said .	Police say ex-Utah officer was tied to at least three of four Dallas shootings Police : Brian Smith was hospitalized in serious condition after a suicide attempt Two drivers were shot and killed , another wounded in Dallas rush hour Monday
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian Zelizer says Medicare is a case of government playing a positive role in health care . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Health care reform has gotten off track . The president 's news conference fell flat . Polls show growing unease with the proposals currently in play . And Congress will not meet the deadline that President Obama imposed . The status quo , as the president correctly explained to reporters , is not sustainable . Our health care system is not working . Millions of people lack insurance , costs are out of control , businesses and workers are struggling to keep up with premiums , and there are tremendous inefficiencies plaguing many parts of the system . Conditions will only become worse in coming years . Our health care system brings to mind the economist Herbert Stein 's famous maxim : "  When something ca n't go on forever , it will stop . " When Congress returns in September , Obama will only be able to revitalize the prospects for health care reform if he offers Americans a stronger argument about what government can do to improve this situation . After years of being in the opposition , Democrats are still scared about defending the value of government . Their political nerves have been exacerbated by polls showing the public is growing increasingly concerned about the size of government spending . This reticence about government , in the aftermath of the Democrats ' dramatic 2008 election victory , has been one of the most striking aspects of the administration 's rhetoric in the past few months . Before the 1970s , Democrats were full of confidence when pushing for federal programs . Indeed , 44 years ago this week , on July 30 , 1965 , President Lyndon Johnson signed the legislation that created Medicare and Medicaid . The event took place at Harry Truman 's presidential library in Independence , Missouri . Sitting beside the 81-year-old former president , Johnson announced : "  No longer will older Americans be denied the healing miracle of modern medicine . No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years . " The program succeeded . Government worked . Before Medicare started , only about 50 percent of Americans who were 65 or older possessed hospital coverage . Within five years of the program 's creation , 97 percent of the elderly had hospital coverage . The same changes occurred with physician 's coverage . Today , more than 40 million elderly Americans rely on the program -- as do their families who do n't have to take responsibility for these costs . Besides expanding coverage , Medicare has become instrumental to the health care industry . For all the complaints that we hear about Medicare , the reality is that most hospitals and doctors have come to depend on these federal payments into their system . Those who want to keep government "  out " of the industry rarely acknowledge that government is already "  in . " While doctors were at the forefront of the campaign against Medicare , they turned out to be among the program 's biggest beneficiaries . As political scientist Jonathan Oberlander told Slate about the industry , "  If they 'd known how well they were going to do , they would n't have spent all those years opposing it . They would have said , ` Please pass this . ' " Medicare has also been able to accomplish the impossible : compel hospitals to change the way in which they charge for care . While policymakers had originally allowed hospitals to charge "  reasonable costs " to the program , reforms in 1983 created the Prospective Payment System . Rather than paying hospitals for each patient they took care of , Medicare paid hospitals a fixed amount of money . The change resulted in significant cost reductions . Most recently , in Massachusetts , state policymakers have observed that the existence of a strong government program has created an opportunity to achieve such cost measures at the state level . And finally , Medicare has proven to be more popular than private insurance programs . So , for all the talk about hating big government , the big government seems to be doing something right , according to numerous polls . According to a Kaiser poll , 68 percent of respondents said they believed the Medicare program would put "  your interests above their own " compared to 48 percent for private insurance . The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reported that more than 70 percent of Medicare fee-for-service recipients were satisfied with their access to care , in contrast to those on private insurance , where only 51 percent felt they could always obtain what they needed . Certainly , Medicare has been far from perfect . The program has not been good at innovation . When Congress added catastrophic medical coverage to Medicare in 1988 , legislators were forced to retreat and repeal the plan in 1989 after encountering a political backlash . Congress added prescription drug benefits to Medicare , but not until 2003 . Medicare has also become an enormously expensive part of the federal budget , requiring significant increases in payroll taxes while squeezing discretionary spending for other policies . All in all , however , Medicare has done pretty well for this country . It remains the best argument President Obama can make in response to his critics . Of course , arguments were not all that LBJ relied on . Johnson was willing to make key compromises on the legislation , such as originally allowing hospitals to determine charges and sitting back as Ways and Means Chairman Wilbur Mills -- who had opposed the proposal for several years -- redrafted the measure in the final weeks and then publicly claimed credit for the outcome . Johnson was also willing to strong-arm members of his own party who were on the fence about the bill . But in the end , the key to Medicare was not politicking but a compelling belief that government could play a positive role in this country and in our health care system . As policymakers enter into the final rounds of this debate , they would do well to look carefully at the program that Lyndon Johnson signed into law in July 1965 and see just what Washington , despite all the knocks it takes , can provide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Zelizer : Democrats nervous about expanding government role in health care He says Medicare is a strong case of government positively affecting health care He says recipients rate Medicare more highly than private insurance Zelizer : Today 40 million Americans rely on the program , along with their families
CNN  -- In the 1980s , Jane Fonda was the face of fitness for millions of Americans . "  The Jane Fonda Workout " became the highest-selling home video ever , with more than a million copies purchased . Since then , Fonda has produced and starred in over 20 home exercise tapes and DVDs . After a 15-year hiatus , the Oscar award-winning actress returned to the fitness field with the goal of helping baby boomers feel better and stay active . Her latest DVD , "  Prime Time : AM/PM Yoga for Beginners , " releases Tuesday . Fonda turns 75 later this month . We spoke with her Monday about aging , eating and living life abundantly . Q : When you released your first workout tape in 1982 , did you have a sense of how big a phenomenon you were on to ? I did not have a clue . I had no idea . It was pure luck . I did n't realize the role timing would play in the whole thing . There was no video industry . I did n't know anyone who owned a video , because no one could afford the hardware to play a video . And there was no video that beckoned people to do it over and over and over again until that tape came out . That 's what caused the video industry to explode ... it was all very synergistic ... it had no strategic thought on my part . Q : How do you stay motivated ? What motivates me is how good I feel afterwards .  Laughs  I do n't wake up saying "  Oh goody , I am going to work out . " But I do it because of how it makes me feel when it 's over . I feel so good . If I 've felt depressed or down at all , it picks me up and makes me feel great . Q : Do you feel you have to do as much as you did 10 years ago ? Absolutely not , no . I ca n't do what I used to do . My body just would n't tolerate what I used to do .  Fonda has had hip and knee replacement surgeries .  The mistake that so many people make is that if they ca n't do what they once did , then they do n't do anything . Big mistake . It 's important just to do something . If you ca n't run , walk . ... If you ca n't lift heavy weights , so lift light weights . But just keep yourself physically active . It makes all the difference not just for your body , but for your brain as well . Q : What do you eat ? I eat fish , chicken and eggs . I eat red meat maybe twice a week . But when you are older , it is very important what you eat because your cells regenerate more slowly and also you put on weight more easily because you have less muscle than you used to , so every single calorie you put in your body has to count for something . I eat by color . I try to eat something dark green , dark purple , red , orange , yellow , white , because they all have different vitamins and minerals in them . Q : What foods do you avoid at all costs ? Well , I am not a purist . I am not perfect . Now that the Christmas holiday is coming , I will take a bite of a pecan pie , but I wo n't eat a whole pecan pie . I will take a few bites of the dressing , but I will eat a lot of the turkey . Turkey meat is so good . I will eat it with cranberry sauce and gravy . But I try to eat less of the very fattening food and more of the really healthy food . Q : What do you think is the secret to a well-lived life ? I think it 's more important to be "  interested " than to try to be "  interesting . " I 've always remained interested and curious and I 've always been a student as well as a teacher , so I think that 's key . Also being intentional ... living an intentional life ... thinking about who you are , how you affect other people , how you are perceived in the world and how you can change that to be more positive -- instead of sort of just drifting along like a leaf in the river , being really intentional about how you live . When you do yoga , you can do the poses thinking about the grocery shopping or what you are going to do tomorrow , or you can be intentional ... in the moment , being present in what you are doing . That 's how to get the most out of life and learning . That has been very important to me .	Jane Fonda has produced and starred in more than 20 exercise tapes and DVDs Her latest DVD , on yoga for beginners , releases Tuesday Fonda talks about her approach to staying fit , eating healthy and "  being intentional "
Less than 24 hours after being named the winner of the third season of "  The Voice , " Cassadee Pope is still catching her breath . "  I do n't think it 's really settled in yet , " she tells Rolling Stone . "  It 's just unreal . I ca n't believe it . I have n't had a chance to sit down and soak it up . But it 's just crazy . I 'm very excited . " In addition to winning the show , Pope , 23 , is still coming to grips with the fact that she sang "  I 'm With You , " one of her "  all-time favorite songs , " with its original vocalist , Avril Lavigne . Pope has long admired the Canadian singer . "  She 's always had that thing about her that always spoke to me , which is being who she is and not apologizing for it , " explains Pope . "  That 's something that I have trouble with , honestly . I do care about what people think about me sometimes , and sometimes it affects me in a negative way . Her music has always been there to remind me to not care what other people think and be myself . " Cassadee Pope wins season three of "  The Voice " Pope -- a native of West Palm Beach , Florida , and the former lead singer of the Warped Tour vets Hey Monday -- admits she was hesitant at first to audition for "  The Voice . " Last year , while still a member of her band , Pope turned down an offer to audition for Season Two . But after moving to Los Angeles to try her hand at a solo career , struggling to pay the bills and exhausting all her contacts in the music business , Pope says she was forced to reconsider her options when The Voice came calling again . "  I almost passed on it again , " she admits . "  I do n't know why ... just being in the band world , you tend to get a little proud . A part of me just did n't want to do this show because I wanted to do it from the ground up . I really wanted to do it the old-fashioned way , which is kind of impossible nowadays -- especially when everyone thinks you 're going to sound exactly like your band and no one 's interested . " ` The Voice : ' Rolling Stones complete coverage Not surprisingly , Pope has no regrets now . "  Doing the show was , I think , the best career decision I 've ever made , " she says . "  It got people to really take a second to listen . It 's not going to be Hey Monday ; it 's going to be something entirely different . " That 's not to say Pope did n't have second thoughts throughout the season . The singer admits she was taken aback when many on the Internet protested that her previous music-industry experience put her at an unfair advantage in the competition . "  When I came into -LSB- the show -RSB- , I got a lot of that and it was discouraging , " she says . "  But I had to just prove myself and try to prove people wrong . I thought it was kind of crazy to think that someone like me -- who 's been working towards this my whole life , since I was four years old , and then toured in bands and did all that , and really has been working hard -- does n't deserve it as much as someone else next to me who 's never done it before . I feel like if you have the heart and the passion for it , you deserve it . " ` The Voice : ' Season three awards Pope evolved significantly as a singer on The Voice , shedding her pop-punk roots and embracing country music , the genre of choice for mentor Blake Shelton . In fact , the singer 's standout moment of the season was her performance of the Shelton ballad "  Over You , " which became the sole song on the show this season to top the iTunes charts . While initially dismissive of the genre , Pope says now that she sees many similarities between it and her more familiar pop-rock . "  Country music tell stories , " she says . "  That 's something that I can relate to . " Having secured a record contract with Universal Republic in her victory , Pope will soon hit the studio to record her debut solo album . " -LSB- It will be -RSB- a little bit more of a Nineties , early 2000s feel , " she says . "  Pop-rock but with a little bit of a country twist on it . There 's a lot of things to work out and I know that it 's going to take some meetings to figure it out . But I would love to do pop-rock/country -LSB- album -RSB- so I 'm able to cover all the bases . " See original story at RollingStone.com	Cassadee Pope is still catching her breath after winning "  The Voice " She says she was very hesitant to even audition for the show Pope will soon hit the studio to record her debut solo album
CNN  The investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 has not revealed evidence of the co-pilot Andreas Lubitz 's motive , but he suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in Dusseldorf , Germany , said Monday . Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans , prosecutor 's spokesman Christoph Kumpa said . However , medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy . This was before he ever got his pilot 's license , Kumpa said . Kumpa emphasized there 's no evidence suggesting Lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash . It is believed that Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane Tuesday into the French Alps , killing all 150 on board . The prosecutor 's office confirmed what some media outlets had reported about doctors deeming Lubitz unfit to fly , though there were no physical illnesses found . In short , investigators in Germany and France are not yet ruling anything out . Much attention has focused on Lubitz 's state of mind , with suggestions that he may have had mental health issues . Lubitz , 27 , passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , a German aviation source told CNN . He had stated working as a commercial pilot in 2013 , Lufthansa said . An official with Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings , said that the exam only tests physical health , not psychological health . It 's unknown if Lubitz mentioned his problems on a form that asks yes-or-no questions about physical and mental illness , suicide attempts and medications . European pilots must fill out the form to be recertified . Federal aviation authorities , not the airline , issue the form . The form is privileged information and Lufthansa never sees a pilot 's completed form , said an airline spokesperson . The airline would only get a "  clear to fly " notice from the aviation doctors alerting the airline that a pilot has completed recertification . Lubitz had visited an eye doctor because of vision problems , a European government official familiar with the investigation told CNN . The pilot complained he was not seeing as he should , but the doctor told him the cause was psychosomatic , the official said . In part because of this , the doctor deemed Lubitz unfit for flying . Lubitz told a different doctor -- a neuropsychologist -- that he was too stressed with work , the European official said . The dates of these visits are unclear , but they could have been earlier this year . The official said he is not aware of any suicidal tendencies reported by Lubitz to the doctors , but that investigators believe he was suicidal . Airline officials have said that if Lubitz went to a doctor on his own , he would have been required to self-report if deemed unfit to fly . A Dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently on March 10 , "  concerning a diagnosis . " But the University Clinic said it had not treated Lubitz for depression . The speculation about Lubitz ' mental state is based on a letter found in a waste bin in his Dusseldorf apartment . The note , which was "  slashed , " said Lubitz was not able to do his job , Kumpa said Friday . Britain 's most senior psychiatrist , Sir Simon Wessely , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that when a pilot is "  acutely depressed or suffering from really any physical illness " that impairs abilities , they can not fly an aircraft safely . "  We do n't let pilots fly with depression ... because they 're impaired in concentration , memory and attention , which is n't good for a pilot , " said Wessely , who is president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists and an adviser to the British army . One of the strongest pieces of evidence to emerge from the crash so far comes from the cockpit voice recorder . The sounds recorded on the recorder , known as a "  black box , " firms up a theory by investigators that the co-pilot locked the captain out of the cockpit and then crashed the plane . "  For God 's sake , open the door ! " Capt. Patrick Sondenheimer screamed as he banged on the cockpit door , pleading with the co-pilot . Thirteen minutes later , the plane slammed into the French Alps . The audio from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has not been released , but the German newspaper Bild published Sunday what it claims is a summary of the transcript from the recording . CNN can not independently verify the information , which Bild says is based on 1.5 hours of audio that was on the cockpit voice recorder . According to Bild 's report , Sondenheimer told co-pilot Lubitz that he did n't manage to go to the bathroom before takeoff . Lubitz told him he could go anytime . After reaching cruising altitude , Sondenheimer asked Lubitz to prepare the landing . Once that 's finished , Lubitz again told the captain he "  can go anytime . " There is the sound of a seat being pushed backward after which the captain says , "  You can take over . " At 10:29 a.m. , air traffic radar detects that the plane is starting to descend . Three minutes later , air traffic controllers try to contact the plane and receive no answer -- shortly after which an alarm goes off in the cockpit , warning of the "  sink rate , " Bild reported . Next comes the banging . Sondenheimer begs Lubitz to let him in . Passengers then begin to scream , according to the transcript obtained by Bild . Another three minutes pass . A loud metallic bang is heard at 7,000 meters  almost 23,000 feet  . A minute and half later and 2,000 meters  about 6,500 feet  lower to the ground , an alarm says , "  Terrain -- pull up ! " "  Open the damn door ! " the pilot says . It 's 10:38 a.m. , and the plane is at 4,000 meters  about 13,000 feet  . Lubitz 's breathing can still be heard on the voice recorder , according to Bild 's report . Two minutes later , investigators think they hear the plane 's right wing scrape a mountaintop . Screams can be heard one final time . France 's accident investigation agency , BEA , told CNN that the agency was "  dismayed " by the voice recording leak to Bild . Martine Del Bono , a spokeswoman for the agency , said the leak could not have come from a BEA agent . She said the agency considers the report mere "  voyeurism . " Cockpit recordings are some of the most sensitive and closely held parts of aviation crash investigations . They 're never officially released , according to CNN aviation reporter Richard Quest . Quest called it "  unbelievable " that the black box audio would be leaked in this manner . Communications between air traffic control and a plane 's cockpit can be downloaded privately , but that 's less common in Europe than it is in the United States . An edited and redacted version of the transcript is usually published in part of a final report on an incident . Although search teams have recovered the cockpit voice recorder , the flight data recorder remains missing . That device could reveal crucial details about what happened during the final moments of the flight . About 150 German investigators -- some specializing in homicide cases and others in identifying remains -- are in the French Alps at the site of the crash , Dusseldorf police said Monday . Meanwhile , police continue to examine evidence collected from the apartment of Lubitz and from his parents ' home , police said . French investigators at the crash site said they are optimistic they will be able to identify most of the passengers but added that "  it may not be possible to find the human remains of all the 150 passengers , as some of them may have been pulverized by the crash . " Of the 150 passengers , 78 had been identified through DNA , Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN . Weather conditions slowed the rescue work Monday , Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie unit said . A new path under construction to the crash site will reduce the time it takes to reach the area , he said . Le Vernet Mayor Francois Balique told CNN the path was within 100 meters of being finished . He commissioned a backhoe to build the path , he said . "  I felt the family members wanted this and they asked me to get them as close as possible , as if every meter mattered to them , " he said . The path will allow all-terrain vehicles to reach the site with fewer risks than with helicopter transfers . Family members of those aboard Flight 9525 , meanwhile , are making the grim pilgrimage to the crash site . A total of 325 people have so far traveled to the site , Germanwings Chief Operating Officer Oliver Wagner said Monday at a news conference . He detailed what the airline is doing to support relatives of the victims . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Pamela Boykoff , Antonia Mortensen , Sandrine Amiel , Frederik Pleitgen , Karl Penhaul and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	European pilots must fill out forms that ask about mental and physical illnesses Road to crash site is almost finished , says mayor of Le Vernet , France German newspaper Bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moments
HLNtv  Actress Alyssa Milano had some angry tweets for Heathrow Airport authorities Thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she 'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane . Milano , who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a "  romantic getaway , " was furious . According to the Heathrow Airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk , the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight . A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011 when her pumped milk was also confiscated . Per the UK Department of Transport , travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary . Milano , who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding , said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated . See the original story at HLNtv.com .	Milano had pumped while on plane Travelers are asked to carry only what they need
CNN  -- Gunmen wounded a prominent Pakistani TV news anchor on Saturday in an attack his brother linked to the nation 's government , despite its firm denial . Hamid Mir was shot three times by gunmen in a car and on two motorcycles near Karachi 's airport , his network Geo News -- a CNN affiliate -- reported . Shahid Hayat , the police chief for Karachi , said bullets struck Mir 's intestines , leg and pelvic area . Dr. Aamir Hussain told Geo News that Mir then underwent a successful operation at a private hospital . Amir Mir -- the targeted news anchor 's brother and a journalist himself -- said Hamid Mir believed ISI , Pakistan 's powerful intelligence agency , and specifically its leader Lt. Gen. Zaheerul Islam , had plans to assassinate him . Yet the Pakistani military public relations agency ISPR said that "  raising allegations against ISI or the head of ISI without any basis is highly regrettable and misleading . " In the same statement , a spokesman for that agency condemned the attack and "  prayed for  Mir 's  well-being and quick recovery . " The United States condemned the shooting , calling it the latest in a series of worrisome attacks on journalists in Pakistan . " ... Attacks like these should be a wake-up call to all who value democracy in Pakistan , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  We wish Hamid Mir a speedy recovery and urge the Government of Pakistan to bring all those responsible for these attacks on the media to justice . " A former newspaper reporter and editor , Hamid Mir writes columns and hosts a political talk show on Geo News . His guests have included members of Pakistan 's ruling government and the opposition . Mir is also writing a book on Osama bin Laden , the late al Qaeda leader whose escape from the Tora Bora mountains of Afghanistan he extensively reported on . Two Pakistani governments -- once in 2007 and again in 2008 -- banned him from appearing on Pakistani television . Pointing to a late March attack against a Pakistani journalist , an official with the Committee to Protect Journalists called the targeting of Mir "  an indicator that the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has not been able to reverse the country 's appalling record of violence against journalists , despite pledges to do so . " "  Police must act swiftly and decisively in this and all cases that have been building up for years in Pakistan , " said Bob Dietz , the journalism advocacy group 's Asia program coordinator . "  And the country 's media must use their capabilities to pursue their own investigations , as well as pressure the government to take action . "	NEW : The United States says the attack "  should be a wake-up call " in Pakistan Men in a car , on motorcycles fired at Hamid Mir , reports his network , Geo News He was hit three times , then had a successful operation , the CNN affiliate says Mir felt Pakistan 's spy agency may try to assassinate him , his brother tells Geo News
CNN  -- Two years ago Lindsey Vonn suffered heartbreak when the weather gods robbed her of skiing 's prestigious World Cup overall title . Fast-forward to 2013 and it is Vonn 's turn to thank the elements as the American has been handed the World Cup downhill crown for a record sixth year in a row -- despite being sidelined with a serious knee injury . She held off Slovenia 's Tina Maze by just a single point after bad fog forced the abandonment of the season 's final downhill race in Lenzerheide in Switzerland on Wednesday . Vonn wrote on her Facebook page : "  Omg I won the World Cup Downhill title !!!!! 6 in a row with a bum knee ! Everything in life comes back around . #believe #karma #onelegvictorydance #sochi2014 . " The Sochi hashtag is a reference to next February 's Winter Olympics in Russia , where the 28-year-old hopes to defend her downhill gold from Vancouver 2010 . She has now won 17 Crystal Globes -- handed out for the overall title and each of the six disciplines competed for each season . It puts her two short of male skiing legend Ingemar Stenmark , who holds the record of 19 . Vonn was airlifted to hospital on the opening day of February 's world championships at Schladming , Austria , where she suffered a torn ACL and MCL in her right knee and a lateral tibial plateau fracture after crashing in the super G race . After losing out to Maria Hofl-Riesch by just three points in agonizing circumstances following the cancellation of her race in 2011 , Vonn was understandably thrilled with her latest success . It had looked unlikely with overall World Cup champion Maze expected to overturn the one-point deficit , but fog at the bottom section of the racecourse forced a cancellation . Going into the final event , Vonn led the standings with 340 points despite missing the preceding races at Meribel and Garmisch , with Maze right behind her . Hofl-Riesch ended up third and Vonn 's U.S. teammate Stacy Cook was fourth . Maze took to Twitter to congratulate Vonn , writing : "  I guess the DH globe belongs to someone else , Congratulation Lindsey ! What goes around comes around ! " Vonn overtook Annemarie Moser-Proll , who won five consecutive downhill titles between 1971-75 on her way to seven globes in the discipline . Vonn also eclipsed the Austrian 's 16 globes . In the men 's World Cup , Aksel Lund Svindal was declared downhill champion after Wednesday 's event was called off . The Norwegian , who has now won nine globes during his career , boasted a 58-point advantage over defending champion Klaus Kroll of Austria going into Finals week . Svindal 's victory makes him just the seventh man in the sport 's history to win the downhill and super-G titles in the same season .	Lindsey Vonn wins sixth successive downhill title after final race canceled Vonn has been out of action since beginning of February with serious knee injury U.S. star now has 17 Crystal Globes , just two behind Ingemar Stenmark Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal wins men 's downhill event
London  CNN  -- UBS to pay $ 1.5 billion over Libor manipulation , HSBC paid $ 1.92 billion for failing to stop money laundering , Standard Chartered paid $ 667 million , ING , $ 619 million , Credit Suisse , $ 536 million , ABN AMRO $ 500 million and the list goes on and on . While the number of fines imposed on banks has remained constant over the past 10 years , the value of fines has grown considerably faster than inflation . One has to ask , therefore : Is this the new norm ? Are U.S. regulators using financial penalties as a method of indirect regulations ? And will it actually work ? American regulators have unique views about how to run a banking industry , views that often differ from their global counterparts . The latter , by and large , have a hands-off approach to an industry that is globally focused . The U.S. has tried , on countless instances , to influence global regulations . But it has been to no avail . The financial services market outside the U.S. is bigger than the domestic market . So , if Europe or Asia decides on its own path , the U.S. has very little power to stop it . It 's therefore not unreasonable that the U.S. regulators impose different oversight on foreign banks than domestic equivalents . This is likely the reason we 've seen fines of considerably higher value imposed on non-U.S. banks for similar infractions . Read more : Eurozone still has mountain to climb Sure , some U.S. banks have seen fines in the hundreds of millions : Bank of America , JP Morgan , Wells Fargo come to mind . But the vast majority of U.S.-based fines are small . You would be forgiven for thinking this is discrimination . It 's really indirect regulation . If a U.S. bank breaks rules , it is relatively easy for U.S. regulators to march into their offices , take all the material they need for an investigation and then dictate policy for the bank . In the case of a foreign operation , they ca n't do that . The U.S. authorities have no rights to material held in foreign offices . Further , once funds leave the U.S. , they are often irretrievable without political help . This is the reason why global financial services regulations are necessary and inevitable , although decades away . By fining at the billion dollar level , banks wishing to operate within the U.S. will be encouraged to be far more carefully than domestic operations . This is exactly what the U.S. regulators want . Banks find it difficult to operate in the U.S. because they often have to adhere to rules that are diametrically opposed to rules in their home countries . Money laundering is a great example . The U.S. basically asks banks to assume Iranians and Iranian organizations are guilty until proven innocent , while the rest of the world wants banks to assume Iranians are innocent until proven guilty . This means global banks have to operate an infrastructure for U.S. rules and a second infrastructure for the rules of other regulators . The costs are high and the risks are many -- and banks simply do n't want to do it . In the end , it 's not going to work . The U.S. can fine HSBC or UBS all they want , these two banks are incredibly strong and can easily afford it . But what about troubled banks , or ones like government-owned RBS ? If they were to levy the same fines for these banks they could put them out of business . If a bank of RBS 's size went under , it could cause economic instability in its home country . The government would have to get involved . And fining them a lesser amount for the same infraction would not go down well with HSBC or UBS who would most certainly send a thousand lawyers to Washington to ask why they were discriminated against . After all , you get a $ 100 fine for going 20 miles over the speed limit if driving a Ferrari or a Ford . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ralph Silva .	Number of fines imposed on banks has remained constant for a decade , but fines ' value has grown faster than inflation Silva asks : Are U.S. regulators using financial penalties as a method of indirect regulations ? And will it work ? American regulators have unique views on how to run banking and have tried to influence global regulations U.S. wants banks to assume Iranians are guilty until proven innocent , rest of the world wants the opposite , Silva writes
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- For most people life can be boiled down to a few major decisions and a list of truly memorable events . Eric Bana and Rachel McAdams hope love conquers all in "  The Time Traveler 's Wife . " Typically , these are first words , first steps , graduations , births , weddings and -- of course -- marriage proposals . More than a few of these milestone moments take place in the new romantic drama "  The Time Traveler 's Wife . " Of all of them , perhaps the most memorable is a scene in which Henry DeTamble  Eric Bana  asks Clare Abshire  Rachel McAdams  to be his wife . It 's a complicated request because Henry , a kind man , also has the uncanny and often unfortunate ability to be transported suddenly and unexpectedly from one time period to another , leaving Clare on her own . It 's a peculiar set of circumstances that would give most women understandable hesitation when contemplating a marriage partner . But Clare is a woman in love , an emotion that tends to trump all others . Watch how Bana and McAdams found humor in the scene " Bana and McAdams sit down with CNN to discuss this scene , its comedic elements and what it means to both their characters .	Rachel McAdams and Eric Bana star in "  The Time Traveler 's Wife " In a key scene , Bana asks McAdams to get married The performers says they tried to put a little humor in situation
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- On the front lines of Libya 's war , rebel fighters say they are finding more than weapons on captured or killed soldiers loyal to ruler Moammar Gadhafi . Rebels say they have confiscated cell phones that contain video showing Gadhafi loyalists raping women and torturing people . CNN has obtained a copy of a video shot on a cell phone that appears to show a woman being sexually abused . The person who gave the video to CNN says it was on a cell phone that was confiscated from a Gadhafi loyalist . It shows two men in civilian clothes standing over a naked woman who is bent over with her face on the floor . The man standing behind her is sodomizing her with what appears to be a broomstick . "  I ca n't bear it ! I ca n't bear it ! " the woman cries . "  Let 's push it farther , " a male voice says off-camera . "  No , no , that 's enough ! " the woman begs . Eventually , one of the men puts his sock-covered foot on her face . In Arab culture , that is considered a major insult . But in this case , it pales in comparison to what the victim is already enduring . Arabic speakers who listened to the video at CNN 's request say the voices have Tripoli accents . There is no date on the video and the men in it are not wearing military uniforms . CNN has been unable to verify the video 's authenticity , when it was shot , or by whom . The person who gave it to CNN asked not to be identified for fear of being punished by Libya 's conservative society . The Gadhafi government did not respond to CNN requests for comment on the allegations of abuse . But officials have said in response to similar accusations in the past that the government has not been able to verify the claims and would "  welcome " a fact-finding mission . An opposition spokesman says the video illustrates a pattern of abuse . "  We were able to confirm that rape was used as a weapon of war , because it was systematic , " rebel spokesman Abdullah al-Kabeir said . The rebels have many videos showing other types of torture , and a few depict rape , he said . He did not know exactly how many videos there were showing abuse . One of the most famous faces of Libya 's revolution , Eman al-Obeidy , dramatically claimed in March she had been gang-raped by pro-Gadhafi forces . She has since fled the country . A Libyan psychologist who has conducted an investigation of her own says al-Obeidy 's case is not unique . Siham Sergewa says she has evidence of hundreds of cases of rape by pro-Gadhafi troops . She began her investigation after receiving phone calls from women who said they had been sexually assaulted . Her survey of 50,000 people in refugee camps turned up 259 people who said they had been raped , she said last month . "  They tie up my husband , they rape me in front of my husband and then they kill my husband , " Sergewa said one woman told her . "  I 'm a psychologist and I 've seen lots of things , really . But sometimes after I leave some of these families I just sit in my car and cry because it 's really so painful , " she said . She has compiled a number of distressing images that she says demonstrate the abuse of alleged victims . One appears to show a cigarette burn on a woman 's breast , another a faded bite mark , while several others show the deep purple hue of nasty bruises . Sergewa shared her research , complete with pictures and recordings , with the International Criminal Court at The Hague , Netherlands , where prosecutors are investigating accusations that the Gadhafi regime has used rape as a tool of war . "  The victims are starting to come out , " the court 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno-Ocampo , told CNN Thursday . "  But in our court the crimes are massive and the crimes we are charging Gadhafi with are crimes against humanity , meaning a widespread and systematic attack -- in this case through rapes -- so we do n't need to prove one case ; we need to prove massive numbers of cases . "  In this case , the evidence can be different . It could be soldiers who were given instructions on how to do it . The evidence could be doctors or psychologists who have spoken to the victims . That 's the kind of evidence we are collecting . " The court is still in the evidence-collecting stage , he said . For the video to be part of that evidence , its authenticity would have to be certified , he said . "  These are interesting pieces , but it is n't the only way to put forward the case . For instance , we have some information of people saying that Gadhafi himself was giving instructions . So if we can confirm this evidence , that will be enough to present this type of case as a crime against humanity -- as a widespread campaign of rapes . " Moreno-Ocampo said he was hoping the judge would soon issue an arrest warrant for Gadhafi . "  And then the challenge will be to arrest him , because arresting him will be the end to these crimes , " he said . Rebel spokesman al-Kabeir , however , said some of the evidence of war crimes that prosecutors want to present in court has been destroyed by a rebel leader . "  There was a commander here at the eastern front in Misrata named Mohamed al-Halboos ; he ordered all the  rebel  fighters to give him all the rape videos they find on Gadhafi soldiers ' cell phones . I heard that he used to destroy every rape video he got , " al-Kabeir said . Asked why potential evidence of war crimes being carried out by pro-Gadhafi forces would be destroyed by rebel forces , he cited the heavy stigma that Libyan culture attaches to the victims of such crimes . "  Aside from being a heinous crime , rape is perceived here in our culture as damaging not only for the girl , but also the whole family , " he said . In fact , he added , rape is such a taboo here that some victims ' families would rather erase potential evidence than risk living with the shame . In Washington , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States was "  deeply concerned " over the reports of wide-scale rape in Libya . "  A thorough investigation of this matter is needed to bring perpetrators to justice , " she said in a statement . "  Gadhafi 's security forces and other groups in the region are trying to divide the people by using violence against women and rape as tools of war , and the United States condemns this in the strongest possible terms . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this story .	CNN sees a video showing a woman being abused by two men CNN can not confirm when or where the video was shot Rebels and experts claim pro-Gadhafi forces are raping and torturing The stigma of the brutality has reportedly led a rebel commander to erase evidence
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Somalia 's parliament voted by an overwhelming majority to approve Abdi Farah Shirdon as the country 's new prime minister Wednesday . Shirdon , who was the president 's nominee , received 215 out of 275 votes . His appointment comes as the nation works to set up an effective central government following two decades of civil war . Shirdon , an economist who ran an import business in neighboring Kenya , was nominated by President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud this month . Shirdon will now form a Cabinet -- the first of its kind in Somalia in more than 20 years . Speaking to parliamentarians at the session , Shirdon said his government will do more to ensure the security of the country and to fight against terrorism and piracy . His appointment is the latest in a series of political transitions . In recent months , Somalia has also adopted a provisional constitution , selected members of parliament and appointed that body 's speaker . Read more : Somali lawmakers pick president in landmark vote The new leaders face the daunting task of propping up Somalia 's first effective central government since 1991 . Somalia plunged into chaos after dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 21 years ago . Following his ouster , clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and mayhem nationwide . The nation since then has mostly been under a shaky transitional federal government . Read more : Member of Somali 's new parliament gunned down Even though insurgents have fled the capital and guns have fallen silent , portions of the nation remain lawless . African Union and Somali troops are battling militants from Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group that controls part of the nation 's south . The troops have driven the militants out of various areas , including the lucrative port city of Kismayo and the capital , Mogadishu . Life is slowly returning to normal as coalition forces exert control in more regions . In remarks at the United Nations Tuesday , the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Somalia , Augustine Mahiga , hailed the progress made . "  The fall of Kismayo , the last stronghold of the extremist Al-Shabaab insurgents in late September , marked a decisive turning point in the conflict , " he said . Mahiga said the next challenge will be to maintain security and stability in Kismayo and other areas newly liberated from Al-Shabaab . He called for more international support for AMISOM , the African Union 's peacekeeping mission in Somalia , in its efforts to keep Somalia 's coastal waters secure . This is necessary for commercial reasons , to interrupt Al-Shabaab 's supply lines and to deter piracy , he said . Journalist Omaar Nur and CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Abdi Farah Shirdon receives 215 out of 275 votes from parliament His appointment follows that of a new president last month Somalia is setting up an effective central government following decades of civil war Shirdon says his government will do more to ensure security and to combat terrorism
London  CNN  -- Following a year in which "  people power " was the rallying cry from the Arab Spring to the Occupy movement , the annual World Economic Forum might seem an elitist anomaly . Never mind the 1 % , this is the 0.00004 % : around 2,600 of the world 's top political and business leaders , coming together to address the big issues -- most pressingly , the eurozone debt crisis -- in the luxurious surrounds of a Swiss ski resort . Among those gathering in Europe 's highest-altitude town from January 25 to 29 will be royalty from Saudi Arabia , Norway , Belgium and the Netherlands , billionaires like philanthropist George Soros , senior executives from Facebook , Google and other tech giants , and the leaders of countries including Germany , South Africa , Mexico , and the world 's youngest nation , South Sudan . While admission is free for heads of state , civil society or faith leaders and international organizations , among others , those paying will face a $ 20,000 price tag for admission , plus other costs which can easily push the bill to $ 40,000 . But the true barrier to entry is having the power and influence to secure a "  white badge " of invitation , the only means of admission to this most exclusive of clubs . As undemocratic as the event may seem , the forum 's architects say that the current global atmosphere of unrest will give discussions an even greater significance . This year 's theme is "  The great transformation : shaping new models . " Klaus Schwab , the German economist who founded the World Economic Forum  WEF  in 1971 , says new decision-making models are needed to account for changed global realities . The WEF has cautioned that the backlash against rising inequality , seen in the discontent behind the Occupy movement and the Arab Spring , risks derailing globalization and constitutes a threat to economies worldwide . Amidst the turmoil of the current economic environment , emphasis needs to be placed on finding new models for assessing the quality of economic growth -- ensuring it is both sustainable and inclusive . Given rising youth unemployment -- in Spain , Europe 's worst affected country , joblessness among young people stands at about 45 % -- a new model for job creation is also needed . "  For the first time in generations , many people no longer believe that their children will grow up to enjoy a higher standard of living than theirs , " said Lee Howell , the WEF managing director behind the Forum 's Global Risks 2012 report . The key to avoiding catastrophe , Schwab argues in a discussion paper , is "  to provide young people with the capability to create their own jobs : to move from the pure concept of unemployment to the concept of micro-entrepreneurship . " Those who dismiss the forum as an ineffectual talk-fest for the wealthy and privileged may point to the thematic similarities with previous years ' forums as evidence that the event does little to actually implement change towards its stated ends . It 's certainly true that the problems that have given a more austere tone to proceedings in recent years have only endured , or worsened , since the world 's elite last visited Davos . At least this year 's discussions will not want for a sense of urgency . Delegates will meet against the backdrop of the eurozone debt crisis , with European nations bickering over the fiscal compact they hope will be their salvation . But ahead of the EU summit which immediately follows Davos on January 30 , the situation remains bleak . France and Austria recently lost their prized AAA credit ratings in a downgrade by Standard & Poor 's which affected seven other eurozone nations . Budget deficit numbers for Greece , the country which triggered the current crisis , are getting worse , while crucial talks between the country 's government and its creditors on debt haircuts have struck difficulties . The world 's largest economy suffered the same indignity as France when , in an unprecedented move , the U.S.was stripped of AAA status in August . This followed of months of uncertainty stemming from the political paralysis over raising the $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling , the resolution of which meant the country narrowly avoided a potentially calamitous default . And , a year on from its outbreak , the failure of the Arab Spring to deliver dividends has some questioning whether it really constitutes a new dawn . In Egypt , unemployment is at a decade-long high , tourism is down by a quarter , the Cairo Stock Exchange was 2011 's worst performer and the once celebrated military has been recast as a villain . The success of Islamist parties on the new political landscape of the Middle East has disappointed some secularists and liberals , and raised concerns about the social changes that could ensue . For those in attendance , Davos will provide an opportunity not just to air opinions , but perhaps also to build a consensus on how to approach these new realities . The real action will be conducted behind the scenes , at exclusive cocktail parties and black-tie events in the town 's most expensive hotels . Eventually though , from the muted hum of discussions , a better sense of the global agenda for the year ahead will emerge , even for those of us without white badges .	The world 's elite will converge on Davos with the eurozone crisis at the forefront of discussions The theme of this year 's event is "  The great transformation : shaping new models " Forum organizers say the backlash against rising inequality is jeopardizing globalization Critics say the event does little to actually implement change towards its stated ends
London , England  CNN  Along the dangerous northeastern border between Kenya and Somalia , a wave of terror has people in fear for their lives . The ongoing threat from the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab means that remote villages and citizens suffer indiscriminate attacks . In the ongoing conflict , women and children remain faceless victims of beatings , rape and unwarranted assaults . But one courageous woman has dedicated herself to protecting these countless victims . Amran Abdundi runs the Frontier Indigenous Network , a group that provides sanctuary , first aid services and valuable health information to numerous displaced women in the region . Last night , Abdundi 's inspiring work was recognized at the esteemed Index Freedom of Expression awards in London -- the Kenyan women 's rights activist was the winner in the campaign category . CNN 's African Voices sat down with the soft spoken and unassuming awards winner , who celebrated her 34th birthday the same day as her win , to discuss her ongoing mission , fighting on in the face of death threats and empowering young girls through education . CNN : What does this honor mean to you ? Amran Abdundi : I feel good about winning the award -- I will celebrate with the team when I go back home . But I will continue to do more and more . I hope to show my people how ... to fight for their rights . I want to give -LSB- them -RSB- the message to look -LSB- out -RSB- for their futures . CNN : How did you get involved in women 's rights along the Kenyan-Somali border ? AA : I started working with Frontier Indigenous Network in 2006 -- -LSB- back then -RSB- we were just two staff and 10 volunteers and -LSB- now -RSB- there are four staff with 20 volunteers . When I first began , I was just doing it in our village and now I move around all over the place up to the Somali border . On the border , there are many issues women are facing ; small girls are raped or beaten , rival clans fight , maybe because of land or because of outsiders . But everyday people are dying . Also there is Al-Shabaab . They come to the border and physically stop people from crossing over into Kenya . You never know who is Al-Shabaab , they look like me and you . But they stop people from crossing the border by beating them . When -LSB- refugees -RSB- are coming , if they want to cross into Kenya , they have big , big problems . Journalism Safa al Ahmad , Rafael Marques de Morais  Saudi Arabia , Angola Arts Mouad Belghouat aka El Haqed  Morocco Digital activism Freedom of information website Atlatszo.hu , managed by Tamas Bodoky  Hungary Campaigning Amran Abdundi  Kenya CNN : Through your organization , you 've set up shelters along the border and provide relief and medical assistance to refugees . AA : Yes , when we see them or hear they are suffering there , I go in and find them . We take them to Dadaab -LSB- the largest refugee camp in the region -RSB- . If I take them to the refugee camp , they will get the assistance there . For the ones who have been beaten or raped , I organize for medical assistance . CNN : And how many women are crossing the border ? AA : There are just so many . In Somalia , they do n't have things there , they do n't have good security , they are just running because of bad security in their country -- mothers with their children , others are young . CNN : You 've also helped establish a local radio-listening project where women share their experiences and treatment options . Why did you decide to start this ? AA : It 's about how women are suffering in this place . I used to go to villages looking for them -- seeing what problems they are facing and maybe they do n't have the power to talk . I go there and talk to them , then I take them to the radio station . I share how they have suffered . CNN : The region is quite unstable . Is it not dangerous doing this kind of work ? AA : It 's very , very dangerous . There is this place called Mandera , it 's just near the border inside Kenya . That place , every time , people are fighting . People are just coming from Somalia to Mandera . There is fighting and you might just be walking and they will shoot you . But I never faced any problems . CNN : Are you not fearful for your life ? AA : I worry but what can I do ? I have to save my people . I have to look for those who are suffering . CNN : What is the reaction from men about your work ? AA : When I started it was so difficult for me because in our place men are not the same as women . Men are the ones that talk . So when I started this , for example forced marriages , the small girls when they are 13 or 15 they just get married . They do not go to school . They face circumcision . But they have no voice . You 'll see a 15-year-old getting married and in 20 years she 'll come back with children and without anything . We go there and we advise them to go to school , advise their parents against forced marriage , tell them to take the children to school , stop circumcision . CNN : Last year your organization identified small arms and light weapons were fueling local violence and spent much of its resources mapping conflict zones . You succeeded in creating a regional agreement to stem the illegal arms trade and halt smugglers . How did that work ? AA : Yes , I would hear there are some gunmen or they want to do something around the villages , or maybe they want to attack the villages and destroy it or take livestock . We report it to the police and then sometimes I go with policemen , never alone . For now , we do n't have that problem with guns anymore -- they 've stopped . Read this : Veiled musician raps for respect in Egypt More from African Voices	Amran Abdundi wins the campaigning category at 2015 Index Freedom of Expression awards Honored for her work helping victims of rape and conflict along Kenya-Somalia border
CNN  -- Air travel security is being increased as authorities continue to question how a man got explosives on a U.S.-bound passenger jet , according to federal officials , including the president and his homeland security chief . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday that officials would review how anti-terrorist watch lists are maintained . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who is accused of trying to blow up a flight carrying 300 passengers , was on a general list that contained 550,000 other names , but he was still allowed to travel to the United States . A senior administration official said the suspect was not on a no-fly list because "  the info on him was not deemed specific enough to pull his visa or put him on a no-fly list . " "  Under the existing protocols , it requires an interagency process and the identification of other negative information that 's credible ... and that process whittles down from 500,000 -LSB- names -RSB- or so that are on the generic list to the fewer than 5,000 that are on the no-fly list , " Napolitano said . "  We are going to be looking at that process and how those lists are created , maintained , updated , exchanged and the like , because clearly this individual should not have been able to board this plane carrying that material . " AbdulMutallab is accused of trying to blow up a Northwest flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . Officials say he carried an explosive device that contained pentaerythritol tetranitrate , an explosive also known as PETN . Part of the device , which failed to detonate , was sewn into his underwear , a law enforcement official said Monday . President Obama , in his first public comment since the incident , said Monday that screening and security procedures for all flights were immediately enhanced , including an increase in the number of air marshals on international flights . The federal system for tracking potential terrorism suspects will be reviewed because the latest incident showed that it had possible failings , the president said . All screening policies , technologies and procedures for air travel will be reviewed "  to determine just how the suspect was able to bring dangerous explosives aboard an aircraft and what additional steps we can take to thwart future attacks , " Obama said . A Department of Homeland Security official who asked not to be identified said Sunday that the ranks of the air marshals have been increased by cutting vacations and leave , and by pulling in marshals from instructional and administrative posts . On CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday , Napolitano said air marshals are assigned randomly to flights . Current and former marshals contacted by CNN took exception to Napolitano 's claims , saying that although there is an element of randomness to increase unpredictability , the assignments of air marshals are largely based on intelligence and an analysis of which flights are most vulnerable or most attractive to terrorists . Despite a possible tragedy , Napolitano said the response system worked , as passengers and crew avoided panic and subdued the suspect while authorities notified other flights in the air of the situation and kept the air transport system operating . "  Once the incident happened , we were able to immediately notify the 128 flights in the air , as well as airports on the ground domestically , internationally , our law enforcement partners , other allies , institute immediate safe procedures to make sure that this could not happen on other flights and that people were watching out for it on other flights , even as we focused on what went wrong prior to this one , " Napolitano added Monday . The Transportation Security Administration invoked a "  one hour rule " after the thwarted attack , which prohibited passengers on international U.S.-bound flights from leaving their seats during the last hour of a flight , sources said . In addition , passengers had to stow pillows and blankets , and maps viewed on in-flight entertainment screens were disabled during the final hour of flight . The TSA has modified the rule , however , giving airlines and crews discretion over implementation , sources said . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Screening procedures enhanced ; more marshals put aboard NEW : Homeland security chief says terrorist lists to be reviewed Janet Napolitano says air marshals are assigned randomly Current , former marshals take exception to Napolitano 's claims
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A restaurateur has gone to great lengths to tackle the spread of the H1N1 virus in his eatery , including taking staff 's temperatures before they start work and preventing them from touching plates directly . Kitchen staff at Silk and Soya restaurant in Spain wear face masks and gloves while preparing food . Silk and Soya , a Thai-themed restaurant in Madrid , Spain , implemented the measures to prevent the spread of the H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , in the upscale locale . "  We implemented these measures so that our employees would serve only food , not a virus , " restaurant owner Cipri Quintas told CNN . As well as employees having their temperatures taken before starting their shifts , windows are opened to aerate the restaurant before meals . Each table is set at least one meter -- 3.2 feet -- from any other table . Any member of the kitchen staff involved in food preparation must wear a mask and gloves , and waiters are required to hold napkins when carrying plates to avoid touching them directly with their hands . Upon entering the elevators leading to the top-floor restaurant , customers find an automatic disinfectant gel dispenser . At each table , diners find a packet of gel next to their silverware . The restaurant 's restroom doors are propped open , the lights turn on automatically and the faucets are hands-free -- measures intended to keep customers from having to touch surfaces after they 've washed their hands . Similar initiatives are under way around the world . Last spring , during the peak of the scare in Mexico City , restaurants were closed for 12 days . When the restaurants reopened , the government ordered owners to put extra space between the tables and not to allow more than half of seats to be filled at any given time ; cooks and waiters were mandated to wear surgical masks . The World Health Organization 's Web site states that hand-washing is one of the best ways to prevent infection and provides instructions with drawings that can be printed and posted in public places , such as restaurants . Silk and Soya 's Quintas started his anti-H1N1 measures in August and has already proved popular with some customers . Simona Savin , who was having lunch , told CNN , "  These are measures you do n't see everywhere . Here you have everything . They are great because there 's a need for hygiene . " Another diner , swimming coach Fernando Barea , said , "  We came to the restaurant because we heard good things about it and I wanted to see these measures against the H1N1 flu . These measures should be used by other restaurants . " Quintas predicted they soon will be . "  People from other businesses like hotels and theaters have called us asking , ` What have you done ? Can we come see your setup ? ' There 's been a big response , " said Quintas . He insisted that his goal is not solely to garner publicity , but to protect his customers and staff -- a responsibility , he said , that the business community at large should undertake . One expert on the disease applauded the efforts and recommended they be broadened . "  They should implement them every winter against all respiratory diseases , " said Dr. Tom Jefferson , a medical epidemiologist with the Cochrane Collaboration . The international organization reviews health care interventions and "  promotes the search for evidence in the form of clinical trials and other studies of interventions , " according to its Web site . As of September 13 , the WHO had tallied more than 296,000 cases worldwide , 3,486 of them fatal .	Thai-themed restaurant in Madrid implements anti H1N1 flu measures Employees have their temperatures taken , windows are opened , gel provided Restaurant owner says there is "  a big response " from other owners
CNN  -- "  People should be able to breathe -- to not have to worry about being fired because of their sexual orientation or identity . " That seems like a simple enough request , huh Congress ? It 's a personal one , too , since it comes from Andre Cooley , a 28-year-old who says he was fired in 2010 because his supervisors at a corrections facility in Mississippi found out he 's gay . It 's time to ban that discrimination , he told me Monday . "  It 's way , way , way past time . " A large majority of Americans agree with him . In fact , a majority of Americans in every state , even conservative Mississippi , support legislation that would ban workplace discrimination against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . And that makes perfect sense for exactly one reason : To oppose this legislation , which is called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , or ENDA , is to support the idea that LGBT people can be fired for being themselves . It 's a clear matter of right and wrong , fair and unfair . This is n't a Republican or Democrat thing . It 's a human thing . Related : Gay people live in 50 Americas Sure , conservatives will trot out all manner of dated and discriminatory arguments to say the legislation is n't needed or will cause unwanted problems . They 'll say , "  This is less about tolerance and equality and more about oppressing the freedoms of others . " When they do so , they 'll sound to most Americans -- to the 70 % or more of us who support this legislation -- like they 're parodying themselves in a "  Daily Show " segment . Whose freedoms , exactly , are being oppressed if a person ca n't be fired for being gay ? And on what planet is freedom increased if someone can be fired , legally , just because of their sexual orientation or gender identity ? We have laws to protect people of different races , religions and disabilities from being fired because of who they are . But no federal legislation for LGBT people . A minority of states have passed laws of their own , but why should it be legal for a lesbian in Utah to receive no workplace protection when , across a state border , she would have it in Colorado ? This is an issue the American people have decided on . They know it 's good for business , as Apple 's CEO argued in The Wall Street Journal . "  We 've found that when people feel valued for who they are , they have the comfort and confidence to do the best work of their lives , " Tim Cook wrote . And they know it undermines who we are as Americans , as President Barack Obama said this week . "  It 's offensive . It 's wrong . And it needs to stop , " the president wrote in an op-ed in The Huffington Post , "  because in the United States of America , who you are and who you love should never be a fireable offense . " Related : The county where no one 's gay Seems pretty clear-cut , right ? Well , Congress is still having some trouble . Sixty-one senators , including seven Republicans , voted Monday night to bring the bill to the Senate floor for debate . There , it has a good chance of passing . But none of that will matter , really , if the nondiscrimination bill ca n't get past the House of Representatives . Also on Monday , House Speaker John Boehner reaffirmed his opposition to ENDA . "  The Speaker believes this legislation will increase frivolous litigation and cost American jobs , especially small business jobs , " Boehner 's spokesman said , according to The Huffington Post . Nevermind that that argument was undermined by a June Government Accountability Office report that found that not to be true in states that already have nondiscrimination laws . What 's scary is that Boehner 's opposition to this civil rights legislation could keep it from a vote in the House . Let 's hope logic and compassion change his mind . I know that sounds naive , but stranger things have happened . Cooley , for example , the corrections officer in Mississippi , sued and got his job back . He was able to do so because he works for a public employer . Had he worked for a private company , he might not have been so lucky , attorneys and experts who specialize in LGBT employment law told me in March when I first reported on Cooley and his saga . Related : Young and out in Mississippi He 's back at the job he loves . And he 's able to be open with his co-workers about who he is now . Maybe that sounds like a small thing . But think of what it 's like to live in fear that someone at work will find out your secret and then you 'll be out of a job . This is what it 's like for gay people in so many states It was the case for Cooley . Now that Cooley is openly gay at work , and has legal protection because of his court case , he 's able to be himself . "  Everything at work is great , " he told me . It should be that way for others , too . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : Congress should pass Employment Non-Discrimination Act ENDA would protect LGBT people from being fired because of who they are A majority of Americans in every state support this concept , surveys show Sutter says it 's a matter of fairness and justice , not politics
Air pollution in China has gotten so bad lately that one environmentalist 's wacky idea for a solution does n't seem all that far-fetched : putting clean air in a can . Last week , when a thick gray haze blanketed Beijing and several other Chinese cities , sending kids to the hospital , grounding planes and causing the government to order cars off the road , Chen Guangbiao took to the streets in Beijing to hand out yellow and green cans of smog-free , non-carcinogenic air . "  Free fresh air . Open it and drink it and breathe it ! " the Guardian quoted the multimillionaire and national celeb as saying . "  It keeps you fresh the whole day ! " Ego aside  the bright cans feature an image of Chen 's face and the words "  Chen Guangbiao is a good man " on them  , the clever political stunt is just the sort of thing that China needs these days . Such creative and public protests should help push forward much-needed national reforms to combat air pollution in the country . A "  Clean Air Act " for China is long overdue . And the recent "  air-pocalypse , " as the suffocating air pollution that hung over several Chinese cities in January has been termed , should be more than enough proof of that . The pollution during the 2013 Great Smog of China was so thick last month that it was visible from space  from space !  . Breathing in Beijing was "  akin to living in a smoking lounge , " according to an analysis from Bloomberg . Air quality readings literally were off the charts . An index reading below about 50 is considered healthy . Readings for Beijing in January hit 500 , the top of the index , and went higher than 700 , according to the U.S. Embassy . "  The air has this kind of greenish-gray pallor to it . And it smells like you 're standing next to a chemical plant , really chlorine-y , " said David Pettit , a senior attorney at the Natural Resources Defense Council , an environmental group . "  It 's an awesomely bad smell . " He was telling me about Beijing air on a normal day . "  I 'm standing outside my office building but am unable to see its top , " one Beijing resident said , according to China 's state news agency , Xinhua . "  The new normal in Beijing is sending your kids to school wearing gas masks , " Christina Larson wrote in Bloomberg Businessweek . Fixing China 's air pollution is not just about the country 's image or economy , although those certainly suffer because of smog , too . It 's about the right of all humans to walk outside and breathe in air that wo n't choke them or make them sick . The AFP reports hospital visits for respiratory problems were up 20 % during the air-pocalypse . Last year , small particle air pollution , called PM2 .5 , in four major Chinese cities resulted in 8,572 premature deaths , according to a December study by Greenpeace East Asia and Peking University 's School of Public Health . Similar deaths can and should be prevented . And I 'm optimistic they will be . For several reasons . The first is history . It was n't all that long ago , in 1952 , that the "  Great Smog " covered London in gray , sooty pollution , resulting in an estimated 4,000 premature deaths . The government reacted by passing sweeping reforms . Now London is known for its real fog , not smog . Air pollution in Los Angeles was handled in a similar fashion . After the city 's car culture created a smog problem , scientists started researching protective helmets to protect people . Others wore gas masks . But , eventually the government took action to reduce the pollution . California led the way for the nation , and in 1963 , the United States passed the Clean Air Act . That law is credited with preventing 205,000 premature deaths , 843,000 asthma attacks and 18 million child respiratory illnesses in 1990 , based on the first 20 years of the law . These changes took time . And it 's unfortunate that things had to get bad before they could get better . But China , like others , is finally realizing that its air really is that bad . Its own people are calling for the change and more vigorously than before . More than 200 students at a Beijing high school school signed a petition asking the city to "  amend air quality regulations and take specific emergency measures , " according to Calum MacLeod from USA Today . And on Weibo , China 's version of Twitter , Pan Shiyi , a real estate magnate , called for the country to adopt its own Clean Air Act . When he posed the idea to his 14 million Weibo followers in an online poll , nearly all of the 50,000-some people who responded said they supported that type of national legislation . Maybe that 's just one man 's social media feed . But there 's a history of this kind of thing working in China . In 2011 , Pan successfully used his online network to press Beijing authorities to report more smog data , according to the Wall Street Journal 's China blog . It 's clear the government has taken notice this time as well . Beijing implemented several emergency measures to curb smog . State media is talking about the pollution . After speaking with a few experts , it seems clear what needs to be done : China has to reduce its reliance on coal , increase renewable energy , regulate the amount of smog-causing sulfur that can go into its diesel fuel and increase vehicle efficiency . "  It 's not rocket science , " said the Natural Resources Defense Council 's Pettit . There will , of course , be costs and significant challenges . China burns "  nearly as much coal as the rest of the world combined , " according to a recent report from the U.S. Energy Information Administration . Beijing catches so much of the pollution from coal-burning power plants because it sits at the center of a ring of mountains , which help trap the smog . Throw a bunch more cars into the mix , 13 million of them were sold in China last year , according to IHS Automotive and the problems start compounding . Fixes may be expensive , but the United States has made the compelling case that the costs of enforcing clean air regulations are offset by gains in health and worker productivity . China , which does have some air quality regulations , already seems to be realizing this . The country on Wednesday announced stricter fuel standards that go into effect by the end of 2014 for diesel and 2017 for gas , according to the Financial Times . An environmental official , Wu Xiaoqing , also told state media this week that "  China will formulate regulations , standards and policies to reduce air pollutants and control coal burning . " The energy industry estimates it will costs billions for China to meet tougher fuel standards . It may be up to people like artist Ai Weiwei , who posed in a photo wearing a gas mask , and Chen , the man who 's peddling cans of clean air , to ensure that the public and the government see that clean air is worth the cost . "  I want to tell mayors , county chiefs and heads of big companies : Do n't just chase GDP growth , do n't chase the biggest profits at the expense of our children and grandchildren , and at the cost of sacrificing our ecological environment , " Chen told Reuters . If Chinese leaders do n't want to drink air from a can , they should listen .	This year has been one of the worst for air quality in China Residents have termed the smog event the "  air-pocalypse " John Sutter says the country should pass a Clean Air Act It 's a matter of human rights and public health , not image
Sen. Rand Paul is trying to shed the perception that he 's an isolationist and that he thinks the United States should retreat from intervention in other countries ' affairs . But members of his own party are making it hard for the Kentucky Republican to escape that image . Sen. John McCain , one of the most hawkish members of the Senate , told Fox News host Neil Cavuto on Tuesday night that Paul has "  a fundamental lack of understanding of the situation and the threats we face " from ISIS . Referring to Paul 's evolving position on ISIS , McCain said the libertarian-leaning senator "  has obviously been doing somersaults " since the Sunni militant group gruesomely killed two American journalists and a British aid worker . Paul , who is seriously considering a presidential run in 2016 , responded to his critics in an interview released Wednesday in The Federalist , telling the conservative Web magazine how "  frustrating " these labels are for him . "  I spent the past five years in public life telling everyone that ` hey , I 'm not an isolationist ' ... and when they find out I 'm not , they say I 've switched positions , because I 'm not the position they were saying I was . You know what I mean ? So for five years they 've been accusing me of being something that I say I 'm not . " But McCain apparently does n't buy this explanation . He said Paul has "  dramatically shifted his positions on national security . He said we should n't intervene , no matter what , anywhere . And now obviously he wants to take out ISIS . " "  I think it 's kind of a desperation kind of trying to find some footing here as he slides down a very steep slope of credibility . " Former Vice President Dick Cheney has also been critical of Paul 's foreign policy stance . On ABC 's "  This Week " in June , Cheney described him as "  basically an isolationist . That did n't work in the 1930s ; it sure as heck wo n't work in the aftermath of 9/11 . " Facing such vocal opposition in the Republican Party , Paul continues to battle the image of an isolationist with shifting views . Paul told CBS "  This Morning " earlier this week that his perception of ISIS has evolved as world events changed , adding that the killings of Steven Sotloff , James Foley and David Haines "  influenced " his position . Paul has said he does n't back arming Syrian rebels , a position McCain has supported since Syria 's civil war broke out three years ago . But Paul has been noncommittal on what the United States should do except that the Congress should determine the path forward . In The Federalist interview , Paul did n't deny that he 's skeptical of U.S. intervention . "  We have to be very wary of intervention and that there are often unintended consequences , " he said . "  At the same time , I 've also said all along that I 'm not for no interventions . " McCain , however , remains skeptical . When Cavuto asked him if Paul would be a good commander in chief , he replied , "  Not on national security . No . " War against ISIS : What does Rand Paul 's ` yes ' mean ?	Sen. John McCain insists Sen. Rand Paul is an isolationist McCain : Paul has been "  doing somersaults " after ISIS beheadings of Westerners Dick Cheney also has been critical of Paul on foreign policy Paul , a possible 2016 GOP presidential candidate , denies switching foreign policy views
CNN  -- World number two Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in a grueling four hour 16 minute encounter to secure Serbia 's passage into the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup on Sunday . Serbia led the United States 2-1 overnight in Belgrade with Djokovic favored to beat the giant Isner to clinch the tie , but he was given an almighty scare before winning 7-5 3-6 6-3 6-7 6-4 . They will now play Croatia at home on July 9-11 in the quarterfinals of the premier team event in tennis after their first-ever victory in the World Group . Djjokovic , urged on by a partisan home crowd , looked headed for a routine win as he took the opening set , but he was broken twice in the second as Isner leveled . Djokovic returned the compliment in the third set to lead two sets to one , but he could not force home the advantage and he lost a fourth set tiebreak 8-6 as Isner set up a decider . A single break in the first game gave Djokovic a crucial advantage , but his American opponent proceeded to save six match points before finally netting a forehand , the home hero sinking to his knees after an exhausting ordeal . The defeat means Patrick McEnroe 's U.S. team face a relegation playoff later this year to maintain their record of playing in the World Group every year . In other ties , defending champions Spain shrugged off the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal to beat Switzerland 4-1 to set-up a quarterfinal clash with France . Russia edged out India 3-2 and will face Argentina who defeated Sweden 3-2 in Stockholm . Returning from injury David Nalbandian was Argentina 's match winner in Stockholm as he beat Andreas Vinciguerra 7-5 6-3 4-6 6-4 in the deciding rubber after Swedish number one Robin Soderling had drawn them level with a straight sets win over Leonardo Mayer . 2005 champions Croatia , last year 's runners-up Czech Republic and France sealed their quarterfinal places on Saturday against Ecuador , Belgium and Germany respectively . France 's home clash with Spain is already whetting the appetite of tennis fans . "  It 'll be like a final , it 's the kind of thing you dream about , " France captain Guy Forget told the official Davis Cup Web site www.daviscup.com .	Novak Djokovic beats John Isner in five-set marathon as Serbia beat USA in Davis Cup tie Serbia reach quarterfinals of the World Group for the first time Defending champions Spain will play France in pick of the last eight ties
New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Friday asked Congress to provide $ 60.4 billion for states affected by Superstorm Sandy . Obama 's request , made in a letter , falls short of the total damage estimate in affected states . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said last week the latest estimates of storm costs in his state were $ 36.8 billion , while New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters the total cost in his state was $ 41 billion . In a joint statement Friday , Christie and Cuomo said they have been working with Obama , administration officials and congressional delegates on relief . "  Today 's agreement on the administration 's request to Congress would authorize more than $ 60 billion in funding that will enable our states to recover , repair , and rebuild better and stronger than before , " they said . The money will go toward recovery , as well as preparing their states for future natural disasters , the governors said . Four Democratic senators , Frank R. Lautenberg and Robert Menendez of New Jersey , and Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , said the funding would be a start . "  There is a great deal of flexibility that better allows us to help homeowners , small businesses , hospitals , beach communities and localities rebuild , repair and protect themselves , " they said in a statement . The four expressed concern , though , for what they were sure would be future requests for additional funds as their "  states ' needs become more clear . " "  This is going to be a tough fight in the Congress given the fiscal cliff , and some members have not been friendly to disaster relief , " their statement read . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , acknowledged the deficiency in the request , but emphasized the need for quick action by Congress . "  While the total funding request released by the White House today is not everything requested , we have always been realistic about the fiscal constraints facing the federal government , " Bloomberg said . "  We need a full recovery package to be voted on in this session of Congress . Any delay will impede our recovery . " Rep. Frank A. LoBiondo , R-N.J. , said Obama 's request was not enough . "  I disagree with President Obama 's decision to not fully request the funding the states of New Jersey , New York and Connecticut say they need to recover and rebuild from the unimaginable , widespread damage caused by Hurricane Sandy , " LoBiondo said .	Administration seeks $ 60.4 billion for Sandy relief Leaders in New York , New Jersey welcome effort They say it 's a start
CNN  -- A Utah judge Tuesday sentenced polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life for his conviction on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , a court spokeswoman said . Warren Jeffs listens to closing defense arguments during his trial in St. George , Utah , in September . The consecutive sentences mean Jeffs will serve at least 10 years . The exact amount of time he serves will be determined by the Utah Board of Pardons and Parole in the future . Jeffs , 51 , the "  prophet " of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , or FLDS , was convicted in September . He was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marriage to her 19-year-old cousin . Fifth District Judge James Shumate ordered that Jeffs be remanded immediately to the Utah State Prison near Salt Lake City , and fined him about $ 38,000 . Watch the judge sentence Jeffs " Jeffs will receive credit for time served , Shumate said . The girl , Elissa Wall , now 21 , testified that she repeatedly told Jeffs at the time that she did not want to be married and was uncomfortable with sexual advances from her husband , Allen Steed . Jeffs advised her to pray and to submit to her husband , learn to love him and bear his children -- or risk losing her "  eternal salvation , " the woman testified . Wall 's attorneys made her name public at the end of the trial , with her consent . She is married to someone else and has left the FLDS . Questioned by Shumate during Tuesday 's sentencing hearing , Wall maintained she did not seek restitution from Jeffs . "  My restitution is knowing that I spoke the truth , and you and the justice system have done your job , and I respect that very much , and I have faith and confidence that you will continue the healing process for me , " she told the judge . Offered the opportunity to speak , Jeffs did not . He showed no reaction as the sentence was imposed . In sentencing Jeffs , Shumate noted that 14 is under the legal marriage age in Utah and said Jeffs knew the marriage was unlawful . "  First cousins of this age can not marry lawfully in the state of Utah , " he said . He also denied a motion filed November 9 by Jeffs ' defense attorneys asking him to set aside the jury 's verdict . "  A reasonable juror could not have concluded beyond a reasonable doubt from the state 's purely circumstantial evidence that Jeffs encouraged another to rape Elissa Wall , " the motion said . Defense attorney Wally Bugden told Shumate he intends to appeal . "  We intend to do everything we can to reverse the verdict , " Bugden told reporters after the hearing . "  We do not believe the facts and the law support the charge of accomplice to rape . " See a timeline of events leading up to the sentencing " Two weeks ago , Shumate unsealed court documents indicating that Jeffs tried to hang himself while he was awaiting trial in January . The documents , released at the request of the media , also indicated that Jeffs confessed to "  immorality " with a "  sister " and a daughter more than 30 years ago . The FLDS calls adult women "  sister , " so Jeffs ' meaning is unclear . Jeffs ' attorneys said in a motion opposing the unsealing of the statements that their client recanted them the following month . Defense attorneys claim Jeffs ' medical condition influenced his state of mind when he made those statements . Members of the FLDS , based in the side-by-side border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , openly practice polygamy . Jeffs , who is considered a prophet by his followers , has led the 10,000-member sect since his father 's death in 2002 . The FLDS is not affiliated with the mainstream Mormon church , the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . He has drawn critical attention to the FLDS by allegedly arranging marriages to girls as young as 13 , exiling male teens and young men to reduce competition for brides , and reassigning the wives and children of excommunicated male followers . Jeffs , who was once on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list , was captured in Nevada in August 2006 after two years on the run . In addition to the Utah charges , he also faces multiple counts in Arizona of being an accomplice to incest and sex with minors . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Polygamist leader declines to speak at sentencing ; defense plans to appeal Consecutive sentences mean Warren Jeffs will serve at least 10 years Jeffs sentenced to five years to life on each of two charges of accomplice to rape He 's accused of arranging marriage of an unwilling 14-year-old to her cousin
CNN  -- An exiled Libyan dissident recently returned to the rebel stronghold of Benghazi after 30 years to fight on the opposition side . Mansour El-Kikhia , a Texas college professor , called his return a "  new adventure . " "  It 's a fantasy land . "  Alice in Wonderland , " "  Waiting for Godot , " it 's unbelievable . " El-Kikhia told "  In The Arena " host Eliot Spitzer . "  This has taught me to look at life in a different way . " El-Kikhia is an adviser to the rebel opposition against Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi . He said the rebels are battling uncertainty . Recent reports say rebels are questioning the commitment of western countries such as the United States , France and Italy to the opposition fight . "  There this constant question going on in their minds . " El-Kikhia said . "  Will Gadhafi come back ? Will the allies let us down ? Will they help us ? " On Wednesday , the United Kingdom , France and Italy announced they sent military advisers to aid Libyan rebels . Obama on Thursday approved the use of armed drones in Libya . El-Kikhia said the rebels are divided into two military groups . "  We have the actual military itself . Gen. Abdul Fattah Younis , whom I personally think is very , very capable , " he said . "  He  is  working very hard to train young men to actually take over , to be able to defend the city . " El-Kikhia said the second group of rebels at times can be a problem for the opposition . "  You have the other group , the insurgents . They 're fixated on removing Gadhafi . They 're more of a hindrance than help . But they keep on moving forward toward Tripoli and they 're being pushed back , " El-Kikhia said . Spitzer pressed El-Kikhia to explain in detail what the rebels needed from U.S. forces . When asked whether they needed recognition and weapons , he said America 's role should n't be limited to force . He said he wants to see the U.S. advising Libyans on how to sustain its fragile democracy . "  Libya  is like a child . This is a new child that just opened their eyes and they need as much help as they can , " he said . "  Help guide the Libyans . It does n't require total military force . It requires administration , some help  and  advice . "	"  It 's a fantasy land , "  Alice in Wonderland , " he says The college professor is an adviser to the rebel opposition The rebels are fighting against Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi 's forces
CNN  -- Gary Coleman 's funeral , if there is one , will wait for several months while a Utah judge decides who will permanently control of the former child actor 's estate , a lawyer said Wednesday . Coleman will be cremated and his ashes will be put away until a will dispute between ex-wife Shannon Price and former business associate Anna Gray is resolved , said Robert Jeffs , an attorney appointed temporary special administrator . Coleman divorced Price in 2008 , but they were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage at the Provo , Utah , hospital . Price , 24 , claimed in a petition that she was still Coleman 's common-law wife . She filed a handwritten document from 2007 that , if validated by the court , would give her Coleman 's estate . A will signed by Coleman in 2005 named Gray as executor and awarded all of his estate to the Portland , Oregon , woman . It is expected to take Utah District Judge James Taylor several months to hold a trial to decide which document is Coleman 's last legal will . Jeffs , who has control until then , said he would lock the actor 's ashes in a vault . No one is questioning that Coleman wanted his remains cremated . He called for it in the 2005 will , in which he also asked "  that there be no funeral service , wake , or other ceremony memorializing my passing . " An earlier will , dated in 1999 , offered specific instructions on who could not attend any funeral or memorial service . "  I direct my personal representative to cause my personal remains to be cremated and to plan a wake for me conducted by those who have had no financial ties to me and can look each other in the eyes and say they really cared personally for Gary Coleman , " the 1999 will said . He also said he wanted no reporters at the service . Coleman 's remains are at a Utah mortuary , awaiting direction about what happens to the body . Jeffs was instructed by the judge to wait until after Wednesday to order the cremation , to allow time for Gray to view his body . Coleman was best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	No funeral for Coleman until will dispute is resolved Coleman asked to be cremated 2005 will calls for no funeral Decision on who gets his estate is months away
CNN  -- When I think of Gloria Steinem approaching 80 , I think about the women of my generation , growing up at the end of the Baby Boom . We internalized a lot of stereotypes of what it meant to be a woman in those days . Until Gloria changed the rules . My earliest memories of gender inequity involve "  I Love Lucy . " I was 7 years old when I asked my mother , "  Why does Ricky act like Lucy 's boss ? " My mother laughed and said it was "  just a joke . " I did n't get it . The unspoken rules were evident in grade school , when teachers signaled their high expectations for boys but not girls . And when I looked at the larger world , I found that men were the leaders of countries , companies , churches , schools -- although the teachers were mostly women . I felt different , really different , but mostly I kept quiet about it until I was 17 . In the summer of 1972 I bought the first issue of Ms. magazine , a vivid image of Wonder Woman bursting from its cover . Steinem , a founding editor , examined the myth that "  Women Voters Ca n't Be Trusted . " Letty Cottin Pogrebin wrote about the insidious ways that women compete with other women . A piece titled "  Populist Mechanics " helped women demystify the workings of their car , complete with a detailed diagram of an auto engine . An etiquette column headlined "  Manners for Humans " counseled , "  Anyone can hold doors for anyone else . It is only decent to see that it does n't slam behind you . " I used my babysitting money to subscribe . I was hooked . Gloria 's words rang in my head when I challenged the status quo for girls in high school . A faculty advisor for the National Honor Society announced that the boys could run for president and treasurer and the girls for vice-president and secretary . Like Gloria , I came from a working-class family where you did n't question authority . My heart pounded as I argued for gender equality . I found my voice through Gloria 's . Opinion : Feminism is no longer a dirty word By the time I was in college , I was taking courses on sex roles and dressing like Gloria for Halloween : I streaked my straight blonde hair and topped off my outfit with aviator glasses . After college , life got more real . And so did the pressures to conform . "  Gender roles are policed , " Gloria taught us . I went on to study psychology and learned the academic term for this policing : "  coercion to the bio-social mean . " Stray from the behavioral norms of your social group , and people -- men and women alike -- will conspire to push you back to the middle . In the workplace , such policing is clear when it involves discrimination . Other times it is subtle , but it can be just as effective . Be good , but not too good ; be strong , but not too strong ; be competent , but not too competent . Cross those subtle lines and you 'll be branded with the "  B " word : "  bossy . " A recent article in the European Business Review put it this way : "  Women must live up to collective expectations of what makes a leader , while at the same time remaining true to gender expectations . " A year ago I led an executive education workshop for school principals aspiring to become superintendents . I asked how many of them had been accused of being bossy . Nearly every woman raised her hand . I talked about society 's gendered perceptions of leadership . Some participants welled with tears as they began to understand that sexism often masquerades as a hurtful personality attack . 5 reasons why we love Gloria Steinem In a 1995 speech to graduating seniors at her alma mater , Smith College , Steinem analyzed this phenomenon with her typical anthropological incisiveness : "  Some of us women have been successfully socialized to feel that women ca n't be leaders , and vice versa . " When we have children , people double down on the pressure for women to conform . Often this comes in the form of never-ending questions about balancing work and family . Would n't you rather be at home with your baby ? Do n't you worry about the effects of child care ? Why are you working so hard ? Once again , Gloria had the answer . In 1984 , she observed , "  I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career . " Women pressure other women about work and family , a phenomenon that has continued well past the "  mommy wars " of the 1980s . I am still troubled by Anne-Marie Slaughter 's 2012 Atlantic Monthly essay , "  Why Women Still Ca n't Have It All . " In the most widely cited Atlantic piece of all time , Slaughter wrote about the challenges of balancing a demanding career and raising children . If Gloria had been her editor , we might have seen a different headline : "  Why Parents Still Ca n't Have It All ... and How to Raise Everyone 's Consciousness About It . " One of my favorite expressions of Gloria 's is , "  The truth will set you free , but first it will piss you off . " The truth is that we need to continue the work of identifying how gender biases operate in our everyday lives . We are not living in a post-gendered world or a post-feminist world . Leaders of countries , companies , churches and schools are still mostly men . "  A feminist is anyone who recognizes the equality and full humanity of women and men , " Gloria taught us . The work of feminism goes on because Gloria 's voice continues to resonate across the world . The woman whose words changed the trajectory of my life at 17 continues to speak to me and millions more . "  Whatever the question , " Gloria said recently , "  women are part of the answer . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen McCartney .	Kathleen McCartney : Gloria Steinem changed rules on what it mean to be a woman In 70 's Steinem co-founded Ms. magazine to upend sexist status quo . McCartney was hooked Steinem helped her find voice to seek posts reserved for males , resist ` policed ' gender roles McCartney : Steinem 's work still resonant , necessary ; we do n't live in post-gendered world
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- Strikes by trade unions in Belgium disrupted travel Monday on the Eurostar and Thalys international train lines , the companies announced , as European leaders gathered in the capital Brussels for an informal summit . Eurostar passengers trying to get to Brussels from London had to change from trains to buses in Lille , France , on Sunday night and Monday , the company announced . Eurostar "  strongly advised " passengers to rebook travel for another day . Thalys cancelled dozens of train services to and from major European destinations including Paris and Amsterdam because of the Belgian strike . But CNN journalists in Brussels Monday did not see protests Monday morning or notice major traffic disruptions as a result of the strike . One of Belgium 's main unions , known as FGTB in French and ABVV in Flemish , said the strike was necessary because negotiations with the government were going slowly and not producing specific results . The general strike was necessary , the union said January 17 , "  to convince the government and employers to keep in mind the social reality of employees and social welfare recipients . " Belgium 's government is trying to bring down its budget deficit . CNN 's Jim Boulden , Antonia Mortensen and Theo Nikolaou contributed to this report .	Eurostar and Thalys international train lines are affected Unions say the strike is necessary because government talks are going slowly CNN journalists do not see strikes or major traffic disruptions
London  CNN  -- A fighter jet was scrambled Tuesday to escort a passenger plane into Britain 's Manchester Airport after the pilot received information that a "  possible suspicious device " was on board , police said . The plane landed safely after being escorted by the Royal Air Force jet and the airport said the threat was now over . Greater Manchester Police said via Twitter that one man on board the plane had been arrested on suspicion of making a hoax bomb threat . The other passengers are now being allowed off the aircraft , the force said . Manchester Airport 's press office said flights have resumed after being suspended for a 25-minute period . Qatar Airways confirmed that flight QR23 from Doha to Manchester , an Airbus A330-300 , had landed safely with 269 passengers and 13 crew on board . "  The crew onboard had received a threat about a possible device on board and Qatar Airways immediately took all the necessary precautions to alert British authorities , " the airline said . "  The crew is now fully assisting police at the airport with their inquiries . " Earlier , Chief Superintendent John O'Hare of Greater Manchester Police said police did not know how genuine the threat was but that it was vital police dealt with the situation "  as a full emergency . " He urged people not to be alarmed by the presence of police and other agencies at the airport and on the airfield . "  Our response will be as comprehensive as it is proportionate , with the safety of those on board and in and around the airport our paramount concern , " he said . A passenger on the plane , Josh Hartley , posted a video to Instagram showing a fighter jet flying alongside the aircraft , filmed through the plane window . Posting on Twitter , he said that emergency services were on the landing strip and that armed police were outside the plane . Manchester Airport is an international airport serving the north of England and handling more than 20 million passengers a year . CNN 's Elaine Ly , Carol Jordan , Sweelin Ong and Zahra Ullah contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say one man has been arrested on suspicion of making a hoax bomb threat Passenger films fighter escort through plane window , says armed police responded Pilot received information that a "  possible suspicious device " was on board , police say An RAF jet is deployed to escort the passenger plane into Manchester Airport
CNN  -- Libya 's newly appointed Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni stepped down from his post on Sunday after an attack on him and his family . The General National Congress , the country 's interim parliament , appointed al-Thinni Tuesday as interim prime minister and gave him a week to form a new cabinet . In a letter to the GNC posted on the government 's website , al-Thinni said he and his family were the victims of a "  cowardly attack " on Saturday night , a "  shooting that terrified people in a residential area and endangered the lives of some . " "  I do not accept a single drop of Libyan blood be shed because of me and I do not accept to be a reason for fighting among Libyans because of this position , " al-Thinni said . "  Therefore I apologize for not accepting my designation as interim prime minister . " Al-Thinni said he and members of the cabinet will continue their work as a caretaker government until a new prime minister is chosen by the GNC . Before his appointment on Tuesday , al-Thinni had taken over the cabinet as acting prime minister after his predecessor , Ali Zeidan , was voted out by the GNC last month . Zeidan , who was briefly kidnapped by a militia while in office , fled to Germany after his ouster because of security threats . There were no injuries reported in the attack on al-Thinni and his family , and no details about the incident were released . A resident in the neighborhood told CNN that al-Thinni was with his family when his convoy came under attack by a militia close to the area where he lives in Tripoli . After they escaped the attack and entered the neighborhood close to Tripoli 's airport road , heavy gunfire erupted in the area . There have been increased concerns about the worsening security situation in Libya and the country 's rocky transition to democracy after the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 . The government has so far been unable to build an army and a police force to rein in the hundreds of militia groups with competing interests , ideologies and agendas who continue to destabilize the North African nation . Officials have frequently been targeted and intimidated by the different militia groups . While serving as defense minister , al-Thinni 's son was kidnapped in Tripoli last September and released earlier this year .	Abdullah al-Thinni is stepping down after he and his family were attacked He said the attack , a "  cowardly " shooting , "  terrified people " A resident in al-Thinni 's Tripoli neighborhood told CNN a militia was responsible
Cairo  CNN  -- The Muslim Brotherhood declared that its candidate won Egypt 's historic presidential election this weekend , making the claim hours after openly challenging the nation 's military rulers over its dissolution of parliament . With several million votes still to be counted , the state-run Al-Ahram news website around 4:15 a.m. Monday  10:15 p.m. Sunday ET  showed the Brotherhood 's Mohamed Morsi leading with about 5,648,000 votes compared with about 4,705,000 for opponent Ahmed Shafik , who served as Egypt 's last prime minister in the waning days of Hosni Mubarak 's regime . Yet the Islamist group , citing what it said were all-but-complete official numbers released to its representatives at polling stations nationwide , asserted that Morsi had won by capturing 52.5 % of the overall vote . The official vote count was scheduled to be finished at some point Monday , with final results to be announced Thursday . Whoever they declare the winner will become the North African nation 's first president since Mubarak , who was ousted in a wave of popular unrest last year after three decades in power . The next president will wade into a country with a political system mired in controversy , confusion and confrontation , much of it due to events over the past week . Egypt has no constitution in place , though military rulers have vowed to appoint a 100-person panel to craft such a document . And a court ruling just days before the runoff appeared to invalidate an Islamist-dominated legislative body and then saw the military swiftly move to dissolve that parliament ahead of the election . But the Muslim Brotherhood , whose Freedom and Justice Party had won a majority of legislative seats , is bucking this act to dissolve parliament . Mahmoud Ghozlan , a spokesman for the Islamist group , called the move "  unconstitutional " and said parliamentary speaker Mohamed al-Katatni will convene legislators on Tuesday . "  This parliament was chosen by 30 million voters over a period of three months , and the legislative power was handed to  lawmakers  chosen by the people , " Ghozlan said . "  It is unconstitutional to dissolve it . " And Hussein Ibrahim , a Brotherhood member and majority leader in the legislature , insisted Sunday that parliament "  has not been dissolved , " according to a report from the state-run Al-Ahram news agency . Vowing the Brotherhood wo n't "  give it to a coup d'etat , " Ibrahim said while casting his vote in Alexandria that military rulers must respect a March 30 constitutional declaration that gives only "  the people " the authority to dissolve parliament . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , meanwhile , issued a new constitutional declaration Sunday night detailing some powers that the new president will hold , but gave little indication it was budging on the state of parliament . After being sworn in , the new president will set the date for parliamentary elections and can pardon and appoint government officials and ambassadors to foreign countries . But the military leadership stated that legislative power , as well as control of the national budget , will remain in its hands until a new parliament is elected . The Brotherhood "  strongly rejected " the military declaration about parliament on its official Twitter feed . The group also said that the constitutional panel picked by parliament will hold its first meeting Monday to begin drafting a constitution , in defiance of the military council . There 's also plenty of dispute over the validity of this weekend 's presidential runoff vote , which Shafik and Morsi 's campaigns accusing each other of election fraud . A wild election weekend for Egypt , France and Greece Turnout appeared sluggish Sunday at some polling stations in Cairo , where streets were mostly quiet despite what many Egyptians viewed as moves last week by military leaders , who have ruled the country since Mubarak was forced out in February 2011 , to hold on to power . Some voters may have stayed home because of sweltering heat , officials told the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper . As of 4 p.m. Sunday in Egypt , 40 % of the nation 's 50 million eligible voters had cast ballots , according to Farouk Sultan , the head of Egypt 's Supreme Presidential Election Commission . In the first round of voting last month , 46 % of voters participated . Officials have reported few voting irregularities in the second round of elections , Sultan said . To protect the balloting process , authorities went so far as to camp outside polling stations overnight during the runoff . At one station designated for women in Cairo , guards slept on the doorstep . The Supreme Presidential Electoral Committee approved licenses for 53 organizations to observe the elections , including at least three international groups -- the U.S.-based Carter Center , the South Africa-based Electoral Institute for Sustainable Democracy in Africa and the Arab Network for Monitoring of Elections . Yet Shafik 's campaign filed "  several complaints " with Sultan 's commission , alleging the Muslim Brotherhood committed "  systemic violations . " Specifically , they accused the Islamist group 's supporters of bribing voters with "  large sums of money and food " to back Morsi , as well as using "  intimidation , threats and violence against supporters of candidate Ahmed Shafik . " The former prime minister 's camp also said it "  filed more than 100 official complaints accusing the Brotherhood of ballot rigging and stuffing . " "  The Muslim Brotherhood 's systematic election violations prove how the  group  does not believe in freedom of choice and democracy unless this democracy brings them to power , " Shafik 's campaign said in a statement . "  The organized and persistent election fraud by the Muslim Brotherhood proves they ... only talk the talk and never walk the walk of liberal democracy . " In a statement on its website , the Brotherhood flatly denied what it called "  false reports being circulated " and urged election officials to promptly investigate what it called "  games and plots . " It also accused "  the rival candidate 's supporters  of  paying cash bribes to some voters , " among other allegations . Outside the city , in Giza , Mohammed Gamea cast his ballot for Morsi even as he questioned whether the election was fairly handled . "  I do n't believe the Egyptian presidential elections are fair to begin with , " he said Sunday morning . "  The military council , assisted by the elections committee , tried everything to stall and influence the process , from disqualifying previous candidates before the first round -- not to mention the negative campaigns against Morsi -- while keeping quiet about Shafik . " "  But despite all  this  , I do n't believe that there has been any electoral fraud . The ballots will determine what is next for Egypt . " The real obstacle to democracy in Egypt Some disgruntled voters launched a campaign to invalidate ballots , said Mohamed Ghoneim , the founder of a group that marked "  X " on the names of both Morsi and Shafik , thereby nullifying their vote . Among the boycotters was Mohamed Khamees , who said he lost sight in his left eye from a police beating in Tahrir Square during the early 2011 protests . "  If I give this country for the Brotherhood hands , there is not going to be any more Egypt , it will be destroyed , " he told CNN . "  And if I give it to someone from the old system , it looks like we did nothing . " What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? CNN 's Saad Abedine , Ivan Watson and Ben Wedeman and journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : The Muslim Brotherhood says its candidate won with 52.5 % of the overall vote NEW : A count by state media shows Morsi ahead , but with millions still to be counted Shafik 's campaign accuses the Muslim Brotherhood of systemic election fraud Military leaders say they will retain legislative power until a new parliament is picked
CNN  -- Fiat Group , fresh from an agreement to buy a piece of troubled automaker Chrysler , has plans to purchase GM Europe and spin off the recombined carmakers into a new company . Fiat 's update of the Cinquecento . The company says its small car expertise can help GM Europe get back on track . If successful , the new company would become one of the largest car manufacturers in the world behind Toyota . The combined company would generate about $ 100 billion annually with sales of between 6 and 7 million cars a year . "  Clearly they 're trying to take advantage of the opportunity when a lot of stakeholders may be willing to accommodate them , " said John Bonnell , an auto industry analyst with JD Power and Associates . "  It may be their only opportunity to get to the kind of scale necessary to succeed in this market . " In an interview with the Financial Times , Sergio Marchionne , chief executive officer of Fiat , detailed a plan to separate Fiat Auto core car divisions and join with Opel/Vauxhall , Saab and GM 's other European operations . Last week , Fiat agreed to take an initial 20 percent of Chrysler as the U.S. manufacturer filed for bankruptcy protection . "  It 's an incredibly simple solution to a very thorny problem , " Marchionne told the Financial Times . Marchionne hopes to have the deal finished by the end of this month , and list shares for the new company -- which may be called Fiat/Opel -- by the end of August . Fiat has only recently gotten itself back on track . In his five years at the helm of Fiat , Marchionne has helped turn around the troubled Italian automaker . Analysts say its small-car technology can help Chrysler , known for its minivans . In the past five years , Fiat has been able to regain market share in Europe with its economy fuel-saving cars as well as its luxury line , Alfa Romeo . Marchionne is scheduled to meet with German government officials Monday to discuss the plan . Opel is GM Europe 's German unit . To secure the deal , Fiat is hoping to secure loans from the German government , raising concerns in Germany about helping to fund the Chrysler deal . The company plans to keep its plants operating in Germany , but will reduce workforce , which is likely to raise political concerns .	Fiat hopes to purchase GM Europe The move comes a week after Fiat agreed to buy a stake in Chrysler Fiat plans would create one of the world 's largest car companies The new company , Fiat/Opel , would generate $ 100 billion a year
Washington  CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announced Friday she is resigning and will be nominated to become president of the University of California system . In an e-mail to associates , Napolitano said she will leave the Department of Homeland Security in September . While her nomination must be approved by the university 's board of regents at a meeting next week , Napolitano sounded confident of the outcome . "  Departing a job and community you love is never easy , but I am passionate about educating the next generation of leaders and the University of California is like no other institution in affording such an opportunity , " her e-mail said . She graduated from the University of Santa Clara in California in 1979 as its first female valedictorian . Napolitano , 55 , was confirmed as the nation 's third homeland security secretary and the first woman to hold the post the day after President Barack Obama took office in 2009 . Janet Napolitano : Fast Facts In an earlier statement on Friday , she called working with homeland security personnel who protect the nation "  the highlight of my professional career . " Obama thanked Napolitano for what he called outstanding work in dealing with "  some of the toughest challenges facing our country . " He cited her leadership in recovery efforts from natural disasters like Superstorm Sandy , dealing with the volatile immigration issue and protecting the nation against terrorist attacks . "  I 've come to rely on Janet 's judgment and advice , but I 've also come to value her friendship , " Obama said , wishing her luck "  as she begins a new chapter in a remarkable career of public service . " A breast cancer survivor , Napolitano was attorney general and then governor of Arizona before joining Obama 's Cabinet . As head of the vast department involved in all aspects of national security including anti-terrorism efforts , Napolitano was involved in some of the most high-profile moments of Obama 's first term . She was criticized for defending screening efforts after the 2009 attempted terrorist attack in which a man on a flight from Europe failed to ignite explosives in his underwear . During her tenure , the administration deported record numbers of undocumented immigrants . However , GOP critics complained Napolitano ignored the law by halting deportations of some young immigrants living illegally in the United States as part of administration reforms of the broken immigration system . Some officials at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency complained that the policy change forced agents to violate laws . Conservative Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama said Napolitano 's tenure "  was defined by a consistent disrespect for the rule of law . " "  Any selection -- interim or permanent -- to replace Secretary Napolitano must disavow these aggressive non-enforcement directives or there is very little hope for successful immigration reform , " Sessions said in a statement . Other legislators called for Obama to swiftly name a replacement . Names previously mentioned as possible successors include New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly and retired U.S. Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the service 's former commandant . The Homeland Security Department was created in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . Former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge was the first secretary , followed by Michael Chertoff , both during the administration of GOP President George W. Bush . In a statement Friday , Kelly and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised Napolitano for prioritizing federal funding for the city 's anti-terrorism programs during an era of budget austerity . "  Secretary Napolitano never lost sight of the fact that New York City was on the top of the terrorist target list and acted accordingly in funding important initiatives , " Kelly 's statement said . "  She performed a great public service not only for New York City but for the nation at large . " At the University of California , Napolitano will lead a system with more than 234,000 students at 10 campuses , five medical centers and three affiliated national laboratories . Sherry Lansing , the former film studio executive who headed the search committee , said Napolitano received unanimous support from the nominating panel . "  While some may consider her to be an unconventional choice , Secretary Napolitano is without a doubt the right person at the right time " to lead the university , Lansing said in a statement . "  She will stand as a vigorous advocate for faculty , students and staff at a time when great changes in our state , and across the globe , are presenting as many opportunities as challenges . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz , Deirdre Walsh , Greg Seaby and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP critics say Napolitano ignored laws regarding undocumented immigrants Janet Napolitano says she will leave the Cabinet in September Napolitano was the first woman to be homeland security secretary She will be nominated to be president of the University of California system
CNN  A deal aimed at imposing a ceasefire in Ukraine from this Sunday was concluded following talks between the leaders of Russia , Ukraine , France and Germany . Yet despite 17 hours of talks in the Belarus capital of Minsk , during which President Vladimir Putin was seen breaking pencils on his desk in frustration , some of the agreement 's most important provisions have yet to be clarified . And although German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande proclaimed themselves satisfied with the deal , both should know the chances of a durable settlement remain slim . Were the bloodshed to resume -- or , as is more likely , never stop -- what happens inside Ukraine largely depends on Putin ; barring direct Western military involvement which remains unthinkable , the Russian leader maintains what strategy experts call "  escalation dominance , " namely the ability to decide how much or little he wants to apply pressure , in the re knowledge that , even if Moscow miscalculates , Russia will not pay a heavy price . All the indications are that , when he ordered his crack forces into Ukraine a year ago , Putin had no clear idea of Russia 's "  end game . " Still , wars create their own strategic logic and appetite grows with eating . So when Putin discovered the seizure of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula was swift and painless , he expanded his country 's objectives by supporting ethnic Russian separatists in the rest of Ukraine . Until recently , the assessment of Western intelligence was that Putin 's strategy was to support anti-government rebels in Ukraine as a bargaining chip to draw Ukraine away from its West-leaning aspirations , and lure it back into Russian influence . However , the latest Russian offensives indicate new objectives : Moscow 's troops are consolidating the separatist rebel enclaves into one larger unit under Russian control , most likely as a prelude to Ukraine 's permanent territorial division . The aim may no longer be to draw Ukraine into Moscow 's orbit , but to destroy the nation , and condemn the remaining western rump of the country to the status of a failed state . There are other reasons why Putin may be in a rush to consolidate the Russian-held enclaves into one coherent entity . For without this happening , any long-term ceasefire will still leave the enclaves vulnerable to a sudden attack from Ukrainian government forces . Furthermore , the Russian enclaves as currently constituted are not economically viable ; consolidating them alongside Russia 's own borders will make it cheaper for Russia to subsidize the region , which is what Moscow will now have to do . And , finally , the extension of the Russian enclaves offers the advantage of eventually providing Moscow with territorial continuity between Russia itself and the Crimea peninsula which Putin has already legally incorporated into his country ; at the moment , the peninsula -- which otherwise does not enjoy a land link with Russia -- has to be supplied by an expensive and vulnerable ferry connection . In short the logic of Russian political and economic calculations appears to coincide into virtually guaranteeing a deep push into Ukraine , and a spike in the number of casualties and displaced persons . Any resumption of the fighting on a scale that now looks likely will make it inevitable that Western governments will start supplying weapons to the Ukrainian military . But if Ukraine 's firepower increases , the argument in many Western capitals goes , that will increase the price Russia has to pay in terms of personnel and equipment , and thereby persuade Putin to stop this adventure . It is a risky game with long-term consequences for the European continent . The reality is that Ukraine 's military does not need Western-made military equipment ; it operates Russian or Soviet-made one . So the chances are high that , once Western governments -- and especially the U.S. one -- decide to supply Ukraine with lethal military equipment , the supplies will come from the stocks of Soviet-made weapons which are in Poland and Romania , eastern Europe 's biggest nations . Both border Ukraine , which makes the delivery of such weapons easy and unobtrusive , something U.S. President Barack Obama may prefer , in order not to foreclose any opportunity for a future diplomatic dialogue with Moscow . Although details of such planning are being kept under wraps , Polish Defense Minister Tomasz Siemoniak has already acknowledged the possibility that his country 's military stocks may be used for this purpose . The outcome is almost exactly the same as what happened during the Yugoslavia civil wars of the 1990s , when the U.S. surreptitiously supplied the Croats and Bosnian Muslims in the Balkans with weapons to defeat the Serbs . That tactic worked at that time . But the snag is that Russia is not Serbia : Putin has staked too much on his Ukrainian adventure to accept anything which smacks of defeat . The result is , therefore , that Ukraine will settle down to a prolonged proxy conflict , in which the possession of every village or road will be closely contested , a bloody confrontation in which most European governments get involved , but none accept responsibility . And , as is often the case in such situations , the longer the conflict goes on , the less chances anyone has in controlling its protagonists . Russia is already finding it increasingly difficult to control ethnic Russian rebels in Ukraine , and that difficulty will only increase as times goes by . A large influx of weapons into Ukraine will also mean an expansion in the already considerable domestic black market for such weapons and a further boost for a variety of right-wing Ukrainian militias , many of which are already fighting alongside Ukrainian regular soldiers . Russia 's allegation that Ukraine is under the control of "  fascists " is nonsense but , if Ukraine seeks deeper into violence , extremists will increasingly come to the fore . It is this sort of ghastly , ghoulish fate which the deal that France and Germany brokered is designed to avoid . But the chances are that what was agreed is simply too little and too late to postpone a looming Ukrainian nightmare .	Despite a deal struck over Ukraine , the chances of a durable settlement remain slim , says Jonathan Eyal Eyal : Putin 's aim may be to destroy the nation , and condemn remaining western rump to status of failed state Longer conflict goes on , less chances anyone has in controlling its protagonists , Eyal writes
Searchers looking for more bodies and wreckage from AirAsia Flight QZ8501 continue to be hindered by tough weather conditions . Ships , planes and helicopters are being used to try to find victims of the disaster . Most of the people on board the flight remain missing , and search teams are still looking for the main wreckage of the plane . Efforts are being concentrated in a zone covering 1,575 square nautical miles  5,400 square kilometers  that officials believe is the "  most probable area " to find the remains of the aircraft . But on Friday , waves in the Java Sea as high as four meters  13 feet  were making it hard for divers search underwater . The weather is "  the biggest obstacle , " said Bambang Hermanu , chief of police in Indonesia 's Central Kalimantan province , where much of the search operation is based . Here 's more key information about where things stand on Flight QZ8501 : The flight What we know : The aircraft took off early Sunday from Surabaya , Indonesia , bound for Singapore . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to a higher altitude to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar . What we do n't know : What happened on board after contact with the plane was lost . No distress call was received . Indonesian aviation authorities have suggested that the plane ascended despite permission being denied because of traffic . Some experts have speculated that the aircraft might have experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Analysts have also suggested that the pilots might not have been getting information from onboard systems about the plane 's position , or that rain or hail from thunderstorms in the area could have damaged the engines . Until the main wreckage of the plane is found , along with the flight recorders , experts have little evidence to support their theories . How can a modern airliner vanish ? The search What we know : Search teams found debris and some bodies in the water Tuesday , 100 to 200 kilometers  about 60 to 120 miles  from the aircraft 's last known location over the Java Sea , Indonesia 's search and rescue agency said . Thirty bodies have so far been recovered from the sea , Indonesian officials said Friday . Early Friday , what appears to be a piece of the fuselage was found , Singapore 's Defense Ministry said . It resembles a window panel . The USS Sampson , the U.S. Navy ship that is helping with the search , recovered two bodies Thursday , the U.S. Seventh Fleet said Friday . Indonesia is leading the international search effort , with assistance from a range of countries including Malaysia , Singapore and the United States . What we do n't know : The exact location of the body of the aircraft . An Indonesian search official told CNN on Wednesday that he thought sonar equipment had detected wreckage from Flight 8501 at the bottom of the Java Sea . But the country 's search and rescue chief said the plane had n't been found yet . Bad weather has hindered the search operation . The ones who missed the flight The people on board What we know : The plane was carrying 155 passengers and seven crew members . The overwhelming majority of those on board were Indonesians . There were also citizens of Britain , France , Malaysia , Singapore and South Korea . Details are emerging about some of the people on the flight , recounted by family members and friends . What we do n't know : When the missing passengers and crew members will be recovered . Indonesian authorities have identified four of the recovered bodies so far . The first victim they identified , an Indonesian woman named Hayati Lutfiah Hamid , was buried Thursday . Many family members are waiting in Surabaya for news about their loved ones . Who was aboard AirAsia Flight QZ8501 ? The investigation What we know : The key to understanding what happened may be in the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder , commonly known as black boxes . The black boxes , which are actually orange , are in the tail of Airbus 320-200s . If recovered , they will be taken to a lab in Jakarta , Indonesia , to be analyzed , said Tatang Kurniadi , head of Indonesia 's National Committee for Transportation Safety . The batteries powering the "  pingers " that send acoustic signals have only about 25 days of power left , he said . What we do n't know : Where the plane 's remains might have been taken by the elements . Investigators will need to use information gleaned from the flight recorders and clues from the wreckage . "  The more bits I can put into my mosaic , the better my picture will be , " aviation safety expert Michael Barr said . "  The better the picture , the better I can come up with an understanding of what happened . " But the conditions at sea make that work much more difficult than on land . "  In the water , you are working with currents and winds , and so the pieces wo n't be where they had the initial impact , " he said . What happens next ? The plane and the pilots What we know : The 6-year-old Airbus A320-200 , operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , had accumulated around 23,000 flight hours in about 13,600 flights , according to Airbus . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was on November 16 . Flight 8501 's veteran captain , Iriyanto , 53 , had 20,537 flying hours , 6,100 of them with AirAsia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer , Remi Emmanuel Plesel , 46 , had 2,275 flying hours , a reasonable amount for his position . What we do n't know : Whether technical problems , human error or other issues were involved in the crash . According to information from the Aviation Safety Network accident database , there have been 54 incidents involving the A320 . "  In the A320 family , accidents and incidents range from fan-cowl detachment , landing gear collapse , bird strikes , right through to hull losses through pilot error , " said Kane Ray , an analyst with the International Bureau of Aviation , a global aviation consulting group . "  Most aircraft have teething problems , and in most cases , these are eradicated . Very rarely , these issues cause disasters -- largely because of a culmination of factors that lead to the event , " Ray said . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak	What may be a Flight 8501 window panel has been found , Singapore ministry says Thirty bodies have been recovered , officials say , and four of them have been identified Officials are focusing the search on a "  most probable area " in the Java Sea
New York  CNN  -- When Alec Baldwin closed out the Academy Awards on Sunday night by slapping director Kathryn Bigelow squarely on the backside , that pretty much said it all . It was Ladies ' Night in a Boys ' Town . Yes , the opening routine by Baldwin and Steve Martin was very funny ; there was sincerity and genuine gratitude from many of the winners ; despite weird digressions into arcane areas like sound recording , the program moved briskly enough . But did the orchestra need to follow Bigelow 's win of her long-deserved best director prize , for "  The Hurt Locker , " by playing the old Helen Reddy song "  I Am Woman " ? When Zoe Saldana and Carey Mulligan arrived on stage to present the Best Original Song award , did they have to be intro-ed with "  Thank Heaven For Little Girls " ? And in addition to being groped by Baldwin , did Bigelow have to be so muscled-in-on by her fellow producers when she was picking up the best picture award for her film , "  The Hurt Locker " ? ` The Hurt Locker ' wins six Oscars Maybe that wacky Elinor Burkett had a point : The producer of "  Music by Prudence " -- which had just won the Oscar for best documentary short -- barreled on stage , saying "  Let the woman speak ! " and commandeering the mike from her director , Roger Ross Williams . She provided a classic moment of Oscar craziness and the one instance of spontaneity in an evening when all the big favorites won all the big prizes . Burkett seemed boorish , sure . But that does n't necessarily make her wrong . The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences certainly faced a dilemma this year : Vote for the future , or make up for the past . Years from now , it will probably look profoundly shortsighted that "  Avatar , " one of the biggest movies ever -- and , more importantly , the one that indicates where movies are going -- did n't win the top prize when Hollywood had a chance to bestow it . Instead , the Oscars gave their most coveted awards to a small indie film about an unpopular war and a director whose sex had never before been honored with a best director prize . What helped make it all so complicated was not that there 's been a long , long history of overlooked genius female directors that the Oscars had to atone for . The sin at stake was -- and is -- that women simply have never been given an equal chance to direct . Predictably , Bigelow did n't have to be as good as the boys , she had to be better . And she was . But earning your Oscars and actually getting them are two different things . Fortunately for Bigelow , she had history on her side last night . James Cameron did n't . The billions being made by "  Avatar " will probably be some consolation , but neither he nor his movie are warm and fuzzy , which is what the Academy voters like . In fact , the big-hearted , sentimental acceptance by best actor Jeff Bridges  "  Crazy Heart "  , and the rather elegant , funny remarks by best actress Sandra Bullock  "  The Blind Side "  , are exactly what we all want Oscar night to be . That , and a few good jokes , which is what Martin and Baldwin provided , arriving on stage after a musical extravaganza starring Neil Patrick Harris that seemed ready to recall the bad old days of producer Alan Carr and the notorious Rob Lowe/Snow White musical overture of 1989 . Looking back on Oscar 's ` train wreck ' Nothing so ghastly reared its ugly head last night , although there were a few moments of bad choices , bad manners and a strategy that was , at best , elusive . For all the changing characters and categories on Oscar-watchers ' betting pool ballots , there are certain things we bet on no matter what : one , that the show will be interminable ; two , that it will last at least until midnight  ET  no matter how they try to contain it ; and , three , that there will be moments in the show itself that , although planned by seemingly sane individuals , will be inexplicable , if not grotesque . Last night did not disappoint . While someone like poor Tivi Magnusson got drowned out by the orchestra  after he and Joachim Back won best live action short for "  The New Tenants "  , the show 's producers thought it made perfect sense to devote relatively huge chunks of time to examining the niceties of animated short subjects or providing weary viewers the inevitable , unspeakable interpretive dance number , this one devoted to the evening 's musical scores . More painful , at least to this viewer 's eyes , was an overlong salute to the late director John Hughes , featuring a reunion of some of his more famous players , a few of whom -- Molly Ringwald , for instance , and Judd Nelson -- looked positively shell shocked . The only surprises of the night were in the best foreign film category : The Argentine "  El Secreto de Sus Ojos , " beat out the favored "  White Ribbon , " thus continuing the Oscar tradition of giving the foreign-film prize to something few have even seen  a foreign-film Oscar does n't do much good , one should remember , for a movie that 's already opened and closed  . The other surprise was the rudeness with which costume designer Sandy Powell accepted her "  Young Victoria " Oscar . "  I 've already got two of these , " she said , before dissing her coworkers and , by extension , the Academy in toto . Brusque dismissal is not a quality Oscar tolerates very well and it 's not likely Ms. Powell will be back , unlike Martin and Baldwin , who were the funniest Oscar hosts ever , proving there 's power in numbers , the sum often can be more than the parts , and that it 's always good to have an extra pair of hands , as long as they stay off Kathryn Bigelow 's butt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Anderson .	Oscar had to atone for history of overlooked female directors , says critic John Anderson Steve Martin , Alec Baldwin were the funniest Oscar hosts ever , says critic Anderson : It will look profoundly shortsighted that "  Avatar " did n't win best picture Salute to the late director John Hughes was "  overlong , " critic says
Washington  CNN  -- On a Saturday at the Lamar Edward Salon , a small cluster of women watch a demonstration of a new product . Their giggles turn into growing interest . They learn the city is handing out free samples , but it 's not shampoo or makeup products . Instead , the women can leave the salon with free female condoms tucked into their purses . Co-owner Gerald Armstrong said his salon is a perfect place for a frank discussion about safe sex . "  We talk about beauty and we talk about hair and makeup and things to make them feel better , " Armstrong said . "  We should start talking about things that are helping them to live longer . " Faced with an HIV infection rate six times higher than the national average , District of Columbia officials are launching an unorthodox campaign to halt the spread of the disease . They will hand out 500,000 female condoms at salons and community centers and offer informal training sessions to teach women how to use the little-known product . About 30 percent of people infected in Washington are women , and the numbers are growing , said Shannon Hader , senior deputy director of the district 's Department of Health . HIV is particularly prevalent among African-Americans , and more black women between 25 and 34 will die from HIV/AIDS nationwide than from any other cause . "  Women have n't really gotten the message that they 're at risk , " Hader said . "  So we are very , very concerned with making sure that women in the district realize that HIV , in fact , is a woman 's disease too . " In the past , the higher price of female condoms kept them from reaching the ubiquity of the male condom . A newly released version , called FC2 , is cheaper and designed to be more user-friendly , but the female condom is still relatively unknown . So when health officials in Washington decided to use a $ 500,000 grant from the M.A.C. AIDS Fund to distribute female condoms , they allocated a portion for marketing . "  One of the things about female condoms is that they 're a new product to most people , " Hader said . "  So like any new product , you ca n't expect it just to sell itself , just to take off on its own . " The city trained outreach workers to demonstrate female condom use and then sent them into salons and onto college campuses to reach women where they already feel comfortable . Charlene Cotton became an outreach worker after she discovered she was HIV-positive six years ago . Now Cotton has begun giving demonstrations on the female condom . She says she 's a convert . "  It will give a woman a choice , freedom to use protection when a man feels as though that he does n't have to use a condom , " Cotton said . "  And it gives her the opportunity to say , ` Well you do n't have to use one , so I 'll use one . ' " She said demonstrators ask women to take home three female condoms in the hopes it will increase their familiarity with the product . "  Try it three times , " Cotton said . "  First time , experiment -LSB- with -RSB- it , you feel it , try to apply it . Second time , apply it again . And the third time , use it with your friend . And if they 're not convinced by the third time , " then they probably wo n't continue to use it , she said . Before Katrina Byrd saw a demonstration she was not enthusiastic about using an "  unattractive " female condom . But after another woman offered tips on female condom use and explained the condoms could prevent sexually transmitted diseases , Byrd said she would give them a chance . "  I 'll try it , " Byrd said . "  I 'll see if through my own experience I 'll like it . " That 's the response that prevention advocates are hoping to hear . "  HIV and AIDS has declared war on our communities , particularly on African-American women . And I feel that we are justified as health care providers to look for every single avenue to fight back , " said Dr. Celia Maxwell , director of the Women 's Health Institute at Howard University . "  For me the important thing would be that even one women is spared from becoming infected . "	D.C. officials will hand out 500,000 female condoms at salons and community centers Informal training sessions to teach women how to use the little-known product will be given HIV infection rate six times higher than national average in D.C. ; 30 % are women Outreach worker : "  It will give a woman a choice , freedom to use protection "
CNN  -- Penn State 's Board of Trustees on Friday authorized the school to offer settlements to some of the men who say former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky abused them . No settlement agreements have been signed , the board said in a statement after its meeting Friday . The settlement offers apply to a number of people who have made claims against Penn State arising from the Sandusky case , the board said . "  Today 's action is yet another important step toward the resolution of claims from Sandusky 's victims , " Penn State President Rodney Erickson said in a statement . "  As we have previously said , the university intends to deal with these individuals in a fair and expeditious manner , with due regard to their privacy . " The board said the settlement offers are "  within a range of dollar values " that is being kept confidential . It said there would be no more comments until the settlements have been finalized and agreed to . Painful chapter closes with Sandusky 's conviction A judge sentenced Sandusky in October to more than 30 years in prison for sexually abusing 10 boys over a 15-year period . The sex abuse scandal led to the 2011 firing of Penn State 's head football coach , Joe Paterno , and the ouster of the university 's longtime president , Graham Spanier . Paterno died last year of lung cancer . Penn State antitrust suit against NCAA tossed out CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Board of trustees authorizes Penn State to offer settlements to some victims The settlements are for those who have made claims against the school No settlement agreements have been signed , the board says Sandusky was sentenced in October for sexually abusing young boys
Romulus , Michigan  CNN  -- A Nigerian man is "  talking a lot " to the FBI , said a senior U.S. official , after what the United States believes was an attempted terrorist attack on an inbound international flight . The initial impression is that the suspect was acting alone and did not have any formal connections to organized terrorist groups , said the senior official who is familiar with the investigation . The suspect , identified by a U.S. government official as 23-year-old Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , ignited a small explosive device Friday , shortly before a Northwest flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , made its landing in Detroit , Michigan . With the aid of the cabin crew , another passenger quickly helped subdue and isolate Abdulmutallab , passenger Syed Jafry told CNN . Abdulmutallab , was placed in custody and is being treated for second - and third-degree burns on his thighs , according to federal law enforcement and airline security sources . The sources told CNN that the suspect flew into Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam on a KLM flight from Lagos , Nigeria , and is not believed to be on any "  no fly " list , although his name does appear in a U.S. database of people with suspect connections . He did not undergo secondary security screening in Amsterdam , an administration official said . The administration official said there was no evidence that Abdulmutallab was a hard-core , trained member of al Qaeda . Abdulmutallab , a Nigerian national , claimed to have extremist ties and said the explosive device "  was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used , " a federal security bulletin obtained by CNN said . The remains of the device used are being sent to an FBI explosives lab in Quantico , Virginia , for analysis , security sources said . U.S. President Barack Obama , who is spending the holidays in his home state of Hawaii , was briefed on the incident during a secure phone call with aides , and instructed in a subsequent discussion with security advisers "  that all appropriate measures be taken to increase security for air travel , " White House spokesman Bill Burton told CNN . The president made no changes to his schedule , Burton said . The Department of Homeland Security issued a statement Friday saying that air passengers "  may notice additional screening measures put into place to ensure the safety of the traveling public on domestic and international flights . " Passengers described the brief moments of panic on board , as screams erupted and flight attendants ran for fire extinguishers . Jafry , who was sitting in seat 16G , said the plane was just beginning to descend when passengers heard a pop . "  Everybody got a little bit startled , " he said . "  After a few seconds or so ... there was ... kind of a flamish light and there was fire " and people around the immediate area began to panic . One woman told CNN affiliate WDIV that a man threw a blanket over Abdulmutallab 's legs to help put out the small fire . "  It was terrifying , " Richelle Keepman said . "  I think we all thought we were n't going to land , we were n't going to make it . " Passenger Elias Fawaz told WDIV that the explosion sounded "  like a balloon being popped " and said he could smell smoke . Jafry said the incident was under control within minutes , crediting the crew and nearby passengers for the rapid response . One person was taken to the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor , hospital spokeswoman Tracy Justice said . "  All passengers have deplaned and out of an abundance of caution , the plane was moved to a remote area , " where the plane and baggage were rescreened , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . Passengers were interviewed by law enforcement authorities before being allowed to leave the airport . No other suspicious materials were found on the plane or in luggage , the law enforcement and airline security sources said . The suspect had only carry-on luggage . Another passenger on the Northwest flight transferred from the same KLM flight in Amsterdam but officials found no connection between the two , the sources said . The plane , an Airbus 330 , landed shortly before noon ET . It was carrying 278 passengers . Delta is the parent company of Northwest . CNN 's Mike Brooks , Jeanne Meserve , Kevin Bohn , Elise Labott , Ed Henry and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Nigerian in custody , "  talking a lot , " U.S. official says , after incident White House is considering the incident an attempted terrorist attack Passenger is immediately subdued ; FBI investigating Flight originated in Amsterdam , Netherlands , ended in Detroit , Michigan
CNN  -- The angry Frenchman came upon an audacious solution when he could n't fly business class , a plan worthy of "  Catch Me If You Can . " Told the section was full , Philippe Jeannard just went into the cockpit and pretended to be crew , even dressing the part , police allege . Unlike Leonardo DiCaprio in the film based on the true story of a successful con artist posing as a pilot , Jeannard was caught right away at Philadelphia International Airport and is now being held on $ 1 million bail , Philadelphia police said Friday . The 61-year-old later remarked that he "  hated Americans , " said police , who are still ascertaining his exact motive . Jeannard , who is from La Rochelle , on the west coast of France , is a retired winemaker who was on a layover from France and was changing planes to his final destination in West Palm Beach , Florida , said Philadelphia Inspector Joseph Sullivan . There 's no indication that Jeannard was drunk , but he appeared to have had some drinks , Sullivan said . Police arrested the man on charges of trespassing , impersonating a public servant and lying to police , Inspector Joseph Sullivan said . The FBI is also investigating , a spokesman said Friday . The incident occurred on a US Airways flight , Philadelphia police say . US Airways declined to comment , citing the FBI investigation , spokesman Andrew Christie said . Jeannard boarded the plane Wednesday evening wearing a white button-down shirt with an Air France logo over the pocket and a black jacket with four gold stripes on the epaulets , akin to one worn by pilots , police said . He also was carrying a bad fake of an Air France crew badge and a fake crew identification card , according to police and Air France spokesman Cedric Leurquin . Before he boarded the US Airways flight , Jeannard had a disagreement with airline personnel who could not accommodate his request to be upgraded to business class , police said . Police believe he sauntered into the cockpit while passengers were boarding the plane . The pilot 's door is usually open at that time , police said . A flight attendant conducting a routine head count entered the cockpit and saw the man sitting in the jump seat behind the captain 's seat . He identified himself as an Air France pilot . At least two pilots were doing preflight checks on the Airbus when the man entered the cockpit , Sullivan said . "  He identified himself as a pilot and started to sit in the jump seat . But he immediately had a problem getting strapped in and it was obvious to the real pilots that he could n't be a pilot , " Sullivan told CNN . "  He did n't know what he was doing . " The flight crew told him he would have to fill out paperwork , but the man did n't have credentials , police said . The captain then told him to leave the area , and the man became irate , police said . Unable to calm him down , the flight crew escorted him off the plane , police said . An airline agent tried to rebook him on another flight while U.S. Airways corporate security was notified , police said . When corporate security realized they had a possible crime on their hands , the man had left the terminal for his rebooked flight , police said . Corporate security contacted Philadelphia police , who found and arrested the man at his new terminal , Sullivan said . The original U.S. Airways flight departed . Was the act a fit of pique or a prank ? Police say they do n't know whether the suspect was simply a prankster trying to mimic Frank W. Abagnale Jr. or he had other motives .  Abagnale -- who infamously eluded authorities for years in the 1960s while posing as , among other things , an airline pilot , a doctor and an attorney -- was the inspiration for the 2002 film "  Catch Me If You Can , " starring DiCaprio and Tom Hanks  . ` Who did you say you were again ? ' On-screen imposters Despite the man 's comment to police that he hates Americans , a federal law enforcement official said that investigators so far have not found any link to terrorism . Air France confirmed that none of its employees had tried to board the Charlotte-bound flight . Jeannard was n't wearing the airline 's official uniform and badge . The Federal Aviation Administration and the Transportation Security Administration would n't discuss the case and referred calls to the FBI . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Carol Cratty , Kristen Kiraly and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Pilots sense colleague is a fake when he ca n't strap into cockpit 's jump seat NEW : Frenchman is a retired winemaker traveling from France to Florida Police say man boarded US Airways plane in Philadelphia posing as a pilot He allegedly entered cockpit after being told business class was full , police say
For the first time ever , Apple unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday , a traditional upgrade of its iPhone 5 as well as a simpler , cheaper version . Apple CEO Tim Cook said the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C are a reaction to a changing smartphone market . "  Business has become so large that this year we are going to replace the iPhone 5 and we 're going to replace it with not one , but two new designs , " Cook said . "  This allows us to serve even more customers . " The iPhone 5C was the first phone demoed at Tuesday 's event at Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters . "  It has an incredible all new design , one that 's more fun , more colorful than any iPhone we 've made yet , " said Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president for marketing . In a video , Apple design guru Jonny Ive described the 5C as "  beautifully , unapologetically plastic . " The phone will sell for as little as $ 99 , for a 16GB version , and $ 199 for one with 32GB of storage  each with a two-year mobile contract  . In a departure , Apple will also be making its own cases for the 5C , selling them in a variety of colors for $ 29 . Then there 's the iPhone 5S , which is the more traditional update to the iPhone 5 . "  It is the gold standard in smartphones , " Schiller said . The 5S features a handful of performance upgrades , including what Apple calls a dramatic increase in processing speed . It will have the first 64-bit chip in a smartphone -- Apple 's A7 -- which Schiller said has tested at up to twice as fast as the iPhone 5 's processor . It also will have a new feature , a motion co-processor , that will let the phone be used as a fitness tracker along the lines of a FitBit . Schiller said battery life will be "  the same or better " than the iPhone 5 and its camera will have 15 % more active sensor space , improved white balance and auto-focus , and a new flash . Also , its camera will , for the first time on iPhone , allow video in slow motion . Arguably the most dramatic new feature on the phone , though , is Touch ID , a fingerprint scanner for added security . Users will be able to log into their phone via the home button and make purchases from iTunes using their fingerprint as a password of sorts . The iPhone 5S will sell for $ 199 for a 16GB version , $ 299 for a 32GB model and $ 399 for the top-end 64GB phone . Pre-orders for the iPhone 5C starts on September 13 . Both versions are on sale starting September 20 . Cook also announced the newest version of Apple 's mobile operating system , iOS 7 , will be released to the public on September 18 . It will have over 200 new features , according to Apple , including the ability to switch voice-activated digital assistant Siri to a male voice . The iPhone has remained the world 's top-selling smartphone , save for a few quarters when it was dethroned by phones in Samsung 's Galaxy S line . But after making up nearly 24 % of all smartphones sold in late 2011 , Apple 's device is now down to about 14 % , while Android phones account for a whopping 79 % . With the iPhone 5C , Apple is clearly looking to emerging markets like China and India , where a less expensive phone would , presumably , sell well to a massive potential customer base . Historically , rollouts of new Apple products have been near-mystical affairs for fans . But as the smartphone market has matured , some analysts say the real excitement may need to come from other products . "  Apple needs a new ` hero product , ' but I do not think it necessarily has to be a phone , " Gartner technology analyst Carolina Milanesi told CNN . "  With technology innovation slowing down , maybe they are better off turning iPhone into a market-share grabber and showing innovation in another product . " A likely candidate could be the company 's anticipated "  iWatch . " Apple is all but certain to join the emerging smartwatch market that Samsung entered last week with its Galaxy Gear device . Also , Apple has also long been rumored to be working on a TV set .	Apple rolls out two new iPhones Tuesday The iPhone 5S is an upgrade to current model The iPhone 5C will be less expensive and come in bright colors Both phones will go on sale September 20
CNN  -- Hector "  Macho " Camacho , the famed Puerto Rican boxer , is clinically "  brain dead , " a doctor said Thursday . A gunman shot him in the face two days ago while he was seated in a black Ford Mustang in front of a bar in his hometown of Bayamon , Puerto Rico . Camacho , a former lightweight and junior lightweight champion , was in the passenger seat of the car , sitting next to a man who was shot twice and killed , police said . His family is now weighing whether to remove him from life support . The suspects are two men who are believed to have been traveling in a gray vehicle , said Lt. Wilfredo Rivera , of CataÃ ± o Police . They escaped after a shootout with police at a residential complex , WAPA TV reported . During his career , Camacho , 50 , awed fans with his quick hands and ring antics , developing a reputation for flamboyance . Though , he also battled a series legal issues stemming from drugs and other problems . A southpaw , Camacho fought professionally for more than 25 years and last stepped into the ring in 2010 . He had a career record of 79 wins , six losses and three draws .	Camacho was shot in the face two days ago in front of a bar in his hometown in Puerto Rico His family is now weighing whether to remove him from life support The southpaw fought professionally for more than 25 years and last stepped into the ring in 2010 He had a career record of 79 wins , six losses , and three draws
Washington  CNN  -- Private health insurance exchanges still are not able to directly enroll consumers in subsidized health plans offered through Obamacare even though the government has said problems doing so should have been cleared up weeks ago . Executives from three online health exchanges that contract with both insurance companies and government agencies to enroll consumers eligible for federal subsidies in marketplace plans say the process still is n't ready to go and that more work remains . This despite several promises from government officials that technical fixes have been made to allow for business to be conducted on those sites , which are alternatives to the troubled HealthCare.gov website and health exchanges sites run by states . The direct enrollment process designed by the Department of Health and Human Services would allow private marketplaces to direct consumers to a federal data hub to confirm their eligibility for government assistance , and then allow them to return to the third-party sites to enroll . "  We 're not going to launch anything that does n't work , but we ca n't even start testing for a while yet , " said eHealth.com CEO Gary Lauer , weeks after the first round of fixes were announced in mid-November . "  We 're still going through all of this . The stuff we 've had up to this point has been junk , and that 's why I 'm so concerned about this . It may not work , " he said . Officials from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the agency overseeing HealthCare.gov , announced in November several fixes that were supposed to allow for direct enrollment through private issuers within a matter of days . After the announcement , consumers should have been able to compare plans on a private exchange , visit HealthCare.gov to receive their subsidy eligibility , and then be directed back to the private site to complete enrollment . "  We believe more improvements need to be made before it 's stable enough and consumer-friendly enough , " said Michael Mahoney , senior vice president of consumer marketing at GoHealth.com , another private online health insurance exchange . Launched in 2010 , GoHealth has been participating in an alternate form of direct enrollment since late November , but visitors to the site still can not complete the entire process online as CMS officials promised . Shoppers can compare plans and get an estimate of what kind of subsidy they may qualify for through the GoHealth system , but in order to officially determine their eligibility and enroll in a plan consumers must call a GoHealth call center . "  We 're still working with CMS on a solution where you do n't have to interact over the phone , " Mahoney said . Other private exchanges are also using their call centers as a workaround , but one official said companies are still working towards the "  holy grail , " when customers can enroll online from start to finish . In November , officials at GetInsured.com told CNN they believed they were days away from launching such a process on their site . But weeks later , company spokeswoman Andrea Riggs said the direct enrollment process is still not ready for public use even though her company has been in near-daily contact with CMS . "  We 're not going to put it in front of the consumer and make noise about it until it 's a great experience , " Riggs said . During congressional testimony on December 11 , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius pointed to direct enrollment as a viable option for those who have had trouble enrolling on HealthCare.gov , which experienced enormous problems upon its October 1 launch and was only recently brought up to speed . In response to a question from Georgia Republican Rep. John Barrow about ways consumers can enroll in insurance outside of the troubled federal website , Sebelius said that private online options were available . "  I know that the e-surance , e-health brokers have a variety of plans available , " Sebelius said . "  I ca n't tell you how broad-based that is , but I know a number of companies , you can either sign up in person with an agent or broker or sign up online . " The secretary quickly clarified that in order to check whether a consumer is eligible for a premium subsidy , private issuers had to first check in with the federal data hub . But when pushed , she assured Barrow that online exchanges were participating in the process . "  The e-health insurance folks are now engaged and involved , the brokers involved in that , " Sebelius said . "  The companies are directly involved , as well as individuals navigating on their own . " While some individual insurance companies are currently using direct enrollment to sign up new customers on their company websites , CMS officials could not point to any private exchanges successfully using the process the way it was intended . Through private exchanges , consumers can compare plans offered by multiple providers , filter them by coverage features , and even get free advice as to what kind of coverage they may need . Insurance company sites only allow consumers to choose from plans offered by that specific company . Lauer said the government is making a mistake by not making it easier for private exchanges like his company to enroll customers , calling the redirect system designed by CMS "  byzantine . " Describing himself as a supporter-turned-critic of the ACA , Lauer said at the current pace , he does n't see how the government can reach its projection of 7 million enrollees using just HealthCare.gov and 14 state-run exchanges . "  There 's absolutely no reason why we should n't be connected directly to the federal data hub , we 've got all kinds of security and requirements built into the regulation , " Lauer said , referring to the contract his company signed with CMS . "  If they want more regulations , more requirements , bring 'em on . If they want to audit us every day , come on in . " Officials from all three companies CNN spoke with acknowledged that they stand to make money from a surge in online enrollment , but they all emphasized that the advice and assistance provided by their sites is free to consumers . Private exchanges get paid by insurance companies for the customers they sign up . Meaning their service is not only free to consumers , but also to taxpayers .	Three online companies that enroll Obamacare consumers say problems persist eHealth.com CEO says process is n't even ready for testing Government officials said on conference call last month that fixes had been made One CEO says call center operators are reporting customers exasperated
Editor 's note : For 85 years , Yankee Stadium has hosted some of the greatest moments in sports . On Sunday , the Yankees will play their last game before the stadium is torn down . Former Yankee pitcher Jim Bouton played on the 1963 American League All-Star team and in two World Series . He wrote the classic baseball book , "  Ball Four , " named as one of the "  Books of the Century " by the New York Public Library , and has been a sportscaster and actor . For Bouton 's web site , click here Jim Bouton was photographed as a rookie in 1962 at Yankee Stadium , before the renovation of the ballpark . EGREMONT , Massachusetts  CNN  -- I 'll never forget my first day in The House that Ruth Built : April 9 , 1962 , the day before opening day . I made the team that spring as a non-roster player , having pitched in the Texas League  AA  the year before . And I had just turned 23 . The Yankees had scheduled an afternoon workout , but I was so excited that I could n't sleep and I drove in from my parents ' house in New Jersey at 7 in the morning . After introducing myself to a skeptical guard , he led me down two flights of stairs and through a hallway , where I was greeted by the clubhouse man Pete Sheehy  who died in 1985 and for whom the room is now named  . The Yankee clubhouse in 1962 was like a large subterranean living room . A wall-to-wall grayish green carpet muffled all sound , and the overhead lighting was subdued . Three walls of walk-in wood lockers faced a wall of large frosted windows that cast shafts of light from the street above . Everything was painted a muted gray green to match the carpet , including the exposed ductwork in the ceiling above . A cleat-dented wooden stool sat in front of each locker . And hanging in the lockers , with military precision , were the classic Yankee uniforms . "  Your locker is right here by the door , " said Pete . I could n't help smiling when I saw Whitey Ford 's nameplate just one locker away . I asked Pete if this was the same room that Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig and all those guys used . He pointed to a locker across the room where he used to bring "  a bi-carb and coffee " each day to the Babe . Pete returned to his duties and I touched my uniform reverently . With no one around , I decided to try it on . Perfect fit . I adjusted my hat in a mirror . That looked good , too . iReport.com : Share your memories of Yankee Stadium Then I grabbed my glove and went out to the field -- you know , just to get oriented . After sitting in the dugout a few minutes , I trotted out to the mound . Looking up at the three tiers of stands was like being in the Roman Coliseum . Of course , I had to toe the rubber and look in for the sign . Fortunately , at that hour of the morning , it was just me and the pigeons . What would it be like to pitch there when the stands were filled with people ? My big chance came on May 7 , 1962 , in the second game of a double-header against the Washington Senators , in front of a real crowd that included my Mom and Dad , my brothers and a whole bunch of neighbors from New Jersey . I was thrilled and scared at the same time -- maybe a little more on the scared side . I walked the bases loaded with nobody out . Then I fell behind 3 and 1 on the fourth hitter . My next pitch was a little bit high and manager Ralph Houk stepped out of the dugout - either to calm me down or remove me from the premises . But the umpire , bless him , called it a strike and Houk stepped back into the dugout . The inning seemed to last forever , but I finally got out of it and ended up pitching a complete game shutout . Maybe the worst shutout in history - 7 walks and 7 hits . After the game Houk said to me , "  any more shutouts like that and we 're going to need a new bullpen . " The best part was when I walked into the clubhouse after the game . I arrived a few minutes late because I 'd done a TV interview in the dugout . And when I opened the door , there was a path of white towels leading to my locker -- and Mickey Mantle was laying down the last towel . This is my favorite memory of Yankee Stadium . Unless it was Mantle 's 9th inning walk-off home run in '64 World Series that beat the Cardinals 2-1 , which also happened to be my first World Series win . After that it was all down hill . In 1968 a sore arm got me traded to the Seattle Pilots for a bag of batting practice balls . That 's the year I kept a diary that became Ball Four -- a book that also mentioned Mantle hitting a home run with a hangover -- which got me banned from Old Timers Day at Yankee Stadium for 28 years . My eventual return to Yankee Stadium came after my son Michael wrote a letter to the New York Times , saying the Yankees should let bygones be bygones and invite me back . It was such a beautiful letter the Yankees were embarrassed into inviting me . After 28 years , Yankee Stadium was a different place -- a strange and garish place . A makeover in 1973-75 , under the new owner George Steinbrenner , added cantilevered stands that destroyed the elegant upper façade , and exterior elevators which spoiled the view of the of the lower facade . Inside , the grayish green carpet was now bright blue and featured a giant Yankee logo . The honest ceiling with its exposed pipes was now a dropped ceiling with stark white tiles . Everything was painted blue and white -- the Yankee colors , get it ? Now , instead of restoring the stadium , they 're going to tear it down . Raze the clubhouse where Pete Sheehy made coffee for Ruth . Destroy the dugout where Stengel slept . Bulldoze the field where Mantle roamed and level the mound where Larsen pitched the only perfect World Series game . And they 're going to build an underground parking garage on the site ! This will no doubt be "  The Garage that Ruth Built " -- which could produce a reverse "  Curse of the Bambino . " If you check the current standings , you 'll see this may already be happening . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Former Yankee Jim Bouton recalls his debut at Yankee Stadium in the 1960s Bouton played alongside stars Mickey Mantle and Whitey Ford Bouton : Now the legendary sports venue is going to be torn down
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece 's top court ordered the government Monday to restart state broadcaster ERT , but only until it can set up a new media entity . The order partially overturns the government 's controversial decision last week to take ERT off the air while it creates a smaller broadcaster with fewer staff as a budget-cutting move . The court ruled a "  minimum transmission " must be restored at ERT in order to serve the public interest until the new broadcaster is ready . There was no immediate response from the coalition government , whose leaders are still holding talks on ERT 's future . The government 's decision to suspend ERT led to protests and prompted the European Broadcast Union president to urge Greece to reconsider . ERT 's TV channels and radio services were pulled off the air early Wednesday , although some employees have continued to broadcast via the Internet . ERT said the decision meant 2,656 employees would lose their jobs . Greek unions also vowed to fight the decision , which comes as the country struggles with a mountain of debt , soaring unemployment and a lengthy recession . To meet its commitments to its creditors -- the European Commission , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund -- the Greek government must dismiss 2,000 people from the wider public sector by the end of the year and 15,000 by the end of 2014 . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou reported from Athens and CNN 's Melissa Gray from Atlanta .	Greece 's top court orders the government to resume state broadcasts State broadcaster ERT will air only until a new media group is created The court partially overturns the government 's decision to suspend ERT The government 's decision was a budget-cutting move
CNN  -- The film "  Blackfish " compellingly describes many of the reasons why keeping orcas in captivity is -- and always has been -- a bad idea . The main premise of the film is that these large , intelligent , social predators are dangerous to their trainers . But orcas are also directly harmed by being confined in concrete tanks and the science is growing to support this common sense conclusion . The latest data show that orcas are more than three times as likely to die at any age in captivity as they are in the wild . This translates into a shorter life span and is probably the result of several factors . First , orcas in captivity are out of shape ; they are the equivalent of couch potatoes , as the largest orca tank in the world is less than one ten-thousandth of one percent  0.0001 %  the size of the smallest home range of wild orcas . Second , they are in artificial and often incompatible social groups . This contributes to chronic stress , which can depress the immune system and leave captive orcas susceptible to infections they would normally fight off in the wild . Third , they often break their teeth chewing compulsively on metal gates . These broken teeth , even drilled and cleaned regularly by irrigation , are clear routes for bacteria to enter the bloodstream . These are the obvious factors ; there are almost certainly others contributing to the elevated mortality seen in captivity . These factors boil down simply to this : Captivity kills orcas . Yes , they may survive for years entertaining audiences , but eventually the stressors of captivity catch up to them . Very few captive orcas make it to midlife  approximately 30 years for males and 45 for females  and not one out of more than 200 held in captivity has ever come close to old age  60 for males , 80 for females  . Most captive orcas die while they are still very young by wild orca standards . There is a win/win solution to both the trainer safety and orca welfare dilemmas facing marine theme parks around the world , including SeaWorld in the United States . These facilities can work with experts around the world to create sanctuaries where captive orcas can be rehabilitated and retired . These sanctuaries would be sea pens or netted-off bays or coves , in temperate to cold water natural habitat . They would offer the animals respite from performing and the constant exposure to a parade of strangers  an entirely unnatural situation for a species whose social groupings are based on family ties and stability -- "  strangers " essentially do not exist in orca society  . Incompatible animals would not be forced to cohabit the same enclosures and family groups would be preserved . Show business trainers would no longer be necessary . Expert caretakers would continue to train retired whales for veterinary procedures , but would not get in the water and would remain at a safe distance  this is known in zoo parlance as "  protected contact "  . And the degree to which they interact directly with the whales would be each whale 's choice . A fundamental premise of these sanctuaries , however , is that eventually they would empty . Breeding would not be allowed and captive orcas would no longer exist within the next few decades . Many wildlife sanctuaries , for circus , roadside zoo and backyard refugees , exist around the globe for animals such as big cats , elephants and chimpanzees . The business  usually nonprofit  model for these types of facilities is therefore well-established for terrestrial species and can be adapted for orcas . Wildlife sanctuaries are sometimes open to the public , although public interaction with the animals is usually minimized . A visitor 's center can offer education , real-time remote viewing of the animals , a gift shop , and in the case of whales and dolphins can even be a base for responsible whale watching if the sanctuary is in a suitable location for that activity . Marine theme parks do not need to lose out financially by phasing out orca shows ; this is a transformative proposal , not a punitive one . Creating a whale or dolphin sanctuary is not entirely theoretical . Merlin Entertainments is pursuing the establishment of the world 's first bottlenose dolphin sanctuary with Whale and Dolphin Conservation  , a nonprofit environmental group . Whale and Dolphin Conservation put together a team to determine the feasibility of such a concept and the company has now identified potential sites and is studying the infrastructure that will be needed to support a group of retired dolphins . Before the tragic death of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau in 2010 , the ethical arguments against keeping orcas in captivity came largely from the animal welfare/animal rights community , with the marine theme parks basically ignoring or dismissing their opponents as a vocal and out-of-touch minority . Now even staunch SeaWorld supporters are wondering if the time has come to think outside the  concrete  box . Furthermore , the marine mammal science community , which has long maintained a neutral stance on the question of whether orcas are a suitable species for captive display , has finally recognized the need to engage . An informal panel discussion on captive orcas is scheduled at the 20th Biennial Conference on the Biology of Marine Mammals in December , the first time this topic will be openly addressed by the world 's largest marine mammal science society . The first orca was put on public display in 1964 . The debate on whether that was a good idea -- for people or the whales -- began the next day but did n't really heat up until the 1970s . It raged mostly on the fringe for the next 25 years . It picked up steam in the mid-1990s , with the release of the film "  Free Willy " and the rehabilitation of its orca star Keiko . And now , thanks in part to "  Blackfish , " it is mainstream and consensus is building that orcas do n't belong in captivity . The marine theme parks can shift with the paradigm or be left behind -- it is up to them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Naomi A. Rose .	Naomi A. Rose is working with an entertainment conglomerate to create a dolphin sanctuary She says this business model could work for other marine theme parks , like SeaWorld Rose , a marine mammal scientist , says "  captivity kills orcas " Watch an encore of "  Blackfish " on CNN , Saturday , Nov. 2 at 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- They were orphaned and separated at a young age , victims of the devastating violence that ravaged Rwanda in 1994 . But Chance Tubane and her brother Patience Nduwawe were reunited nearly 10 years after the genocide and have now joined forces to help develop their country and link all Rwandans together . The two siblings have combined their skills in IT and communication to launch Tohoza.com , Rwanda 's top online advertisement platform . Similar to the popular Western website Craigslist , Tohoza is a web-based classified ad directory where Rwandans can post or look for job vacancies as well as buy , sell and rent just about anything -- from houses and cars to watches and shoes . Just two years after its launch , Tohoza is today the third most popular website in Rwanda , with about 9,000 visitors per day . "  We said we had to create a product that would help a lot of people , " says Nduwawe . "  What Rwandans need now is information , so we started Tohoza to deliver the most accurate and timely information to them . " Read this : 15 African tech startups to watch in 2014 Tubane says the main objective of their business venture is not to make money but to present a different , more optimistic narrative about their country . "  When you went to Google and you wrote Rwanda , you used to have all the stories about the genocide , " she says . "  But now , if you write Rwanda , you can have jobs , cars and get another image of the country -- a positive image that 's bringing hope to people . " Separation , despair , euphoria It 's this deep desire to help Rwanda overcome the legacy of conflict that 's been driving Nduwawe and Tubane 's efforts -- a sentiment rooted within their troubled past and their personal tales of loss , struggle and survival . Back in 1994 , the two siblings , along with their parents and brother , fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo to escape the violence plaguing Rwanda . But while in Goma , their mother passed away from blood loss following surgery . It was then that it was decided that it 'd be better for Tubane , who was 11 at the time , to go and live with her godmother in Belgium . Nduwawe , six years older than Tubane , stayed behind with his father and brother and continued his school education . But in 1996 , just after Nduwawe had traveled to the city of Bukavu by himself to take his university entrance exams , violence erupted in the eastern DRC , forcing his father and brother to head back to Rwanda . For Nduwawe , however , there was no escape route . Alone in a foreign country , he had to "  follow the refugee direction , " he says . "  During all those years , I was struggling in the DR Congo , " adds Nduwawe , "  without knowing if my father or my brother or my sister , were still alive -- I was without any information . " Read this : Old boat sails turned into uplifting art Back home , no one knew anything about Nduwawe or his whereabouts . His father and relatives were constantly trying to track him but their efforts were proving fruitless , since Nduwawe had found refuge in Walikale , an isolated region in eastern DRC situated in the middle of equatorial forest . The days without news turned to weeks and the weeks turned to years . As time passed by , some of his relatives lost hope -- but not his younger sister in Belgium . "  They were saying that you should forget about him because nine years is too long to hope that someone is alive , " remembers Tubane . "  But I could n't believe that ! " Tubane 's faith was rewarded in late 2003 when some relatives managed to finally trace Nduwawe in Rwanda 's neighboring country . "  When you are in the DR Congo there is a lot of misleading information , like ` in Rwanda there is no life , ' or ` once you reach there you will be killed , ' " says Nduwawe . "  But this man came with a photograph of one member of my family as a proof they 'd met each other , " he adds . "  He told me ` they need you ' so we can arrange how you can meet your family . " Convinced that his relatives were still alive , Nduwawe embarked on the dangerous journey on foot . Passing through armed militia and traveling at night , he traversed the eastern DRC 's tough terrains for one week before managing to reach Bukavu . There , a family member was waiting for him to get him back home and sadly inform him that his father had passed away a couple of months before . "  I still have , today , a picture of me where my father has written at the back saying that they 're still searching for me , " says Nduwawe . "  Even if he died , he died with that hope I 'm still alive , " he continues . Read this : Ex-refugee builds toilet paper empire "  All family members were very happy  when I came back  and I saw what we were hearing on the other side of the border was not true . " In Belgium , Tubane was also ecstatic about her brother 's return . "  It 's like a fairy tale , " she says . "  Sometimes he says , ` Chance , I know that we 're going far , because if God kept us alive , it 's for a reason , so this is why I am here and that is our story . ' " Connecting a country The two siblings have now added a new chapter to their long story with the launch of Tohoza . Currently , they are the company 's only staff -- Nduwawe , who went on to do computer courses after his return , is in charge of IT , while Tubane , an information and communications graduate , is dealing with marketing and PR . "  We have to work hard , " says Tubane , who also works full-time as an administration coordinator for a Kigali-based NGO . "  So we are , for now , the web masters , we are our own bosses , we are the ones marketing , we are the PR . Although Tohoza barely makes a profit at the moment , the two entrepreneurs have big plans for the future . By next year they aim to advance the site so visitors can navigate its information without an internet connection , using the simplest mobile phones -- over 60 % of Rwanda 's population have mobile phones , a much larger number than people with access to the Internet . Nduwawe and Tubane are exploring voice options and SMS technology as they look to grow their company . But for this brother and sister team , boosting connectivity amongst all Rwandans through their business will be the ultimate success . "  We are inspired by our parents because they taught us that nothing is impossible , " says Nduwawe . "  They were like , ` if you have an idea , go for it , there is no limit -- you just need to work hard , ' " adds Tubane . READ MORE : Hackers board the StartupBus READ MORE : ` Nigerian iTunes ' dances to mobile beat	Siblings Chance Tubane and Patience Nduwawe are the founders of Tohoza.com The online classified ad directory is Rwanda 's third most popular website The two siblings were separated for nearly 10 years in the aftermath of the Rwandan genocide They say their main objective is to provide a positive image about their country
EW.com  -- Listen up , "  Happy Endings " fans ! We have the second-best news you could ask for  behind a revival , of course  . EW has learned exclusively that VH1 has acquired all 57 episodes of the oh-so-lovable sitcom and will be airing them on Wednesdays in 2014 . Why ABC axed ` Happy Endings ' But first , the cable premiere of "  Happy Endings " will begin with a marathon of all 57 episodes starting on New Year 's Eve -- Tuesday , December 31 -- at 8 p.m. ET . The marathon will run all the way through New Year 's Day . But do n't worry : If you 've got plans to be out on the town , the marathon is only the kick-off event . "  Happy Endings " will then settle into its new time slot on Wednesdays from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. starting January 8 . ` Happy Endings ' alum Eliza Coupe to star in USA Network pilot The episodes will also be available online using VH1 ′ s TV Everywhere platforms and the VH1 app . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	VH1 has acquired all 57 episodes of "  Happy Endings " The network will run a marathon beginning New Year 's Eve The series will then air on Wednesday nights starting January 8
CNN  -- Search crews have recovered the bodies of the flight captain and a steward from the Air France flight that crashed off the coast of Brazil . A Brazilian diver floats on wreckage of Flight 447 earlier this month . The search for more debris continues . The two flight members are among the victims that have been identified , Air France said in a statement Thursday . About a dozen victims have been identified among roughly 50 bodies recovered from the crash of Flight 447 , which killed 228 people on June 1 , authorities in Brazil said this week . Crews continue to search for bodies , wreckage and flight-data recorders that apparently rest deep on the ocean floor . Data from the recorders may be crucial in helping investigators determine what caused the plane to crash . Watch more wreckage recovered from crash " Autopsies conducted on some of the 50 bodies found so far show they suffered broken bones , including arms , legs and hips , Brazilian authorities have told French investigators , according to Paul-Louis Arslanian , head of the French accident investigation board . Such injuries suggest that the plane broke apart in midair , experts have said . Asked about that theory , Air France Chief Executive Pierre-Henri Gourgeon told France 's RTL radio this week that he would not go that far . "  What I know is that the investigators would like to know the causes of death , " Gourgeon said . "  That knowledge of causes of death will better clarify what exactly happened . Were the victims killed before the impact , or during impact ? " Searchers have found dozens of pieces of debris in the water and think they know the general location of the wreck , but Arslanian said this week that there is a chance the entire aircraft may never be found . Air France plans to pay relatives of the victims an initial compensation equivalent to about $ 24,500 , or 17,500 euros , for each victim , Gourgeon has said . The airliner said this week that it has been in touch with about 1,800 relatives of the people who died when the Airbus A330 crashed , but that it has been difficult tracing the relatives of all 228 victims . "  The modern world is different and we often have only a cell phone , and as you can imagine , this cell phone is unfortunately in the aircraft , " Gourgeon said . "  So we probably  will put in  more hours to access all the relatives . " The company is also providing families with counseling , he said . The were 32 different nationalities present on Flight 447 .	Search crews recover bodies of flight captain and steward from crash All 228 people onboard flight 447 from Brazil to France were killed None of names of bodies recovered have been released at request of families
CNN  -- A court has lifted a ban on identifying a man charged with one of a number of deadly wildfires that scorched southeastern Australia this month . A dirt track runs through the burnt out forest in the Kinglake region of Victoria state . The man , 39-year-old Brendan Sokaluk , did not appear in Monday 's hearing in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court , the Australian Associated Press reported . An order banning the publishing of Sokaluk 's street address or his image remains in place . Public passions are running high in the aftermath of the fires that have killed scores of people . One T-shirt says , "  The bastards who lit Victoria 's fires should : Burn in hell . " Sokaluk is suspected of lighting a fire on February 7 . He was charged with arson causing death , intentionally or recklessly lighting a bush fire , and possessing child pornography , Victoria state police said last week . The fire Sokaluk is accused of setting killed at least 21 people in Gippsland . See map of fire-hit areas " Sokaluk 's identity had already been revealed on social networking sites before the court lifted the suppression order on his name . There were 12 Facebook groups carrying details about Sokaluk , with one attracting more than 3,600 members . Watch more on arrest " Robbie Shenton , who has joined one such group , told CNN : "  The judicial system had no right to suppress his name or photograph . " Melbourne 's Age newspaper reported Police had contacted Facebook seeking removal of Sokaluk 's details . The death toll in a string of fires across Victoria climbed to 189 on Monday , police reported . The number of fires burning had dropped to six , from about a peak of about three dozen , the Country Fire Authority said . Watch a survivor tell his story " Meanwhile , more than 150 detectives were working on the arson investigation , authorities said . The fires have destroyed more than 1,800 homes and displaced about 7,000 people . Priyanka Deladia contributed to this report .	Court lifts ban on identifying man charged with starting deadly wildfire Brendan Sokaluk , 39 , did not appear in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court Order banning publishing of Sokaluk 's address or image remains in place
American democracy faces a very real threat . The power of money is overwhelming the power of average voters to influence government decisions . While this is an old lament in politics , social scientists are now finding very concrete proof about the damage being done . The problem revolves around the way in which we fund our political campaigns . Opponents of campaign finance reform are having a field day . Over the past few years , they have watched with delight as the political parties and Supreme Court have slowly eviscerated the Watergate-era campaign finance reforms . When the Supreme Court issued decisions citing constitutional barriers to the regulation of campaign finance and independent organizations have figured out new ways to influence politicians , opponents of reform proclaim that the system is better off . At a minimum , they argue that money and lobbying has always been part of this nation 's politics : There is nothing much to do about it and the republic has survived . Their arguments ignore the horrendous consequences that the influence of private money has on our democratic system . The opponents of reform turn a blind eye toward the substantial evidence of how the nation is creating an unequal playing field that leaves many citizens virtually disenfranchised even when they retain the precious right to vote . Policies such as the tax system are skewed toward wealthier Americans , thereby worsening the cycle of inequality from which the nation ca n't seem to escape . As Elizabeth Warren recounts in her new book , the big banks had overwhelming influence as policymakers handled the crash of 2008 . At the most obvious level , the constant stories about the influence of money and lobbyists fuel public skepticism about the democratic process . The disillusionment caused by the role of money in politics discourages political participation . But the effects are even worse than we might think . In an academic article that will make heads turn , the political scientists Martin Gilens  Princeton  and Benjamin Page  Northwestern  have found that as a result of our political processes , wealthier Americans have disproportionate influence on the kinds of public policies the government enacts . Average citizens matter , but only when they are in agreement with wealthier Americans . If not , they tend to lose . Based on a sizable database of public opinion and a study of 1,779 policy initiatives over 20 years , Gilens and Page report that a majority of Americans have little or no influence on the kinds of policies that the government produces . "  When a majority of citizens disagrees with economic elites and/or with organized interests , they generally lose . " Because of the way our system works , wealthy interests have the ability to block changes that they oppose . Wealthy interests were almost 15 times as likely to obtain their preferences from policymakers on issues like tax policy as were ordinary citizens . This is the culmination of changes that have been taking place for several decades . The mobilization of business interests and wealthier Americans accelerated in the 1970s after the role of the federal government had expanded . As Paul Pierson and Jacob Hacker showed in their outstanding book , "  Winner Take All Politics , " the strengthening and thickening of the organization of the corporate and financial communities in Washington resulted in highly sophisticated lobbying operations and campaign donation techniques that enhanced their ability to influence policymakers . Over the next few decades , the result was congressional decisions such as regressive tax cuts that favored wealthier Americans  starting with Ronald Reagan 's 1981 tax cut  and economic deregulations that have favored their interests , such as freeing up the financial sector in the 1990s . At the same time that wealthier interests were mobilizing to fight against campaign finance regulations put into place after Watergate , presidential candidates in both parties , including George W. Bush  in 2000 , for the primary elections  and Barack Obama  in 2008 , for the general election  , ultimately decided to reject the publicly financed campaign system that had required them to accept spending limits . The political parties introduced new mechanisms , such as soft money , to get around regulations while the Supreme Court dismantled the 1974 reforms through a series of historic decisions . One of the most damaging results of these changes has been that the political benefits flowing to those with greater financial means worsens the economic inequality that has become such a defining part of modern times . These kinds of findings should be shocking to Americans and offer more than enough evidence about the dangers we are unleashing through the continued dismantling of the campaign finance laws and the failure to impose serious regulations on lobbying . For all the arguments about free speech and the need to compete , we should take a close look at a political system in which most Americans do n't have a voice in the process and where , even worse , the outcomes are biased toward certain segments of the nation who can pay to play . This is one issue where the left and right , as well as the slim center , can find agreement . Given Supreme Court decisions such as FEC v. Citizens United and FEC v. McCutcheon , a constitutional amendment might be necessary if there is to be any possibility of limiting contributions and spending . In the meantime , states might become the central arena for experimenting with new reforms . Unless reform takes place , Gilens and Page have shown us that the nation is allowing money to slowly undercut the democracy that built America .	A new study shows that the wealthy have far more influence than the average American Julian Zelizer says study raises disturbing questions about power of campaign money If wealthy shape policy , the inequality divide in America will only get worse , he says Zelizer : It may take a constitutional amendment , and state action , to reform system
CNN  -- Neglected by humans for almost two decades , New World Mall in Bangkok has attracted a slightly different clientele . Happily swimming among dilapidated storefronts and waterlogged escalators , koi and tilapia feast on fish food sold by enterprising locals and thrown by tourists who continue to descend on the surreal scene . Built in 1982 , the New World shopping mall survived only 15 years before trouble came calling , according to the Bangkok Post . In 1997 , the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration demolished seven of the mall 's 11 floors after it was found that the owner obtained permission for only four . The demolition , and a fire in 1999 , left the mall roofless . Open to the elements , the mall 's ground floor became a pond filled with years of accumulated rainwater -- and clouds of mosquitoes . To remedy this obnoxious and potentially hazardous problem , people in the area decided to introduce fish species known to prey on flies . And just like that , a miniature ecosystem was born in the abandoned mall . At first , there were only 10 to 20 regular visitors to the pond , local noodle vendor Jae Toom told the Bangkok Post . Toom said that most of these people were there only to feed the fish . "  But since photos of the pond were shared on Facebook last week , many more outsiders have come to visit , " said Toom . "  And that was when the BMA began to have problems with the fish pond . " On Monday , a Bangkok Metropolitan Administration official declared the building condemned and ordered barricades erected to keep the public out , the Bangkok Post reported . City officials cited health risks and structural instability as possible risks to visitors . The administration hopes to determine whether New World is safe for public use by the end of July . If the structure is deemed unsafe , the plan is to raze it and relocate its aquatic residents to a far less interesting home . A fascination with abandoned buildings 10 abandoned hotels Photographers find beauty in ` states of decay '	An abandoned mall in Bangkok is clogged with fish Facebook brought the situation into the public eye Authorities fear health and safety hazards
Washington  CNN  -- One of the first things President Obama did after Republicans seized control of the Senate was to announce his intention to seek new Congressional authority for military action against ISIS in Syria and Iraq to replace those passed more than a decade ago to wage the war on terror . The President said he would begin consultation with lawmakers on an Authorization of the Use of Military Force , or AUMF , while Democrats still control the Senate . But he added , "  it may carry over into the next Congress . " The new found enthusiasm for engaging Congress could be viewed as either olive branch to the incoming Republican Senate to answer accusations he does n't consult enough , or a belief Republicans will be more forward-leaning on granting authority that has made some members of his own party nervous . But it precludes what is sure to be a bolder role for Republicans in U.S. foreign policy . Here are some of the things to watch as Republicans take over the Senate majority in January : THE PLAYERS - The three Senate committees with oversight over foreign policy will now be chaired by Republicans . DEFENSE -- John McCain ascends Sen. John McCain is widely expected to head the Armed Service Committee . He has long sat on the committee and also been its ranking member , but this will be his first time being in charge of it . As one of the staunchest critics of President Obama 's Syria strategy , the gavel gives McCain a greater platform to push for more aggressive military action against but ISIS and President Bashar al-Assad . McCain would also play a key role in writing the defense authorization bill , which sets policies on everything from defense spending to weapons systems to military base closers . Although the appropriations committees control the purse strings , McCain would have a larger say in how the Pentagon spends its money . The Navy veteran has blasted the Pentagon about what he considers expensive , outdated and ineffective weapons systems , and is expected to be outspoken on reforming Pentagon spending , he has pressed to replace defense budget cuts under sequestration . Pentagon press secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said despite McCain 's criticism on the administration 's handling of foreign policy issues , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel enjoys a "  strong and productive " relationship with McCain . That relationship would exist despite the public ringer McCain put Hagel through during his 2013 confirmation hearings . Despite his reputation for blunt talk McCain is also known for reaching across the aisle and officials believe restoring the failed 2008 Republican presidential nominee to a position of power could see a return to the statesman-like McCain of years past . FOREIGN RELATIONS -- Corker is a deal maker Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee is likely to replace New Jersey Democratic senator Robert Menendez , who was n't seen as particularly friendly chair to the Obama administration . Corker has criticized Obama for being an "  unreliable ally " and blasted the president for withdrawing his request to launch military strikes last year . Corker also wants the administration to get tougher on Russian President Putin . Despite his conservative credentials , Corker is known for his willingness to work with Democrats on issues foreign and domestic and has a good relationship with Menendez , the current chair . During an editorial board with his hometown newspaper the Tennessean , Corker laid out a thoughtful argument for broad US engagement in the world and suggesting he would support an increase to the US foreign aid budget . INTELLIGENCE -- A fresh start with Burr Sources say Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina will likely take the gavel from Diane Feinstein , who has had a rocky relationship with CIA Director John Brennan . Their disagreement is over the agency 's meddling into a Senate investigation into Bush-era interrogation techniques and a long-awaited report on the issue . The administration could actually find a friendlier chair in Burr on the interrogations report , as well as on surveillance programs and the use of drones . He also expected to be less forceful on pushing for reform of NSA data collection called for in the wake of the Edward Snowden revelations . Burr will also likely dive into the threat posed by ISIS , including improving weak intelligence on the number of foreign fighters who may have U.S. passports . SYRIA and IRAQ -- A debate on the use of force Republicans supported President Obama 's decision to order airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria this summer . And incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Wednesday he is open to a Senate floor debate on a new authorization for the use of military force  AUMF  . Discussion is likely to intensify over what the GOP considers a tentative and ineffective campaign against the terrorist group . Republicans charge that President Obama , by not acting sooner , contributed to ISIS growth . They have argued that defeating the group now will require more boots and Special Forces on the ground , increased airstrikes in Iraq and Syria and a no-fly zone and buffer zone in Syria . Republicans also want to more forcefully confront Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . There is also sure to be scrutiny of the administration 's plan train moderate rebels . The White House has asked Congress to train 5,000 voted Syrian rebel troops to take on ISIS , and the current authorization for that program expires at the end of the year . Incoming Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Wednesday the Republicans want to revisit the discussion with the president on his strategy . That strategy could include cooperation with Iran , which would create a new sideline debate on Captiol Hill . President Obama wrote a letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader pointing out the two countries both oppose ISIS . But the ongoing and troubled nuclear talks between Iran and the West stand in the way . IRAN 'S NUKES -- Opposition to Obama 's strategy The deadline for an agreement between Western nations and Iran to curb its nuclear activities in exchange for easing some sanctions is weeks away . It 's resolution is far from certain . President Obama said Wednesday world powers presented a "  framework " to Iran for a deal . Senate Republicans are opposed to any agreement allows Iran to continue enriching any uranium and could now pass anti-Iran legislation which would effectively derail a diplomatic solution . If a deal is reached the White House could choose to bypass Congress entirely . President Obama has the authority to suspend U.S. sanctions without congressional approval , a move which could force Republicans to more forcefully confront Iran . Republican senators Corker , John McCain , and Marco Rubio have already proposed legislation that would compel President Obama to submit any deal with Iran to a full up-or-down vote , and Senator Lindsay Graham of South Carolina said he would not "  tolerate " a deal with Iran without such a measure . President Obama demurred when asked on Wednesday , saying if there was a deal on the table he would engage Congress . "  I think that we 'll be able to make a strong argument to Congress that this is the best way for us to avoid a nuclear Iran . " Democrats could also make things difficult for Obama on Iran . Proposed legislation enacting even stricter sanctions against Iran is sponsored by Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey and Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois . The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013 would expand the number of blacklisted sectors of Iran 's economy , expand the number of senior officials in Iran and penalize foreign institutions that do business with Iran 's blacklisted entities . The White House fears such legislation would push Iran away from the negotiating table , alienate it 's international partners and effectively kill the and deny President Obama what he had hoped could be one of the most important foreign policy achievements of his presidency . RUSSIA and UKRAINE -- More help for Ukraine ? There may be little practical effect of a new Republican Senate on policy toward Russia . President Obama has already taking a tough line against President Putin over his actions in Ukraine . Republicans , particularly McCain , paint Putin as a dangerous enemy who must be contained and are likely to push against any future engagement with Russia and a return to a Cold War Stance . Republicans could also increase pressure on the White House to provide arms to Ukraine to defend itself against Russian aggression and increase support for Georgia and other emerging democracies in Eastern Europe . GUANTANAMO -- More difficult to close President Obama campaigned in 2008 on closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , calling it a stain on America 's reputation around the world . Those hopes are now all but gone . Congressional restrictions prohibit the administration from spending any Pentagon money for transferring detainees for imprisonment or trail has tied the president 's hands . Republicans are the most passionate opponents of closing Gitmo and are likely to continue to thwart the closure of the facility , pressing the administration to try alleged terrorists before military tribunals . TRADE -- Possible new partners For the White House , this could be a potential silver lining of a Republican-controlled Senate . Two key trade deals are being negotiated . The Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  is an expansive free trade agreement between Asian and North and South America . The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership  TTIP  is a broad free-trade agreement between the United States and the European Union . Republicans could make those negotiations smoother by giving the president "  fast track " negotiation authority , eliminating the need for amendments Democrats are seeking on behalf of labor . While Republicans may be reluctant to hand President Obama what would be considered major accomplishments , both trade agreements could result in greater U.S. economic growth and jobs which are Republican priorities .	Obama has signaled interest in engaging Congress on the use of military force abroad Sen. John McCain will likely head the Armed Services Committee McCain and other Republicans have been critical of Obama 's foreign policy
CNN  -- Adam Scott has extended his lead to seven shots at the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida after posting a second round four-under par 68 . The Australian could n't match his course record-equaling opening round of 62 in Friday 's second round , but is firmly in the box seat not only to claim a maiden win at the event but also take over from Tiger Woods as the world No. 1 . A win for the current world No. 2 on Sunday would still leave him fractionally behind Woods in the rankings but he will assume top spot if the 14-time major champion , who is currently injured , does n't play before next month 's Masters at Augusta National . The two-year rolling points system which looks likely to hand defending Masters champion Scott the top ranking spot may not be immediately easy to understand , but the 33-year-old 's dominance at Bay Hill is clear for all to see . Scott 's two-round 14-under par total ties the 36-hole record at the course and leaves him seven clear of America 's J.B. Holmes and Chesson Hadley and Francesco Molinari from Italy . "  I think it was a pretty good way to back up a low round , " Scott said . "  It 's not easy to do that , especially around a tough course . "  And I think the first hole was key in keeping some momentum out of yesterday , making kind of a scrappy par and a good putt on the 1st to feel like I 'm heading in the right direction to start the day , " he added . "  I think you have those days like yesterday where it seems every yardage is perfect and you 've got the read on every putt and things just happen . "  And as soon as you do n't have that perfect yardage , maybe on the first few holes , the pin 's a little tucked and it 's not shaping up for you , it all becomes a lot harder . " Elsewhere , Keegan Bradley 's five-under 67 was the best of the day and lifted the American to joint fifth on six under with five other players including compatriot Brandt Snedeker and Jamie Donaldson from Wales who both shot second rounds of 71 . England 's Ian Poulter and Ryo Ishikawa from Japan are two of six players on five-under par . Read more : Woods a doubt for Augusta Read more : James Bond 's favorite bunker	World No. 2 in command at Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida Scott adds four-under 68 to opening round 62 to reach 14 under after 36 holes Australian could topple Tiger Woods as world No. 1 with a win this weekend
CNN  -- As investigators scramble to figure out who killed two Texas prosecutors , suspicions abound over whether the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas played a role . Authorities have not officially linked the two slayings , nor do they know whether the white supremacist group ordered the attacks . But a series of events leading up to the killings have raised questions about the group 's possible involvement . Here 's a primer on the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas : What is the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas ? The FBI describes the group as a "  whites only , " prison-based gang that has been operating since at least the 1980s . "  I think the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas today is arguably the most violent white supremacist prison gang out there , " said Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center . The group has been blamed for more than 100 homicides and at least 10 kidnappings since the early 1980s . Is the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas part of the Aryan Brotherhood ? No . Inmates in Texas asked the Aryan Brotherhood , a California-based prison gang , for permission to start a Texas chapter , but they were denied membership , the Southern Poverty Law Center said . It 's not clear why . Nonetheless , the Texas-based group modeled itself after the California gang . What does the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas stand for ? Like the Aryan Brotherhood , the Texas group 's main purpose morphed from protecting white inmates to criminal activities involving drugs , extortion and murders , authorities say . It also espouses a white supremacist ideology . "  At the end of the day , these organizations are really fundamentally criminal enterprises , " Potok said . "  That means , above all , their interest is in green . In money . Skin color comes long after that . " Its reach began to extend outside prison walls as more members finished their sentences . ABT members on parole are required not only to remain loyal to the gang , but also to recruit new members . "  Brutal beatings , fire bombings , drug trafficking and murder are all part of ABT 's alleged standard operating procedures , " said Lanny Breuer , a former Assistant U.S. Attorney General . Did the group play a role in the deaths of Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland and Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse ? Authorities do n't know . But McLelland 's office was one of numerous agencies involved in a multi-year investigation that led to the indictment of 34 alleged members of the ABT -- including four of its senior leaders -- on racketeering charges in November . At the time , Breuer called the indictment a "  devastating blow " to the organization . Weeks later , the Texas Department of Public Safety issued a statewide warning saying it had "  credible information " that members of the group were planning to retaliate . In an interview with The Associated Press after Hasse 's death , McLelland said his deputy had n't been involved in the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas investigation . But the district attorney nevertheless raised the possibility the group was behind the death . "  We put some real dents in the Aryan Brotherhood around here in the past year , " McLelland told the news agency . How do members join the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas ? "  It is said to be one of the gangs that live by the ` blood-in , blood-out ' code , meaning that you can only get into ABT by carrying out some kind of attack , " Potok said . "  And similarly ... you can only leave in a body bag . " CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	The Aryan Brotherhood of Texas has been blamed for more than 100 homicides Authorities have not made a clear link between the group and two prosecutors ' deaths The Kaufman County DA 's office had helped prosecute some of the gangs ' members The Aryan Brotherhood of Texas was denied membership in the Aryan Brotherhood
CNN  -- Lava from Hawaii 's Kilauea volcano engulfed a home today in Pahoa village , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . It 's the first home to be destroyed by the lava flow . The residents had long evacuated and cleared out their belongings , officials said . "  The lava spread out and ignited the house before noon local time , " said USGS spokeswoman Janet Baab . "  There are no other homes in imminent danger . We are watching the flow closely and continue to monitor it . " There is nothing residents can do about the 2,000-degree Fahrenheit river of lava that 's been inching towards their town since June 27 . While the main lava flow has been stalled for a week , a smaller side flow of lava oozed out toward the home , according to Hawaii County 's Civil Defense Agency . "  It 's very difficult for the homeowners , because it 's a stop-and-go phenomenon , " said Darryl Oliveira , the civil defense agency 's administrator . Evacuation advisories for residents down slope of the lava flow will continue as needed , officials said . Kilauea has been an active volcano since 1983 . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this story	Lava from Kilauea volcano engulfed a house , USGS says The residents had long evacuated and cleared out belongings There are not other homes nearby in any danger , officials say Officials can only watch the lava flow and warn residents
If you 're looking to hook up via your smartphone , and are n't overly concerned about looking like a snob while doing so , Luxy may be the app for you . Billing itself as "  Tinder , minus the riff-raff , " the app , launched this month for Android and in May for Apple devices , is designed to play matchmaker for the rich and beautiful -- all others be damned . "  With the rise of high-speed digital dating , it 's about time somebody introduced a filter to weed out low-income prospects by neighborhood , " said the CEO of Luxy in a media release . Who is that CEO ? Good question . A Luxy spokesman on Tuesday would only identify him as "  Tim T. " It is worth noting , perhaps , that the only written review of the app in the Google Play store on Tuesday was a 5-star entry by a user with the screen name "  Tim T. " Spokesman Darren Shuster said the decision to keep "  Tim 's " identity private is likely due to negative feedback the app has received . Luxy claims that the average income of male users is $ 200,000 . Shuster said , via email , that the team behind the app is working on an income-verification system but , in the meantime , is looking to the community to police itself . "  If you show up in a 20-year-old VW Bug , and request to meet at McDonald 's , you wo n't last very long on LUXY , " he said . "  Look , these members drive the best cars , hang out at the fanciest hotels , live in the biggest houses , wear the best clothes . It does n't take long to weed out those who belong on a different kind of dating site . " Among the app 's current users are "  CEOs , professional athletes , doctors , lawyers , investors , entrepreneurs , beauty queens , fitness models and Hollywood celebrities , " according to the media release . The app has only been downloaded between 10 and 50 times , according to Google Play . Rich people must all have iPhones  Apple does n't provide download numbers  . So , how does the app decide which well-heeled hottie is right for you ? By asking which products you like to conspicuously consume , of course . Users are asked to submit "  their five favorite luxury style brands " for consideration . Presumably , that will help track down the Mercedes-Prada-Gucci-Louboutin-Dom Perignon enthusiast you 'll want to spend the rest of your life with . Users may then scroll through profiles of others , tapping the ones they like and swiping away those that do n't meet their standards . If two users "  like " each other , the app introduces them and sets up a chat .	Luxy is a dating app that targets rich people Creators claim average man on site makes $ 200,000 a year Company 's CEO wo n't identify himself
Teena Henson 's "  journey to life " began with a newspaper ad . She remembers wishing they had an Anytime Fitness in her hometown of Gilmer , Texas . She specifically wanted to join Anytime Fitness because it is open 24/7 and is made for men and women of all levels of fitness . "  Then there was an ad in the local paper that Anytime Fitness was opening , " she said . "  It was like , ` Here it is ; it 's in your hands . Now , what are you going to do with it ? ' " Read Teena Henson 's story on iReport Determined to get herself on the right track , Henson signed up at the gym while it was still under construction . It was March 2011 ; Henson was 5-foot-4 and 332 pounds . She knew that her poor diet and inactivity were not the path to a long , healthy life . She did n't suffer from any serious health problems , but her parents and three brothers were all diabetic so she knew the potential consequences . Henson , 54 , is very close with her family . Loved ones , especially her mom , would often approach her with concerns about her health , telling her she should lose weight . "  I think the older I got , the more concerned my mom became because she knew she would n't be there to take care of me , " Henson says . "  She was my No. 1 supporter on my plan to exercise and lose weight . " In the past , Henson would put herself on diets to make everyone happy , but they would n't last long . There was an endless array of rules , from eating nothing but grapefruits to nothing but carbs , until she realized that "  diets " just were n't for her . "  For me , ` diet ' is a four-letter word for failure , " she said . What she was looking for was a lifestyle change . And not because her friends and family wanted it for her , but because she wanted it for herself . With Anytime Fitness ' hours , Henson had no trouble finding time to work out . She goes to the gym every day after work for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour . She even created a mantra : "  I have a desire to work out . I keep a determination to work out . I created a discipline to work out , and I choose to work out . " What she struggled with most was changing her eating habits . She started by cutting out soft drinks and dropped 18 pounds in the first month . Her mom , known as Mama Henson to many of Henson 's friends , cheered her on daily and was excited to see her daughter start to adopt a healthier lifestyle . "  Every day she would ask me , ` How much you lose today ? ' I would laugh and say , ` Mom , I ca n't lose every day . ' But she would tell me that I was trying and that 's all that matters , " said Henson . After cutting out soda , Henson started making healthier food choices . She continued to eat at fast food restaurants because it was convenient , switching out fried chicken for grilled , a side of fries for a side salad . By December 2011 , Henson was down 64 pounds and healthier than ever . Unfortunately , her mom 's health was deteriorating . Mama Henson had suffered several seizures and mini-strokes that severely weakened her . Henson 's healthier lifestyle would help provide the mental and physical strength she would need in the final months caring for her mother . Two months before her mother died , Henson remembers walking into the house after a workout . She had lost 100 pounds at this point . Her mother looked up at her and said , "  You 're pretty . " "  We both just started crying , " Henson said . "  I do n't have a clue why she said it ; it was a memorable moment . " Mama Henson passed away in August 2012 . Whenever Henson loses sight of why she 's working out or skipping sweets , she thinks of her mom 's smile and how much she wanted her daughter to be happy . "  I knew she was proud of me for losing the weight , " Henson said . "  I know she felt I was going to be OK now that I had lost the weight . " upwave : Try it now ! Cut back on sugar In the past year , Henson has made even more changes to her diet . She has started to eat products like quinoa , whole wheat bread and fresh vegetables . "  There was a time when you could n't have gotten broccoli anywhere near me . " But now she roasts it and includes it in her meals for the week . She cooks in bulk on the weekends , freezing meals in individual containers for during the week so she knows exactly how many calories she 's eating . She aims to eat 1,200 calories a day . In less than three years , Henson has lost 166 pounds , or 50 % of her body weight . On March 8 , she celebrated the three-year anniversary of her first step into Anytime Fitness . Losing the weight has helped her find an inner strength . It allows her to see a glimpse of the strong , accomplished woman her mother always saw . One of Henson 's passions has been participating in 5K walks for charity . Since she started working out three years ago , she has participated in five walks and recently finished one in 46 minutes , her personal best . Henson 's transformation has been so complete that her doctor , who has been monitoring her progress since she started losing weight , uses her pictures to show patients what a little determination can do . "  The smallest of changes one can make in their present lifestyle can garner big changes , " Henson said , "  not only in the physical body , but in the mind . "	Teena Henson decided to lose weight after seeing a gym ad in a newspaper Family members , especially her mom , always said Henson should lose weight Henson works out frequently and makes healthy food choices
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors took a major step Tuesday toward banning medical marijuana dispensaries in the county 's unincorporated areas . A proposal for the ban in unicorporated areas was unanimously endorsed by the county supervisors and is scheduled to be formally adopted on December 7 , officials said . The ordinance would then take effect 30 days later , officials said . Meanwhile , the Orange County Board of Supervisors also approved Tuesday , by a 4-1 vote , a first reading of an identical ban . A second and final reading is scheduled , also for December 7 , a spokeswoman said . "  Attracting crime and other nuisances , these facilities have a negative impact on the communities where they 've operated -- leading more than 100 cities and nine counties in California to pass similar ordinances , " said Los Angeles County Supervisor Michael Antonovich . "  Since many municipalities in Los Angeles County currently have either a ban or moratorium , adjacent unincorporated communities would become the obvious location of choice for dispensary operators -- creating an undue burden for residents in these areas . " Both measures address a growing number of illegally operated medical marijuana dispensaries in unincorporated areas of the two counties . Officials cited health and safety concerns , saying food products containing marijuana that are produced without regulation could contain potentially harmful ingredients , food borne disease and pesticide residue . The proposals in the first and third largest counties in California mark another setback for advocates seeking to advance marijuana into mainstream society . Earlier this month , California voters rejected a proposal to legalize the drug , though medical marijuana is legal throughout the state . The Los Angeles County ban affects unincorporated communities with a population of 1.5 million people . In Orange County , the ban would affect 119,000 people , a spokeswoman said . In 2006 , Los Angeles County revised its zoning regulations to allow for medical marijuana dispensaries . But Los Angeles County officials are now concerned about a growing number of illegally operating dispensaries . Los Angeles city officials recently began a crackdown on such illegal dispensaries within the city . Almost all Orange County cities have taken a hard line against medical marijuana dispensaries , partly because officials contend that criminal activity is prevalent near the storefronts , according to a November 17 memo by Orange County Public Works Director Jess Carbajal . No cities within Orange County allow for marijuana stores except for Laguna Woods , Carbajal said . Twenty-two cities have prohibition ordinances , and nine more have urgency moratoriums against the dispensaries , Carbajal said . Tuesday 's legislative action occurred as the National Cannabis Industry Association was formed the same day , as the first national trade group representing the interests of the multi-billion-dollar cannabis industry and its consumers . The group materialzes in the wake of Arizona voters legalizing medical marijuana this week , becoming the 15th state to do so . "  It 's hard to believe that either county would take such an action when we 're sitting in the midst of an economic depression and they 're turning down good jobs in the county -- not to mention the millions in sales taxes -- and then putting in their place vacant buildings , " said Aaron Smith , the association 's executive director . As for the illegal stores , Smith said he understood such concerns but questioned a ban to remedy the problem . "  It 's such a legitimate concern but they are using a sledgehammer approach . If they are concerned about them operating illegally , then have oversight , " Smith said .	Marijuana industry spokesman criticizes bans as "  sledgehammer approach " Orange County officials OK first reading of identical ban for their unincorporated areas L.A. County officials are concerned about illegal medical marijuana dispensaries Los Angeles city officials recently began a crackdown on such illegal shops
Washington  CNN  -- After years of planning and months of campaigning , the most expensive presidential race in history comes down to a final five-day whirlwind of speeches and television ads in the eight states still up for grabs . President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney plan to hold virtually nonstop events between now and the Tuesday election considered too close to call . The focus is on battleground states worth 95 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win . Both sides are trying to close the deal with a dwindling number of uncommitted voters , while making sure supporters actually cast ballots . That means a game of campaign chess that started Thursday , with appearances by the candidates and their surrogates as well as advertising dollars allocated to the places considered most vital to success . Concluding a race expected to cost more than $ 6 billion overall , Obama and Romney and their running mates will hit all the battleground states -- Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Ohio , New Hampshire , Nevada , Virginia and Wisconsin . The campaigns also are unloading a blast of television ads and mailings that threaten to overwhelm voters already saturated with politicking . Obama , Romney paths to victory cross in Iowa Perhaps no one said it better than 4-year-old Abigael Evans of Fort Collins , Colorado , who -- according to NPR -- cried after listening to more election coverage on the radio and told her mother : "  I 'm tired of Broncobama and Mitt Romney . " In a sign of the strategic maneuvering at hand , Romney surrogates and super-PACs supporting him are targeting two states considered likely to go for Obama -- Michigan and Pennsylvania . On Thursday , Romney ' s campaign announced he will visit Pennsylvania on Sunday , a major commitment that signaled it believes he can win the Keystone State . His running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , will campaign in Pennsylvania on Saturday . According to Romney 's team , both Pennsylvania and Michigan are in play due to what it calls a surge of momentum that emerged after the first presidential debate on October 3 , which analysts and polls scored a solid victory for the former Massachusetts governor over a lackluster Obama . In response , the president 's campaign pointed to his lead in polls in both states and argued the money and time spent in them by the Romney campaign amounts to a bluff to try to depict nonexistent momentum . Republican candidates claiming late momentum made a final push in Pennsylvania in the last five elections , and lost the state every time , according to the Obama team . At the same time , Obama 's camp and supporting groups have devoted some new attention to both Pennsylvania and Michigan , which are crucial to the president 's strategy for nailing down the electoral advantage . In an example of the advertising battle , a Romney campaign ad broadcast this week in Florida seeks to link Obama to Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez and Cuba 's Fidel Castro -- leftist leaders reviled by much of the state 's Cuban American population . The ad spotlights endorsements from Chavez and Mariela Castro , the niece of Fidel , who both said they would vote for Obama if they could . While non-Cuban Latinos overwhelmingly support Obama , according to polls , Romney and Republicans hold an advantage among more conservative Cuban-Americans . Another Romney ad released Thursday attacked Obama 's suggestion in an interview with MSNBC that he would consider consolidating government agencies under a new "  secretary of business " in a second term . The ad portrayed the comment as more big government , saying Obama 's "  solution to everything is to add another bureaucrat . " Romney echoed the ad in his first stop Thursday in Virginia , ending a temporary cease-fire in direct political attacks this week due to Superstorm Sandy by saying , "  we do n't need a secretary of business to understand business , we need a president who understands business and I do , and that 's why I 'll be able to get this economy going . " In America : Parallels to country 's racist past haunt age of Obama The Obama campaign , meanwhile , released new television and radio ads that featured the endorsement for the president by former Secretary of State Colin Powell , a Republican . The ads to run in the battleground states , as well as North Carolina , include Powell supporting achievements of Obama 's first term . Another Obama ad took aim at an earlier Romney spot that implied Chrysler was shifting Jeep manufacturing from the United States to China , a claim denied by the automaker . The Obama campaign said the ad will run in Michigan and Ohio , two big auto industry states . Both candidates sought to balance their campaign stump speeches between longstanding criticism of each other with positive messaging meant to inspire voters to choose them . The challenge is to pick up any remaining undecided voters while motivating all bona fide supporters to either cast votes early or head to the polls on Tuesday . For Obama , that means overcoming disappointment with continuing high unemployment and sluggish economic recovery during his presidency . "  These are the last five days of his last campaign -- ever , " noted Obama campaign spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki . "  So you will hear many of the themes , much about the fight that he 's been waging throughout his ... career in public life on behalf of the middle class . " At his first stop Thursday in Green Bay , Wisconsin , the president told a cheering crowd on the airport tarmac that Romney is trying to sell failed Republican policies that helped cause the financial collapse of 2008 as forward progress . "  He is saying he is the candidate of change , " Obama said . "  Well , let me tell you Wisconsin -- we know what change looks like and what the governor is offering sure ai n't change . " Pointing to his own record of health care reform , Wall Street reform and other steps he said were intended to strengthen the middle class , the president told his supporters they know real change when they see it . Romney and Republicans were counting on the American people to be "  so worn down by all the squabbling , so tired of all the dysfunction that you will actually reward obstruction and put people back in charge who advocate the very policies that got us into this mess , " Obama said . "  In other words , their bet is on cynicism , " he added . "  But Wisconsin my bet is on you . My bet is on the decency and good sense of the American people because despite all the resistance , despite all the setbacks , we have won some great fights . " Maria Cardona , a Democratic strategist and CNN contributor , said she expected similar attacks on Romney in the final days of the race . Poll shows Obama edge in Iowa , New Hampshire and Wisconsin Referring to the Republican challenger , Cardona said "  the dissonance between what he is saying now , what he has said in the past , and what his policies will actually do is something that voters are going to continue to hear about from the Obama campaign and their surrogates , as they should . " Vice President Joe Biden followed that script Thursday , telling an Iowa crowd that Obama "  says what he means and he means what he says , and no one can say that about Gov. Romney . " Earlier , Romney told cheering , sign-waving supporters in Roanoke , Virginia , that Obama 's policies have failed to bring the kind of economic growth the nation should be experiencing , asking if people wanted "  four more years like the last four years " with high unemployment , trillion-dollar deficits and political gridlock in Washington . "  I know that the Obama folks are chanting four more years , four more years . But our chant is this -- five more days , " he said . He also accused the Obama campaign of "  shrinking to smaller things " through personal attacks against him . His speech included now familiar references to offering a new direction for the country in what has been a more positive and personal touch for a candidate considered aloof and wooden during the Republican primaries . "  It 's exactly what he needs to do these last few days of the campaign -- get his base enthused , get them out to work , " said Ana Navarro , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . "  It 's all about the ground game right now . " While Romney has been unable to overtake Obama so far in most swing state polls , some of the polling data suggests the president could be vulnerable . For example , an NBCNews/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released Thursday showed voters under 30 in New Hampshire -- an important demographic for the president -- were less enthusiastic about the election than older demographics that tend to be more supportive of Romney . Obama needs to repeat his strong support in 2008 from young voters as well as minority voters -- especially Latinos and African-Americans -- to win on Tuesday , and that means making sure the turnout on Election Day is as large as possible . Compounding the turnout issue are logistical problems along the East Coast due to the devastation by Sandy , and expected legal issues including tightened voter eligibility standards in some states that Democrats complain were intended to suppress the minority vote . Do the math : CNN Electoral Map CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Simon Hernandez-Arthur , Ashley Killough , Paul Steinhauser , Robert Yoon , Rachel Streitfeld , Jim Acosta and Shawna Shepherdc contributed to this report .	Romney and running mate Paul Ryan to campaign in Pennsylvania President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney target battleground states in final days The focus is on turning out the vote and persuading the dwindling undecideds The campaigns compete with speeches and ads in states still up for grabs
CNN  -- Zara married for love , against her family 's wishes , more than a decade ago in the Middle East . Shortly after the marriage , she and her husband , along with their two children , moved to Britain for work . There , she says , her husband began to drink , heavily . He became violent , holding a knife to her throat , she says . "  He started raping me , which affected me mentally , lots of stress and the relationship between me and my sons . I could n't speak out because I learned that to speak out against your husband to anyone outside , it is big shame . " "  So , I was struggling between eastern culture with what I learned and western culture where I should live freedom , equality , justice . I found it difficult . " She still finds it difficult . Zara is not her real name . She spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity , saying she fears for her life . During her marriage , she says , the violence continued . She showed CNN police reports she eventually filed , but she decided not to pursue a case , and her husband was never charged . Roughly eight years into the marriage , she ran away and met another man . She decided to ask for a divorce . Opinion : Condemn the powerful elite over ` honor ' murders "  I told him I want a divorce . I do n't want to cheat on you . The relationship is broken . I said , all I want is relationship with my sons . " She says her husband initially agreed but insisted they both go back to their home in the Middle East , to explain to their families . "  He gathered all his family in his house . And I was shocked to see 60 or 70 people at his house . His mother called me by very bad names . She called me a prostitute in front of my sons . "  I remember when my mother-in-law looked at my face and held my sons in her hands , big hands . She told me : ` My son is a doctor . You should hold your head up . Who are you to cheat on my son ? Who are you ? ' "  After that , she told me : ' I will look after them , you do n't deserve to be a mother . And my sons were looking at me . ' " Then , Zara says , her husband issued a death sentence , calling her father in the neighboring town , demanding she be killed for dishonoring her family -- an "  honor " murder . "  He told my father , if you are a man , clean your shame . If you are a man , kill your daughter . " Her sister warned her not to return home , she says . But she called her father to hear his voice one last time . "  He told me : ' I miss you , I want to see you . ' He did n't tell me what he heard from my husband -LSB- about ordering her death -RSB- . Because he knows I would run away . I was scared . He said ` come , I want to protect you . ' " Zara was ready to flee her home in the Middle East . But she decided to see her father one last time , even though she knew it might have been a trap . A part of her , she says , almost wished for death . "  I felt rubbish . Just rubbish ! I wanted to die . I wanted to disappear because I did n't want my father , or my brother , or my cousin to kill me . My son will carry my shame . "  My father told my mother : ` The problem , I know , she did n't cheat on her husband . The problem is she brought us shame , shame that can not even be cleaned by blood . I know she 's innocent . But we ca n't clean this shame . " Faced with this impossible choice , Zara says her father realized he had no alternative . ` Honor ' murderer boasts of triple killing "  My father sent me away because he knew that I would be killed by my uncles or my cousins . There is no other option . He does n't want to get rid of me . But he wants to get rid of shame ... that I brought my family because of my stupidity , to be honest with my husband that I love another man . That 's my crime . " So Zara 's father banished her from their home in the Middle East and sent her back to Britain . Meanwhile , Zara 's husband filed for divorce in the Sharia court of the couple 's hometown in the Middle East . This meant she was separated from her children , she says , without her knowledge or consent . Much of Zara 's story is hard to verify with her former husband . CNN has seen court documents and her applications for asylum , but Zara 's case workers with a British women 's aid agency say we can not ask her husband for a response , for fear it may trigger a violent reaction . Zara has not returned to the Middle East since leaving five years ago . When she left , her sister wrote to her imploring her never to return . "  It will be your grave , " she wrote . Zara has now gained residency in Britain and has chosen to leave Islam , a decision that has cut her off from her children , who are now teenagers . When she last spoke to them , she says they told her they wanted no more contact with her . "  They do n't want to hear my voice . It was very painful to hear that . I felt like I got divorced twice : From a husband and my sons . I 'm not angry with them . I do n't know . But I 'm tired . I 'm tired of culture and religion . I 'm very tired to be a woman . I 'm very tired to be a mother . " She is defiant when asked if she believes she will see her sons again . "  I gave birth to my sons and I am a mother . I will not give up my right as a mother . I will fight until the end . They will be proud of me and I will be proud of them . I am sure about this . " Zara says she does not hate her husband or her own relatives , even though she still fears they may kill her for bringing shame on the family . She sees them all as victims -- like her -- of a brutal , unrelenting tradition , one that leading Muslim thinkers insist has no place in Islam . British court convicts parents in ` honor ' murder	One woman , "  Zara , " describes aftermath of her decision to ask her husband for divorce Zara says her husband gathered up to 70 family members to home in Mideast There Zara says her mother-in-law insulted her , husband issued death sentence CNN unable to speak to her husband for fear it may trigger a violent reaction
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal is known as an iron man on the tennis tour but even he gets tired . After long semifinal matches in Chennai in 2008 , Madrid in 2009 and at the World Tour Finals in London in 2010 , fatigue likely played a factor in the Spaniard losing the next day . Nadal was on court for nearly three hours on Saturday against Pablo Andujar at the inaugural Rio Open but this time he recovered to win the finale , defeating tricky Ukrainian Alexandr Dolgopolov 63 76  3  for a 43rd title on clay and 62nd overall . The latter tally placed him in a tie for seventh with Guillermo Vilas . It was Nadal 's first tournament since the Australian Open , having skipped Buenos Aires last week with the back complaint that surfaced in the Melbourne final against Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka . "  Pablo played a great match , playing very aggressive , " Nadal told the ATP 's website . "  I played too short and I gave him the chance to have control of the point . "  Today I was able to play with a little bit more calm , play a little bit longer and go a little bit more for the points . I played a more solid match . " Dolgopolov likely needed a good start to upset the so-called ` King of Clay ' but instead trailed 4-1 in about 20 minutes . Having never broken Nadal in four previous matches , there seemed to be no hope for the world No. 54 when the 13-time grand slam winner tried to serve out proceedings in the second set . However , Nadal faltered and was forced into a tiebreak . On this occasion , it was more straightforward than on Saturday , when he saved a pair of match points against countryman Andujar . Dolgopolov -- who stunned French Open finalist David Ferrer in the semifinals -- struck a double fault early and was unable to engineer another comeback . "  As usual , he was spinning his forehand , making a lot of trouble to hit flat and I could n't really get used to his serve much , only at the end of the match , " Dolgopolov said . "  But I 'm quite happy with the week . "	Rafael Nadal sees off Alexandr Dolgopolov to win the inaugural Rio Open Nadal overcomes a blip in the second set to prevail 63 76 on Sunday It was Nadal 's first tournament since hurting his back at the Australian Open The ` King of Clay ' boosts his title haul on the sport 's slowest surface to 43
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- The sound of gunfire , confusion , a lockdown and then an evacuation . Witnesses , students and parents told frightening stories Friday about a school shooting that police say left six adults and 20 children dead . Many details of the attack were still unfolding , but the sight of dozens of emergency vehicles and police spread across the wooded campus made it clear Sandy Hook Elementary School has become the nation 's latest infamous crime scene . For now , evacuated children are being comforted and reuniting with their parents at a nearby firehouse where , outside , an American flag flies at half-staff . There , couples enter and exit , some leaving without children and walking silently and tearfully past a nearby cemetery . One couple , escorted by firefighters seemed especially shaken -- eyes bloodshot and lips trembling -- stricken by the events of a clearly devastating day . In the hours following the morning attack , parents rushed to the school after first hearing the news . They reunited with their children , clutching them and then hurrying away . Support crucial for kids after trauma Lynn Wasik wrapped her arms around her 8-year-old daughter , Alexis , cloaked against the cold in an oversized jacket . The girl described her ordeal after police and teachers barged into her third-grade classroom and ordered her and her classmates to hide in a corner . "  Everybody was crying , " Alexis said . "  And I just heard the police officers yelling . " Her mother said she first learned about the emergency through an automated phone call message . She said the message was n't clear about the school where the incident had occurred . In a panic , she raced to Sandy Hook , eventually finding Alexis unharmed . "  My heart is in a million pieces for those families , " said Lynn Wasik . "  Who could do something like this ? It 's just sickening . " Slain principal worked to keep students safe Like Wasik , other parents wrapped their arms around their children as they hurried away from the scene . The FBI presence became much more evident in the afternoon . Several federal officers in tactical gear were coordinating with state and local law enforcement . Officers from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives arrived to join the investigation . "  I was in the gym at the time , " student Brendan Murray told CNN affiliate WABC . "  I heard screaming and I thought a custodian was knocking down things . Police came in , teachers yelled to get to a safe place . Police were knocking on the doors -- police were at every door , leading us down , quick , quick . " Brendan said he later joined classmates and ran to the firehouse "  really quick . We were all really happy that we were all alive . " At the firehouse , counselors such as Rabbi Shaul Praver lended a hand to help the traumatized . Some suffered from "  terrible anxiety , " Praver told CNN . "  It 's very hard to console parents in this situation , " he said . "  There 's no theological answer to this . What you have to do is hug them and just be with them and cry with them . " ` Hope my mom is ok ' : Tweets from the shooting ` Why ? Why ? ' Teary-eyed parents continued to emerge from the firehouse . Some were talking on cell phones , using words like "  chaotic " and "  devastating . " Others were openly weeping into their phones as they walked up a wooded roadway leading away from the school . "  Why ? Why ? " one woman cried as she walked away . Earlier , a woman who lives near the firehouse described seeing "  a bunch of children with a bunch of adults " apparently evacuating toward a nearby park . "  I seen five children running up through our back field , " the woman told CNN . "  And by God , those poor little guys were running . " Temperatures were n't far above freezing at the time of the evacuation . Adults led children away from the school . Many of the kids wore no coats and were dressed in brightly colored clothing . They marched in a line -- one behind another -- with their hands resting on the shoulders of the children in front of them . How do we stop the violence ? ` Pop , pop pop ' Children and adults shared their versions of the attack . One parent who was inside the school at the time of the shooting described hearing a "  pop , pop , pop , " sound around 9:30 a.m. . In the room with her were the school 's principal , vice principal and the psychologist . All three left the room and went into the hall to see what was happening . The parent ducked under the table and called 911 . "  I cowered , " she told CNN 's Meredith Artley . The shooter "  must have shot a hundred rounds . " Later the parent said she saw two adults lying dead in the hallway , in a pool of blood . Although school shootings have become sadly familiar in 21st century America , violence is not common in this picturesque 300-year-old town of about 27,000 . "  I ca n't believe -- in a small town like this -- we 've never had anything like this happen , " a father of a Sandy Hook student told local CNN affiliate WTNH . "  I was pretty shaken up . I did not know who or what happened . " "  It does n't seem possible , " said another parent . "  You have something happen so close to home . ... I guess I 'm still in shock . " Timeline : School violence in the U.S. . At the Stone River Grill , just a few blocks away from Sandy Hook , residents sat quietly watching TV news announce every dark detail of the tragedy . "  It 's insane , " said grill employee Jill Richelsoph . "  This is a really nice community . We 've never had anything like this . " Surrounded by restaurant co-workers Richelsoph shared a conversation she had with a friend whose 5-year-old daughter attends Sandy Hook . "  She 's really shaken up right now , " said Richelsoph . "  I do n't know how she 's ever going to bring her daughter back to that school . " Also at the restaurant was Tracy Ryan , who teaches at another elementary school . Newtown 's schools , she said , have helped to attract new residents from different parts of the state . "  People move here for the school system , " she said . "  It 's got great schools . I 'm just totally speechless . " "  My heart goes out to those families . " Just a few weeks ago Newtown -- about 60 miles outside New York City -- was recovering from Hurricane Sandy , which downed trees and knocked out power to most customers . A year before , residents suffered through Hurricane Irene . People are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting . What are your thoughts ? Share them with CNN iReport . CNN 's David Ariosto and Susan Candiotti reported from Newtown , Connecticut , Terry Frieden and John King reported from Washington and Thom Patterson and Meredith Artley reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Couples depart counseling center obviously shaken You have to hug them and cry with them , says rabbi comforting victims ` It 's insane , ' says Newtown , Connecticut , resident . ` We 've never had anything like this ' A woman inside the school during the shooting describes "  pop , pop , pop "
CNN  -- Russian authorities are stepping up security after a threat of violence at Madonna concerts this week , the U.S. Embassy in Moscow warned . "  The U.S. Consulate General in St. Petersburg has received information regarding a threat of physical violence against spectators and performers at the St. Petersburg concert on August 9 , " the embassy said in a statement Tuesday . State Department officials did not provide details about the reported threat targeting Madonna 's Thursday show . "  U.S. citizens are reminded to remain vigilant regarding their personal security , and to be aware of their surroundings at all times , especially in crowded areas , " the embassy said . Madonna 's spokeswoman Liz Rosenberg said the singer was aware of the threat and the embassy 's warning . "  Concerts are going on as scheduled , " Rosenberg said . Madonna performed Tuesday night at a packed Moscow stadium , where she expressed her support for the Russian female punk rock band Pussy Riot , whose members face up to seven years in prison for performing a song critical of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Madonna said she was praying for the three band members , who went on trial Monday charged with hooliganism , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . A verdict was reached in their case Wednesday but it wo n't be announced until August 17 . "  Everyone has the right to free speech , everywhere in the world . Maria , Katya , Nadia , I pray for you , " Madonna said at Tuesday 's concert , according to RIA Novosti . "  They did something brave with their action . And I am praying for their freedom . " "  Are you with me ? " Madonna shouted . According to the state news agency , thousands of fans cheered , "  Yes ! " Music stars including Pete Townshend of The Who , Alex Kapranos of Franz Ferdinand and Corinne Bailey Rae have also called on Russia to free the band members . Pussy Riot specializes in sudden , often illegal public performances , including one in Moscow 's Red Square . In February , they screamed "  Mother Mary please drive Putin away " during a concert inside Christ Savior Cathedral , one of Moscow 's grandest cathedrals , outraging many of the country 's faithful . The punk prayer was inspired by the women 's anger about the relationship between the Russian government and the Orthodox Church , according to the band 's manager , who is married to one of the suspects . The Orthodox leader Patriarch Kyril has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . CNN 's Rachel Wells , Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva , Elise Labott and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : A verdict will be announced later in the case of a jailed punk rock band A threat about a St. Petersburg concert prompts the embassy 's warning A spokeswoman for the singer says concerts are going on as scheduled Madonna performs before crowds in Moscow , supporting jailed punk rockers
In Egypt prominent liberals are now supporting a military-backed government overseeing a resurgence of post-Mubarak authoritarianism . Since the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy on July 3 , those few remaining true to basic principles have found themselves marginalized as the goals of the 2011 revolution are squandered by the military . Many of the self-identified liberals who filled the streets of downtown Cairo on June 30 demanding Morsy 's resignation justified their actions by pointing to a broken political system and the absence of democracy . In the eyes of protesters , Morsy used his electoral victory as a free pass to enforce an authoritarian style of government which denied its people basic human rights , supervised an increase in sectarian violence , and prioritized a regional Islamist agenda over the basic needs of the Egyptian people . Although these same "  liberals " described their revolution as democracy in action , a considerable number of them have since supported the increasingly authoritarian decisions of the interim government which followed . The targets of these actions expand beyond the Muslim Brotherhood to a comprehensive swath of Egyptian society as journalists and activists are detained , satirical programs are canceled by private networks , and the constitutional drafting committee proposes laws meant to restrict freedom of expression and NGO operation . Egypt 's armed forces , the driving force behind these events , has simultaneously amended its oath to renounce loyalty to the elected president and sought after immunity for its top leaders . Egypt 's liberals have responded to these moves with outward support on numerous occasions . Perhaps most disheartening is the explicit praise and backing coming from leaders of Egypt 's National Salvation Front  NSF  , a liberal-left coalition formed in opposition to Morsy 's authoritarian rule . Current NSF leader and former Secretary General of the Arab league , Amr Moussa , presently chairs the same constitutional drafting committee unable to scale back military authority and secure basic civil liberties while Wafd party leader and NSF stalwart El-Sayyid el-Badawi , recently stated that the NSF will endorse General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi 's prospective presidential bid . Much of NSF 's leadership has also supported the interim government 's violent dispersal of sit-ins at Rabaa el-Adawiyya and el-Nahda , an event which claimed the lives of hundreds of Egyptians . More recently , the same supposed bedrock of Egyptian liberalism failed to condemn a court ruling that disbanded the Muslim Brotherhood and a constitutional provision granting the military immunity . On the surface , the predicament of liberals seems illogical . What would drive a high-ranking , liberal public official to back such a flagrant disregard for civil liberties and transparent government ? The answer lies within the Egyptian electorate . Since January 2011 , liberals have failed to instill their values within the political ideology of Egypt 's voters . AMANPOUR BLOG : Egypt not on a ` proper path to democracy , ' suggests Egypt deputy PM In fact , since the revolution , more than two-thirds of the votes across parliamentary elections , the constitutional referendum , and the presidential election have gone to representatives of political Islam . Former presidential candidates , Hamdeen Sabahi and Amr Moussa , who captured roughly 20 % and 11 % of the vote respectively , are now opting for a new strategy : "  If you ca n't beat them , ban them . " The Muslim Brotherhood and its allies within political Islam can not be beat fair and square so liberals are now opportunistically working with the military to efface them from Egyptian life . The result is a man-made political landscape handcrafted to undemocratically meet the needs of the country 's most powerful liberals . The events following June 30 have rendered Egypt an inoperable landscape for the few citizens pursuing the genuine aims of liberalism . The isolated voices of figures such as Mohamed ElBaradei and Amr Hamzawy , who have spoken out against the interim government 's authoritarian tactics have been shunned by their "  liberal " brethren working in concert with the military 's government . Consider ElBaradei , former interim vice president and director-general of the International Atomic Energy Agency . A strong proponent of liberalism , ElBaradei expressed vehement disagreement with the interim government 's plan to employ violence to crack down on Brotherhood protesters on August 14 . Remaining loyal to his principles , ElBaradei resigned from his position when the interim government moved forward with this decision . In the meantime , "  liberals " backing the government harshly criticized ElBaradei while his own Constitution Party filed a lawsuit against him . On July 31 , Hamzawy , a prominent political scientist , former member of parliament , and head of the Egypt Freedom party thrashed his fellow "  liberals " in Egypt 's daily Al-Shorouk for betraying their principles in support of the military . His article was met with strong criticism and personal attacks . When fabricated headlines told of a relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood and the United States , he responded to rumors on his Twitter account , warning that the current regime was working to silence pro-democracy voices . We are now seeing a brand of liberalism in Egypt which does little to serve its own values and principles . Disenchanted onlookers and advocates of the goals of Egypt 's 2011 revolution look on as so-called liberals work with the military to supervise the resurgence of authoritarianism . An Egypt which serves the interests of Bread , Freedom , and Social Justice can not exist without a pluralistic society participating in an inclusive democracy , the principles of which struggle to survive within the minds of a powerless minority . GPS BLOG : Egypt 's growing militant threat ?	Egyptian liberals are supporting post-Mubarak authoritarianism , write Elmenshawy and Kotb They are backed by leaders of the Egypt 's National Salvation Front  NSF  , they say Elmenshawy and Kotb : Liberals have failed to instill their values within the ideology of voters Liberals are working with the military to efface the Muslim Brotherhood , they write
CNN  -- Most beer guts are the result of consuming fermented brew , but a new case study describes a rare syndrome that had one man 's gut fermenting brew , not consuming it . It 's called gut fermentation syndrome or auto-brewery syndrome , and it 's "  a relatively unknown phenomenon in Western medicine " according to a study published in July 's International Journal of Clinical Medicine . "  Only a few cases have been reported in the last three decades " according to Dr. Barbara Cordell , the dean of nursing at Panola College in Carthage , Texas , and Dr. Justin McCarthy , a Lubbock gastroenterologist , the study 's authors . The most current case comes courtesy of an unnamed 61-year-old Texas man who for five years seemed to be drunk -- all of the time . His wife , a nurse , began to give him breathalyzer tests . Even when he had n't been drinking at all , his blood alcohol content was as high 0.40 -- five times the legal driving limit -- according to the study . But the medical community was largely unaware of Gut Fermentation Syndrome then , so the patient was n't always believed . In 2009 he was admitted into an emergency room on a day he had n't had a sip of alcohol and blew a 0.37 . "  The physicians were not aware of any way that a person could be intoxicated without ingesting alcohol and therefore believed he must be a "  closet drinker , " the paper says . Finally , after a 24-hour observation period at a gastroenterology practice in 2010 -- one in which he saw no visitors and underwent a battery of tests -- doctors figured out what was ailing him : His stomach was turning food into booze . "  The underlying mechanism is thought to be an overgrowth of yeast in the gut whereby the yeast ferments carbohydrates into ethanol . " After a regimen of antifungal medication , his yeast was in check , and he was registering zeroes on the breathalyzer . The authors conclude their paper by imploring their colleagues in the field to take gut fermentation syndrome seriously . "  This is a rare syndrome but should be recognized because of the social implications such as loss of job , relationship difficulties , stigma , and even possible arrest and incarceration , " the authors write .	Texas man was inexplicably drunk without ingesting alcohol , case study says His wife started giving him breathalyzer tests ; he would register as high as 0.40 Observation by doctors showed that a yeast overgrowth in his gut fermented food , made alcohol The condition is called gut fermentation syndrome and is fairly rare , authors say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Bobby Brown pleaded no contest Wednesday to driving with a blood alcohol content of .08 % or higher and was sentenced to 36 months of probation , his attorney said . The charge to which he pleaded no contest is a violation of the California vehicle code , the attorney said . In Los Angeles County Superior Court , prosecutors dismissed two other counts against him -- a drunk driving charge and a suspended driver 's license charge -- said Brown lawyer Tiffany Feder . Brown was also sentenced to one day in jail -- which he already served -- and must undergo a 90-day alcohol treatment program , Feder said . Brown did n't appear in court , Feder said . Brown , 43 , showed signs of intoxication and failed a field sobriety test during the traffic stop last month in the Reseda area of Los Angeles County , California , Highway Patrol spokeswoman Tiana Reed said . Brown is the ex-husband of the late singer Whitney Houston .	Singer pleads no contest to driving with blood alcohol content .08 % or higher Prosecutors dismiss two other charges against him He must undergo a 90-day alcohol treatment program He failed a field sobriety test during a California traffic stop last month
CNN  -- The Shanghai skyline is a telltale  and tall  sign about where the Chinese city is going -- and where it 's been . With the 128-floor Shanghai Tower , set for completion this year , and the 1,500-foot-tall Oriental Pearl Tower , the city clearly has one foot firmly planted in economic boom . In the alleys beneath , where street vendors hawk sweet , savory , sour and umami-rich treats , the city is firmly entrenched in centuries-old traditions . See more food news , culture and downright deliciousness on Eatocracy Shanghai is the most populous city in China , and the fastest growing . According to the Hurun Wealth Report 2014 , it also boasts 159,000 millionaires with a new taste for global influence and luxury . Shanghai is one of the country 's largest markets for imported wines , and China recently surpassed the French in red wine consumption , according to the International Wine and Spirit Research company . The cuisine in Shanghai is hard to pinpoint , as its location as a port city on a tributary of the Yangtze River has made it a city of immigrants with the Jiangsu province to the north and the Zhejiang province to the south . Shanghai 's most famous dish is perhaps xiao long bao , or soup dumplings . Often filled with a combination of pork and shrimp , the concealed pork-laden broth can warm you through-and-through , or burn the first layer of skin from your esophagus if consumed too hastily . Lee Anne Wong , a second generation Chinese-American chef , has a knack for finding and recreating street food favorites like these , as demonstrated in her recent Cooking Channel special "  Food Crawl . " "  These dumplings take a whole day or two to make , so get the soup stock going first . By sundown , you 'll have fresh soup dumplings in the comfort of your own home -- what I consider to be one of the true secret keys to happiness , " Wong says . Pork and crab soup dumplings Makes 40 dumplings Reprinted with permission by Page Street Publishing from "  Dumplings All Day Wong " by Lee Anne Wong . For the soup gelatin : 2 lb  900 g  chicken wings and/or feet 8 oz  225 g  pork belly , with skin 4 oz  115 g  Chinese ham or bacon 8 cups  2 quarts  water 3 whole scallions , minced 1 "  2.5 cm  piece ginger , thinly sliced 3 cloves garlic , lightly crushed 2 Tbsp  30 ml  Shaoxing rice wine , chilled 1 Tbsp  15 ml  soy sauce For the filling : 8 oz  225 g  ground pork 4 oz  115 g  crabmeat , cleaned and picked through , or shrimp , peeled , deveined and minced 1/2 cup  25 g  minced scallion , white and green parts 2 Tbsp  30 ml  soy sauce 1 Tbsp  15 ml  Shaoxing rice wine 1/2 Tbsp  7.5 ml  sesame oil 2 tsp  10 g  sugar 1 tsp  5 g  salt 1 tsp  5 g  finely grated ginger 1/4 tsp ground white pepper To make the soup gelatin : Rinse the chicken and pork under cold water , then pat dry with paper towels . Using a large knife or cleaver , chop the chicken wings and feet in half to expose the bone . Dice the pork belly and ham into large chunks . Combine with the water , scallion , ginger and garlic in a large stockpot . Bring the water to a boil and then reduce to a rolling simmer . Skim the foam and impurities that rise to the surface of the stock for a clearer broth . Cook the broth for 2Â 1/2 hours . Strain the stock through a fine-mesh sieve or colander lined with a lint-free towel into a clean pot . Discard the solids  or pull the braised meat from the wing bones and chop and use for dumpling filling , stir-fry , salad , stew or sandwiches  . Place the strained broth back on the burner . Add the wine and soy sauce . Bring the broth to a rolling simmer and reduce until you only have 2 cups  475 ml  of liquid remaining . Pour the soup into a shallow baking dish . Allow the soup stock to cool enough to stop steaming , then cover and place in your refrigerator . Chill the stock for several hours , until it is completely cold and set , like Jell-O . Using a fork , scrape up the gelatin and gently mash it to break it up into small pieces . To make the filling : Combine the ingredients in a bowl . Mix well . Stir in the soup gelatin until it is well distributed . Cover and refrigerate the filling . For the dough : 2 cups  200 g  packed all-purpose flour 1 cup  235 ml  boiling water 1 Tbsp  15 ml  sesame oil To make the dough : Place the flour in a bowl and make a well in the center . Pour the boiling water and sesame oil into the center of the well and stir with a fork or pair of chopsticks until the dough begins to come together . You may need to add more water if it is dry , or if the dough is sticky , a touch more flour . Once the dough comes together , turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead lightly for 3 to 4 minutes , until it can be kneaded into a smooth ball . Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour . Working on a lightly floured surface , roll the dough into a 2-inch  5-cm  - thick rope and divide the dough into 10 even pieces . Roll each piece into a 1-inch  2.5-cm  - thick rope and cut into 4 pieces , for a total of 40 pieces . Keep the dough covered in plastic wrap or with a damp towel . Using a small rolling pin , roll each piece of dough into a 4-inch  10-cm  circle about 1â	Anthony Bourdain travels to Shanghai , China , in the season premiere of "  Parts Unknown " China is the biggest market for red wine , even over France Shanghai 's most famous dish is perhaps xiao long bao , a steamed soup dumpling
CNN  -- In keeping with President Obama 's pledge of an administration that is "  transparent and accountable , " the White House has launched a site that promises to show taxpayers where their stimulus-package dollars are being spent . Visitors to Recovery.gov are greeted with a video message from President Obama . The site , Recovery.gov , allows visitors to track efforts to jump-start a teetering economy in the midst of a slumping housing market and massive job losses . It breaks down the $ 787 billion package by category : $ 288 billion for tax relief , $ 59 billion for health care , and so on . The site promises that more detailed spending information will be posted once federal agencies decide how they are going to allocate the money . Learn more about where the money is going " Using graphs , charts and layman 's terminology , the online portal is an example of how the tech-savvy Obama administration is taking its message to the American people . While running for president , Obama harnessed the Web 's fundraising and social-networking capabilities to energize his grass-roots campaign . And the moment he was sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , administration officials unveiled a sleek interactive version of Whitehouse.gov , the official White House Web site . Recovery.gov , launched within hours of Obama 's signing of the stimulus bill Tuesday , continues the theme of offering information in a user-friendly format . Visitors are greeted by a brief video address from Obama . "  The American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan represents a strategic and significant investment in our country 's future , " the president explains . "  The size and scale of this plan demand unprecedented efforts to root out waste , inefficiency and unnecessary spending . Recovery.gov will be the online portal for these efforts . " The site will publish information on how the stimulus funds will be spent in a "  timely , targeted and transparent manner , " Obama said . Edward Glaeser , a professor of economics at Harvard University , said transparency has "  been a watch word for good government types for years . " "  There is sense that taxpayers will feel a lot better about this if they actually know where their money is going , " Glaeser said . "  Better transparency makes evaluation much easier . " Glaeser pointed out that the idea behind Recovery.gov is not entirely new . He noted that the Office of Management and Budget has for years had a site where citizens can learn the available cost-benefit information of several government programs . Clicking on "  Where is Your Money Going " on the new site brings up a chart displaying key areas where the $ 787 billion will be distributed , including tax relief , energy , health care and infrastructure and science . Under "  Accountability and Transparency , " there is a statement that reads , "  This is your money . You have a right to know where it 's going and how it 's being spent . Learn what steps we 're taking to ensure you can track our progress every step of the way . " Like other Obama online portals , the site encourages user interaction . The public is invited to share stories on how the Recovery Act is affecting them . Scrolling over a map of the United States reveals data on the number of jobs created and saved in each state . Those with some time on their hands can also read , in its entirety , the full text of the legislation .	New White House Web site explains economic stimulus spending Obama administration continues promise to be "  transparent and accountable " Recovery.gov is similar to other Obama-backed sites Harvard professor : "  Better transparency makes evaluation much easier "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sharon Stone 's former nanny filed a lawsuit Wednesday accusing the actress of violating labor laws and making derogatory comments about her ethnicity . Stone called it "  an absurd lawsuit " with "  made-up and fabricated " claims , filed by "  a disgruntled ex-employee who is obviously looking to get money any way she can . " Erlinda Elemen , who is Filipino , worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four years , until she was fired in February 2011 , the lawsuit filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court Wednesday said . Elemen claims she was fired because she refused to give back overtime pay that Stone told her she did not deserve . Stone told her it was only in January 2011 that she learned from her accountant that she was paying her overtime when she worked holidays or traveled to care for her three children , the suit said . "  Defendant Stone , however , accused Plaintiff of ` stealing ' from her by taking the above-described overtime pay , told Plaintiff that it was ` illegal ' for Plaintiff to have taken the pay , and asked for it back , " the court filing said . Elemen refused to give the overtime pay back , arguing it was required by state and federal labor laws , the suit said . "  Defendant Stone then began to repeatedly berate Plaintiff in front of her staff , guests and others , for a period of approximately three weeks , for no other reason than Plaintiff had received overtime pay as hereinabove alleged , " it said . The nanny was fired "  shortly thereafter , " the lawsuit said . The suit claims the nanny was "  repeatedly subjected to numerous derogatory comments and slurs by Stone related to her Filipino ethnicity and heritage " during the last six months of her employment . The alleged derogatory comments including criticism about the nanny 's Filipino accent . "  She was told not to speak to the children because Stone did not want her children to ` talk like you , ' " the suit said . "  In addition , Stone made comments which equated being Filipino with being stupid . " The lawsuit also charged that Stone was "  repeatedly verbally dismissive of Elemen 's deeply held religious beliefs , criticized Elemen for frequently attending church and , on one occasion , even forbade her live in nanny from reading the bible in Stone 's house . " Elemen sought and was given approval from the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing to sue Stone for an unspecified sum for unpaid wages , damages and penalties , the suit said . "  After she was terminated approximately one-and-a-half years ago , she filed claims for alleged disability and workers compensation , " Stone said in a statement to CNN . "  Now , she is obviously looking for another opportunity to cash in . " She insisted she would be completely vindicated in court . "  This is a frivolous lawsuit for absurd claims that are made-up and fabricated , " Stone said . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Erlinda Elemen accuses Sharon Stone of firing her because of overtime pay Stone calls it "  an absurd lawsuit " with "  made-up and fabricated " claims The ex-nanny accuses Stone of making derogatory comments about her ethnicity Elemen worked as a live-in nanny for the actress for more than four years
CNN  Pope Francis cut his trip to Tacloban short Saturday as an approaching typhoon with blistering winds threatened the city in the Philippines . The Pope donned a slicker to conduct an outdoor Mass for hundreds of thousands who gathered despite stormy weather . The Mass in Tacloban was shortened after sustained winds of 80 mph and higher gusts howled toward the city . Tacloban is still recovering from the 2013 disaster of Super Typhoon Haiyan , described as one of the strongest storms ever recorded with 195 mph sustained winds . It killed 6,300 people nationwide . Typhoon Mekkhala was upgraded from a tropical storm and made landfall in the Philippines in the afternoon just northeast of Tacloban . The Mass began about a half-hour after he landed . Wind rustled the hood on the pontiff 's slicker as he spoke to a crowd clad in raincoats . Typhoon Mekkhala , which is called Typhoon Amang in the Philippines , was arriving on the island of eastern Samar -- about 50 miles from where the Pope was in Tacloban . Just two weeks ago , a tropical storm struck Tacloban and surrounding areas , causing a commercial passenger plane to slide off the runway while landing . Tropical Storm Jiangmi , renamed Seniang in the Philippines , killed 54 people in landslides and flash floods in that region , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . During the Pope 's visit to Tacloban , he will have lunch with survivors of the 2013 Typhoon Haiyan , renamed Typhoon Yolanda in that country . That typhoon displaced 918,000 families nationwide , the government says . He is also to bless the Pope Francis Center for the Poor and will meet with clergy and more typhoon survivors in the cathedral in Palo . The pontiff is also scheduled to perform an outdoor Mass in Manila on Sunday before millions of Filipinos . By then , the storm should weaken to a tropical depression . Still , Manila could face gusty winds and significant rain during the Mass. . The Pope 's trip to Asian isles began Tuesday in Sri Lanka , and he landed in the Philippines on Friday . On Friday , Francis met with President Benigno Aquino , and the pontiff urged the political leader to reject corruption and promote "  honesty , integrity and commitment to the common good , " the Vatican said . He also spoke of "  the moral imperative of ensuring social justice and respect for human dignity , " according to a copy of his remarks provided by the Vatican . "  Here in the Philippines , countless families are still suffering from the effects of natural disasters . The economic situation has caused families to be separated by migration and the search for employment , and financial problems strain many households . While all too many people live in dire poverty , others are caught up in materialism and lifestyles which are destructive of family life and the most basic demands of Christian morality , " the Pope said in other remarks . The Pope leaves Manila for Rome on Monday .	Pope Francis celebrates outdoor Mass in stormy weather Typhoon Mekkhala could also make another Mass , on Sunday , a wet , windy service in Manila
CNN  -- Top Democratic lawmakers called Tuesday for high taxes on the controversial AIG bonuses , as new details emerged on who got those bonuses . Congress is looking at ways to deal with the outrage surrounding AIG 's controversial bonuses . "  My colleagues and I are sending a letter to -LSB- AIG CEO Edward -RSB- Liddy informing him that he can go right ahead and tell the employees that are scheduled to get bonuses that they should voluntarily return them , " Sen. Charles Schumer said on the Senate floor . "  Because if they do n't , we plan to tax virtually all of -LSB- the money -RSB- ... so it is returned to its rightful owners , the taxpayers . " Schumer 's comments came the same day New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo confirmed in a letter to Congress that AIG paid 73 employees bonuses of more than $ 1 million each . Cuomo also wrote that 11 of the employees no longer work for the company . The largest bonus paid was $ 6.4 million ; seven other people also received more than $ 4 million each . "  Until we obtain the names of these individuals , it is impossible to determine when and why they left the firm and how it is that they received these payments , " Cuomo wrote to a congressional committee . AIG has been under fire for awarding seven-figure bonuses to employees while being kept afloat by more than $ 170 billion from the U.S. government 's financial bailout . The company insists the payouts are needed to keep talented executives on the payroll , but public anger over the moves has prompted Congress and the Obama administration to seek some ways to reclaim the money . Watch Sen. Schumer vow to recoup the bonuses " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced on the Senate floor Tuesday that the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee will pursue a legislative fix in such a way that the "  recipients of those bonuses will not be able to keep all their money -- and that 's an understatement . " Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D-Montana , will propose a special tax within the next 24 hours , Reid said . "  I do n't think those bonuses should be paid , " Baucus said Tuesday . The special-tax idea was first floated Monday by Sen. Chris Dodd , chairman of the Committee on Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs . "  We have a right to tax , " the Connecticut Democrat told CNN . "  You could write a tax provision that 's narrowly crafted only to the people receiving bonuses . " Watch why Americans have a right to be angry " At an unrelated hearing Tuesday at which IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman was testifying , Baucus asked the nation 's top tax official , "  What 's the highest excise tax we can impose that 's sustainable in court ? " Shulman did not respond directly , but Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , chimed in to suggest the tax could be as high as "  90 percent . " President Obama on Monday expressed dismay and anger over the bonuses to executives at AIG . "  This is a corporation that finds itself in financial distress due to recklessness and greed , " Obama told politicians and reporters in the Roosevelt Room of the White House , where he and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner were unveiling a package to aid the nation 's small businesses . Obama said he will attempt to block bonuses for AIG , payments he described as an "  outrage . " See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession " "  Under these circumstances , it 's hard to understand how derivative traders at AIG warranted any bonuses , much less $ 165 million in extra pay . I mean , how do they justify this outrage to the taxpayers who are keeping the company afloat ? " Obama was referring to the bonuses paid to traders in AIG 's financial products division , the tiny group of people who crafted complicated deals that contributed to the shaking of the world 's economic foundations . Watch Obama say he 's outraged by bonuses " The president said he has asked Geithner to "  pursue every single legal avenue to block these bonuses and make the American taxpayers whole . " Obama said he would work with Congress to change the laws so that such a situation can not happen again . The president spared Liddy from criticism , saying he got the job "  after the contracts that led to these bonuses were agreed to last year . " But he said the impropriety of the bonuses goes beyond economics . "  It 's about our fundamental values , " he said . iReport.com : Sound off on AIG Under pressure from the Treasury , AIG scaled back the bonus plans and pledged to reduce 2009 bonuses -- or "  retention payments " -- by at least 30 percent . That has done little to temper outrage over the initial plan , however . In the House , Democrats are trying to shame AIG executives into forgoing the bonuses . They 're also investigating possible legal avenues Congress can take to force the company to return money used for bonuses , a House Democratic leadership aide and a House Financial Services Committee aide said Monday . The committee is trying to determine whether Congress can force AIG to renegotiate the bonuses , which the company says it is legally required to give employees under contracts negotiated before the company received its first infusion of bailout dollars in September , according to the committee aide . Who 's insured by AIG ? " Both aides said it is unclear what authority Congress might have to force AIG to take back the bonuses . Liddy will face intense questioning about the bonuses when he testifies Wednesday before the House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Schumer : We 'll enact a new law that will "  tax bonuses at a very high rate " AIG paid 73 people bonuses of $ 1 million or more each , New York AG reports Senate majority leader says Senate Finance Committee looking into bonuses Sen. Chris Dodd suggests tax provision crafted toward recipients of bonuses
