CNN  -- Two men were being questioned Thursday by Mexican authorities about a shooting that killed a U.S. Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border in Arizona , a source in the Mexican attorney general 's office said . The Mexican army handed over to local authorities in Sonora two men they had detained near the American border , the source in the federal department said Thursday . The two were in possession of drugs and guns when they were detained , added the source . Local authorities are investigating if the pair had anything to do with Tuesday 's shooting near Naco , Arizona , where Border Patrol agents came under fire after responding to a sensor that had gone off nearby . U.S. authorities have identified the agent killed as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie . The Provo , Utah , native , who joined the Border Patrol in January 2008 , is survived by his wife and two young children . Ivie is the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008 , including three this year . He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry , whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting , according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa . What was ` Fast and Furious ' ? The agent who was wounded has not been identified . After the shooting , he was airlifted to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . He was released from the hospital Wednesday , said Jeremy Copeland , an agent with the Tucson Sector of U.S. Border Patrol . In addition to Mexican authorities , the FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff 's Office . James Turgal , special agent in charge of the FBI 's Phoenix division , has declined to say if the Border Patrol agents involved in the incident returned fire . As of Wednesday , investigators had not found the weapon used in the shooting , a U.S. law enforcement official said . Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department , said earlier this week that investigators were at the scene . "  Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty , we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved , " Breuer said . Seven bodies found in western Mexico CNN 's Eduardo Aragon contributed to this report .	2 men are being questioned , a source in Mexico 's attorney general 's office says They were detained near the U.S. border with drugs and guns , says the source They are being questioned about the fatal shooting of a U.S. Border Patrol agent These two men are not currently considered suspects in the case
CNN  -- In 1961 , my senior year in a rural Central Pennsylvania high school , I competed in the oratorical contest with a speech titled , "  The Plight of the American Negro . " My teacher informed me if I wanted to win , I had chosen a wrong and contentious topic . While I was raised in the North , attitudes about Negroes were similar to those in the South . From a relatively inactive movement in early 1960 , dramatic events for racial equality captured national attention between 1961 and 1963 -- Freedom Rides , Interstate Commerce Commission 's desegregation order , Voting Education Project , integration of the University of Mississippi , Gov. George Wallace 's intervention against desegregating the University of Alabama , Dr. King 's Letter from Birmingham Jail , national awareness of White Citizens Council and Ku Klux Klan brutality . When I arrived in the capital as a college student to take summer classes in 1963 , I heard about a national demonstration planned at the Lincoln Memorial for late August . Washington was not only below the Mason Dixon line , but it was then in many ways a outhern city . Few blacks attended Washington 's white colleges and universities . Black collegians attended Howard University . At my college , there were two black undergraduates , one of whom was from Africa . Job opportunities for non-college educated blacks were mostly in servile roles . College educated blacks were principally offered positions as teachers in colored public schools and ministers in colored churches . The Kennedy administration , fearing unrest , discouraged the demonstration . Lead organizers A. Philip Randolph and openly gay Bayard Rustin were not deterred . On Wednesday , August 28 , 1963 , I joined an estimated 250,000 black and some white Americans at the Lincoln Memorial for the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . For me , it was important that I attend . Being a Jewish-American , the Holocaust was a recent and painful reminder of unfettered prejudice . Negro lynchings without arrests reminded me of the horror of the pogroms that Jews experienced in Europe , while authorities looked the other way . The March was a magical moment . Ordinary folks , mostly dressed as if they were going to church arrived from rural towns and large cities . Despite the repression exercised by authorities in the South , they were not intimidated . The magnitude of the largest crowd ever assembled on the National Mall inspired everyone . The statue of the Great Emancipator symbolized the long sought aspirations for a better life , equality and equal justice . It was a hot day with lots of speeches . While Dr. King is recognized today as America 's preeminent civil rights leader , his numerous co-organizers also spoke that day . One was Rabbi Joachim Prinz , president of the American Jewish Congress . Jews were among the early white supporters of civil rights . Rabbi Prinz was a German Jew who emigrated to the U.S. to escape Nazi persecution . His speech lived up to his honored placement between Mahalia Jackson 's spirituals and Dr. King 's speech . When Dr. King began "  I Have a Dream , " I was struck as if by lightning . It was akin to hearing Moses speak to the heavens . His speech was a defining moment for those assembled and for Americans watching television in living rooms across the nation . The March led to a Civil Rights Act of 1964 and a Voting Rights Act of 1965 . In the late 1980s , I came out as a gay man and became increasingly involved in LGBT civil rights . I met Barbara Gittings and Frank Kameny , the mother and father of the LGBT civil rights movement . They helped organize the Annual Reminders at Independence Hall and Liberty Bell each July 4 from 1965 to 1969 . The Annual Reminders , the first organized demonstrations for gay equality , laid the groundwork for the Stonewall Riots in 1969 . While working on "  Gay Pioneers , " a documentary to chronicle this history , I learned that the March on Washington had empowered early gay activists . They followed Dr. King 's protocol of non-violence , decorum and picketing . It informed me of the March 's pivotal impact on gay activism . Gay pioneer Jack Nichols stated , "  We had marched with Martin Luther King , seven of us from the Mattachine Society of Washington in 1963 , and from that time on , we 'd always had our dream about a  gay  march of similar proportions . " The first Annual Reminder on July 4 , 1965 , in Philadelphia had 40 participants . It was the largest demonstration for gay equality in the history of the world . By the 1969 Annual Reminder , the number swelled to 160 picketers . From 1979 to 1993 , a series of national marches on Washington for lesbian and gay rights drew , at first , tens of thousands and later hundreds of thousands of people -- culminating in the April 1993 March on Washington for Lesbian , Gay and Bi Equal Rights and Liberation that attracted an estimated 1 million demonstrators . In the years between the 1963 March on Washington and 1993 , the AIDS epidemic and societal changes propelled by the African-American and women 's civil rights movements helped launch LGBT from nascent to engaged activism . For me , the March 50 years ago was a transcendent moment in a lifelong engagement for everyone 's civil rights . On August 28 , 1963 , Dr. King ascended a Mount Sinai . His biblical Dream forever changed institutional oppression , our nation and the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Malcolm Lazin .	Malcolm Lazin grew up in the segregated world of the North He says the March on Washington was a "  magical moment " Lazin : Martin Luther King 's words inspired broader rights movements He says that from 1979 to 1993 , protests for gay rights grew ever larger , stronger
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A controversial assertion by convicted Robert F. Kennedy assassin Sirhan Sirhan to win his freedom was challenged this week by the California attorney general who said "  overwhelming evidence " exists against Sirhan 's claims . Sirhan 's attorneys have said that a second gunman actually assassinated Kennedy in 1968 and that Sirhan was hypno-programmed to fire a gun as a diversion . "  In sum ,  Sirhan  can not possibly show that no reasonable juror would have convicted him if a jury had considered his ` new ' evidence and allegations , in light of the overwhelming evidence supporting the convictions and the available evidence thoroughly debunking  Sirhan 's  second-shooter and automaton theories , " Attorney General Kamala Harris said in federal court papers filed this week . Sirhan , the sole person convicted of killing Kennedy , is seeking a new trial or freedom from his life sentence based on "  formidable evidence " asserting his innocence and "  horrendous violations " of his rights , defense attorneys said in federal court papers filed last year . Harris , who is asking a federal court in Los Angeles to dismiss Sirhan 's request , conceded in court papers filed Wednesday that his lawyers may be able to show two guns were involved in Kennedy 's assassination . Kennedy was seeking the Democratic presidential nomination when he was killed . But even if Sirhan 's lawyers can show 13 shots were fired in the Kennedy shooting , Sirhan should n't be released from prison , Harris said . "  The mere possibility that more than one firearm was discharged during the assassination does not dismantle the prosecution 's case " against Sirhan , the attorney general said in the latest court documents . Harris said Sirhan is relying on acoustic expert Philip Van Praag 's analysis of a tape recording of the Kennedy shooting that concludes 13 shots were fired during the murder and "  demonstrates the existence of a second shooter because  Sirhan  only fired eight shots . " The attorney general argues that even if there were a second gunman involved in the Kennedy shooting , Sirhan has n't proven his innocence . Sirhan "  at most has shown that , according to Van Praag , two guns could be heard firing 13 shots in an audiotape of the shooting , " Harris said . Authorities have said eight bullets were fired in the kitchen pantry of the former Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles , with three bullets hitting Kennedy 's body , a fourth passing harmlessly through his suit coat and the rest striking five other victims , who survived . Kennedy , younger brother of the assassinated U.S. President John F. Kennedy , was shot shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , only moments after the presidential candidate had claimed victory in California 's Democratic primary election . He died the next day . Defense lawyers William F. Pepper and Laurie D. Dusek say Van Praag 's analysis of the tape recording shows two guns fired 13 shots -- five more gunshots than Sirhan could have fired from his eight-shot revolver . Sirhan had no opportunity to reload his gun in the pantry . Harris calls Van Praag 's analysis "  pure speculation . " The recording of the Kennedy shooting was made by freelance reporter Stanislaw Pruszynski . ABC News television videotape of the hotel ballroom , where the senator had just claimed victory in the California primary , shows Pruszynski holding his recording equipment in his left hand while descending a small set of ballroom steps , approximately 40 feet away from the kitchen pantry shooting , and moving towards the pantry during the period when the shots were being fired there , off-camera . Harris said that even if it could be proven "  that a second gunman successfully shot Senator Kennedy ,  Sirhan  would still be guilty of the charged crimes . " She said that under California 's vicarious liability law , "  an aider and abettor ` is guilty not only of the offense he intended to facilitate or encourage , but also of any reasonably foreseeable offense committed by the person he aids and abets ' . " The defense argues Sirhan did not knowingly fire at Kennedy but thought he was shooting at circular targets on a firing range . They contend Sirhan was a victim of hypno-programming by conspirators who programmed him to fire shots as a diversion for the senator 's real killer . For his hypo-programming defense , Sirhan is relying on Daniel Brown , an associate clinical professor in psychology at Harvard Medical School who has interviewed Sirhan for 60 hours over a three-year period , according to defense attorneys . But the attorney general rejected the hypno-programming claim . "  The theory that a person could be hypnotized into planning and committing a murder against his will is a controversial  if not fantastic  one and has not been adopted by most of Brown 's peers , including the American Psychological Association , " Harris wrote . "  Thus , even if  Sirhan  could show that some psychologists believe in mind control or hypno-programming , his showing of actual innocence is nevertheless based on a debatable theory that is not universally accepted in the psychology community , " Harris said . Sirhan , who turns 68 next month , was denied parole at a hearing last year where he once again claimed to have no memory of the Kennedy shooting , an assertion Sirhan has maintained since 1968 .	Convicted assassin Sirhan Sirhan asserts a second gunman killed Robert F. Kennedy Sirhan was hypno-programmed to fire a gun as a diversion , his attorney says California 's attorney general says a jury would have convicted him anyway The evidence against Sirhan is "  overwhelming , " prosecutor says
CNN  -- The election of Uhuru Kenyatta is a storybook ending for the son of Kenya 's first president . But despite his popularity at home , he is facing charges of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Court over the 2007 post-election violence in Kenya , putting the West in a dilemma in its fight for human rights in the continent . Kenyatta , 51 , narrowly eked out a win , and will become the youngest president of East Africa 's largest economy . His challenger , Raila Odinga , has said the vote is flawed , but lost a challenge brought in the Supreme Court . Analysts say Kenyatta 's victory signals a growing discontent against Western intervention in the continent . Loud message In his victory speech , Kenyatta noted the sentiment . "  Today , we celebrate the triumph of democracy ; the triumph of peace ; the triumph of nationhood , " he said . "  Despite the misgivings of many in the world , we demonstrated a level of political maturity that surpassed expectations . " Africans have accused the International Criminal Court , based in The Hague , in the Netherlands , of targeting the continent 's leaders . "  Kenya sent a loud message to the ICC ... do n't interfere , " said Ayo Johnson , director of ViewPoint Africa . "  And it does not matter if you brand our leaders as criminals . " Grooming for power ? In retrospect , it appears Kenyatta 's path from childhood may have been preparing him for his new role . His earliest memories revolve around the state house -- the nation 's equivalent of the White House -- where he scampered down hallways when his father , Jomo Kenyatta , was serving as the nation 's first post-independence president . Born in 1961 , two years before Kenya officially got independence from Britain , his parents named him "  Uhuru " -- Swahili for freedom -- in anticipation of the nation 's liberation from colonial rule . At a young age , he brushed shoulders with some of the nation 's prominent figures . His online photo album includes receiving a history award from Mwai Kibaki at a young age , the man he is replacing as president . Kenyatta attended high school in the capital of Nairobi , where he was a winger in a rugby team . Two years after his father died in 1978 , Kenyatta joined Amherst College in Massachusetts , where he studied economics and political science . He returned home after graduation and launched a horticulture business , which he later sold , and focused on the extensive family businesses his father left behind . His family 's empire includes hundreds of thousands of acres of land , often a cause of resentment amid the grinding poverty in the nation . Politics and mentors Kenyatta dipped into politics as a fierce supporter of the Kenyan African National Union , which ruled the nation from Independence until 2002 . After his father 's death , Daniel Arap Moi took over the leadership of the party and the nation . He took the younger Kenyatta under his wing , mentored him and secured him a position in his government . When Moi decided not to run for re-election in 2002 , he designated Kenyatta as his candidate of choice . Kenyatta lost to current incumbent president , Kibaki , partly because of his ties to Moi , who was resented for overstaying his welcome as president . Despite Kenyatta 's loss at the polls , he became known for more than his father 's last name . When Kibaki sought to change the constitution to strengthen the president 's powers , Kenyatta teamed up with then-opposition leader Odinga to rally against the change . In 2005 , voters shot down Kibaki 's constitution draft , handing the two rivals a victory . However , the two parted ways before the last election in 2007 . Kenyatta , who was not running for office then , threw his weight behind Kibaki , who was up against Odinga . He later served in various positions in Kibaki 's government , including finance minister and his latest role , deputy prime minister . After the 2007 election The last election stoked deep ethnic rivalries . When Kibaki was declared the winner , Odinga alleged the vote was rigged , sending supporters battling on the streets . The International Criminal Court has indicted Kenyatta for allegedly funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks at the time . He has denied the charges , and vowed to cooperate with the court to clear his name . His running mate William Ruto and two others are also indicted . Kenya reneged on a deal to try the perpetrators in local courts , forcing the courts to step in . A Western quandary Before the 2013 election , Johnnie Carson , the top American envoy to Africa , warned that "  choices have consequences , " widely interpreted as a threat to Kenyans not to vote for him . Carson 's predecessor , Jendayi Frazer , slammed his stance against Kenyatta , describing it as "  reckless and irresponsible . " "  Kenyatta knows that he needs the United States , and the United States knows it needs Kenya , " Frazer said . "  While it  relations  might be awkward , there wo n't be a significant change in our policy stances toward Kenya or theirs toward us . " In a statement after the election , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry applauded the vote -- but did not mention Kenyatta . "  We ... will continue to be a strong friend and ally of the Kenyan people , " he said . Kenyatta has said the indictment will not affect his ability to do his job and urged the international community to respect the will of Kenyans . Analysts say the ICC indictment may have rallied citizens to Kenyatta 's side in defiance of the West . A majority of the court 's investigations are focused on African nations . "  Many Africans have lost faith in ICC and view it as targeting African leaders and failing to discharge its justice among non-African leaders , " Johnson said . Kenyatta 's trial is scheduled for July , while his running mate 's is in May . Kenya will become the second African nation after Sudan to have a sitting president facing charges at the International Criminal Court .	Uhuru Kenyatta is one of the wealthiest men in the nation Despite his popularity at home , he is facing charges of crimes against humanity Analysts say his victory sends out a strong message to the West
Paris  CNN  -- Former French President Jacques Chirac was found guilty Thursday on corruption charges stemming from his time as mayor of Paris and given a two-year suspended sentence , a court in the French capital announced . He was convicted of breach of trust , misappropriation of public funds and illegal use of influence , the Paris Court 's press office said . Chirac did not attend the trial , which was held from September 5-23 , due to his medical condition , which doctors described as a "  severe " and "  irreversible " neurological problem . In a statement released later Thursday , Chirac , 79 , said that while he "  categorically refuse  s  this ruling , " he would not appeal the verdict . "  Unfortunately I no longer have all the strength necessary to carry the fight for truth by myself and face of new panel of judges , " Chirac said in the statement . "  I also realize that what is at stake is not only the honour of a man , but the dignity of the presidential office . " An aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the Elysee , or presidential palace , would not comment on the verdict , according to the French newspaper Le Monde . Francois Hollande , the presidential candidate from the Socialist party , said Thursday that "  justice has been done , and it had to be done , so that there would be no sense of impunity . " However , he said , he did have some sympathy for Chirac . "  Although the sentence is severe , it is both criminal and moral , and it affects him , " Hollande added , according to Le Monde . Ecologist party presidential candidate Eva Joly declared that justice has been done . "  No citizen is above the law , if we want to reestablish trust in the justice system and democracy , " she said in a statement on her website . She also called on Chirac to resign from France 's Constitutional Council , a body that decides if proposed laws are constitutional . Chirac and other former French presidents automatically serve on the council . Jerome Karsenti , of the anti-corruption group Anticor , lauded the ruling as "  a historic decision and extremely important for the future of democracy . It 's a message to all politicians . " Chirac was mayor of Paris , from 1977 to 1995 , before he became president . He had immunity from prosecution during the 12 years he was president of France , from 1995 to 2007 . He was accused -- along with the other defendants -- of using public money to pay people to work for his political party , the RPR , and to pay others to perform jobs that did not really exist . Former French Prime Minister Alain Juppe was sentenced in December 2004 for his role in the affair . After Chirac left office as president , he made it known he was available to answer any questions on the matter . He always denied wrongdoing . The city of Paris dropped a civil suit against Chirac after he and his party paid back about $ 3 million . Some in France praised the court 's decision . "  Finally , the justice of the Republic has come , " said a post from Pierre-Marie Muraz on Le Monde 's website . It shows that "  no , we are not a banana republic , but a democracy , and proud of it ! " Others were not pleased . "  Who are we kidding ? Let 's review : Politician and union leaders have flouted the country 's rules for years , enriching themselves and betraying the trust of their citizens , and when 20 years later we relax , we hand out a penalty or a suspended sentence , a certain political class and the complacent media congratulate themselves on the exemplary justice ! " posted someone with the user name "  pas dupe " -- which means "  not fooled " in English .	Chirac has always denied wrongdoing while mayor of Paris The former president was accused of embezzling and misusing funds He was mayor from 1977 to 1995 Nine others were accused of corruption
Kagadi , Uganda  CNN  -- One of five prisoners receiving treatment for a suspected case of Ebola virus in Uganda escaped overnight Friday from the hospital at the center of the outbreak , a health official said . "  Should his results come back and he is positive , that causes us a lot of worry . So right now , we have resolved that the remaining prisoners will be cuffed on the beds for fear that they might also escape , " said Dr. Jackson Amune , commissioner at the Ministry of Health . The inmates from Kibaale prison are among 30 people at Kagadi hospital with suspected cases of the virus . Two additional patients have confirmed cases , according to Doctors Without Borders . The prisoners have been showing Ebola-like symptoms of vomiting , diarrhea and fever , Dr. Dan Kyamanywa said Thursday . "  We do expect the number of suspected cases to increase , " Kyamanywa said . "  It 's important to break transmission and reduce the number of contacts that suspected cases have . " Read more : Ebola outbreak suspected among Uganda prisoners Many patients fled Kagadi hospital when Ebola was confirmed , he said , and the facility is struggling to respond to all the call-outs to suspected cases . The outbreak began in the Kibaale district in western Uganda with 53 confirmed cases . At least 16 people have died . An additional 312 people have suspected cases of the virus and have been isolated , pending further testing . The deaths have stoked heightened fear of the virus , a highly infectious , often fatal agent spread through direct contact with bodily fluids . Symptoms can include fever , vomiting , diarrhea , abdominal pain , headache , a measles-like rash , red eyes and , at times , bleeding from body openings . "  I would like to stress that the disease is under control , " said Joaquim Saweka , the World Health Organization representative to Uganda . Health officials urged the public to report any suspected cases , to avoid contact with anyone infected and to wear gloves and masks while disinfecting bedding and clothing of infected people . Officials also advised avoiding public gatherings in the affected district . Read more : Could the Ebola outbreak spread to the U.S. ? Teams in Uganda are taking an aggressive approach , including trying to track down anyone who came into contact with patients infected with the virus , and health workers have been gearing up to protect themselves and deal with an influx of cases . The workers include people from Uganda 's Ministry of Health , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the World Health Organization . Meanwhile , officials in Kenya were taking extra precautions after at least two patients showed symptoms of the virus , according to Jackstone Omoto , a medical official in Siaya , western Kenya . One man tested negative . A second man and two relatives have been isolated at the Moi Teaching & Referral Hospital in Eldoret , pending test results . The man was traveling from South Sudan to Kenya through Uganda . "  We are tracing the bus that he  traveled on  , and we have requested the company to contact the ministry so we can know who else was in the bus , " said Beth Mugo , public health minister . The Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire  now the Democratic Republic of the Congo  . The virus is named after a river in that country . There are five strains of the virus , all named after the areas where they were found : Zaire , Sudan , Cote d'Ivoire , Bundibugyo and Reston , according to the WHO . CNN 's Lillian Leposo and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The disease is under control , " World Health Organization official says The inmate is one of five prisoners receiving treatment at Kagadi hospital They are among 30 patients with suspected cases of the virus The remaining prisoners will now be handcuffed to their beds , a health official says
CNN  -- Though Ciudad Real Central Airport sits just 150 miles south of Spain 's capital , Madrid , the bankrupt complex is a desolate stretch of concrete . In happier times , it was an expensive symbol of Spain 's thriving economy and optimism for the future . Now , it serves as a reminder of the country 's financial failings . "  The construction of an airport like this , and of other places that are completely worthless ; there were a lot of them -- is responsible for the crisis , " director Pedro Almodóvar told Slate . Almodóvar is one of several people who have since found a use for the airport , which shut down April last year . He shot his latest film , "  I 'm So Excited " , on the empty runways . Almodóvar shot at night . During the day , Lexus Spain used the site to show off their latest model to journalists . "  There are 4.5 kilometers of unused runway -- it 's basically the longest in Europe , " says Jose Antonio Galve , the PR Manager for Lexus Spain . "  When you 're on it , it 's strange , because there 's no sensation of it being a road , and you have no sense of when it will end . It appealed to us because it was a very different experience . " There is little chance that the airport will recover its investment ; it cost $ 1.3 billion to build , and though not in use , it continues to incur maintenance costs . "  Although having that kind of surface would be great for racing , how much are you going to make to justify the cost of acquiring that much land ? " asks Angela Gittens , the director general of Airports Council International . Likely , says Gittens , the owners are simply biding their time until they sell it , piecemeal . "  Typically , there 's not a whole lot of instances where someone comes along and buys the whole property , " says Gittens . "  The facilities , or set of facilities , do n't lend themselves to other uses . " At Berlin Bradenburg Willy Brandt Airport , the $ 5.7 billion travel hub that has yet to open , tourists can tour the empty grounds via bus or bike . According to the airport 's spokesman Lars Wagner , its opening has been stalled because of problems with the fire protection system . An airport tour now , he says , gives visitors an opportunity to walk areas that , once opened , will be cordoned off . Mainly , though , he hints it 's a chance to market the airport while it waits to open . Situated on the fringes of one of Hong Kong 's most densely populated areas , the city 's Kai Tak International Airport was renowned as one of the most exciting to land at . Replaced in 1998 by Chek Lap Kok airport  built on a purpose-made island to the west of the city  the Kai Tak site lay largely unused until construction began in 2009 to convert the runway into a new cruise ship terminal . The first ship docked at the site in June and is set to welcome more regular visitors from October . Some former hubs have reinvented themselves for good . In Malmö , Sweden , Bulltofta Airport was converted into a park and entertainment complex . Though one of the old hangars was turned into a school , according to Anders Reisnert , a cultural historian for the city , the area has lost its aeronautic identity . Read more : What are the worst airports for delays ? "  I think most people in Malmö have forgotten it used to be an airport , " he says . The former Stapleton International Airport in Denver , Colorado  once the fifth busiest hub in the U.S. before closing in 1994  is being redeveloped as a mixed-use housing community . The development is slated for completion in 2025 and is more than halfway done -- of 8,000 projected homes , 5,000 have already been constructed and sold . "  The demand is more than anyone could imagine , " says Thomas Gleason , a spokesperson for the site 's developer , Forest City Enterprises , and a former spokesman to Federico Pena , the Denver mayor that launched the project . As for why Forest City took on such a massive undertaking  the decision to sell the $ 79.4 million site whole was Pena 's idea  , Gleason maintains it was a no-brainer . Read more : The world 's most beautiful airports "  We 're talking about 4,700 acres of land that 's a ten minute drive from the downtown area . There was a tremendous opportunity to redevelop land that was underutilized , " he says . Converting an airport is a tremendous undertaking . Gleason says Forest City had to tear up 1,100 acres of pavement and 4.2 million square feet of aviation buildings , a process he described as "  breathtaking " in its complexity . In Austin , Texas , real estate developer Catellus is performing a similar feat with the site of now defunct Robert Mueller Municipal Airport . "  We saw 700 acres in the center of Austin , and it was three miles from downtown and two miles from the university in this rising town where great things are happening . It was a great location , and a great opportunity , " says Gregory Weaver , executive vice president of Catellus . Remnants from the old airports haunt both sites ; at Stapleton , the old 12-story control tower looms in the backdrop , while Mueller still boats a World War II-era hangar . In spite of these details , Weaver maintains that some residents have already forgotten the area 's original identity . "  I tell people that I live in Mueller , and I 'll say , ` you know , the former airport , ' and they 'll say , ` oh , that used to be an airport ? ' " Editor 's note : An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified Ciudad Real Central Airport as north of Madrid .	Many abandoned , or ` ghost ' airports , are finding new uses . Ciudad Real Central Airport was used in the backdrop of Pedro Almodóvar 's film , ` I 'm So Excited ' . Malmö , Sweden 's Bulltofta Airport has been converted into park space . Old U.S. airports in Denver and Austin have been turned into housing complexes .
CNN  -- The clouds looked ominous in Killeen , Texas , on Wednesday afternoon . So instead of letting her 14-year-old son , Jordan , hang out at the skate park at Fort Hood like he usually did when school let out , Sharon Rice decided to pick him up and bring him home . The military family had just moved off post , and mother and son were heading out of the gate to leave when they heard sirens . "  We thought there was a thunderstorm warning , " she said . By the time they arrived home shortly after 4 p.m. , they heard the news : Someone was on base shooting at people . Sharon 's husband , Army Capt. David Rice , was still at work on Fort Hood . She tried to call him , but the phone lines were jammed . So she sent him a text . Capt. Rice 's first response -- "  Is Jordan at the skate park ? " She assured him their son was safe . "  Good , " he texted . "  I will contact you later . " This is what military families do during emergencies -- they handle the immediate needs and talk emotions later , she said . David Rice texted her that the service members in his unit were all right , so she went into "  key caller mode " and grabbed a roster of family contacts . The relatives were spread out around the country , so she had no problem calling them to tell them their loved ones were not harmed . Then , Sharon Rice managed to have a talk with her teenager about what had happened just before it aired on the news . Army Spc. Ivan Lopez had walked from one building to another on the Army 's largest post , firing a .45 - caliber handgun . He killed three people and wounded 16 . The 34-year-old , who had served in the Iraq war , then shot himself to death in front of a military police officer who had confronted him . The situation was nerve-wracking , but Rice steeled herself . With a father who fought with a Special Forces unit and a mother who was a military nurse in Vietnam , she knows what it 's like to go on autopilot when something terrible happens . She said it 's crucial to turn to "  certain protocols . " "  There 's not a lot of time for emotion , at first . There will be later , there definitely will be later , " she said Thursday . "  I 'm sure I 'll have talks with the chaplain later and have my breakdown . " Thursday morning , Jordan did n't go to school . He 's a military kid , Sharon Rice said ; he 's always seen service members carrying guns . That is normal to him . He seemed to be OK , but was he really ? Better that she be with him . Her husband , however , went back to work Thursday . "  Yes , it 's secure " Less than five years ago , in November 2009 , Maj. Nidal Hasan killed 13 people and injured dozens at Fort Hood . In 2011 , Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo was arrested after he tried to build a bomb to blow up Fort Hood troops . A search of his hotel room revealed various items used to make bombs , including battery-operated clocks and a pressure cooker . A federal judge sentenced him to life in prison . Considering this recent history , CNN asked Rice , did she have any concerns about security on post , whether anything that could have been different to prevent the shooting ? Rice laughed heartily . "  Are you kidding me ? " It 's very , very tight on Fort Hood , she said . "  Every time you get on installation , you have to have the tag on the car scanned . They do it every time , every time you go through the gate . And then there are random checks , " she said . "  Yes , it 's secure . " Fort Hood is the nation 's largest Army post , covering 340 square miles . It is home to more than 45,000 assigned soldiers and nearly 9,000 civilian employees , according to the post 's official website . Compare Fort Hood to cities its size , Rice said , and the violence there does n't feel especially alarming . Changes after Hasan massacre In the wake of the 2009 massacre , authorities launched various investigations and reviews . "  The tragic shooting of U.S. military personnel at Fort Hood in November 2009 underscored the need for the Department of Defense to thoroughly review its approach to force protection , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates wrote in a memo shortly after that shooting . A series of changes were put in place . A kind of "  neighborhood watch " was created to teach the Army community to recognize and report suspicious behavior . Gates also called for a plan to educate commanders on signs of workplace violence and an enhanced 911 systems on military installations to enable emergency dispatchers to effectively determine a caller 's location . Other recommendations included upgrading health care to service members and hiring additional providers , especially in mental health , to help meet that goal . Still , at least some soldiers at Fort Hood feel more needs to be done . "  This place is definitely a black hole . This place is a stressful place , " a soldier , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  Until we have people step up and see , hey , there needs to be change here , we 're going to continue to have incidents like this . " "  People in jail have a better life than a lot of these soldiers here -- and if you do n't have a family , and you 're a single soldier living in the barracks , it can be miserable , " the GI said . "  Nobody really understands how bad somebody 's mental stability is , or how hard it is to keep your sanity here being at Fort Hood . " CNN asked U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , to respond to the remarks on Friday , shortly after Cruz visited some of the wounded . "  Now is not the time to talk about public policy , " Cruz said . A soldier suffering Lopez was being evaluated for post-traumatic stress disorder and going through the process required to diagnose the disorder . He had not been diagnosed with PTSD , said Lt. Gen. Mark Milley , the post 's commander . Lopez had suffered from depression , anxiety and other psychiatric complaints and was receiving treatment and taking medication . Officials are trying to piece together what in his background and medical treatment may have triggered the violence . Lopez was transferred to Fort Hood from another base in February . His former base was not identified . Retired Army Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN analyst , expressed surprise at the transfer . Lopez should have remained at the other base for continuity of care , he said . Milley said , "  We will have to re-examine all of those programs to see if there were any gaps . " In the wake of the 2009 bloodshed , other measures were taken . Investigators said the Army had to transform how it protects its soldiers , collects information about internal threats and communicates with the FBI and terrorism experts . But to residents like Rice and others , the changes have n't been obvious . "  There has n't been a whole lot of extra protection on base , " said Lynn Adams , who lives on Fort Hood . Adams said authorities check identification and other things , but there has been no visible extra security . Massacre site to be torn down Guns on base Lopez used a .45 - caliber Smith & Wesson pistol that he recently purchased in the area but did not register on post . Army regulations enacted in 1993 tightened gun restrictions , including a ban on carrying personal firearms on base . In September 2013 , Republicans in the U.S. House introduced legislation to repeal the ban . Texas Rep. Steve Stockman was one of seven Republicans who proposed the Safe Military Bases Act , saying the bill would help thwart mass shootings on bases . Authorities will look at what , if anything , they could have done differently . That might be an uphill challenge . "  Fort Hood , tens of thousands of people come and go from that every day , " said CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr . "  They have stickers in their cars ; they have permits to get on base . They are waved through a gate , because traffic has to keep flowing . " "  If they are permitted onto the base because they have the right paperwork on any given day -- it is not likely that their cars will be searched every time they go in and out . It is assumed that they are acting appropriately and acting legally . That 's just the way the reality is . " Retired Gen. Russel Honore , who was once an assistant division commander at Fort Hood , said "  military posts are our sanctuary . " "  It 's a place where you 're not carrying a weapon 24 hours a day . It 's meant and designed to give you a sense of security where you can relax in a family environment . So , when this happens , it breaks the sacred trust . " ` Getting help helps ' Perry Jefferies retired from the Army in 2004 . He spent more than 10 years living and working on Fort Hood and was there during the 2009 massacre . He 's a current leader with Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America . "  The 2009 shooting is still very raw , " he said . "  And now here 's another one . You just do n't know what that 's going to do to people . " Jefferies said he had his "  own little moment " Wednesday night . "  It does bring back those feelings of last time , " he said . "  Something about listening to the medical press conferences -- it was a bit overwhelming . I had to step out of the room . " He said he was worried some people might be overcome by the experience and feel like there is nothing they can do . Jefferies urged anyone in that situation to reach out , citing a 24/7 veterans crisis line . "  There are people there that can help , " he said . "  If you 're feeling bad , getting help helps . " CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Soldier at Fort Hood says post is stressful : "  People in jail have a better life " Army wife whose husband was on post texted him to see if he was safe Her husband , Capt. David Rice , texted back that he was fine Sharon Rice says security at Fort Hood is tight , but changes have n't been obvious
Fort Worth , Texas  CNN  -- An internet troll reviled for his pornographic posts on Reddit and recently revealed as a middle-aged software programmer told CNN that he made "  a huge mistake . " For years , 49-year-old Michael Brutsch hid behind the online screen name "  Violentacrez , " creating hundreds of subforums on the user-generated website , such as "  Rapebait , " "  Incest , " "  Pics of Dead Kids , " "  Choke a Bitch , " and "  Rape Jokes . " "  Violentacrez " has been banned from the site several times , although Brutsch still maintains a separate account . Last week , Gawker revealed the identity of "  Violentacrez , " whose posts generated as many as 800,000 subscribers and triggered a debate about whether Reddit was criminally liable for the content of its forums . Reddit is a website where the popularity of posts -- and whether they are featured prominently on the site 's main page -- is determined by registered users ' votes . Days after the Gawker article , Brutsch agreed to talk exclusively to CNN on camera at a hotel room in Fort Worth , about six miles from his home . He said his employer fired him after the Gawker article . He had worked there for seven years . "  One of the problems that came around and bit me in the ass was that I did n't really think about what I was doing , " Brutsch told CNN . "  And I did n't listen to people when they said , ` You really should n't do this . ' " Brutsch -- who is married , with a stepdaughter as well as a son and a stepson who are both in the U.S. military -- told CNN he started out posting "  mostly soft-core porn , " such as "  pictures of naked girls , that sort of thing . " "  And as I 'd find porn of different types , like if it was a picture of an African-American woman , I created a Reddit called ` Women of Color , ' " Brutsch said . "  If it was , you know , a woman with large breasts , I created a Reddit called ` Boobies . ' " Years ago , Brutsch created his most infamous Reddit forum called "  Jailbait " -- images of teenage girls posted without their or their families ' consent . He said it became so popular , drawing hundreds of thousands of page views , that Reddit gave him an award -- a gold-plated bobblehead doll "  for making significant contributions to the site . " In an email to CNN , Reddit said Brutsch had won a community vote for "  Worst Subreddit " and Reddit now "  regrets having sent the trophy . " Reddit also said it banned Brutsch 's "  Violentacrez " account several times since last year , adding that it "  regret  s  not taking stronger action sooner . " Looking back , Brutsch said his actions "  were a huge mistake . " He claimed he was addicted to Reddit and could not stop himself . The biggest thrill Brutsch said he got "  was those meaningless Internet points , " earned when "  Redditors " voted for his posts . Now that he 's lost his job , Brutsch told CNN he was sorry -- but he did n't say exactly what he was apologizing for . "  Well , I am to some degree apologizing for what I did , " Brutsch said . "  Again , I was playing to an audience of college kids . And you know , when two years ago , when all of this was at its height , the audience was appreciative and supportive of the sort of gallows humor that I put out there . " Legal analysts are split on whether Reddit is breaking any laws by allowing its users to post such heinous images . Reddit stressed in its email to CNN that it "  follows all the legal requirements regarding illegal content , including reporting to the proper authorities . "  By its nature , moderators at Reddit have complete control over the subsections they start unless they violate site rules or the law , " it said . CNN legal contributor Sunny Hostin said she believes the website is hosting "  borderline kiddie porn . " CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin noted that while the website may not be breaking any criminal laws , its claim that it can not interfere with its posters because they are protected by the First Amendment is "  not true . " "  If I say something terrible to you on the phone , you can sue me -- you ca n't sue the phone company , " Toobin explained on CNN 's AC360 last year . "  A website is different . A website automatically exercises some control . You can see they have rules there . So the idea that they have no control over their posters , that 's simply wrong . " Brutsch has not been charged with a crime . He was , however , questioned by police because of assertions that he had sex with his stepdaughter . He said it 's not true . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Man behind behind ` Jailbait , ' ` Rape Jokes ' posts on Reddit was recently identified He is a 49-year-old software programmer , who is married with kids Michael Brutsch lost his job after his identity was revealed He told CNN he made ' a huge mistake '
CNN  -- Rapper Gucci Mane was charged in federal court Tuesday with two counts of possessing a firearm as a felon after two September incidents during which he showed a gun and threatened police , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Northern District of Georgia . Reports at the time indicated that the "  Lemonade " rhymer was arrested in Atlanta on September 14 after a friend flagged down police to say he was concerned about the rapper 's behavior . After Gucci Mane became "  increasingly agitated " and threatened officers , police said , he was taken into custody and charged with disorderly conduct , marijuana possession and carrying a handgun . The federal prosecutor 's news release indicates , however , that there were two incidents in September , two days apart and on the same week that Atlantic Records reportedly dropped Gucci Mane , 33 , whose real name is Radric Davis . "  On September 12 , 2013 , Davis , who was a felon at the time , was found in possession of a firearm , " the release said . "  Then , just two days later , on September 14th , he again possessed a firearm different from the earlier gun . On both occasions , Davis displayed the loaded firearm , acted erratically , and made threats to individuals , including police and his attorney . " Atlanta police and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , who are investigating the incident , applauded the arrest . Atlanta Police Chief George Turner said in a statement , "  We can not tolerate convicted felons ignoring the law by carrying firearms and endangering our citizens . " Added U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates , "  This is how people get hurt , and we are committed to ensuring that convicted felons not have guns . " A federal grand jury indicted Davis on November 19 . He made an initial appearance before Magistrate Judge Linda T. Walker and was detained in custody pending trial . Each charge of being a felon in possession of a firearm carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 . In March , Davis was arrested for hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at an Atlanta nightclub . The man told police the incident occurred after he tried to strike up a conversation with the rapper . In 2010 , he was arrested in Atlanta for violating a number of traffic laws , but the charges were dismissed . In 2005 , Davis was charged with murder in the shooting death of a man , but the charge was dropped because of insufficient evidence .	Rapper was charged with 2 counts of being a felon in possession of a firearm Prosecutor : Charges stem from two September incidents involving different guns Gucci Mane was arrested this year and accused of hitting a man with a bottle
Talking about race and class makes people uncomfortable . If that were not the case , we 'd have more open conversations about these issues with our friends , families and co-workers , and would no doubt be a more understanding and loving society across the board . The situation in Ferguson , Missouri , after the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager , throws America 's problem with talking about race into sharp relief . So if adults are having trouble talking openly about race and class , it 's easy to see why some parents are either afraid , uncomfortable or unwilling to bring the topics up with their children . "  Talking about race , dealing with race , explaining race is hard , " blogger Brandi Riley wrote on her Facebook page . Riley , who is African-American , told me her main priority when she talks to her 5-year-old daughter Ayva about race and class is teaching her that it 's OK to be different . "  I do n't want her to think that we 're all the same , or to grow up not seeing color , " said Riley . "  That 's not realistic , and what happens to children that grow up like that is they are n't able to empathize or understand when things like Ferguson happen because ` they do n't get what the problem is . ' " Riley , who blogs about parenting at Mama Knows It All , encourages parents not to be afraid to talk about race with their kids . One of the easiest ways to discuss it , she said , is to read books with children that showcase diversity . "  Expose them to cultures outside of their own through classes , or travel , and be intentional about it , " she said . "  As much as we 'd like to believe it , racial tolerance  and  acceptance does n't just happen . It takes work . It takes being open to understanding and learning about each other 's history , and making the commitment to teach our children as well . " Felicia King , a mother of three in Willingboro , New Jersey , said her family has n't really had an on-going conversation about race because they have friends from so many different countries and cultures and have n't personally had to deal with racism . That said , King did talk to her son , who is 25 and almost 6 feet tall , about dealing with police officers -- a conversation many parents of color say they 've had with their sons . She 's made it clear that he has to be prepared for the possibility that some authority figures will judge him by his race before anything else . Opinion : Are we Ferguson ? "  I taught him you must , when you 're with an officer or anyone else say , ` Yes sir . ' Give them that respect first and it benefits you . " The fact that African-American parents have to have that conversation with their sons -- a conversation most white moms would never think of having , pains Marcy Cohen , a white mom with a 1-year-old son in New York City . "  To talk to your child as if your child is seen as a threat is so upsetting , " she said . Cohen said even before her son can talk , she and her husband are doing what they can to expose him to people of all walks of life , races and income levels . As a white boy growing up in a family with economic means , she also wants him to realize he 's lucky and to see all human beings , regardless of race and class , as equal to him . "  I feel like there 's a fear of others that we put into our children and I desperately do not want to put that on him , " the stay-at-home mom said . For some white parents , there is a discomfort about talking about race especially since it 's not something they live every day . There is also the painful realization of some of the social and economic benefits for whites of systemic racism , said blogger Elizabeth Broadbent , creator of the site Manic Pixie Dream Mama . In a blog post that has been widely shared in social media , the mom of three sons challenged white parents to recognize and talk with their children about "  white privilege . " "  For a mother , white privilege means your heart does n't hit your throat when your kids walk out the door . It means you do n't worry that the cops will shoot your sons , " Broadbent wrote . "  It carries another burden instead . White privilege means that if you do n't school your sons about it , if you do n't insist on its reality and call out oppression , your sons may become something terrifying . Your sons may become the shooters . " It is uncomfortable and scary for some people to recognize the "  unfairness and injustice " in a country that was , in some ways , "  founded on the principles of white supremacy and continues to maintain itself on principles of white supremacy , " said Stephen Pimpare , author of "  A People 's History of Poverty . " "  What I think is often very frustrating to poor and low income people who tend to be disproportionally people of color is the sense that people in positions of power do n't recognize that and are still sort of in denial about that , " said Pimpare , who is also an adjunct associate professor at Columbia University and New York University . Parents who live that reality day-in and day-out ca n't help but share their experiences with their children . Shelly Watson of Berkeley , California , an African-American woman with a biracial father , said her parents talked with her about race when she was very young and she has had similar conversations with her daughter , now 21 . "  I 've always taught my daughter that racism is still there and a lot of times it 's very subtle , " said Watson , who works at a major health care company as a computer coder specializing in electronic medical records . She said she 's always told her daughter that as an African-American woman , she is "  going to be looked at differently . " Watson experienced that herself the day before our conversation when , during a visit to a New York City department store , she says she was followed around as she shopped . "  So when people say race does n't matter , that is not true , " she said . "  Racism will never die in this country until people change the way they perceive others and otherness in general . " Watson 's daughter , Persiah Acorn , said she did n't really understand what her mother was talking about until she encountered racism in high school . Since then , she has watched people perceive her a certain way just because of the color of her skin . "  If I had on , let 's say , clothes just like you , let 's say I even worked at CNN , it would n't make a difference . People still treat me the same way because I 'm African-American , " said Acorn , a senior at Howard University . Opinion : Ferguson : The signal it sends about America "  People still scoot away from me on the subway . I 've had open seats and no one sits next to me , and it makes me wonder why . ... For some reason , there 's still almost a fear or a distaste for me just because of my race . " One way to bridge the distance , Pimpare said , is to embrace the scary and uncomfortable -- and have conversations about race with our children . "  We 're terrible about talking about race in particular and the way that we get better at talking about race is talking about race , and we have to find ways to do it , " he said . What do you think is the best way to talk to children about race and class ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	"  Talking about race ... explaining race is hard , " writes an African-American blogger Some parents are either afraid , uncomfortable or unwilling to bring the topic up with their kids Exposing children to diversity through books and travel can be a way to have the conversation "  The way that we get better at talking about race is talking about race , " said an author
CNN  -- The federal government must get out of the business of collecting bulk data about Americans ' telephone calls , President Barack Obama said Thursday , saying the information should instead be held by phone carriers who would then provide the material to counterterrorism agencies . The shift came after the collection program , administered by the National Security Agency , was revealed by former government contractor Edward Snowden . The bulk collection of telephone records was criticized as a major breach of Americans ' privacy , and Obama vowed to make changes to the program while maintaining the ability to keep the country safe from terrorist attacks . "  I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk , " Obama said in a written statement . "  Instead , the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today . " A months-long review led to the decision , which Obama announced while on an overseas tour of Europe and Saudi Arabia . Congress would have to approve the plan ; this week , the House Intelligence Committee introduced similar legislation that would end government collection of phone data . Officials said the White House-proposed changes would require a federal court to grant its approval before the government could obtain phone records from carriers . Those records contain information about calls made to individual phone numbers but do not include the content of the calls . Among the provisions included in the White House 's suggested law is an "  emergency " clause allowing the government to collect phone data without court approval . A senior administration official , speaking anonymously , said high-level government officials would determine what situations amount to national security emergencies , though the official did n't offer a definition of what might constitute such an occasion . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Under the new rules , phone companies would be compelled to provide technical assistance to the government during the collection process . That includes making sure the information is produced quickly and in a usable format . A U.S. official said the White House had "  fairly high-level discussions with some of the providers " to discuss the changes and how they 'd affect individual businesses . Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes was largely lukewarm . A spokesman for Sprint said the company was reviewing the proposal , while AT&T declined to comment . Randal Milch , general counsel and executive vice president at Verizon , said the telecom giant supported the plan to end government collection of data but added that the new rules "  should not require companies to store data for longer than , or in formats that differ from , what they already do for business purposes . " "  If Verizon receives a valid request for business records , we will respond in a timely way , but companies should not be required to create , analyze or retain records for reasons other than business purposes , " he wrote . Because the current authorization for the government phone data collection program expires this week , officials said the government would seek an additional 90-day approval period while the proposed legislation makes its way through Congress . On Tuesday , Reps. Mike Rogers of Michigan and Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland -- the top Republican and Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee -- unveiled their own plan for ending the automatic NSA collection of phone metadata . The issue touches on deep political and ideological fissures between Republicans and Democrats , promising an extended battle in Congress over the necessary legislation , especially in an election year . On Thursday , Republican Sen. Rand Paul took harsh aim at Obama 's record on privacy as the President was meeting with Pope Francis in Rome . " @BarackObama to @Pontifex : Forgive me father for I have spied . #NSA , " tweeted Paul , who 's been one of the fiercest critics of the NSA spying programs that Snowden helped reveal . Those leaks unleashed a political firestorm , with privacy advocates and others calling the NSA surveillance programs a violation of constitutional rights . In particular , many Americans feared inevitable abuse of a system in which the government collected billions of phone records for possible review in terrorism investigations . Snowden , now living in Russia while seeking asylum from U.S. prosecution , has repeatedly described the surveillance programs illuminated by his leaks as unconstitutional . Several legal challenges have been mounted against the NSA programs , and some of those cases could reach the Supreme Court in coming years to set up a judicial review of the constitutional limits of government surveillance in the post-9 / 11 era . Opinion : Get the government out of your phone records CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Initial industry reaction to the proposed changes is largely lukewarm Data should stay with phone companies , President says Court approval would be required before the government could obtain phone records The White House plan would need congressional approval
Hunter Biden , Vice President Joe Biden 's son , was discharged from the Navy Reserve this year after failing a drug test , The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday night . Biden , who got the boot after testing positive for cocaine , served part time in the reserves in Norfolk , Va. while also working as a partner at an investment firm . Who is Hunter Biden ? Hunter graduated from Georgetown University and earned a law degree from Yale . After graduation he was a member of the Jesuit Volunteer Corps Northwest . He 's lesser known than his older brother , Beau Biden , now the Delaware attorney general , who served a year-long deployment in Iraq and has announced plans for a 2016 gubernatorial run in the state . Biden 's son discharged from Navy after testing positive for cocaine What did he do in the military ? Hunter 's membership in the American armed forces was brief : He enlisted in the Navy Reserves less than two years ago . In January 2013 , the Vice President joked about his son 's decision to join the military later in life . "  We have a lot of bad judgment in my family , " Biden said . The Vice President 's office has not yet released a comment about Hunter 's discharge . But the announcement might not fare well for the Second Family , which touts their status as a military family in speeches and public appearances . Hunter Biden said in a statement that it was "  the honor of my life to serve in the U.S. Navy , and I deeply regret and am embarrassed that my actions led to my administrative discharge . I respect the Navy 's decision . With the love and support of my family , I 'm moving forward . " Does he have much experience in politics or Washington ? Yes -- both in the public and private sectors . He was appointed by President Bill Clinton to serve as a director in the Department of Commerce handling ecommerce policy issues , a post he held from 1998 to 2001 . From 2001 to 2008 , he worked as a lawyer and federal lobbyist at a firm he co-founded . He resigned from this post when his father was asked by then-Senator Barack Obama , who at the time refused donations from lobbyists , to join his presidential ticket . Along the way , he 's enjoyed stints as chairman of PARADIGM , a hedge fund agency . He also held a job as senior vice president at MBNA Corporation , the world 's largest independent credit-card issuer at the time . In 2006 , President George Bush nominated Hunter to serve on the Amtrak board of directors . He served a five-year term after a unanimous confirmation by the U.S. Senate . What has he been up to recently ? In May 2014 , Hunter signed on as a lawyer and board member of Burisma Holdings Ltd. , a large Ukrainian gas production company . The appointment caused a stir , given that it occurred around the same time that his father and the White House were engaged in diplomatic missions in the region to wean Ukraine off Russian energy sources . Critics argued that Hunter 's work for a country promoting Ukrainian energy independence was a blatant conflict of interest . But , the Vice President 's office brushed off the controversy , insisting that Hunter is a private citizen whose actions do n't represent the views of the government That brings us to the present day . Hunter may no longer be in the Navy , but he still has his hands in public service . He 's the board chairman at World Food Program USA , an organization fighting poverty and hunger , and he serves on the President 's Advisory board of the Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington Hunter also has a job at his alma mater as an adjunct professor at Georgetown 's School of Foreign Service . He is married and has three daughters .	Hunter Biden was discharged from the military this week after failing a drug test . He is a graduate of Georgetown University and Yale Law School . He 's held jobs in many fields , including stints as a lawyer and a lobbyist .
EW.com  -- Congratulations are in order , sorta , for Peter Jackson and his Hobbit team . According to TorrentFreak 's annual list , the first film in their trilogy was downloaded well over eight million times in 2013 , making it the year 's most pirated movie . It was n't , however , a runaway victory . "  An Unexpected Journey " was followed closely by "  Django Unchained , " which has an estimated download count of 8.1 million -- just 300,000 fewer than "  The Hobbit , " even though "  The Hobbit 's " worldwide box office take was more than twice what Django made . Two blockbuster sequels -- "  Fast and Furious 6 " and "  Iron Man 3 " -- plus a surprisingly high-performing Oscar nominee  "  Silver Linings Playbook "  round out the top 5 . But as TorrentFreak notes , the list also holds a few surprises : Though one Jennifer Lawrence film made the list , another , much bigger one -- "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " -- did n't .  Maybe we can blame this on Catching Fire 's November release date .  High grossers like "  Man of Steel " and "  Gravity " are absent as well , though "  Gangster Squad , " with its modest worldwide gross of $ 105,200,903 , somehow eked out the number 7 spot . Still not as weird as last year , when "  Project X " somehow reigned as the list 's top movie . See below for the full top 10 . Note , though , that there 's no way to draw data from online streaming and cyberlocker download sources -- which means that total piracy numbers are probably significantly higher than these . 1 . The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey  estimated downloads : 8,400,000 2 . Django Unchained  estimated downloads : 8,100,000 3 . Fast And Furious 6  estimated downloads : 7,900,000 4 . Iron Man 3  estimated downloads : 7,600,000 5 . Silver Linings Playbook  estimated downloads : 7,500,000 6 . Star Trek Into Darkness  estimated downloads : 7,400,000 7 . Gangster Squad  estimated downloads : 7,200,000 8 . Now You See Me  estimated downloads : 7,000,000 9 . The Hangover Part 3  estimated downloads : 6,900,000 10 . World War Z  estimated downloads : 6,700,000 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " had about 8.4 million downloads It was followed closely by "  Django Unchained " Total piracy numbers are probably significantly higher
CNN  -- For some people , it 's been an open question : Is six seconds , the limit before a Vine video starts looping over and over again , enough time for real creativity ? The answer is yes . About 24 hours into the existence of Vine , Twitter 's appropriately brief video-sharing app , it 's already clear that users are doing really cool stuff with it -- in much the same way that people found ways to be funny or insightful with just 140 characters of text . Sure , a lot of the Vine posts we 're seeing are random images of crap on people 's desks , their lunches or their cats .  Would it really be the Internet without cats ? But why focus on the negative when you can accentuate the positive ? Here are a few of the most interesting Vines we 've seen so far . Let us know of ones we missed in the comments . .	Twitter 's video-sharing app , Vine , launched Thursday Already , some folks are finding ways to be creative with it From Jimmy Fallon to the Australian Open , Vine clips are flooding Twitter
CNN  I happen to agree with Renee Zellweger that all the chatter about her face is "  silly . " But I , and many other women I talked with via email Wednesday , would add some other choice words to the mix to describe the non-stop attention about her appearance following her first red carpet event in years : nasty , cruel , hurtful , invasive and sexist . Why do we , the public , feel so free to pick apart the appearance of a woman who is aging in the public eye ? What does this say about us and how we treat and value women ? It 's a "  double bind , " said Lyz Lenz , a writer and blogger , and mother of two small children in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . We tell women "  to look youthful and perfect , but when they do what it takes to reach that standard , we shun them and mock them , " said Lenz . Beth Engelman , mom of a 9-year-old son in Chicago , agreed that we put aging women in a no-win situation . "  As they age , they either look old  which is never pleasant to hear  or they look scary  because they 've had so much plastic surgery  and everyone feels entitled to weigh in , " said Engelman , co-founder of Mommy on a Shoestring . Many of those slamming Zellwegger 's appearance were women , which to some women is more upsetting than any of the criticisms coming from men . "  I find that women are the worst , " said Rhonda Woods , a mom of three in New Milford , Connecticut , and a real estate executive . "  People should be ` judged ' on their skills , abilities , character and intellect , and by judged , I mean assessed as a person that you would want to spend time with . " There is no question that those in the public spotlight are held to a higher standard but not really for any logical reason , said Woods . "  They are human and are allowed to do whatever they would like to do to their body that makes them feel good , " she said . If Renee Zellweger is "  comfortable " with how she looks , "  what right does anyone have to criticize her ? " Annette Lanteri , an attorney and mom of two in Bayport , New York , agreed . "  It is her life , her choice , her body and poo poo on the people that say mean and hurtful things . They need to get a life of their own , " she said . Sadly , the furor over Zellweger , much of it online , is another example of a culture that seems so comfortable tearing people down . It was just Monday when Monica Lewinsky received rave reviews after a speech at Forbes ' 30 Under 30 Summit where she dedicated herself to help end the "  shame game " online that caused her so much pain 16 years ago . Zellweger has said that she looks different because she is "  living a different , happy , more fulfilling life , and I 'm thrilled that perhaps it shows . " "  Are we a society of people that are so jealous or maybe even fearful that others are living a fulfilled life ... that we have to spill out cruel words ? " said parenting advocate Sue Scheff . There is a larger concern here , many women said , and that is that we live in a culture that continues to correlate youth with beauty , said Michelle Noehren , founder and manager of Connecticut Working Moms . "  It 's easy to judge others for actions we do n't fully understand but we do a detriment to all women when we criticize each other , especially when the criticism is related to our bodies and appearance , " said Noehren , a mom of a 3-year-old in Glastonbury , Connecticut . "  We 'd be much better off criticizing a culture that makes women feel badly about themselves if they do n't fall into our media 's unrealistic and unattainable beauty ideals . " Diane Smith , an Emmy-award winning television journalist , brought up a book she just finished reading , "  The Confidence Code , " about why women might suffer from a lack of confidence as compared to men . "  It is pretty clear that when women are subjected to this kind of unsolicited commentary , it does nothing to increase confidence or help women understand that their value goes way beyond their looks , " said Smith , co-author of the recent New York Times bestseller "  Obsessed : America 's Food Addiction and My Own . " I 've written story after story about how we want to do everything we can to build up confidence in our girls and remove any notion that their worth is connected to their appearance . So , what kind of message does all this talk about Zellweger 's face and whether she did or did not use plastic surgery send to our daughters and our sons ? "  Our kids need to understand that people , whether they are celebrities or not , have feelings that we need to respect , " said Scheff , author of "  Wit 's End : Advice and Resources for Saving Your Out-of-Control Teen . " But first , their parents need to absorb the lesson . What do you think the public criticism of Renee Zellweger 's new look says about us ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Renee Zellweger 's appearance at an event led to non-stop talk about her face The actress issued a statement , calling all the attention "  silly " Women around the country were outraged at the ease with which she was criticized Women are in a no-win situation when it comes to aging , many women said
CNN  -- Ah , fandom , it 's a curious and wonderful thing . When it was announced last year that we would be getting a Green Day version of "  Rock Band , " fans of the band  myself included  were pretty excited . The band that helped turn the '90s punk-rock revival into a more mainstream , pop-radio movement would be getting some major attention in the digital world . When the game was released on Tuesday , I could n't wait to get home and see if I could play like Tre Cool or sing like Billie Joe Armstrong . But with so many other versions of "  Rock Band " out there , why would you want to spend money on this game ? Well , for starters , any fanboy or fangirl will love the loading screens with Green Day specific graphics and sounds . You also get to view cool memorabilia , like still photos and rare video footage of the band , for completing songs in career mode . Playing songs like "  When I Come Around " and "  Pulling Teeth " brings back memories of college days , and yes , I will admit I wish they had put "  All By Myself " in the game , because it 's the only hidden track that Green Day has ever included on an album . Maybe an Easter egg is hiding in the shadows for us to discover ? There are also unique drum lessons written specifically for this version of the game . From what I 've seen , even veteran Rock Band players will need them . Most of the songs included in the game are ones that fans of Green Day can listen to again and again . Now we can also tell our friends , "  yeah , I five-starred ` Brain Stew/Jaded ! ' " Hardcore "  Rock Band " fans have posted videos on YouTube of themselves playing in expert mode and achieving five gold stars , which is something that not even the members of Green Day were able to do , according to a recent interview with MTV . The graphics are really well done in this game and the motion-capture technique used to animate the Green Day doppelganger is pretty impressive . When the piano opening to "  Viva La Gloria  Little Girl  " starts playing , Billie Joe encourages the audience to clap and fakes surprise when the piano stops before the song kicks into high gear . It 's almost like being at a concert -- I nearly forgot I was supposed to start singing . Also notable is that the band 's clothing choices match the theme and era of each album . "  21st Century Breakdown " has an almost steampunk feel to it . In the Oakland venue the band is decked out in waistcoats , trousers and pin-striped shirts to match the vibe of the album . As with most of the "  Rock Band " games , when you earn four stars or more on a song , you get a reward . In this case , you get "  cred " instead of "  fans " and with that the ability to open up more sets with tougher songs like "  Peacemaker " from "  21st Century Breakdown " -- a fun , fast-paced song about death and destruction . All the members of Green Day play an instrument and sing at the same time , which is no small feat given the technical difficulty of the bass lines and Tre Cool 's blazing fast drumming speed . My other "  band mate " was busy clacking away on his guitar and would n't have been able to sing if he tried , nor would I when behind my electronic drum kit . Sore arms and scratchy voice aside , "  Green Day : Rock Band " is a lot of fun . Fans both new and old will enjoy playing along with their favorite songs . We may not all be able to unlock achievements like "  It 's All Fun Until Someone Gets Hurt " or "  Louder Than Bombs or Eternity , " but we 'll have fun trying .	The video game 's career mode offers rare video footage of the band playing Want to drum like Tre Cool ? You might need the "  Green Day : Rock Band " - specific drum lessons Details make this game exciting for fans -- even wardrobe is varied and historically correct
CNN  -- There is a region of the world where the weather is always hot and humid and it rains almost every day of the year . Sounds predictable , right ? But weather in the Intertropical Convergence Zone , or ITCZ , can be volatile and dangerous . Air France Flight 447 went down in a volatile zone along the equator between South America and Africa . The Intertropical Convergence Zone , which circles the Earth near the equator , is where officials say Air France Flight 447 plunged into the Atlantic Ocean . While weather has not been cited as a reason for the plane 's crash , the tragedy does call attention to the region . The ITCZ is a belt of low pressure that wraps around the planet . Clouds and storms form along it because it is literally where the winds of the world 's hemispheres meet . High pressure in the Northern Hemisphere churns air from the northeast toward the equator . On the flip side , air is steered from the southeast by high pressure in the Southern Hemisphere . The winds that move this air toward the equator are also known as "  trade winds " and converge in the middle of the tropics . That 's where the Intertropical Convergence Zone name comes from . Here , air and water temperatures are typically in the mid-80s . The warm , moist air is heated further by the blazing tropical sun . Steamy air , coming off the ocean , rises until it hits cooler , drier air aloft , forming clouds and thunderstorms . These gigantic storms contain volatile updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph . The height of these storms also can tower to more than 10 miles in the air . Even if you stacked two dozen of the world 's tallest skyscrapers on top of each other , they still would n't reach the tops of the biggest thunderstorms of the ITCZ . Former Air Force meteorologist Tim Vasquez wrote about thunderstorms over the Atlantic at the time of the Air France plane 's disappearance on his Web site , weathergraphics.com . "  Based on the infrared satellite imagery , I was able to ... estimate the altitude of the thunderstorms at around 51,000 feet , " he told CNN in a phone interview . Vasquez himself has flown through the ITCZ at least half a dozen times . "  I remember flying from Guam to the Philippines , constantly weaving around the thunderstorms . Sometimes , though , pilots are forced to fly through them , " he said . That 's because commercial airliners can not fly above 50,000 feet . In addition , ITCZ thunderstorms can merge with one another to stretch far and wide , covering hundreds of miles . The crew of Air France Flight 447 reported severe turbulence shortly before the plane disappeared . How did the plane break into pieces ? " When it 's not storming in the ITCZ , the weather can be completely calm , with little to no wind . This stretch of ocean was particularly dreaded by sailors of the 19th century , who named it "  The Doldrums , " because its lack of wind could leave them stuck at sea , unable to propel forward . Despite these challenges and dangers , planes and ships successfully cross the ITZC every day , thanks in part to technology that has made it easier to see where the thunderstorms are . Here are some commonly asked questions : Can hurricanes form in the ITCZ ? It 's extremely rare for a hurricane to form near the equator . However , the ITCZ does n't stay in one place all year long . In the summer , for example , it drifts more northward , where it 's possible for tropical cyclones to develop from the thunderstorms there . What does the ITCZ have to do with the "  monsoon season " in Asia ? Since the position of the ITCZ fluctuates , the location of the heaviest rainfalls varies depending on the time of year . When the zone drifts more northward in May and June , it brings the rainy season to places like Southeast Asia and India . The term "  monsoon " refers to a seasonal reversal of winds .	Weather in the ITCZ , where the Air France plane went down , is volatile The zone circles the Earth near the equator and can produce violent thunderstorms These storms contain updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph Because the storms are so huge , it can be difficult for airliners to avoid them
CNN  Dr. John Allen , a gastroenterologist , had to morph into a detective when 10 of his patients came down with the exact same type of rare bacterial infection . Alarmed and mystified , he and his colleagues rushed to find the source of the highly lethal superbug . The culprit , it turned out , was in his own office : a device called a duodenoscope used to check out tiny ducts in the intestinal tract . The pseudomonas bacteria had somehow evaded the standard cleaning process , and it infected one patient after another . If this sounds familiar , it 's because duodeonoscopes were also the cause of recent infections and deaths at UCLA . But Allen 's patients in Minnesota were infected in 1987 -- and now doctors and members of Congress say they 're concerned the Food and Drug Administration might have missed the problem for decades . CRE outbreak : You 're due to go in for a procedure . Should you ? "  This problem has been known since at least 1987 , " said Allen , the president of the American Gastroenterological Association . "  It certainly is disturbing that a fundamental design issue with these scopes would cause problems for this long . " On Thursday , the FDA issued advice to hospitals that in addition to following the manufacturer 's cleaning instructions , they should "  meticulously " clean by hand the specific portion of the device believed to harbor the bacteria . According to FDA spokewoman Leslie Wooldridge , this is the first time the FDA communicated such advice for duodenoscopes . On Monday , Rep. Ted Lieu , D-California , called for congressional hearings . "  For the life of me , I do n't understand why the FDA did n't issue this advice until now , " he said . "  I want to know what the FDA knew and when did they know it . " Understanding CRE , the ` nightmare ' superbug Dr. William Maisel , deputy director of science and chief scientist at the FDA 's Center for Devices and Radiological Health , said it was n't until 2013 that there was "  convincing evidence " that duodenoscopes could harbor antibiotic-resistant infections even when the manufacturer 's cleaning instructions were followed properly , and the agency issued the advisory last week after doing research "  so we felt we understood the issue sufficiently . " Over the years , the FDA also received dozens of reports about infections from duodenoscopes . "  We receive a million adverse event reports -LSB- on various devices -RSB- each year , and we evaluate the reports based on the information that 's provided , " he said . But outside the FDA , there was significant concern before 2013 that duodenoscopes -- in particular a small mechanism called the elevator wire -- were difficult if not impossible to clean thoroughly . In 2010 , safety expert Lawrence Muscarella published an article in the journal Endoscopy calling for special attention to the elevator wire , and in 2011 , a consortium of medical societies warned that automatic cleaning processes did n't always effectively disinfect duodenoscopes and so manual cleaning should be performed . But some experts question whether even the most meticulous and diligent manual cleaning will get all the bacteria . After an outbreak in 2013 , a hospital in Illinois tried to get the highly lethal superbug CRE out of a duodenoscope and failed , according to Allen . "  They really went to extremes , but they still could n't decontaminate the scope , and they finally had to just destroy it , " said Allen , now the clinical chief of digestive diseases at Yale School of Medicine . Doctors hope that manufacturers will come up with a plan soon . "  I do think it will take a redesign of the scope to solve the problem , or new sterilization technology , " said Dr. Bret Peterson , a professor of medicine at the Mayo Clinic and lead author of the 2011 guidelines from the medical societies . Olympus , which manufactured the scope used at UCLA , did not respond to CNN 's requests for comments specific to this story . "  This is clearly a matter that needs addressing , " said Dr. John Greene , an infectious disease expert at the Moffitt Cancer Center who published an article in 2013 on a duodenoscope outbreak in Tampa . "  We really should have done this sooner . "	Duodeonoscopes were the cause of recent superbug infections and deaths at UCLA The FDA issued cleaning guidance last Thursday Doctors say they 've known about the trouble of cleaning them at least since 1987
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before Adam Walsh , Etan Patz and Madeleine McCann , before the first Amber Alert , before a young face stared back from the side of a milk carton , there was Danny . Danny Barter was 4 when he vanished in 1959 while on a family camping trip . Danny Barter vanished in 1959 . He was on a family camping trip to Alabama 's Perdido Bay . He was playing with his dad one minute , gone the next . "  Just like that , " recalled his brother Mike Barter . Danny was 4 years old . Last weekend , his loved ones returned to the campsite and to the scene of the presumed stranger abduction . They came to remember Danny and to rededicate a half-century mission to find him . Even with the passage of time , their faith has not wavered . "  We 've never doubted that he 's ... out there , " Mike Barter said . "  Until they prove otherwise , we hope one day we will be reunited . " Their hope has been bolstered by investigators with the FBI and the Baldwin County Sheriff 's Office , which reopened the case last year after hearing of a recent conversation . "  A lead was sparked when someone was sitting in a public area talking about what happened , " FBI spokeswoman Joyce Riggs wrote in an e-mail to the media . As cold case cops know , a wisp of a lead can turn into a big break , a fact FBI Special Agent Angela Tobon believes can solve the Daniel Barter mystery . "  Even if -LSB- people -RSB- think it 's insignificant , it 's probably not , " Tobon said . "  Each little piece of the puzzle may not mean something , but when you put it all together , you get the big picture . " Danny was the third youngest of Paul and Maxine Barter 's seven children . He had brown hair and big brown eyes . "  He 's such a very pretty and sweet child , " his mom told the Mobile Register in an article published June 21 , 1959 . "  I can understand why someone would want to take him , because he 's such a pretty child . " Three days earlier , Danny , his parents and his siblings were enjoying a family outing near the Gulf shore . Danny and his dad had just returned from getting some drinks at a store . Tents were pitched . Fishing poles were prepared . And then someone noticed that Danny was gone . "  I had first believed that despite Danny 's fear of water , he had wandered into the water and drowned , " Maxine Barter told the Mobile Register . "  But not now . I believe he probably walked up the road , and someone picked him up . " The search was extensive and immediate . Hundreds combed the land and the waters , looking for Danny . Bloodhounds were given his scent and dispatched to follow it . Alligators were killed and cut open . But there was no trace of Danny , then or now . For his parents and the police , the sickening conclusion was quickly reached : He was stolen by a human predator . Danny 's mom could not fathom that the kidnapper would bring harm to her boy . "  I hope now that someone did take Danny , because I know if anyone wanted him bad enough to kidnap him , they would take good care of him , " she said . Fifty years later , the family longs for closure . Paul and Maxine Barter are both deceased , but their children carry on the decades-long pursuit to know the truth . On dannybarter.com , a Web site dedicated to finding answers , the family posted this plea to the public : "  We strongly believe that someone out there knows what happened to Danny and possibly knows him as another identity . We hope to find him safe and sound . " The FBI is also seeking information on Danny Barter . It has published two photographs of him on its Web site . One shows the smiling child , taken in the months before Danny was abducted . The other picture is age-progressed , depicting what Danny would look like today at 54 . If you have any information on the Danny Barter case , go to dannybarter.com or contact the FBI , your local police or the Baldwin County Sheriff 's Office in Alabama .	FBI says it has a new lead in a 50-year-old cold case Danny Barter , 4 , is believed to have been taken by a stranger Boy went missing during a family camping trip in Perdido Bay , Alabama FBI says someone was overheard talking about the boy 's abduction
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A senior government official arrived Monday in Cairo amid rumors that he had defected , Egypt 's state-run Al-Ahram newspaper reported . Nasr al-Mabrouk Abdallah arrived with nine of his family members on a private plane from Djerba , Tunisia , the newspaper reported , citing an unidentified airport official . Djerba is about 150 miles  240 kilometers  west of Tripoli . Meanwhile , a U.S. defense official confirmed Monday that Libyan forces loyal to Gadhafi fired a short-range Scud missile on Sunday at a rebel stronghold , but by all accounts the missile failed to reach its target . The official said the missile was launched from a government-held area 50 miles east of Sirte and landed 50 miles east of Brega in the desert . In Cairo , Libyan Embassy officials did not greet Abdallah 's plane when it pulled up to Cairo 's Terminal 4 , which is the arrival point for private planes , fueling speculation that Abdallah may have abandoned leader Moammar Gadhafi , Al-Ahram said . The newspaper and an official at Cairo International Airport identified Abdallah as Libya 's minister of the interior . However , a Libyan government official -- whose information has proved reliable in the past but who is not allowed to talk to the news media for attribution -- identified Abdallah as an administrative director at the Interior Ministry and a former Libyan minister . The official said he could confirm that Abdallah had traveled to Egypt with his family on nonofficial business , but could not specify the nature of the trip . A Libyan government website reported in June that Abdallah had been sworn in as deputy minister of public security . Libya 's interior ministry is called the Ministry of Public Security . Asked about the apparent defection , Tripoli government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said he would not comment on any personal decisions by Abdallah . "  In the last while , we noticed that he had intense social pressures on him . It 's probably not appropriate that we talk about it in detail because it 's personal . " Ibrahim added , "  Truthfully , he has fallen under a lot of social and emotional pressure as we 've noticed . He could n't handle it and preferred that he left . That 's a personal decision . " Abdallah 's departure comes as rebels have been reporting major advances toward their goal of cutting off Libya 's coastal road , the Tripoli regime 's lifeline , and reaching the capital . In the coastal city of al-Zawiya , clashes were ongoing . "  At the moment , it 's quite hard to say who is in complete control of the city , " said Deborah Haynes , a reporter for the Times of London who left the city Monday . "  The rebels say they have 80 % of it under their control , but it is a very fluid situation . " Pro-Gadhafi snipers were holed up in buildings in the main square , where rebels were firing at them with rocket-propelled grenades , she said . Rebel fighters controlled all but the eastern part of the city , said Hassan Jwaili , who is a rebel fighter and a source who has proven reliable in the past . Gadhafi forces shelled al-Zawiya with Grad rockets from nearby Janzur , killing two rebels , bringing the number of dead in al-Zawiya to 11 , with dozens more wounded , Jwaili said . NATO airstrikes , though , have hit Gadhafi forces in Janzur , aiding the rebels , he said . West of al-Zawiya , rebel forces entered the towns of Surman and Sabrata late Sunday , Jwaili said . Twenty-two rebel fighters died and 38 were wounded in the towns , he said . West of Sabrata , rebels surrounded Gadhafi forces inside a military camp , he said . Clashes were continuing for control of Tiji , on the plains of the western mountains , Jwaili said . And in Assaba , east of Qawalish , also in the western mountains , rebel fighters had surrounded the city and negotiations were under way for Gadhafi forces to turn themselves in , Jwaili said . But a Tripoli government spokesman denied the assertions that rebels were advancing . Gadhafi himself , in an address broadcast Monday on Libyan state television , urged Libyans to fight opposition forces and "  cleanse this sweet and honorable land . " Cheers from the crowd accompanied the speech , cries of "  Allah , Libya , Gadhafi and nothing else " at times drowning out Gadhafi . "  We dance and sing despite the strikes ! The strikes will be over and NATO will be defeated , " Gadhafi said . "  Move always forward to the challenge ; pick up your weapons ; go to the fight in order to liberate Libya inch by inch from the traitors and from NATO . Be prepared to fight if they hit the ground . " Claims of control over the city of al-Zawiya -- if true -- would be a strategic blow against government forces , since the road through the city serves as a critical supply line to Tripoli from the west and has an oil terminal . In his news conference Monday evening , Ibrahim denied the assertions and said Gadhafi forces were in "  complete control " of al-Zawiya after having halted rebel attacks there . "  There are a few armed gangs inside the city who took advantage of the opportunity to enter but they are limited , " he said . "  All of south Zawiya is protected . The armed gangs tried to attack people in their homes , occupy a school and raid shops . The government closed off a main road for the protection of the people . " The rebels say that they were the ones who closed the coastal road . Ibrahim said heavy NATO airstrikes were continuing to strike some coastal cities , including al-Zawiya , with the eastern city of al-Brega bearing the brunt of the attacks . "  To be honest , they 're unable to shake our civilians or our youth , " he said . He said the rebels suffered heavy casualties . "  Hundreds of them injured and tens killed . Because of this , now people in the eastern regions and even the armed gangs refer to al-Brega as a cemetery . Al-Brega is synonymous with death . " In Tiji , 40 rebels were killed by pro-Gadhafi forces , who took three tanks and a number of weapons from them , he said . Ibrahim said officials were negotiating with international companies that have expressed interest in returning to Libya , he said . The goal is for them to resume operations "  very soon . " Ibrahim added that the Tripoli government forces were planning to "  free " the key port city of Misrata from rebel forces . "  We ca n't tell everything but we 're in a position to free Misrata , " he said . "  It 's not an easy feat . " Rebel commander al-Zintani rejected Ibrahim 's assertions that Gadhafi 's forces controlled al-Zawiya and Surman , which is also along the western supply road , as well as the government 's claims to Garyan , another city on a key supply route leading to Tripoli from the south . "  The next few days will prove him wrong , " the rebel field commander predicted . NATO said Sunday it had struck a Gadhafi military facility in Garyan . Rebel spokesman Jumma Ibrahim has said that rebels control the coastal road connecting al-Zawiya with a post on the Tunisia border , but that Gadhafi forces still controlled the post . Reports from Tunisia 's state-owned Tataouine radio corroborated the account . CNN has not been able to independently confirm battle claims , including who controls al-Zawiya . Daily claims of rebel successes indicate rapid progress when compared with positions rebels claimed on previous days . The government in Tripoli has consistently downplayed claims of rebel victories and played up the strength of Gadhafi 's forces . "  You have to remember we are very powerful , " Musa Ibrahim said Saturday . "  The tens of thousands and tens of thousands of volunteers are armed right now . It does n't matter whether NATO advances or not , whether rebels advance or not , because we will always be able to fight , in a year 's time , in two years , in three years . " Five months into the Libyan war , the rebels have won international support in their effort to oust Gadhafi . They have been aided by NATO airstrikes that began in March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that ordered civilians be protected . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Kareem Khadder , Amir Ahmed , Salma Abdelaziz , Kamal Ghattas , Yasmin Amer , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. says Libya fired Scud missile Sunday Spokesman says official 's decision to leave was "  personal " "  It 's quite hard to say who is in complete control , " says reporter about al-Zawiya Report : Libya 's interior minister arrives in Cairo on a private plane
Eight Los Angeles police officers violated department policy for use of deadly force when they shot two women during last year 's manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner , police chief Charlie Beck said Tuesday . "  I sympathize with the officers , but I have a very high standard for the application of deadly force and the shooting did not meet that standard , " Beck told reporters . Margie Carranza , 47 , and her mother , Emma Hernandez , 71 , were shot as police searched for Dorner , a former police officer who was wanted for killing several people in early February 2013 . The two women were in a pickup truck similar to the one authorities said Dorner was driving and the officers had received reports that the suspect was in the area . ' A tragic cascade of circumstance ' The police chief said Tuesday that state law prohibits him from discussing punishment for individual officers . "  Discipline could be anywhere from extensive retraining up to termination , " according to Beck . "  All officers involved have been assigned to non-field duty since this event occurred . " The two women were out delivering morning newspapers when they were shot . Beck said one of the officers mistook the sound of a paper hitting the ground as a gunshot and opened fire , followed by other officers also firing their weapons . "  This was a tragic cascade of circumstance that led to an inaccurate conclusion by the officers , " Beck said . Hernandez was shot twice in the back and Carranza suffered injuries from broken glass . City settles They agreed to split a $ 4.2 million settlement , attorneys for the city and the women told reporters in April . The Los Angeles City Council approved the payout in June . Earlier , the women received $ 40,000 to replace their bullet-riddled pickup truck in a separate settlement . Dorner died February 12 while holed up in a cabin in Bear Lake , California , that caught fire when police fired tear gas canisters into it . Days before , he had killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades before apparently taking his own life in the cabin . Dorner declared war on police in a manifesto after being fired by the LAPD in 2009 and losing appeals to be reinstated , claiming that racism in the police department was behind him losing his job .	"  I have a very high standard for the application of deadly force , " police chief Charlie Beck says Discipline for the eight officers could range from retraining up to termination Emma Hernandez was shot in the back and Margie Carranza was injured by broken glass Ex-officer Christopher Dorner declared war on police after being fired by the LAPD
CNN  How quickly it 's all over . And yet , already , begun again . This Sunday 's "  Parts Unknown " marks the end of yet another season and we tried for a soft landing in Jamaica . I 'd like to thank veteran field producer , Josh Ferrell  hopefully you follow his exploits on Twitter @TheMagicalGiant  , for heroically volunteering the use of his mighty buttocks for our carefully crafted Bond-inspired cold open . I sent him and the crew to Margaritaville with every intention of depicting the place as a blight on paradise , but the boys apparently had a wonderful time . I stayed behind that day , lounging about Goldeneye , Ian Fleming 's former sanctum sanctorum , where he wrote all the Bond novels , getting familiar with the feeling of owning a grotto and drinking many excellent rum punches . Thanks also to Chris Blackwell , owner of Goldeneye , creator of Island Records , legendary mentor to Bob Marley . Superb host . Raconteur . Man with a plan and a vision . The show concerns itself , among other things , with who "  owns " paradise . Increasingly , everywhere -- whether New York City , Venice , the Jersey Shore or Jamaica -- people who grow up adjacent to water , to idyllic views , lovely beaches , traditional architecture , can no longer afford to live there . Their homes , their neighborhoods are , in the modern economy , the harsh reality of present day , "  undervalued . " Traditional ways of life , like fishing , seem quaint anachronisms when the simple fact is that you can make a lot more money carrying a golf bag for a tourist , or making blender drinks at Margaritaville . Is that a bad thing ? So many places I look -- even in America , we see a transition to a service economy . Like the Jamaican fishermen we talked to , moving away from the things we once did . We are increasingly a nation in the business  in someone else 's words  of "  selling each other cheeseburgers . " Are there any bad guys in this equation ? I do n't know . Jamaica has a harsh past and an uncomfortable present . In spite of its spectacular and captivating beauty , it is a place that 's easy to romanticize . But one should n't , I think , do that . Like a lot of our shows , we come to no neat conclusions . Only more questions -- which is , I suppose , conclusion enough . We are already well underway shooting another season . Hope you liked this one . Thanks for watching .	Season four of "  Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown " concludes in Jamaica Tony looks at the country 's transition to a service economy The show concerns itself , among other things , with who "  owns " paradise
CNN  -- The fight to point blame in the deadly last voyage of the HMS Bounty is headed for federal court . Family members of deckhand Claudene Christian , one of two Bounty crew members who died in the sinking , filed a $ 90 million civil lawsuit this week against the owners of the three-masted square-rigger , which appeared in several Hollywood films , including the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise . The suit alleges the Bounty was unseaworthy and its captain -- Robin Walbridge -- was negligent when he set sail with his crew of 15 as Hurricane Sandy steamed toward the U.S. Eastern Seaboard . Walbridge was also lost in the shipwreck . His body was never recovered after the vessel took on water in stormy seas and sank on October 29 . Wind gusts above 100 mph and waves as high as 30 feet flipped Bounty on its side , tossing Walbridge and his 15 shipmates into the Atlantic off the coast of North Carolina . Fourteen crew survived . The lawsuit accuses the Bounty 's owners of "  intentionally placing the lives of the crew at extreme risk for the sole purpose of financial gain . " It also provides detailed examples of allegedly poor maintenance and inadequate crew training , which it says contributed to the sinking and Christian 's death . "  As much as I would like to speak my mind , I can not make any comments as of yet , " wrote Bounty owner Robert Hansen in an e-mail to CNN . Arguably the best-known traditionally rigged wooden 18th-century replica ship in the world , the Bounty belonged to the New York-based HMS Bounty Organization , which sailed it from port to port as a tourist attraction . Christian , a 42-year-old former teen beauty queen , had been hired as a Bounty deckhand just five months before . It was her first job aboard a ship . The Bounty was a replica of the 18th-century British vessel that was rocked by an infamous mutiny . Christian , drawn by the romance and adventure surrounding wooden sailing ships , claimed to be a descendent of Bounty mutineer Fletcher Christian . During her college days , she cheered for the University of Southern California as one of its Song Girls . Christian also launched a doll-making company . At one point , she co-owned a bar in Los Angeles . The idea of crewing on a tall ship dawned on her after she visited a replica of Christopher Columbus ' famous wooden vessel La Nina . Her shipmates aboard the Bounty grew to like her always upbeat personality . Read more about Christian and the final voyage of the Bounty The lawsuit comes three months after U.S. Coast Guard and National Transportation Safety Board launched hearings aimed at learning what contributed to the sinking . Crew members testified that Walbridge knowingly set sail toward Hurricane Sandy from New London , Connecticut , en route to St. Petersburg , Florida . He 's featured in a YouTube video where Walbridge explains how to "  get a good ride " out of a hurricane , by sailing "  as close to the eye of it as you can . " "  We chase hurricanes , " Walbridge said in the video . Multiple witnesses also testified that the captain chose to sail knowing there was rot infesting the key parts of the Bounty , including the ships wooden ribs -- known as the frames . Hansen , representing the Bounty 's owners , declined to testify at the hearing , pleading their Fifth Amendment right to avoid self-incrimination . The storm that broke records -- and hearts The lawsuit alleges the owners and Walbridge committed "  negligence " and acts of "  reckless conduct " by "  ignoring unmistakable evidence of rot and deterioration " and the "  clear adverse consequences of concealment rather than proper corrective repairs . " Two days after leaving Connecticut , heavy seas from the approaching storm increased seawater leaking into the ship . The rising water began to overwhelm Bounty 's pumps . Later , the ship 's generators and engines failed , leaving the Bounty at the mercy of Sandy 's fury . Built in 1960 as the featured prop in the Marlon Brando film "  Mutiny on the Bounty , " the 108-foot vessel had been overhauled in 2001 and again in 2006 . The vessel was n't licensed to carry passengers out to sea , which allowed operators to avoid requirements reserved for higher classified ships -- including a sometimes expensive , time-consuming Coast Guard hull inspection every two years . The ship 's classification also allowed it to hire less experienced crew to serve in officer positions . The Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board are expected to issue final reports on their investigation as soon as the end of the year . Widow tells of Bounty 's last moments	Deckhand Claudene Christian , 42 , died when HMS Bounty sank in Hurricane Sandy Family sues ship 's owners for $ 90 million , alleging negligence and reckless conduct U.S. Coast Guard and federal transportation officials are investigating the shipwreck Body of Bounty 's longtime captain , Robin Walbridge , was never recovered
CNN  -- Dozens of children called for freedom , held anti-government signs and criticized President Bashar al-Assad in at least two Syrian cities on Sunday , a day before al-Assad planned to make another speech to the unsettled nation . In a video posted on YouTube , showing a demonstration the cameraman claims took place Sunday in the Damascus suburb of Kaboon , dozens of mostly young people walk down a street brandishing signs , chanting and in some cases wearing party hats with messages on them . They are joined by a handful of adults , including one man who puts a boy on his shoulders as they march . Another YouTube video , purportedly from the coastal city of Latakia , shows a group of young boys clapping and voicing anti-government sentiments . One boy leads the chants , with no adults visible . The repeated phrases range from the patriotic "  Long live Syria " to others targeting Syria 's leader with slogans like "  Bashar al-Assad go away " and "  The people need the fall of the regime . " Middle East , North Africa : Unrest country by country An opposition activist , who spoke to CNN from Syria on condition of anonymity , said that such demonstrations have become a daily ritual in the Middle Eastern country , with children embracing their parents ' politics and following their lead in voicing their views publicly . Parents and teachers are often nearby in these protests , which typically happen in neighborhoods near homes or schools , the activist claimed . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of videos . The network has not been allowed into Syria to cover the unrest and draws from social media and interviews with witnesses on the ground there to inform its reporting . There was no indication of violence Sunday , unlike what 's been reported during dozens of other protests that have erupted since the mid-March arrest of teens for writing anti-government graffiti in Daraa . More than 1,100 people may have died in subsequent unrest across Syria , according to the human rights activist group Amnesty International . Critics have accused forces loyal to al-Assad of targeting defenseless demonstrators and hindering outside help for those in need . The Syrian government has consistently blamed the protest casualties on "  armed gangs . " Al-Assad on Monday afternoon will deliver his third speech in recent months about the situation in Syria , according to the official SANA news agency . International pressure against the Damascus government has steadily grown , with calls from political leaders in the United States , Europe and elsewhere criticizing the perceived government clampdown on demonstrators . Beatrice Megevand-Roggo , the Red Cross ' director for the Near East and Middle East , said in an interview posted last month on the group 's website that a lack of information and access has greatly hindered humanitarian assistance to Syria . The head of her group , International Committee of the Red Cross President Jakob Kellenberger , will arrive in the Syrian capital on Sunday night , the organization announced via Twitter . He plans to "  discuss the humanitarian situation " and the role of the Red Cross with Syrian authorities , the nonprofit group said . Kellenberger 's visit comes two days after another high-profile activist -- actress and U.N. goodwill ambassador Angelina Jolie -- met with Syrian refugees in Turkey and drew attention to the anguish faced by families affected by the violence and reported government crackdown . The Turkish government said Saturday more than 10,100 Syrians have crossed the border . About 3,000 more were huddled on the Syrian border near Badama , eyewitness Jameel Saib told CNN Saturday . The refugees that Jolie visited are living in four camps managed by Turkey and the Turkish Red Crescent , reports the U.N. 's refugee agency . "  The people in this camp have fled in fear for their lives , and many told me they were distraught about the safety of loved ones still in Syria , " Jolie said , according to the U.N. group . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	NEW : Videos show children in two cities apparently protesting against Syria 's government President Bashar al-Assad will give a speech Monday , state-run media reports The head of the Red Cross is visiting Damascus for talks with officials , the group said More than 1,100 people have died in the unrest , Amnesty International reports
Washington  CNN  -- One hundred and two canvases all with similar composition but different colors hung edge-to-edge make up the totality of Andy Warhol 's painting called "  Shadows " currently on display at the Hirshhorn Museum in Washington . This marks the first time all of the canvases , which were completed over thirty years ago , have been displayed together as Warhol intended . There are n't many museums with enough unbroken wall space to hold the entire piece . The canvases , each measuring four by six feet are hung edge-to-edge as the artist intended covering a continuous 451 linear feet on the gallery wall making it longer than a football field . "  These galleries are just curved enough to give you flow , or push our visitors through the space , " said Associate Curator Evelyn Hankins . "  There 's this kind of beautiful dialogue or conversation between the art and the architecture . " "  It gives you goose bumps . It shows the elasticity of the painting and the concept , " said Yasmil Raymond , a curator at the Dia Art Foundation that owns the painting . Only 83 canvases of the work were shown at the first displayed in 1979 at the Heiner Friedrich gallery in New York . They took up several galleries , the continuity broken every time the work came to a corner or a door . "  On the one hand , this installation is about the gestalt , the overwhelming effect of seeing all of these paintings that continue beyond the realm of sight , " said Hankins . "  And then , it 's about looking at the individual objects at the same time . " The artist used seventeen different colors from chartreuse to Day-Glo acid green to a dull brown to create the backgrounds for the canvases . Then one of two styles of "  peaks " was silk screened onto the backgrounds , creating a repetitive pattern when the canvases are hung side-by-side . The type of paint stroke used for the backgrounds varies , so that even the canvases with similar colors look different up close . The silk screened image or "  shadow " is always flat . "  It 's a silk screen that I mop over with paint , " said Warhol about the Shadows when it was first displayed . And the curators believe that Warhol , or perhaps one of his assistants , did use an actual mop when creating some of the backgrounds . The February 1979 issue of New York Magazine quotes Warhol saying , "  Someone asked me if I though they were art and I said no . You see , the opening party had a disco . I guess that makes them disco dÃ © cor . " In the late 1970s , Warhol experimented with abstractions , a departure from the pop culture inspired works for which he is known . "  This work comes in a moment when he is reinventing what he wants to do as a painter , " said Raymond pointing out Warhol stuck with the vivid colors that he had used since the early 1960s . Pragmatically , hanging the paintings edge-to-edge was not as easy as you might think Hankins said because the canvas frames have warped over time . "  Humidity changes the canvas and changes the center bar that the canvas is on , " she said . "  Wood changes , so none of them are perfectly straight . To hang them edge-to-edge and keep them straight is an extraordinary task . " "  Shadows " will be on exhibit at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden , the Smithsonian Institution 's museum dedicated to modern and contemporary art until January 15 , 2012 . Across the National Mall from the Hirshhorn at the National Gallery , more of Warhol 's art can be seen in an exhibit on to his work with news headlines that runs through January 2 , 2012 .	This is the first time all of the canvases have been displayed together as Warhol intended In the late 1970s , Warhol experimented with abstractions , departing from pop culture inspired works The canvases , each measuring four by six feet are hung edge-to-edge as the artist intended
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- He 's smashed world records and revolutionized running during his illustrious career . And yet the name of Filbert Bayi has almost been forgotten . The date was February 2 , 1974 and the stage was the men 's 1500-meter final at the 1974 Commonwealth Games in Christchurch , New Zealand . Leading from the start , Tanzanian Bayi continued at a blistering pace throughout the race to cross the finish line first in a race that 's often described as the greatest middle distance event of all time . His record-breaking time ? Three minutes and 32.2 seconds . It would take five more years for Great Britain 's Sebastian Coe to break that achievement . Today , 40 years on , Bayi 's phenomenal performance remains a Commonwealth record . "  I changed the system of running , " Bayi tells CNN . "  In those years before I broke the record , most of the athletes were running in the group , waiting for the last 200 meters and sprint . "  I changed the whole system -LSB- and -RSB- ran from beginning to the end . Very few people appreciate that . Just because I did n't win a gold medal in the Olympic Games but still my -LSB- Commonwealth Games -RSB- record stays for 40 years . " Tanzania 's most decorated athlete was born in the Rift Valley -- a region renowned for producing some of the world 's best runners . He says the area 's high altitude and farming lifestyle cultivate the skills required for long distance running . From cow herder to track superstar "  My parents were farmers , cow herders . When I was a kid , I used to take care of the goats or cows , " he explains . "  And up there in the bush , you do hunting , running with the dog , running with the animals and running with the cows and all that , I think , made me built me some stamina . " In 1961 , at the age of six , Bayi started school . Its location was two miles away from where his family lived . "  So every morning I had to run to school , then I had to go back for lunch . Then I had to go for afternoon classes . So you can imagine I ran about eight miles a day . That made a lot of stamina in my body . " Through his years at primary school , Bayi continued to excel as an athlete immersing himself in competitions and working his way up to regional and then national competitions in the hopes of being like his idol , Kenya 's two-time Olympic gold medalist Kip Keino . Bayi continued his training in the 1970s but he found training in a group a grueling endeavor , especially when he would get inadvertently caught on the spikes of other athletes ' shoes . "  Your life is in danger when somebody spikes you . I thought the only way to avoid spiking was to run from the beginning in front of everybody , " Bayi recalls . "  I think I caught some of the athletes with that because they thought I would get tired . "  They made a bad judgment . They said they 'll get me next time but next time the same thing and I always say ` Follow me , catch me if you can . ' " Coaching Tanzania 's future talent These days Bayi tends to keep off the track and instead focuses his attention on a lifelong dream -- to run his own schools and nurture young sporting talent from his homeland . With the help of his wife , the former middle distance runner opened the first iteration of the "  Filbert Bayi School " in a garage with just seven children in attendance . The school continued to grow and by 2004 , it had developed into a large campus catering to 1,300 students from nursery-level up through primary school and into secondary education . Bayi says : "  You know sometimes I sit together with my wife and we ca n't believe this . It 's a miracle . " Not content with the education opportunities he has provided to the surrounding communities , Bayi has now set his sights on the next goal -- to open a university . "  One day I will have a university maybe , college where I can teach doctors or engineers in that school , " he says . "  Or maybe we 'll be expanding the institution to be a big sports academy where we can receive even foreigners . " Meanwhile , Bayi continues to use his strong track record as a means of inspiring his students . "  Most of the students , they want to be professionals , " he says . "  They want to be IT people , they want to be pilots , doctors , be everything . We always tell them , if you want to be anything you have to work hard because those things wo n't come like a dream , " he adds . "  You have to work hard , you have to commit yourself . "  Most teenagers do n't think about the future , they think about now . So we always teach them , now will pass and then the future will come . And if you are n't prepared for the future you 'll end up nowhere . "	Filbert Bayi is a middle distance athlete from Tanzania He set a world record for the men 's 1500m at the 1974 Commonwealth Games Today he is helping mold his nation 's next generation by establishing education facilities He says : "  I would love to see one of my students to be president of this country "
WIRED  -- General Motors took a big step toward its reinvention as the "  New G.M. " today when it opened what it calls the largest automotive battery laboratory in the United States , a move the struggling company believes will hasten the development of electric vehicles . The GM battery lab is located at its sprawling Warren Technical Center campus outside Detroit , Michigan . GM invested $ 25 million in the 33,000-square-foot Global Battery Systems Lab to develop and test the drivetrains underpinning the Chevrolet Volt and other hybrid , battery-electric and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles . The automaker believes the facility , at its sprawling Warren Technical Center campus outside Detroit , Michigan , will help make it a market leader in battery and EV technology . "  The new global GM battery lab will benefit consumers across America by helping us advance the development of battery technology in the United States and put cleaner , more efficient vehicles on the road more quickly and affordably , " CEO Fritz Henderson said in a statement . "  Our new lab improves GM 's competitiveness by speeding the development of our hybrid , plug-in and extended-range electric vehicles . " The lab 's opening comes one week after General Motors filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and vowed to reinvent itself as a leaner , greener company focused on fuel efficiency . It also comes as major automakers align themselves with battery manufacturers to bring cars with cords to market . Volkswagen , for example , recently signed a deal with Chinese auto - and battery-maker BYD , and Daimler bought nearly 10 percent of Tesla Motors last month . The Global Battery Systems Lab is four times larger than the cramped quarters where engineers had been working on the lithium-ion battery pack used in the Volt . It employs more than 1,000 engineers . The operation features 160 test channels and 42 thermal chambers that subject batteries to real-world driving conditions and temperarture variations . It also has 32 battery cyclers , "  treadmills " used to deplete and charge the packs repeatedly . "  This facility is state-of-the-art and represents one of the largest and most capable battery test labs in the world , " said Jim Queen , vp of global engineering . The lab has a maximum power capacity of 6 megawatts . The lab also features a thermal shaker table for testing the structural integrity of each pack and a battery tear-down workshop for failure analysis and reverse-engineering competitors ' batteries . The Global Battery Systems Lab is the crown jewel in GM 's battery program , which includes labs in Mainz-Kastel , Germany and Honeoye Falls , New York . General Motors is working with LG Chem on the battery that will provide the Volt with an all-electric range of 40 miles , and it has a joint deal with Compact Power and LG Chem to continue developing the technology . GM also has joined the University of Michigan in creating a battery-specific engineering curriculum and a battery lab in Ann Arbor . GM filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last week and is radically scaling back its operations , but work on the battery lab started in December 2007 shortly after GM started developing the Volt . Construction started in August and engineers started testing batteries there in January . The company plans to open a factory somewhere in Michigan to begin producing batteries by the end of 2010 , at which point the Volt is slated to start rolling off an assembly line at the Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly factory . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	General Motors opens largest automotive battery laboratory in the U.S. GM invests $ 25 million in the 33,000-square-foot Global Battery Systems Lab Lab will develop and test the drivetrains underpinning alternative vehicles Opening comes one week after company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
CNN  -- A lawsuit filed by the family of Robert Champion , the Florida A&M University band member allegedly beaten to death in a hazing ritual , accuses the bus company involved in the deadly assault and the bus driver of negligence , their attorney said Monday . The suit alleges that Fabulous Coach Lines and its driver not only consented to the illegal acts of hazing by students , they knowingly participated in the planned hazing activity over several years . "  This was a culture embraced by this bus company , " Chris Chestnut said . According to court documents , Bus C , which is was the vehicle where the incident took place and the name of a specific hazing ritual , was parked in a dark corner , separate from the other buses provided by the company . The suit also alleges that the bus and its air conditioning system were running at the time Champion was beaten and that the bus driver was standing guard at the door to prevent anyone from entering or exiting the vehicle . When Champion stepped off the bus at one point to vomit , the bus driver told him "  he would be alright as she forced him back onto the bus , " the lawsuit claims . Despite a request for damages in excess of $ 15,000 , Chestnut insisted the focus is n't money . It allows him to file subpoenas and take witness statements to further the investigation . "  We figure out how this happened , we figure out how to fix it , and then we stop it from happening again , " Chestnut said . Calls to the bus company and its attorneys , Wicker , Smith , O'Hara , McCoy , and Ford , PA , for comment have not been returned . Chestnut said he hopes to begin taking depositions in the next 90 days . Champion 's parents , Pamela and Robert -- who are named in the lawsuit and live outside Atlanta -- were not present at Monday 's news conference in Orlando , Florida , but Chestnut said their goal is to get answers and justice for Robert . "  We 're going to hold everyone responsible , " Chestnut said . FAMU is protected under sovereign immunity , and the family must file a statutory notice of intent to sue and wait six months to file suit against the school . Chestnut said he does anticipate suing the university . Fabulous Coach Lines President Ray Land said last month that the company 's employees , who were not on the bus at the time , responded quickly after learning there was an emergency -- even following the ambulance transporting Champion to the hospital , taking other band members there . "  We did transport our passengers safely from point A to point B as contracted , " Land said . When employees were notified of an emergency on board one of the nine buses in the convoy , "  we responded just as quickly and effectively as we could . " Some band members have said Champion , 26 , died after taking part in an annual rite of passage called "  Crossing Bus C. " According to the lawsuit , it 's an initiation process in which pledges attempt to run down the center aisle from the front door of the bus to the back while being punched , kicked and assaulted by senior members . Chestnut has said he 's heard that the ritual may have happened before on Fabulous Coach Lines . In fact , the lawsuit filed by his clients claims that Bus C 's driver "  frequently participated or allowed the ` Bus C ' initiation " and "  advised other drivers that she was part of the ` Bus C ' posse . " Other drivers from the same company had "  complained of hazing rituals " on that bus specifically . But they "  were instructed by Fabulous Coach administration to ignore it and  told  that FAMU was paying for it and could do what they want , " according to the lawsuit . However , Land said the bus company has "  never seen this kind of behavior " from the band . Champion collapsed in Orlando on the bus , which was carrying members of FAMU 's Marching 100 after a November football game that included a halftime performance by the group . The medical examiner 's office ruled his death a homicide and said Champion "  collapsed and died within an hour of a hazing incident during which he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows to his body . " An autopsy found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " as well as "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " which is the fatty tissue directly under the skin . The death prompted the FAMU board of trustees to approve a new three-part anti-hazing plan , which includes an independent panel of experts to investigate . The board approved the policy 9-1 last week . Champion 's mother has said she wants hazing to stop . "  Think twice when your kids are going off to college , " she said . "  Look into what 's going on at their college . ... Now we know . " Along with the university , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the Orange County Sheriff 's Office are also investigating the case . No one has been charged in Champion 's death . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Bus driver "  forced " vomiting band member to go back on the bus , the suit alleges NEW : The bus company told drivers who 'd complained to ignore hazing , says the suit FAMU band member Robert Champion died after he was beaten on a bus in November His family 's attorney says the lawsuit is about getting answers , not money
CNN  -- Already boasting a treasure trove of trophies and mementos , the latest addition to Cristiano Ronaldo 's own personal museum is a 10-foot bronze statue of the man himself . The "  CR7 Museum " -- opened in December 2013 in the Real Madrid attacker 's hometown of Funchal , on the Portuguese island of Madeira -- houses more than 125 awards , including the two Ballon d'Or titles he won in 2008 and 2013 after being voted the world 's best player . And now standing outside to greet those fans who make the pilgrimage to pay homage to one of football 's greats is a mammoth sculpture of the Portugal captain in all his glory . Ronaldo , fresh from helping Madrid lift FIFA 's Club World Cup in Morocco on Saturday , was in Funchal just 24 hours later to unite with his family for the statue 's official unveiling . "  I feel so proud to be honored with a statue in Madeira , " Ronaldo wrote on his official Twitter account . "  It 's a huge joy to share this moment with my family and the people from Madeira . Thank you all for the warm reception . " While in Funchal , Ronaldo also found time to receive the "  Cordão Autonómico de Distinção " -- the highest distinction of Madeira . The 29-year-old has enjoyed a 2014 to remember , having helped Madrid lift the European Champions League , European Super Cup and Spanish Copa del Rey , as well as the Club World Cup . Ronaldo , who has scored 34 goals in 27 games for club and country this season , is favorite to land the 2014 Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich 's Manuel Neuer , with the result being announced on January 12 , 2015 .	Statue of Cristiano Ronaldo unveiled outside his "  CR7 Museum " Museum based in his hometown of Funchal on island of Madeira The statue has come in for criticism for its appearance
CNN Student News  -- October 10 , 2014 Attention , economics and government teachers : Today 's show leads off with a report on yesterday 's stock market drop and follows up with an explainer on The Fed . For history and geography teachers , we 're taking a couple minutes to explore how Hong Kong came to be a Special Administrative Region of China . And science and social studies should check out our report on enterovirus D68 . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . According to the U.S. government 's latest report , what is the country 's unemployment rate ? 2 . How many stocks are currently included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average ? 3 . What U.S. president is seen in recently discovered footage of the 1924 World Series ? 4 . Rick Perry is the governor of what state , the first in the U.S. where someone was diagnosed with the Ebola virus ? 5 . What Swedish chemist invented dynamite and established prizes in the fields of medicine , physics and peace ? 6 . What Central Asian lake , once the world 's fourth-largest , has been reduced by river diversion to a fraction of its former size ? 7 . In what body of water are officials searching for vanished Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 ? 8 . What Asian country , which is recovering from Typhoon Phanfone , is bracing for another typhoon named Vongfong ? 9 . What health measurement are officials at five U.S. airports planning to take from travelers who 've visited West Africa ? 10 . Radio chips measuring NFL players ' direction , speed , fitness , and heat maps are planted in what part of their gear ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In these cash-strapped times , you might well wonder why governments around the world continue to pour millions of dollars in to their respective space programs . Space exploration has produced a host of medical benefits including the ingestible thermometer pill . But one of the very important by-products of space exploration has been the adaptation and invention of medical equipment and technologies which are making individual lives better and in many cases saving them . Most people are familiar with temper foam -- perhaps the most famous of NASA 's many medical spinoffs -- which started life protecting astronauts ' posteriors in the 1960s and is now used in a host of products from mattresses to athletic shoes . It is surprising to note how many aspects of space exploration have played a part in helping scientists improve the health of nations . Who would have thought that analysing fluid flow around a Space Shuttle engine would help create a tiny heart pump ? Or that a water purification device for astronauts could help patients suffering from kidney disease . And that the humble hospital thermometer would be transformed by measuring infrared radiation in the stars and planets ?	Space exploration has provided us with numerous medical benefits Space Shuttle engines have influenced an ingenious heart pump Measuring infrared radiation of the planets has revolutionized the thermometer NASA put the first men on the moon 40 years ago on July 20 , 1969
CNN  -- The woman who accused three Duke University lacrosse players of rape five years ago was arrested Sunday , suspected of stabbing her boyfriend , police said . Officers responding to a call early Sunday about a stabbing at an apartment in Durham , North Carolina , found a 46-year-old man who had been stabbed in the torso , police said . He was taken to Duke University Hospital for treatment of serious injuries . Officers later arrested the man 's girlfriend , Crystal Mangum , 32 , at a nearby apartment . She was charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill , inflicting serious injury , police said . Mangum was placed in the Durham County Jail without bond . Officers said the stabbing occurred during an argument at the couple 's shared apartment . In March 2006 , Mangum claimed to have been sexually assaulted by three players on the Duke lacrosse team while performing as a stripper for a team party . North Carolina 's attorney general later found no credible evidence that the attacks ever occurred and the charges were dropped . The scandal , however , forced the cancellation of the men 's lacrosse season that year and the resignation of team coach Mike Pressler . It also led to widespread criticism of Durham County District Attorney Mike Nifong , who was later disbarred for his handling of the case . Mangum was arrested in February 2010 on attempted murder charges after a fight with her then-boyfriend . She was also accused of arson , identity theft and resisting arrest , among other charges . CNN affiliate WTVD-TV reported the arrest happened after she set fire to a pile of the boyfriend 's clothes while her children were at home . In a June 2010 interview with the station , Mangum said her boyfriend had attacked her , and that her involvement in the Duke lacrosse case had influenced police handling of the case . "  I do feel that I am being unjustly treated because of preconceived notions about my character in the media , " Mangum said at the time . In December , a jury found Mangum guilty of child abuse in the case but could not agree on a first-degree felony arson charge , which could have resulted in a seven-year sentence , WTVD reported .	Police charge Crystal Mangum with assault with a deadly weapon Mangum is being held in Durham County Jail in North Carolina Five years ago , Mangum claimed three Duke lacrosse players raped her Authorities later found no evidence the attacks occurred and charges were dropped
CNN  -- The oath , the speech , the crowds , the celebrities , the balls . Every four years Washington celebrates the start of another presidential term . By the numbers , here 's a look at presidential inaugurations . Inauguration brings different kind of gridlock to D.C. January 20 , 2013 -- The date President Barack Obama will be sworn-in to his second term . The public ceremony will be held on Monday , January 21st . 7 -- The number of times the constitutionally-mandated inauguration date has fallen on a Sunday . 56 -- Number of formal presidential inaugural ceremonies held since 1789 .  Obama 's upcoming inauguration will be the 57th . 69 -- Number of times the U.S. president has taken the oath of office . Up to 800,000 -- Estimated number of people that will attend President Obama 's second inauguration . More than 1.8 million -- Estimated number of people that attended President Barack Obama 's first inauguration on January 20 , 2009 . Historical Facts 1789 -- Date of the first presidential inauguration , that of George Washington . It was held at Federal Hall in New York City . 6 -- The number of times the president has been inaugurated or sworn-in outside of Washington . 135 -- Number of words in George Washington 's second inaugural address , the shortest on record . 8,445 -- Number of words in William Henry Harrison 's inaugural address in 1841 , the longest on record . Harrison died one month after his inauguration , possibly from prolonged exposure to bad weather during his swearing-in . $ 4 -- The cost to attend the first inaugural ball , held in 1809 for President James Madison . 1821 -- The first year that the presidential inauguration fell on a Sunday . President James Monroe consulted with the Supreme Court and agreed that ceremonies would be held on Monday . 1901 -- The first year that the House of Representatives was involved in preparations for the inauguration . Since that date the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies has organized the inaugural ceremonies . 4 -- The number of outgoing presidents who did not attend the inauguration of their successors . Interactive : A viewer 's guide to the inauguration Technological Firsts 1857 -- James Buchanan 's inauguration is believed to be the first to be photographed . 1897 -- The inauguration of William McKinley is the first to be recorded by motion picture cameras . 1949 -- President Harry Truman 's inauguration is the first shown on television . 1997 -- The inauguration of President Bill Clinton is the first broadcast live on the Internet . Share your inauguration photos on iReport	7 -- The number of times the constitutionally-mandated inauguration date has fallen on a Sunday . Up to 800,000 -- Estimated number of people that will attend Obama 's second inauguration . More than 1.8 million -- Estimated number of people that attended Obama 's first inauguration . 1997 -- Bill Clinton 's inauguration is first broadcast live on the Internet .
Washington  CNN  -- A British woman on death row in Texas , convicted of murdering a young mother , had her latest appeal set aside by the Supreme Court . State corrections officials can now proceed with setting an execution date , but there is no indication when that will happen . The justices without comment on Monday refused to review her case . Linda Carty , 52 , has made a public plea to British citizens , asking them and human rights groups to intervene and win her clemency . Carty , a grandmother and one-time teacher , is from the West Indies nation of St. Kitts , a former British colony . She moved to Texas when she was 23 . She was convicted of taking part in the May 2001 murder of Joana Rodriguez , a 25-year-old Houston-area woman . According to the trial record , Rodriguez and her 4-day-old son were abducted by men demanding drugs and cash . Two other people inside the home were beaten and tied up . The young mother was bound with duct tape , a bag was taped over her head and she was placed in the trunk of a car . Police said Rodriguez died from suffocation , while her son survived . Prosecutors convinced a jury that Carty had hired the three men to kidnap Rodriguez , so she could steal her baby because she was no longer able to get pregnant . Evidence was presented to show Carty tried to masquerade as a new mother in order to rebuild her relationship with a boyfriend . She was sentenced to death in February 2002 . She is one of 10 female prisoners on a special death row at the Mountain View prison in Gatesville , Texas . Carty asserts her innocence , and her appellate legal team claims her original trial was "  catastrophically flawed . " Among the allegations filed in various appeals are that her court-appointed lawyer was incompetent and failed to meet Carty until immediately before the trial , failed to spot flaws and inconsistencies in the prosecution 's case , failed to interview witnesses and did not look at key mitigating evidence . Reprieve , a British human rights groups serving as her new legal team , also said she should have been given access upon arrest to the British consulate . The British Foreign Office has filed two amicus briefs in U.S. federal courts in Carty 's case , which complain that Britain was not notified of her original arrest , said a Foreign Office spokesman who declined to be named , in line with policy . The Foreign Office remains in close touch with Carty and her legal representatives , the spokesman said . "  We 're continuing to provide her with consular assistance , " he said . "  We 've also made the U.S. aware of our stance  against  the death penalty . " State and federal courts have rejected her various appeals . Last year , Carty recorded a seven-minute message pleading for her life . "  Please listen and tell everyone you know , " Carty said on the tape . "  Please do n't let me die here . I 'm sorry if I sound like a desperate woman . I am desperate . The British people may be my last hope . " Regarding her trial , Carty said , "  My lawyer told me he was too busy to work on my case . " Human rights activists launched a three-month project in London , England , last summer , playing her recording on a daily basis , and urging passers-by to get involved . Standing atop one of Trafalgar Square 's large statue bases , or plinths , Brian Capaloff , one of those activists , held up placards with messages from Carty and stood in front of a life-size cardboard cutout of her . "  This is about someone 's life and there 's nothing more important than that , " the Scottish man told CNN in September . "  It is an emotional thing . " The case is Carty v. Thaler  09-900  . In other appeals before by the Supreme Court : • The justices decided not to review whether the Boy Scouts could lease city parkland , after controversy over its policy banning atheists and homosexuals from being members or volunteers . An agnostic couple and their son , and a lesbian couple and their son challenged San Diego , California 's , granting of city leases to the Scouts , which for years has run a campground and aquatic center in Balboa and Mission Bay parks . Lawsuits were filed after the city had extended a 50-year-lease . The Supreme Court let stand a federal appeals court ruling saying that the scouts are a religious organization , making the lease improper , and that the families have constitutional "  standing " to challenge the lease . Federal law bans discrimination based on sexual orientation by religious groups , as well as government "  endorsement " or promotion of religion . The national scouting organization denies it is religious in nature , despite a policy that youngsters should "  do duty to God . " The case is Boy Scouts of America v. Barnes-Wallace  08-1222  . • Delaware was denied the chance to broaden its state-run sports betting lottery beyond its current form involving professional football . The high court without comment let stand a lower court ruling limiting betting in the state to so-called "  parlay " or multigame bets on National Football League games . The state wanted to offer single-game bets on a variety of professional and amateur sports and events in an effort to reduce its widening budget deficit . The NFL , the NCAA and Major League Baseball sued , saying the federal government had earlier banned that kind of sports betting . Delaware had been exempt from the 1992 law because it had earlier created a multiple-game wagering lottery similar to the current system . The case is Markell v. Office of Commissioner of Baseball  09-914  .	British woman asserts her innocence ; her legal team calls her original trial flawed Linda Carty made public plea to British citizens , asking them to intervene State corrections officials can now proceed with setting an execution date
House Republicans on Thursday elected Kevin McCarthy as majority leader , succeeding Eric Cantor , who is relinquishing the job after losing his primary election in an upset . The California Republican defeated Idaho Rep. Raul Labrador for the No. 2 position , which is responsible for the day-to-day running of the chamber and deciding which bills come to the floor for a vote . Labrador argued for a fresh conservative voice in the GOP leadership in challenging McCarthy , who was the favorite . With the win , McCarthy moves up a notch in the leadership hierarchy from whip , where he was responsible for counting votes and enforcing party discipline . Republicans then chose Louisiana 's Steve Scalise , a red-state conservative , to succeed him . Operationally , few expect McCarthy 's rise to significantly change how Republicans run the House . Supporters say Republican proposals will come largely from committees and McCarthy 's mainly will focus on using his political skills to help shape the GOP message and strategy to push its agenda , and help coordinate with Senate Republicans , who are in the minority . Following Cantor 's loss to a political upstart in Virginia last week , McCarthy began to quietly reach out to members , using his extensive network as whip to build support . Underneath his easy demeanor is an intensely political operative , who helped recruit and fundraise for most of the first - and second-term GOP members , who make up a sizeable part of the conference . He can cite polls from various congressional districts across the country off the top of his head . Because he lives in his Washington office when Congress is in session , McCarthy spends a lot of time hosting take-out dinners and working out in the House gym . Personal relationships helped him quickly accumulate commitments to win the majority leader 's post . Typically the majority leader is the speaker in waiting , but McCarthy would almost certainly face a conservative challenger if the current speaker , John Boehner , decides to step down after the midterm elections . Some members on the right see McCarthy as the establishment candidate , and disagree with his position on immigration , a hot-button issue . McCarthy , who represents an agricultural district , has expressed support for some type of legal status for undocumented workers . Immigration reform : Kevin McCarthy 's ` House of Cards ' Before last week 's stunning upset of Cantor many considered McCarthy as potentially the most vulnerable member of the House Republican leadership team . During his tenure as whip , there were several embarrassing episodes , when high profile bills -- such as the farm bill and GOP debt limit plans -- failed to pass . Because Thursday 's election 's only installs McCarthy as majority leader for the remainder of the current Congress , the next five months will be a test for him . He could face a challenge in the fall when all GOP leaders stand for re-election -- whether it 's for the top spot or for majority leader . Texas Republican Rep Jeb Hensarling , who briefly considered a bid for Cantor 's post , may decide to run against him . Five things to know about Kevin McCarthy	House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy moves up a notch in leadership ranks California Republican defeated Labrador for the No. 2 job Few expect McCarthy 's rise to significantly change how Republicans run the House
The United States needs to overhaul its support for clean energy research to keep recent gains alive as subsidies that have fueled a boom in the field expire , researchers urged Wednesday . Federal support for clean power "  will have been largely dismantled by the end of 2014 , " a new report by a trio of think tanks warns . More than 70 % of the programs now on the books -- many of them part of the Obama administration 's 2009 economic stimulus bill -- are set to expire in the next two years , the report concludes . "  Neither Congress ' attitude or the public purse right now is going to allow business as usual , " said Mark Muro , policy director for the Brookings Institution 's Metropolitan Policy Program and one of the report 's authors . But he said the end of programs in current law was in sight , "  and it 's going to be broader and deeper than people imagine . It 's time to start thinking about this very seriously . " The report , "  Beyond Boom and Bust , " urges Washington to rethink rather than eliminate its support for projects that produce power with little or none of the carbon emissions most scientists blame for an increase in global temperatures . It was produced by Brookings , the Washington-based World Resources Institute and the Breakthrough Institute , a California-based center that focuses on energy and the environment . About two-thirds of the $ 24 billion Washington spent on energy subsidies in 2011 went to support energy efficiency and renewable sources such as wind , solar and biofuels . In addition , private investors poured another $ 48 billion into renewable energy last year , a report from the Pew Charitable Trusts found last week . That boosted the United States back to the No. 1 slot worldwide after two years trailing China , Pew found -- a move aided by many of the subsidy programs that are scheduled to expire . The research and investments have led to sharply higher electric generating capacity and reduced cost to a point where renewable energy is nearly competitive with natural gas , said Jesse Jenkins , director of energy and climate policy at the Breakthrough Institute . In some places , wind power is as cheap as electricity from gas , largely because of a federal tax credit , Jenkins said . But much of that success is because of subsidies aimed at helping those technologies win a foothold in the market , which is still dominated by coal . "  We need to make sure we 're not walking away and pulling the plug on that sector right now , " Jenkins told CNN . The report calls for a tripling of energy research and development funding and replacing current federal loan guarantees with programs aimed at helping private companies get low-carbon technologies to market faster . In addition , the current interest among military planners in projects such as solar power -- spurred partly by the wish to reduce the risks involved in shipping fuel to troops in the field -- could lead to commercial applications , the researchers state . The study did n't calculate a price tag for those plans . Jenkins said the money needed might not be as much as the peak of spending under the stimulus bill and earlier programs , which was as high as $ 44 billion in 2009 -- "  but I think it needs to be quite a bit higher than the downward slope we see going forward . " Among the Republicans who control the House of Representatives , however , there appears to be little support for keeping clean energy programs alive . In particular , the 2011 failure of the solar-panel manufacturer Solyndra became a lightning rod for critics of the Obama administration . Supporters say Solyndra was undermined by the explosive growth of the solar industry in China , but the GOP has attacked the loan-guarantee program as a boondoggle that rewards politically favored industries . "  What 's going on in the Department of Energy is unbelievable , " Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan , the chairman of a House subcommittee that oversees stimulus spending , told reporters Tuesday . "  This loan guarantee program -- 27 companies got your tax dollars . Twenty-three of those companies had ratings of double-B-minus from Fitch and Standard and Poor 's , which is another way of saying they were junk rated . No private money would go there . " Solyndra 's failure "  certainly crystallized a lot of concerns , " Muro said . "  It exacerbated a kind of backlash that has made all of this more difficult , and it has complicated the ability to have clear pragmatic discussions about how to support these industries and continue driving them towards subsidy independence . " Solyndra received more than $ 500 million in loan guarantees from the Department of Energy before filing for bankruptcy , putting 1,000-plus workers out of their jobs . Another Energy Department-funded company , Arizona-based First Solar , announced Tuesday that it would lay off 2,000 people -- most of them in Europe , where the solar market has weakened in recent months , the company said . Jenkins said the current boom in natural gas is being driven by drilling techniques that were largely the result of federally funded research and technology since the 1970s . However , that "  sort of moved the bar on wind and solar , " sharply dropping natural gas prices just as those technologies were becoming more competitive .	U.S. clean energy subsidies will be "  largely dismantled " by 2014 , report finds The effect will be "  broader and deeper than people imagine , " one of its authors says The programs have fueled a boom in solar and wind power Opponents call them a taxpayer-funded boondoggle
CNN  -- Singer Gavin DeGraw canceled his next two shows while he recovers from an attack in New York that left him with a concussion , broken nose , black eyes and cuts and bruises , his representative said Tuesday . DeGraw checked out of New York 's Bellevue Hospital Tuesday , his rep said . He was taken late Sunday night by ambulance after he was "  attacked by a group of assailants , " said the representative , Fran Curtis . DeGraw sent his fans a message via Twitter Tuesday : "  Hi my friends . Honestly , I do n't remember much . I only know I can recover from here . Thank u all for your genuine concern . I love u guys . " DeGraw 's show in Wantagh , New York , scheduled for Friday , and in Mansfield , Massachusetts , scheduled for Saturday , have been canceled because of his injuries , the rep said . No arrests have been made , but New York police are investigating . "  Gavin and his family appreciate everyone 's concern at this time , " Curtis said . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : DeGraw checks out of Bellevue Hospital Tuesday , rep says NEW : Singer tweets that he does n't remember much of attack His next two shows are canceled because of his injuries "  Group of assailants " attacked DeGraw on Sunday in New York , rep says
CNN  -- Heavy rain that has killed at least 60 people in Central America is not expected to let up soon , authorities said Monday . El Salvador is the country hit hardest so far . The government has declared a state of emergency and ordered evacuations . At least 32 people have died in El Salvador , including several children , according to the country 's civil protection director . Some were swept away attempting to cross swollen rivers , while others were killed when the walls of their homes collapsed . "  The temporary evacuation of the population in some parts of the country is meant to avoid casualties caused by mudslides , " said Salvadoran President Mauricio Funes , who also ordered the cancellation of school classes . In Guatemala , the death toll stands at 28 and close to 110,000 people have been affected by the rain . President Alvaro Colom said that 15,000 more people are at risk and roughly 12,000 are in shelters , according to a statement on his website . "  We 're praying to God for help , " said Celida Yesenia Lopez , a Guatemalan flood survivor who lost her home . "  It 's very sad . " Honduras was similarly struck . The majority of the country 's 18 departments are under alert and some 13,000 people have been affected . Central America has been hammered by torrential rain since last week . Jova struck Mexico as a Category 2 hurricane late Tuesday . It weakened into a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it moved over western Mexico . At the same time , Tropical Depression 12-E , which never reached tropical storm strength , brought the heavy rain to El Salvador and its neighbors . More rain is forecast in the region .	Evacuations are in effect in El Salvador , where 32 people are dead 28 people are killed in Guatemala More rain is forecast
CNN  The only thing crazier than a guy in snowbound Massachusetts boxing up the powdery white stuff and offering it for sale online ? People are actually buying it . For $ 89 , self-styled entrepreneur Kyle Waring will ship you 6 pounds of Boston-area snow in an insulated Styrofoam box -- enough for 10 to 15 snowballs , he says . But not if you live in New England or surrounding states . "  We will not ship snow to any states in the northeast ! " says Waring 's website , ShipSnowYo.com . "  We 're in the business of expunging snow ! " His website and social media accounts claim to have filled more than 133 orders for snow -- more than 30 on Tuesday alone , his busiest day yet . With more than 45 total inches , Boston has set a record this winter for the snowiest month in its history . Most residents see the huge piles of snow choking their yards and sidewalks as a nuisance , but Waring saw an opportunity . According to Boston.com , it all started a few weeks ago , when Waring and his wife were shoveling deep snow from their yard in Manchester-by-the-Sea , a coastal suburb north of Boston . He joked about shipping the stuff to friends and family in warmer states , and an idea was born . His business slogan : "  Our nightmare is your dream ! " At first , ShipSnowYo sold snow packed into empty 16.9-ounce water bottles for $ 19.99 , but the snow usually melted before it reached its destination . So this week , Waring began shipping larger amounts in the Styrofoam cubes , which he promises will arrive anywhere in the U.S. in less than 20 hours . He also has begun selling a 10-pound box of snow for $ 119 . Many of his customers appear to be companies in warm-weather states who are buying the snow as a gag , he said . Whether Waring can sustain his gimmicky venture into the spring remains to be seen . But he has no shortage of product . "  At this rate , it 's going to be July until the snow melts , " he told Boston.com . "  But I 've thought about taking this idea and running with it for other seasonal items . Maybe I 'll ship some fall foliage . "	A man in suburban Boston is selling snow online to customers in warmer states For $ 89 , he will ship 6 pounds of snow in an insulated Styrofoam box
A woman told CNN on Monday that Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her 45 years ago , when she was a teenager . Joan Tarshis , a journalist and publicist , said she met Cosby in 1969 in Los Angeles when she was invited to have lunch by some friends of his . They saw each other again and she visited him on the set of "  The Bill Cosby Show . " On one occasion , Cosby invited Tarshis , who had been writing monologues for the comedian Godfrey Cambridge , back to his bungalow to work on some comedy routines . "  I thought , ` That 's cool , getting to work with Bill Cosby on jokes , ' " Tarshis told CNN 's Don Lemon . She said Cosby made her a drink that he knew she liked , a Bloody Mary topped with beer known as a Red Eye . Tarshis , who was 19 at the time , said that shortly after drinking the Red Eye , she "  passed out . " "  I woke up or came to very groggily with him removing my underwear , " she said . ` You 'll never get me again ' Tarshis said that she tried to deter Cosby by saying she had an infection that his wife might catch , but that he then made her have oral sex with him . She said she left , vowing never to see him again . But he subsequently called her home in New York and invited her to watch him perform at the Theater at Westbury . Tarshis said she did n't know how to back out of it because she had n't told her mother , a big fan of Cosby , what had happened . After accepting drinks at Cosby 's hotel and in the limousine , Tarshis said she felt "  very , very , very drugged " at the theater and asked the chauffeur to take her back to the car . She said she passed out in the car and when she woke up , it was the next morning and she was naked in bed with Cosby . "  I did n't say what I wanted to say " to Cosby at the time , Tarshis told CNN 's Lemon . "  What I said to myself was , ` You old expletive , you finally got me . You 'll never get me again . ' " Repeated denials Tarshis joins a group of women who have accused Cosby , 77 , of sexual assault -- claims the comedian denies . "  Over the last several weeks , decade-old , discredited allegations against Mr. Cosby have resurfaced , " John P. Schmitt , the lawyer , said in a statement Sunday . "  The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true . Mr. Cosby does not intend to dignify these allegations with any comment . " Cosby has repeatedly said the allegations are untrue , and he has never been prosecuted . He did settle a case in 2006 , filed by Andrea Constand , a staffer for Temple University 's women 's basketball team , who accused him of drugging and molesting her at his suburban Philadelphia home . Constand 's lawyers said they found 13 Jane Doe witnesses with similar stories , but no witnesses were ever called . The terms of the settlement have never been disclosed . Cosby and Constand 's lawyers said in Monday that Schmitt 's earlier statement "  was not intended to refer in any way to Andrea Constand . " "  As previously reported , differences between Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand were resolved to the mutual satisfaction of Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand years ago , " the lawyers said in a joint statement . "  Neither Mr. Cosby nor Ms. Constand intends to comment further on the matter . " Rape allegations haunt Bill Cosby in the digital age Silence in radio interview Since 2005 , a handful of women have made the claims . This year , the accusations resurfaced , and earlier this month , a seemingly harmless post on Cosby 's Twitter account turned them into a social media storm . In its wake , one of his accusers , Barbara Bowman , turned to the public once more with an article in the Washington Post and interviews with CNN . Bowman claims she was drugged then raped , though she said she never saw drugs . "  I woke up out of a very confused state not in my clothes , " she said . Bowman said she knew her body had been touched without her permission . This occurred several times in the course of their contact , she said . On Saturday , NPR broadcast an awkward interview with Cosby in which he did n't utter a word when repeatedly asked about the claims about him . NPR host Scott Simon filled the airtime by saying Cosby was just "  shaking his head no . " "  There will be no further statement from Mr. Cosby or any of his representatives , " Cosby 's lawyer said Sunday . ` Who 's going to believe me ? ' Tarshis told CNN she had kept quiet about what happened to her because she felt "  the guilt and the shame of the victim " -- and because she did n't think anyone would take her word for it . "  Who 's going to believe me ? " she said on CNN . "  Bill Cosby , the all-American dad , the all-American husband , ` Mr. Jell-O ' that everybody loves . Who would believe me ? They 'd probably think I was out to get something . " But she said she decided to speak up now in order to support the other women and give them "  some more credibility . " "  I really have nothing to gain by doing this , " she said . Before appearing on CNN , Tarshis made the allegations against Cosby in an account published on Hollywood Elsewhere on Sunday . On Monday , the Village Voice drew attention to a track on an album by Cosby from 1969 in which he jokes about a drug he heard about when he was a boy , known as "  Spanish Fly , " that would make girls go crazy when put into their drink . In the routine , he goes on to talk about visiting Spain as an adult with another actor and wanting to get hold of the drug . Village Voice film editor Alan Scherstuhl said even as a child this statement from Cosby puzzled him . "  Even when I heard this bit as a kid , I wondered : Why would famous TV stars need a drug to get women interested in them ? " Scherstuhl wrote in the blog post about Cosby . Opinion : Take Cosby allegations seriously	Joan Tarshis tells CNN Cosby assaulted her twice when she was 19 Cosby has repeatedly said allegations against him of sexual assault are untrue She says she kept quiet for years because she did n't think people would believe her Accusations from other women have resurfaced this year
CNN  -- Brandt Snedeker leads the British Open after Friday 's eventful second round . The American matched Adam Scott 's incredible opening round of 64 to claim a one stroke lead over the Australian . Tiger Woods was a further three strokes behind on six under par . The 14 time major winner holed a tremendous chip shot out of the bunker at the 18th to end his round with a birdie . Snedeker 's impressive five under par opening round was overshadowed by Scott 's record breaking first day . However , the Nashville native leapfrogged his rival who posted a 67 stroke round . Following his near faultless second round , Snedeker is now the only player in the competition who has not dropped a shot . Snedeker also matched Nick Faldo 's long standing halfway record score of 130 - which has been unmatched since 1992 . "  I 'm in shock right now , " the world number 29 told the British Open website . "  I feel pretty good not to have dropped a shot so far this week and am proud to tie the championship 36-hole record . "  All I 'm trying to do is to hit the middle of the greens and not get in any trouble . " Woods , who has failed to add to his 14 majors since winning the 2008 U.S. Open , dropped a stroke with a bogey at the 11th , but stayed in contention with four birdies . His sumptuous chip on the final hole had the crowd cheering , but Woods claimed the shot "  was n't as hard as it may have looked . " "  Overall I 'm very pleased at where I 'm at - I 'm right there in the mix , " the three time British Open winner said . "  I figured I had a game plan that I thought would fit well on this golf course and I figured I could execute it . "  It 's just patience on a golf course like this . I 'm hitting the ball in the fairway . You can take your chances , but you 'd better pull it off or be conservative and play to different spots . " Dane Thorbjorn Olesen was one shot behind Woods , with 2010 U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell and Americans Jason Dufner and Matt Kuchner one shot behind on four under par . Why U.S golf has a healthy future Current world number one Luke Donald rescued his championship with a roller coaster round that ended with the Englishman two under par . Donald opened with a bogey at the third , but regained his form with four birdies that put the current European golfer of the year back in contention . A further two bogeys at the start of the back nine looked to have ended the comeback but a birdie at the 15th meant Donald finished tied for 11th . "  I 'm certainly feeling more comfortable , " Donald said at the end of his faltering round . "  Obviously , where I am in my career I need to be contending , " said Donald , whose best finish at a major is third . World number two Rory McIlroy struggled to find his game as he struggled to a 75 , leaving him two over par and little to play for with the final two rounds . A double on the ninth looked to be the turning point for the Northern Irishman , who admitted "  it was n't the best day out there . " "  I was doing pretty well just to hang on in there around par on the front nine . Making a double on the ninth was sort of the turning point in the round and I could n't really recover from that , " said the 2011 U.S. Open champion . There will be some notable absentees from the weekend 's action , with reigning British Open champion Darren Clarke one of those heading home . American Phil Mickelson , a four time major winner , former world number one Martin Kaymer and three time Ryder Cup winner Sergio Garcia also missed the cut . Northern Irishman Clarke admitted he was "  disappointed " with his defense of the title won at Royal St. George last year . "  I would have liked to have come here and put up a good score in defense , " said Clarke . American Mickelson , who has spent over 700 weeks ranked inside golf 's top ten , struck three double bogeys and three bogeys as he carded a round of 78 . "  I hit it solid but I did n't hit it straight , and I found a lot of bunkers off the tee , " Mickelson complained . "  I thought I was going to have a little bit of a better round than I did . " Play continues on Saturday , with the concluding round on Sunday .	American Snedeker equals 20 year old half way record Tournament favorite Woods hits shot of the day to bogey 18th World number one Donald enjoys rollercoaster round Defending Champion Clarke joins Mickelson , Kaymer , and Garcia in missing the cut
CNN  Thousands gathered in Riyadh on Friday to say farewell to Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al Saud , a cautious reformer who succeeded in securing broader freedoms in the conservative kingdom , but fell short in gaining greater independence for women . Abdullah died early Friday , several weeks after the state-run Saudi Press Agency said he was suffering from pneumonia and had been admitted to a hospital . The royal court did n't release an exact cause of death . He was 90 . To ensure a smooth transition , the kingdom quickly appointed his 79-year-old half-brother , Salman bin Abdulaziz , to the throne . His half-brother Prince Muqrin , a decade younger , is the new crown prince . Who is Salman bin Abdulaziz ? After Friday afternoon prayers at Riyadh 's Imam Turki Bin Abdullah Grand Mosque , the body of Abdullah , wrapped in a pale shroud , was carried from the mosque toward a cemetery , followed by a solemn procession of Saudi men in traditional dress . He was later laid to rest after a simple , swift ceremony . Those present at the graveside -- the royals closest to the late king -- were then to move on to a royal palace , where they were to pay their respects to the new monarch . The ceremony of "  al Bayaah , " or pledging of allegiance to the new king , followed the funeral . Condolences and remembrances poured in from all corners of the globe . "  To God we belong and indeed to him we shall return , " said the homepage of the English-language Saudi newspaper Arab News . Bahrain , Jordan and the Palestinian territories , among others , declared days of mourning . The U.N. secretary-general praised Abdullah for his Arab Peace Initiative to end the Arab-Israeli conflict . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he would lead a delegation "  in the coming days " to pay respects . "  King Abdullah 's life spanned from before the birth of modern Saudi Arabia through its emergence as a critical force within the global economy and a leader among Arab and Islamic nations , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . Speaking to CNN 's Richard Quest in Davos , Switzerland , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he expects no changes in his government 's relations with Saudi Arabia . "  I do n't anticipate anything based on the conversation we have had , no , " he said . In an address to the nation -- his first televised appearance since becoming king -- Salman offered his condolences to the Saudi people . "  We will , with God 's will and power , adhere to the straight path this country followed since its establishment by King Abdulaziz and his sons after him , and will not deviate at all from it , since our constitution is the book of Allah  Quran  and the teachings of Prophet Mohammed , " he said . He also spoke of the "  desperate need " for unity and solidarity among the followers of Islam , saying Saudi Arabia would continue to promote that . He had already issued six royal decrees Friday , the Saudi Press Agency reported , including appointing Prince Mohammed bin Naif bin Abdulaziz as the deputy crown prince . Salman , who has 1.33 million followers on Twitter but follows no one , changed his Twitter handle to @KingSalman . Abdullah became king of the oil-rich nation , a key U.S. ally in the Middle East , in August 2005 . But he had been running Saudi Arabia since 1996 , after half-brother King Fahd 's stroke . In the context of the kingdom 's conservative circles , Abdullah was seen as a reformer and often came up against more hardline clerics . After ascending to the throne , Abdullah took steps toward broader freedoms and invested some of the country 's vast oil wealth in large-scale education and infrastructure projects . "  He was really quite  an  extraordinary figure . He was probably the most progressive and liberal-minded king of Saudi Arabia since King Faisal , which is a long time ago , in the early 1970s , " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said about Abdullah , whom he described as "  much loved . " "  I had the opportunity to meet with him once , and what you got a sense of was somebody who really was determined to move his country forward , " Zakaria said . "  It 's a conservative country and a conservative society -- and he kept emphasizing that to me -- but he was very clear in the direction he wanted to go . " However , resistance from conservative factions hindered some of his efforts , leaving many women , in particular , disappointed by a lack of progress toward greater independence . King Abdullah 's legacy : 5 things to know Under Abdullah 's leadership , the country slowly squashed al Qaeda , capturing or killing its leaders in the kingdom , forcing the remnants underground and sidelining radical preachers . It also took a more prominent role in international affairs . Last year , it became the lead Arab nation in a U.S.-led coalition to eradicate the ultraradical ISIS group in Iraq and Syria . Analysts are predicting a smooth political transition despite the many challenges facing Saudi Arabia , including Iran , the rise of ISIS , the crisis in Yemen and the drop in oil prices . Saudi Arabia has 16 % of the world 's known oil reserves , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . The country is widely seen as the leader of OPEC and has a large influence on energy prices and political stability in the Middle East . "  Remember , the last time the price of oil fell like this , the Soviet Union collapsed , " said Zakaria . "  That said , the successor is a very competent man . " He added : "  I do n't expect any major shift , but it marks a big change , and we 'll have to see what the new king is like . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Dana Ford , Salma Abdelaziz and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	King Abdullah has been buried in Riyadh The kingdom quickly appointed his brother Salman to the throne New king speaks of need for unity , solidarity among followers of Islam
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday issued a statement condemning the Syrian government 's crackdown on protesters and calling for an immediate end to violence by all parties . "  The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the deteriorating situation in Syria , and expresses profound regret at the death of many hundreds of people , " the eight-paragraph statement says . It further calls for "  all sides to act with utmost restraint , and to refrain from reprisals , including attacks against state institutions . " The statement says those responsible for the violence should be held accountable but offers no suggestion that foreign intervention is being considered . "  The Security Council reaffirms its strong commitment to the sovereignty , independence , and territorial integrity of Syria , " it says . "  It stresses that the only solution to the current crisis in Syria is through an inclusive and Syrian-led political process , with the aim of effectively addressing the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the population which will allow the full exercise of fundamental freedoms for its entire population , including that of expression and peaceful assembly . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he welcomes the statement . "  The world has watched the deteriorating situation in Syria with the most profound concern , but the events of the past few days have been brutally shocking , " he told reporters . "  Once again , I call on President  Bashar al -  Assad and the Syrian authorities to immediately cease all violence against their people , to fully respect human rights and implement reforms that they have already announced . " He further urged Damascus to comply with the Security Council 's demand that international humanitarian organizations be granted unimpeded access to affected areas . "  Those responsible should be held to account , " he said . He praised the 15-nation Security Council for speaking out "  with one voice and condemning all this violence and asking them to take necessary measures " after long discussions on the matter . But Lebanon 's ambassador , Caroline Ziade , said her country , which is Syria 's neighbor , dissociated itself from the statement . However , Lebanon chose not to block the measure , as it could have done . Though a resolution would have been more significant than the presidential statement approved Wednesday , U.S. diplomats said they are glad the United Nations has taken a stance . CNN 's Richard Roth and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this story	NEW : Ban calls the events over the past few days in Syria "  brutally shocking " The eight-paragraph statement condemns the government 's crackdown It also calls for an end to violence by all parties
CNN  -- US Airways Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles were reunited in the cockpit Thursday for the first time since Sullenberger safely landed a disabled passenger plane in the Hudson River in January . Thursday 's flight was Chesley Sullenberger 's first in his new role as an active management pilot for US Airways . "  It was great to fly with Jeff again . Being back in the cockpit felt very familiar . It was like coming home , " Sullenberger said of the flight from New York 's LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte , North Carolina . "  Even though several months had past since I 've flown , it would seem like I had never left . " It was the first time Sullenberger had flown the New York to Charlotte route since the water on landing on January 15 . A bird strike in the engines forced Flight 1549 to make an emergency landing in the icy waters between New York and New Jersey . The landing made heroes of Sullenberger and the flight 's crew , who managed to lead passengers to safety with only a few minor injuries . Watch Sullenberger talk about the flight " Sullenberger has been honored with numerous awards , appeared on the "  Late Show With David Letterman , " spoke before a joint session of Congress and even went to the Super Bowl . Sullenberger said that , after the incident , he wanted to be reunited in the cockpit with Skiles and complete the flight . Cheers filled the cabin when Sullenberger introduced himself , adding he had "  learned to wait " for applause to die down before giving preflight announcements . Four passengers from Flight 1549 returned for Thursday 's trip , putting their lives once again in the hands of the man they affectionately call "  Sully . " Christie Spears , who survived the "  miracle on the Hudson , " reserved the same seat for today 's trip . "  What better flight to be on ? What better captain to fly with ? I would n't choose any other one , " she said . Barry Leonard , a regular commuter on the New York-Charlotte route , said the flight was a healing process for him . Other passengers said they felt like they were taking part in a historic event . With "  Sully " at the controls , Pat Martinez said she felt like she won the lottery . "  It was a smooth , calm flight -- just what you would expect from Sully . " Thursday 's flight also was Sullenberger 's first in his new role as an active management pilot for US Airways . In addition to his flying duties , Sullenberger will join the airline 's flight operations safety management team , which helps airlines assess potential risks and act to mitigate them , US Airways said . Both men took time off before returning to the cockpit , US Airways said , during which they completed requalification training . Skiles returned to work in April , US Airways said . Since then , he has flown more than 60 flights . Sullenberger completed his training September 11 , and since the crash , he has flown two flights between Charlotte and Atlanta . Sullenberger said he plans to step back from his flying duties while he goes on a book tour in two weeks and starts teach other pilots at the flight training school . Skiles said that even after eight months away from the controls , Sullenberger did everything perfectly , even reaching over to his radio to change the frequency . Sullenberger said the clear skies and nice weather made Thursday 's flight go smoothly . "  It was a beautiful day to fly , " he said . "  This flight today was a lot longer than that one in January , and I was able to give -LSB- CEO Doug Parker -RSB- back his airplane without getting it wet first . " CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Four passengers from ill-fated flight in January make trip on same route NEW : Passenger reserves same seat she had on Flight 1549 for Thursday 's flight Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles reunite in cockpit Sullenberger : "  Being back in the cockpit felt very familiar . It was like coming home "
Phoenix  CNN  -- Alex Teves treasured Marvel and DC comics with their Spider-Man and Batman icons , and he was at his best in high school when he wrote about the superhero genre in English class . He revered the enduring themes of good versus evil , and he is remembered here , in the place where he grew into a man , as one of the good guys : a boy who inspired an "  Alex Teves Day " at school , pursued a calling to heal both minds and bodies , and died at age 24 facing evil in the darkness of a crowded Colorado movie theater . "  If you want to describe Alex in one word , he was just good , " says his father , Tom Teves . "  He was n't a standout in anything , but he cared about people . " It is the goodness of humanity that Teves wants the world to know and remember : the virtues of his son -- and the 11 others killed at a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " in a cinema in Aurora , Colorado . That desire has taken shape as a crusade . In the midst of mourning his first born , Tom Teves has wrested purpose from his grief -- the Alex Teves Challenge , he calls it . He demands that the media stop naming and showing images of the gunmen in mass murders . Publicity glorifies killers , he says , and the notoriety spurs others to commit the same barbarities just for attention . Columbine . Virginia Tech . Tucson . And now Aurora . Alex Teves had just completed his master 's degree in psychological counseling . His father says he would have condemned the practice of focusing on the murderers . Remember the victims , the heroic acts , Tom Teves exhorts . Let good triumph over evil . ' A zest for life ' Alex Teves died shielding his girlfriend from the rain of bullets . His last act was more than just heroism . It attested to his nature to help humankind . Opinion : They lost their lives , upheld the code Fresh out of the University of Denver with his master 's degree , he was readying to seek another degree , a bachelor 's in physical therapy at the University of Colorado at Boulder . He chose this long path because he wanted to heal the whole person , his family says . Tom Teves is deeply satisfied that the oldest of the couple 's three children , all sons , came to know himself so well . "  He told me one day , ` I 'm not going to do what you do -- because it 's business , ' " says Teves , an executive for a corporate services firm . Alex said he did n't have it in him to order people around . "  And it was my proudest moment . He knew what he wanted to do , " the father adds . Alex 's mother , Caren , recalls his ever-present smile and appetite for life . "  He loved food . He loved to travel . He loved to explore new things . He just had a zest for life . He just wanted to experience everything he could . "  I 'm glad he did as much as he could in the time he had here . " He met his girlfriend in graduate school , and Alex planned to marry her once he finished his studies , the mother says . Tales of heroism in Aurora In the elegantly designed Phoenix community of Ahwatukee , where the boulevards are desert-landscaped with saguaro cacti and palo verde trees , Alex was such an ordinary guy of irrepressible cheer that he was celebrated for it by his classmates at Desert Vista High School , a high-performing public school opened in 1996 that sends graduates to the Ivy League . Every day , he wore a crisp , white T-shirt , blue jeans and loafers to school ; he just was n't into materialism and liked to think of the more important things , his mother said . By his senior year , his AP statistics classmates -- and then the entire class of 2006 -- decided to hold a day in his honor . Everyone came to school dressed like him . And now , says his mother , friends and supporters of those slain in the movie theater massacre held a memorial service in Denver with an Alex Teves dress code , and friends in Hawaii told the family they were planning a similarly attired service . Alex Teves was a cooperative student with a streak for being fun and funny , says high school math instructor Francoise Dastous , who teaches the statistics class . "  He really did n't have a clique per se . He got along well with everybody , and everybody wanted to be friends with him . " Alex once recounted to the class a hiking adventure that went awry , Dastous says . For anyone else , the experience would have been horrific , "  but Alex put a positive spin on it , " Dastous says . "  He was just really engaging and really fun to listen to . " Six years have passed since the 57-year-old teacher had Alex in class , but the memories are clear . "  He just really kind of stood out from the other kids . He was always smiling . " Alex was an honors student whom other faculty recalled as having a sense of humor , says Anna Battle , principal of the 3,000-student school , one of the largest in Arizona . "  He was n't Mr. Flamboyant . He was n't Mr. Social Anybody . He was an even-keeled , pleasant , quality young man who loved superheroes , " Battle says . "  One English teacher said he was a good writer and wrote exceptionally about superheroes . "  Unfortunately , it sounds like the young man who created this incident  in the Colorado movie theater  had some challenges that Alex may have been able to help , " Battle adds . The alleged gunman is also 24 and was a neuroscience doctoral student at University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora . According to a court document filed by his public defense attorneys , he was also a patient of a university psychiatrist . ` My hero every day ' Alex Teves will not be forgotten . His father shares one more memory . Alex was injured with a group of kids when their car rolled over in an accident in the desert . He was a student at the University of Arizona at the time . When an ambulance arrived , Alex insisted the other passengers get inside first , his father recalls , even though he needed immediate treatment , too . Once in intensive care , Alex asked his father to visit one of his friends who was hospitalized because that boy 's parents had yet to arrive . "  That 's the kind of kid he was , " the father says . "  The world is worse off because he 's not in it . " 4 Colorado shooting victims remembered for vitality , selflessness That the suspect had dyed his hair red to resemble the villain Joker of the Batman series is a cruel turn of fate that enrages the grieving father . Tom Teves does n't want his son 's legacy to be defined by a gunman . When the man first appeared in court last week in Colorado , Teves was there . He calls the suspect "  a coward . " "  He did n't look like much , " Teves says . "  My son could have wiped the floor with him . " Then the father continues : "  If he would have known my son , he would have helped him . " He returns to his challenge to the media . He blames news outlets , including CNN , for playing a role in perpetuating mass shootings . "  You make him out to be a madman , " he says of the man suspected of killing his son . "  He knew he was going to be on television . These guys are playing you like fiddles . Either you 're not that bright -- I used a better word than I was thinking of -- or you do n't care and you 're using it to sell advertising , and then you 're the worst thing on the face of the earth . " Tom and Caren Teves have been married 28 years . He worked two or three jobs sometimes , so that their kids could benefit from having their mother at home full-time . Now the couple faces raising their 16 - and 17-year-old sons without their big brother . "  He was my hero every day , " Teves says . The father is n't surprised by the way Alex responded when savagery slipped inside the movie theater . "  Alex is in heaven , " he adds . "  I 'm quite sure of it . " His anger subsides . The couple is accompanied by Caren Teves ' sister and her husband , whom the Teveses earlier picked up at the Phoenix airport . The in-laws , Joe and Carla Morgan , express outrage that the suspect 's photo appears five times on the front page of a national newspaper , overwhelming any photos of Alex and the others who lost their lives . "  Stop showing cowards and start showing heroes , " Tom Teves says , "  so that another father does n't feel the hole in his body that I have and I know will never go away . " He puts his hand over his heart . His wife extends her hand and joins his . "  It 's got to end , " he says . "  You do your part , and I promise to do the other . " He says he will spend his days reminding the media of this challenge in his son 's name . Remembering Rebecca Wingo , Aurora victim How to help the victims of the Colorado massacre Driven by personal tragedy , man builds crosses for Aurora victims , thousands of others	Tom Teves wants the goodness of humanity , not evil , to be remembered Alex Teves was one of 12 people killed in the Aurora , Colorado , theater shooting "  If you want to describe Alex in one word , he was just good , " his father said Media focus on violent criminals only encourages others , and insults victims , he says
CNN  -- For over half a century , Formula One has been a man 's game . But maybe no more as the sport 's glass ceiling suffered a further fracture on Wednesday . Monisha Kaltenborn became the sport 's first female team principal when she was handed the reins at Sauber in October and now Williams has followed suit after appointing Claire Williams to a similar key role . The daughter of team founder Frank Williams , the 36-year-old will work alongside her father as deputy team principal . The British team is the only constructor which currently employs a female driver with Susie Wolff testing for the marque . "  I 'm truly honored to be taking on the role of deputy team principal and look forward to working alongside Frank to help run the team this season and beyond , " Claire told Williams ' official website . "  I have grown up in the sport and have learned the ropes from one of Formula One 's legendary team principals and as a result I feel well equipped for this new challenge . "  I understand the commitment that every person within the team gives each day to see our car out on the track and I am determined to see us back at the top . " Williams are one of the most successful teams in F1 history , winning nine constructors ' championships and seven drivers ' titles since making their debut at the 1978 Argentine Grand Prix . But in recent times the team has floundered , although Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado did pick up Williams ' first race win since 2004 at last year 's Spanish Grand Prix . Frank Williams , who is tetraplegic and has been confined to a wheelchair since a car accident in 1986 , is confident the future of the team is in safe hands . "  Over the past decade Claire has worked tirelessly for Williams , " said the 70-year-old . "  Her knowledge of the sport and passion for the team is unquestionable and I 'm proud to say that during her time here she has proven herself to be one of our most valuable assets . "  With Claire being appointed Deputy Team Principal , I know the future of Williams is in extremely safe hands . "  This appointment also had Ginny 's blessing who I know would have been incredibly proud to have seen Claire taking on this position by my side , " added Williams , referring to his wife Virginia , who died earlier this month of cancer . Williams ' driver pairing of Maldonado and rookie Valtteri Bottas will both be on the grid for the Chinese Grand Prix on April 14 .	Claire Williams appointed deputy team principal at William F1 team Claire will be working beneath her father and team principal Frank Williams Monisha Kaltenborn became the sport 's first female team principal at Sauber last year Williams ' test driver Suzie Wolff is the only female driver currently employed in the sport
CNN  -- Sarah Murnaghan , the Philadelphia girl who underwent a lung transplant last week following a court battle , is out of a coma and responsive . The 10-year-old woke up Friday night , said Tracy Simon , a family spokeswoman . Although she remains on a ventilator and is unable to talk , she is nodding and shaking her head in response to questions , Simon said . Prior to her surgery , Sarah , who suffers from cystic fibrosis , was put in a medically induced coma to allow her body needed rest prior to the transplant surgery . Her family fought to allow children to compete with adults waiting for lungs based on sickness in a case that has sparked a public debate . She received new lungs on June 12 after a six-hour surgery that included resizing lungs from a grownup . "  We expect it will be a long road , but we 're not going for easy , we 're going for possible . And an organ donor has made this possible for her , " the family said in a statement . The parents ' push for an organ transplant policy change has thrust the issue of who gets donated organs into the national spotlight . This month , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network 's executive committee approved a one-year change that makes children younger than 12 eligible for priority on adult lung transplant lists . Sarah received lungs donated by an adult , according to Simon , meaning the lungs needed to be modified . She has been in and out of hospitals her entire life , but her condition worsened this year . Her lungs had been deteriorating rapidly over the past few months -- much faster than anyone in her family expected . In May , doctors told her mother , Janet Murnaghan , that Sarah had less than five weeks to live . With just weeks left , Sarah fights the system for life-saving pair of lungs "  We knew at some point , she would need new lungs , " her father , Fran Murnaghan , said in May . "  We had hoped it would be much further down the road , but the disease has progressed . " At that time , Sarah had been on the waiting list for new lungs for 18 months . The Murnaghans were under the impression that the transplant would happen any day , since she was the first candidate on the priority list for children in her region . But children 's organs rarely become available . In 2012 , there were just 10 transplants in Sarah 's age group , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing . Comparatively , there were more than 1,700 adult transplants in the same year . Only people 12 years and older qualified for the adult lungs . Doctors previously have said they believe modified adult lungs could save her life . Her family contacted a lawyer this month , who petitioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules that keep children under 12 from being prioritized for donated lungs . Sebelius had previously told the family that she did n't have the authority to intervene in a particular case , but she did also call for a policy review . Any change in the policy , though , could take up to two years -- time the Murnaghans did n't have . In a letter before the surgery , the family argued the rule was making it all but impossible for Sarah to receive a lung ; every adult on the list would have to turn down the lung to let the little girl have it . "  The Under 12 Rule is unfair , arbitrary and capricious , inconsistent with the statute and regulations , and stands in the way of Sarah potentially receiving a set of lungs that she needs to live , " wrote Stephen G. Harvey , the family 's lawyer . Dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants "  We have never , ever asked that Sarah get special attention or be placed in front of anyone more severe than her , " her father said at the time . "  So if there ... is another adult who is more severe , who has a higher lung allocation score , they will still get their lungs first . " Several factors determine someone 's place in line on the adult list : distance from donor to potential recipient , a lung allocation score determined by a patient 's diagnosis and test results , and a patient 's blood type . Several lawmakers also got involved urging Sebelius to act . Rep. Patrick Meehan and Sen. Pat Toomey , both from Pennsylvania , co-signed a letter sent to HHS . It read : "  You have the ability and authority to intervene to allow for Sarah and other children under the age of 12 to become eligible for adult organs . " On June 5 , the Murnaghan family asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block Sebelius from having the agency that oversees transplants apply the policy . The judge granted the injunction and ordered Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive the rule in Sarah 's case . Sebelius sent a letter to the OPTN the following day directing it to comply with the judge 's order . Girl 's ordeal spurs temporary change to lung transplant policy for kids	The 10-year-old woke up Friday night Although she remains on a ventilator , she is nodding and shaking her head to questions Prior to her surgery , Sarah was put into a medically induced coma
CNN  -- On January 12 , I went to basketball practice and then spent time with a kids ' basketball league . The whole time my phone was in the car . When I finally looked at it , I had about 50 messages saying , "  Have you been watching the news about Haiti ? " It still haunts me to think that , as I went about my business that day , my homeland shuddered , crashed , and crumbled . More than 220,000 of my fellow Haitians died . Another 1.6 million were instantly left homeless -- most with nothing but the clothes on their backs . About 800,000 of them are children . Haiti has never been an easy place to be a kid . When I was growing up in Port-au-Prince , I felt lucky because I always had at least one meal a day . Some of my friends were starving . But we all shared what we had with each other . We figured out ways to have fun with nothing but a small patch of dirt to play in . We got along with very little , and we told ourselves that -- if we got just the slightest opportunity -- we would grab onto it and use it to do great things . That is what Haiti 's children need now . They need opportunity . They need our help . It is amazing what kids can endure . Haiti 's children have held the hands of parents as they lay crushed and dying beneath rubble . They 've lost families , best friends , homes , schools . They can survive all that . But they ca n't thrive without us stepping up . Right after the earthquake , the immediate and enormous generosity from people in the U.S. made such a difference in Haiti -- and it made me very proud to be part of this huge-hearted nation . Organizations like UNICEF , which I have partnered with for years through my Samuel Dalembert Foundation , were able to provide emergency relief that stopped another wave of disaster in the form of disease and starvation . In the last six months , UNICEF has been providing water , food , shelter , immunizations , medicines , child protection , and education supplies to hundreds of thousands of Haitian children and their families . But in many ways , the hard work is just beginning . And the need remains huge . Those 1.6 million people left homeless are still living in tents and makeshift shelters -- and hurricane season is fast approaching . More than one third of the spontaneous settlements that have been created lack adequate sanitation , and this can make kids ill and lead to major disease outbreaks . People in settlements still rely on water being trucked in every day , and many do n't get enough considering the near 100-degree heat . Learn more about helping Haiti at Impact Your World Education is going to make all the difference to Haiti 's future . Given the opportunity to learn , the children who survived the earthquake will grow up to transform their nation and lead it towards prosperity . But before the earthquake , only four in ten kids went to school , and that number is even lower now . Teachers are also absent because so many lost their homes and are now displaced . I was lucky enough to get the opportunity I dreamed of as a child in Haiti . And I started my foundation because I wanted to give other kids that chance , too . It 's my deep belief that those who are lucky enough to have success in this life should do something -- anything -- to help others . So I ask : Even if you 've already been generous , do n't forget Haiti now that it 's dropped from the news headlines . Organizations like UNICEF are there for kids , but they need funds to rebuild schools , train teachers , set up feeding centers , immunize against disease , dig wells , install water pumps ... There are hundreds of thousands of very resilient kids in Haiti who are surviving despite all they 've been through . They can endure a lot . Parents dying . Living in tents in 100-degree weather and rainstorms . Hungry bellies . But we do n't want a nation of kids just barely surviving -- we want a nation of leaders . Haiti 's children ca n't become leaders if they do n't go to school . They ca n't become leaders if they 're so hungry they ca n't concentrate . Or if they have to spend their days selling sodas in the street to make a few pennies . They ca n't become leaders if the water they drink makes them chronically sick . Or if they never get the vaccines that will keep deadly diseases away . If you join me in giving Haiti 's kids the opportunities they deserve , I can promise they will do great things . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Samuel Dalembert .	As Haiti recovers from January quake , children bear a heavy burden , says Samuel Dalembert He says it 's important that kids not only survive , but are educated and kept healthy Dalembert recalls growing up poor in Haiti , sharing with friends who had less He and other kids vowed if they got any opportunity , they would use it to do great things , he says
CNN  -- Captain Thomas Hudner traveled to North Korea with hopes of finding the remains of an old friend shot down more 60 years ago during the Korean War . Instead , he returned home with an offer of talks for the U.S. government . Leader Kim Jong Un is said to have been personally moved by Hudner 's story and has ordered his military to do all they can to help find his comrade 's remains . A surprising level of co-operation coming just months after Kim 's regime made threats of a nuclear war with the United States . North Korea : A sneak peek through the keyhole December 4 , 1950 , Hudner was wingman to the U.S. Navy 's first African-American pilot , Jesse Brown . Brown was shot down deep within enemy territory and was trapped in his cockpit . Hudner risked his life -- deliberately crash landing his own plane -- to try to rescue him . Brown died on the side of a mountain in the brutal Korean winter but Hudner made him a promise he 'd be back for him . Hudner did return to Korea but bad weather prevented him reaching the crash site . Despite his disappointment , Hudner says his 10 day visit has made him aspire to more . "  Our mission is just a part of a grand overall mission of preventing nuclear war and other types of war that could set us back to where we were 63 years ago . " Hudner has sent a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry relaying North Korea 's wish to resume the joint recovery work of U.S. remains that stalled in 2005 . Around 8,000 Americans are still MIA in the country but consecutive U.S. governments have frozen the search for bodies due to Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . North Korea 's Kim Jong Un honors country 's war veterans In his letter , Hudner said the officials of the Korean People 's Army told him "  they wish for this humanitarian mission to continue regardless of the larger political issues . These men are soldiers and professionals whom I have looked in the eyes and come to trust . " Hudner and fellow Korean War veterans were surprised by the level of respect and hospitality they received from officers of the Korean People 's Army who were escorting them throughout their trip . "  Sometimes you get with groups of veterans of other nations , " says Hudner , "  and there 's a guardedness that they have . They do n't want to say too much , they do n't want to get too close to you but these ... they 're very friendly . It 's almost as if we 're old allies getting together . " Hudner acknowledges his hopes of this trip contributing to better relations may be naive but is considering the invitation to return to North Korea in September . An advance team sent to the Chosin or Jangjin Reservoir by the KPA was stranded by the floods last week , but the KPA believes roads and helicopter landing pads can be repaired in a couple of months . The KPA does insist though it wants a representative of the U.S. Joint P.O.W / M.I.A. Accounting Command  JPAC  to accompany any future expedition to search for Jesse Brown 's remains . This would require a decision by the Obama administration to actively re-engage with North Korea . State news : North Korea proposes high-level talks with U.S.	Captain Thomas Hudner hopes to find the remains of a friend shot down in Korean War Leader Kim Jong Un is apparently moved by his story and ordered his military to help U.S. governments have frozen search for bodies due to Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions Hudner has written to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to resume recovery work
Dutch installation artist Florentijn Hofman must be feeling cursed right about now . The man whose giant rubber duck was stabbed 42 times in Belgium , attacked by a suspected eagle in Keelung City , Taiwan , and sunk in Hong Kong has a new disaster to contend with : grilled rabbit . Hofman 's giant Moon Rabbit , on exhibit at the Taoyuan Land Arts Festival since September 4 , was damaged in a fire on Monday , a day after the 11-day festival concluded . "  The workers have disassembled and set aside the rabbit 's ears and head before removing the limbs of the rabbit , " according to Department of Cultural Affairs , Taoyuan County Government . About five percent of the remaining rabbit is scorched , resulting a charred torso and paws . Cause of fire unknown The cause of the fire is still under investigation , but is believed to have been "  caused by sparks from chainsaws " used by workers disassembling the rabbit , according to Focus Taiwan . Made from Tyvek -- a waterproof , paper-like construction material -- Hofman 's enormous yet adorable Moon Rabbit spent the festival reclining on a grass-roof bunker , gazing at the moon . The Moon Rabbit was inspired by Chinese folklore associated with the Mid-Autumn Festival , which took place last week . According to legend , the rabbit lives on the moon and is the companion of the moon goddess Chang ` er . "  The fortunate thing is that Moon Rabbit was especially designed for the short-term exhibition for Taoyuan Land Arts Festival , and the festival was over yesterday , " said Hsin-yi Hu , exbihition manager for Blue Dragon Art Company , the Taiwan-based group responsible for bringing the rabbit to the festival . "  As a typhoon is coming , workers had been trying to disassemble the installation as quickly as possible , " said Hu . "  The fire started on the lawn before spreading to the rabbit . " Hofman , after being notified , said he was relieved to hear no one was injured from the accident and "  blamed " that on the warmess of Taiwanese people to his work , according to the statement .	Larger-than-life bunny art installation in Taiwan catches fire Cause of fire unknown , but said to have been accidentally started by workers Massive bunny was made mostly of Tyvek construction material It 's not first mishap for one of Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman 's creations
CNN  -- The close-knit community of backcountry skiing was in mourning Monday , a day after an avalanche in Washington state killed a prominent judge in the extreme sport plus two other experienced skiers . The avalanche occurred Sunday in the Cascade Mountains about three miles west of the Stevens Pass ski area , said John Gifford , general manager of that resort . The dead included Stevens Pass marketing director Chris Rudolph , who was described on the ski area 's website as "  a man of endless charisma and charm , whose vision and dedication to Stevens Pass helped shape the mountain we all love today . " Another victim was John Brenan , whom the website called "  an enthusiastic Leavenworth local , events host and former ski patroller . " The third man killed was Jim Jack , head judge of the Subaru Freeskiing World Tour . With events from Chile to Canada , that competitive circuit bills itself on its website as the "  longest running and most prestigious competitive big mountain skiing tour in the world . " According to that organization 's Facebook page , there was a 4 p.m. MT  6 p.m. ET  memorial Monday at the Snowbird ski area in Utah to honor Jack , who was called "  our brother and  an  amazing freeskiing spirit , " and the two other victims . More than 100 people attended the event , according to the Seattle Times . "  This is unreal , " wrote one commenter . "  Jim Jack , you will be so missed . " The three were among a group of about 12 skiers that included staffers from ESPN and Powder magazine , which both offered accounts of the incident . The designated out-of-bounds area they were all in was not closed , and they were allowed to be there , said Deputy Chris Bedker of the King County Sheriff 's Office . "  Nature happened , " added Katie Larson , also from the sheriff 's office , noting that those in the group were experienced and had the required equipment . John Stifler , Powder magazine 's senior editor , said that Jack -- the seventh skiier to head down the slope -- triggered the avalanche . The barreling snow rapidly enveloped Jack , Brenan , Rudolph and professional skier Elyse Saugstad . Saugstad told The Seattle Times on Sunday that she recalled hearing someone yell "  Avalanche ! " "  The next thing I knew , I was taking more than a 2,000-foot ride down an avalanche , tumbling and turning and tossing the entire way , " she told the newspaper . On her website , Saugstad said that she ended up being buried partially and survived "  on account of the inflation of my ABS Avalanche Airbag Backpack . " That device allowed her to keep her head and arms above the snow . After the avalanche hit , "  almost all " the skiers were "  buried in snow , " said Larson of the King County Sheriff 's Office . Those who could dug themselves out and then located Brenan , Jack and Rudolph . "  They  began  CPR and , unfortunately , were not able to resuscitate the victims , " Larson said . On the same day and about 25 miles away , Karl Milanoski , 41 , was traversing an area he 'd "  skied many times " when fresh snow "  collapsed to what was a cliff and Karl fell between 500 to 1,000 feet to his death , " according to a website set up to raise memorial funds for his family . Milanoski , who is survived by a 10-year-old daughter , was "  an expert skier and snowboarder  who was  always very cautious , " according to the website . A posting on the Facebook page of Alpental , a backcountry skiing area affiliated with the Summit at Snoqualmie around where this avalanche reportedly occurred , said , "  Our thoughts and prayers to all the families and friends of those lost in the mountains today . A tough day for the mountain community ! " Backcountry skiing draws people looking for "  better turns  and  less people , " said Michelle "  Meesh " Hytner , who was not part of the Washington group and who recently survived a avalanche in Colorado . Hytner expressed fears that the risks -- at least this year -- may outweigh the rewards . "  There are a lot of reasons to go out of bounds , but ... I do n't want anything else to happen to anybody , " she told CNN . "  It 's just so sad . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : A fourth man died in an avalanche elsewhere in Washington , his family says John Brenan , Jim Jack and Chris Rudolph are killed in the Cascade Mountains Professional skier Elyse Saugstad credits an airbag backpack for her survival She recalls swiftly "  taking more than a 2,000-foot ride down an avalanche "
CNN  -- Richard III is the king we British just ca n't seem to make our minds up about . The monarch who reigned from 1483 to 1485 became , a century later , the blackest villain of Shakespeare 's history plays . The three most commonly known facts of his life are that he stole the crown , murdered his nephews and died wailing for a horse at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 . His death ushered in the Tudor dynasty , so Richard often suffers the dual ignominy of being named the last "  medieval " king of England -- in which medieval is not held to be a good thing . Like any black legend , much of it is slander . Richard did indeed usurp the crown and lose at Bosworth . He probably had his nephews killed , too ; it is unknowable but overwhelmingly likely . Yet as his many supporters have been busy telling us since it was announced Monday that Richard 's lost skeleton was found in a car park in Leicester , he was n't all bad . In fact , he was for most of his life loyal and conscientious . To fill you in , a news conference held at the University of Leicester on Monday confirmed what archaeologists working there have suspected for months : that a skeleton removed from under a parking lot in the city center last fall was indeed the long-lost remains of Richard III . News : Richard III : Is this the face that launched 1,000 myths ? His official burial place -- under the floor of a church belonging to the monastic order of the Greyfriars -- had been lost during the dissolution of the monasteries that was carried out in the 1530s under Henry VIII . A legend grew up that the bones had been thrown in a river . Today , we know they were not . What do the bones tell us ? Well , they show that Richard -- identified by mitochondrial DNA tests against a Canadian descendant of his sister , Anne of York -- was about 5-foot-8 , suffered curvature of the spine and had delicate limbs . He had been buried roughly and unceremoniously in a shallow grave too small for him , beneath the choir of the church . He had died from a slicing blow to the back of the head sustained during battle and had suffered many other "  humiliation injuries " after his death , including having a knife or dagger plunged into his hind parts . His hands may have been tied at his burial . Opinion : What will the finding of Richard III mean ? In other words , we have quite a lot of either new or confirmed biographical information about Richard . He was not a hunchback , but he was spindly and warped . He died unhorsed . He was buried where it was said he was buried . He very likely was , as one source had said , carried roughly across a horse 's back from the battlefield where he died to Leicester , stripped naked and abused all the way . All this is known today thanks to a superb piece of historical teamwork . The interdisciplinary team at Leicester that worked toward Monday 's revelations deserves huge plaudits . From the desk-based research that pinpointed the spot to dig , to the digging itself , to the bone analysis , the DNA work and the genealogy that identified Richard 's descendants , all of it is worthy of the highest praise . Hat-tips , too , to the Richard III Society , as well as Leicester 's City Council , which pulled together to make the project happen and also to publicize the society and city so effectively . However , should anyone today tell you that Richard 's skeleton somehow vindicates his historical reputation , you may tell them they are talking horsefeathers . News : Back from the grave , King Richard III gets rehab Richard III got a rep for a reason . He usurped the crown from a 12-year old boy , who later died . This was his great crime , and there is no point denying it . It is true that before this crime , Richard was a conspicuously loyal lieutenant to the boy 's father , his own brother , King Edward IV . It is also true that once he was king , Richard made a great effort to promote justice to the poor and needy , stabilize royal finances and contain public disorder . But this does not mitigate that he stole the crown , justifying it after the fact with the claim that his nephews were illegitimate . Likewise , it remains indisputably true that his usurpation threw English politics , painstakingly restored to some order in the 12 years before his crime , into a turmoil from which it did not fully recover for another two decades . So the discovery of Richard 's bones is exciting . But it does not tell us anything to justify changing the current historical view of Richard : that the Tudor historians and propagandists , culminating with Shakespeare , may have exaggerated his physical deformities and the horrors of Richard 's character , but he remains a criminal king whose actions wrought havoc on his realm . Unfortunately , we do n't all want to hear that . Richard remains the only king with a society devoted to rehabilitating his name , and it is a trait of some "  Ricardians " to refuse to acknowledge any criticism of their hero whatever . So despite today 's discovery , we Brits are likely to remain split on Richard down the old lines : murdering , crook-backed , dissembling Shakespearean monster versus misunderstood , loyal , enlightened , slandered hero . Which is the truth ? Somewhere in between . That 's a classic historian 's answer , is n't it ? But it 's also the truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Jones .	Dan Jones : Richard III 's remains found ; some see chance to redeem his bad reputation Jones says the bones reveal and confirm his appearance , how he died and his injuries Nothing changes his rep as a usurper of the crown who likely had nephews killed , Jones says Jones : Richard good or bad ? Truth likely somewhere in between
Health.com  -- Each year , nearly 10,000 high school athletes in the U.S. suffer heat-related illnesses that require medical attention and cause them to miss practice or games , according to a report released today by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Fully two-thirds of those cases occur in August , according to the report , and roughly 80 percent of the stricken athletes are football players , who at this time of year are often slogging through grueling preseason workouts . With temperatures hovering in the 90s and beyond , dehydration and heat exhaustion while exercising are a very real -- and potentially dangerous -- threat . And competitive athletes are n't the only ones who can experience problems when the mercury and humidity peak . Even if they 're in excellent shape , weekend warriors may find themselves suffering heat-related symptoms after a long run or even a day of lawn mowing and yard work . Health.com : 10 easy ways to burn calories this summer "  People get out there and ... do a really hard workout , " says Scott Anderson , a certified athletic trainer in Clearwater , Florida . "  The sensible thing is to go slow , and work up progressively . ... A lot of people even go indoors and cross-train if it 's too hot . " Not everyone has access to a climate-controlled gym , however . If your only option is to exercise outdoors despite the torrid weather , you can take some steps to avoid problems such as dehydration , cramping , heat exhaustion , and -- because air quality gets worse on hot , muggy days -- breathing trouble . How heat and humidity take a toll When your body gets overheated , its natural response is to sweat . And when that sweat evaporates off your skin , it lowers your body temperature . But if the temperature or humidity is sky-high , this built-in cooling system can break down . Sweat does n't evaporate properly because of all the moisture in the air , and your skin does n't release body heat as effectively . "  You 're still sweating , but it 's not doing as much for your body temperature , " says Michael F. Bergeron , Ph.D. , director of the National Institute for Athletic Health & Performance at the Sanford University of South Dakota Medical Center , in Sioux Falls . As your body temperature climbs , lightheadedness , dizziness , nausea , fatigue , and muscle cramps can result . All of these are signs of heat exhaustion . And if you do n't cool off quickly -- by going into an air-conditioned building or drinking cold water , say -- heat exhaustion can sometimes turn into heat stroke . Health.com : 15 big benefits of water Heat stroke occurs when your body temperature hits 105 degrees . The condition can cause problems in the muscles , kidneys , liver , brain , and heart , and people with heat stroke often start to breathe quickly and behave erratically , Bergeron notes . If they do n't get medical help and bring their body temperature down , they may even have a seizure or slip into a coma . In extreme cases heat stroke can be deadly . If you or someone you 're with start to experience the symptoms of heat stroke , seek medical attention immediately or call 911 . When is it safe to exercise outdoors ? It 's important to watch the temperature , but the most relevant number you need to know before heading outdoors is the heat index , which takes humidity into account and represents how hot it feels . The risk of muscle cramping and heat exhaustion rises as the heat index climbs above 90 . Although less serious than heat exhaustion , cramping is dangerous , especially when you 're dehydrated . "  When you start cramping and do n't have enough fuel in the tank , that can lead to something more serious , like pulling a muscle , " Anderson says . When the index is higher than 100 , heat stroke also becomes more likely . In the Tampa Bay area , where Anderson conditions and trains high school football players , the index is almost always in the danger zone , and it 's not uncommon for it to reach 105 . It 's really important to modify your exercise routine when the index is that high , Anderson says . Health.com : Fun in the sun workout Anderson recommends scaling back the duration or intensity of your workouts once the hot weather hits . It takes about two weeks to get acclimated to exercising in the heat  especially if you 're not in top shape to begin with  , he says . After that period , you 're free to gradually ramp back up . When it 's really hot out , Bergeron advises , it 's a good idea to take breaks more frequently , exercise in the shade whenever possible , and wear breathable and light-colored clothing . Exercising in the heat is safe if you use common sense and follow some basic rules , Bergeron says . "  As long as they 're not working -LSB- out -RSB- too hard , someone who is well rested , hydrated , and nourished can tolerate pretty tough conditions , " he says . Stay hydrated The most important thing to do while working out in the heat is to stay hydrated . That may seem obvious , but hydrating properly is more complicated than you may think . For starters , you should drink plenty of fluids before and after your workout , not just during . Anderson tells his football players to hydrate throughout the day to prepare for their 4 p.m. practices , and to drink 16 to 20 ounces of water or a sports drink  like Gatorade  one hour before practice . Health.com : Drink this for a better run During your workout , you should consume 4 to 16 ounces of fluids every 15 to 20 minutes , according to the American College of Sports Medicine . Sports drinks -- which contain lots of sugar and additives in addition to the electrolytes that help keep you hydrated -- are most beneficial during prolonged exercise , Bergeron says , and it 's sometimes wise to alternate them with water . Do n't rely on your thirst to tell you when to drink . "  People let thirst drive them to drink , but it is n't enough to match what they are losing -LSB- by sweating -RSB- , " Bergeron says , adding that if you start feeling thirsty , you 're already dehydrated . Food is also important for staying hydrated . Eating regular meals and snacks throughout the day -- especially foods such as bananas that contain potassium and other vital nutrients  in addition to water  -- will help prep your body for a workout in the heat . "  Maintaining good hydration is key to safety in the heat , but it is not all protective , " Bergeron says . Research that Bergeron took part in has shown that even if kids are well hydrated , they can overheat and even experience heat stroke if they exercise too intensely and get hot too quickly . "  You can still overheat and have serious problems when you are well hydrated , " he explains . Protect your lungs Dehydration and heat exhaustion are n't the only hazards of exercising on hot days . The stagnant air caused by heat and humidity tends to trap airborne pollutants , such as car exhaust , which react in the presence of sunlight to form ozone , a main ingredient in smog . Working out in smoggy air can cause lung trouble in people with respiratory conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  COPD  . But even in people without lung conditions , hard exercise on days with lots of smog can reduce lung function and create a reaction akin to an asthma attack , says Norman Edelman , M.D. , chief medical officer of the American Lung Association . Health.com : 7 surprising triggers of lung trouble "  Ground-level ozone is an irritant . If you breathe in too much , it irritates the nose , throat , and lungs , " Edelman says . "  It 's like you 're getting a sunburn in your airways . Ozone promotes inflammation of the airways , and they get red and swollen . " A partnership of government agencies publishes daily air-quality forecasts for every zip code in the U.S. at AirNow.gov , ranking air quality on a six-point , color-coded scale ranging from green  "  good "  to dark red  "  hazardous "  . The green and yellow  "  moderate "  levels are normal for most of the country during the summer , Edelman says . The orange level can cause problems in people who are sensitive to ozone  like asthmatics  , however , and on red days he recommends that everyone stay indoors to exercise . "  It 's important not to macho it , " he says . "  Lots of people say , ` I 'm feeling tight in the chest , but I can run through it . ' But the more you run , the more bad air you take in , and if you have -LSB- sensitive -RSB- airways it can be very irritating . " If you have to exercise outdoors , the best time to do it is early in the morning , Edelman says . He also suggests avoiding heavily trafficked roads to reduce the pollutants you inhale . And if you have asthma or other chronic lung disease , talk with your doctor about your exercise routine and make sure you have a plan in case you experience breathing problems . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Each year , nearly 10,000 high school athletes in the U.S. suffer heat-related illnesses Dehydration and heat exhaustion are n't the only hazards of exercising on hot days Heat stroke occurs when your body temperature hits 105 degrees
CNN  -- Dubai police Monday identified 11 people suspected in the killing of a top Hamas official last month and vowed "  to hunt them down . " At the same time , police offered a chilling scenario of how Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing who had survived at least three other previous attempts on his life , was killed in his hotel room January 19 just hours after arriving in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . The 11 suspects identified Monday include one woman and 10 men . All of them hold valid European passports -- one from France , three from Ireland , six from Britain , and one from Germany . None of the suspects has been arrested or charged in the killing . According to police , the suspects arrived in Dubai the day before the killing . Five of them carried out the crime while the remaining six served as lookouts , police said . Police identified a man from France as the logistical mastermind . Police allege the man stayed at a luxury hotel in Dubai , but also booked a room at the al Bustan Rotana hotel where al-Mabhouh was killed . The French suspect requested room 237 -- directly across from where al-Mabhouh was staying in room 230 , police say , but the suspect apparently never stayed there . Instead , police say the rest of the group used the room to plot the killing and the alleged mastermind left the country before it was carried out . Footage on security cameras at Dubai International Airport show one of the suspects following al-Mabhouh after he landed , police said . Two others followed him once he arrived at the hotel , police said , taking the same elevator and ensuring al-Mabhouh was staying in room 230 . Police said they believe the suspects entered al-Mabhouh 's room about 8 p.m. after the hotel cleaning crew finished their rotation on the floor , using an electronic device to gain entry . Al-Mabhouh entered his room at 8:25 p.m. , hotel security cameras and an electronic readout of his room key show . Police say the killing took no more than 10 minutes before the suspects left the room and headed immediately to the airport where they boarded flights to various cities in Europe and Asia , police said . Before leaving , police said , the group took great care to make sure the room looked orderly , removing anything that might indicate that al-Mabhouh resisted . The suspects also deliberately turned the safety lock on the room door from the inside in order to suggest the death was normal , police said . Police did not provide details about the nature of the killing in its statement Monday , but authorities have told al-Mabhouh 's family that there were signs of five or six electric shocks on his legs , behind his ears , on his genitals and heart . Blood on a pillow led police to believe he was suffocated . Dubai police chief Dahi Khalfan said in a statement Monday that "  The United Arab Emirates does not accept the notion that its land can be used as a battlefield for settling scores no matter what the causes or affiliations of these involved perpetrators can be . " He warned that anyone who tries to "  tamper with the country 's security or the safety of any resident or visitor of its community will be subject to prosecution and accountability . " At al-Mabhouh 's funeral in January in Damascus , Syria , where he spent the last years of his life , mourners speculated that Israel 's intelligence unit , Mossad , was behind the assassination . Al-Mabhouh was behind the kidnapping and killing of two Israeli soldiers in 1989 , according to Hamas . Israeli security sources have told CNN that al-Mabhouh was a key link between Iran , Hezbollah and Hamas and he was involved in smuggling arms to Gaza . The same sources also point out an arms dealer could have many enemies , not just Israel . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement .	Senior Hamas official , Mahmoud al-Mabhouh was killed in Dubai January 19 The 11 suspects identified Monday include one woman and 10 men His family believe Israel was behind the killing Israel neither confirms nor denies any role in the death
Gay-rights activists in Uganda warned Monday of mounting violence against homosexuals after parliament passed controversial legislation last week that would make some gay acts punishable with life in prison . "  The witch hunt had already started , and now it has been legitimized by the parliament of Uganda , which is very scary , " said Clare Byarugaba , coordinator for the Ugandan Civil Society Coalition on Human Rights and Constitutional Law , an umbrella gay-rights group . "  We do n't know how brutal the police will be now that the bill has passed . With this legitimization , it 's going to get worse . " Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . Currently in Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation , saying the Western lifestyle risks destroying Ugandan family units . Gay activists in Uganda are regularly detained , blackmailed and harassed in what they say has been an ongoing campaign led by religious and political leaders in the conservative East African country . "  What we are convinced and sure of is that nobody can in one 's right conscience and consciousness choose to be homosexual , " said Simon Lokodo , Uganda 's minister for Ethics and Integrity . "  This must be under pressure or conditions because we know that the natural tendency is always for a male to go for a female and vice-versa . " The moral fervor has even impacted the expatriate community in Uganda . A retired British man is facing up to two years in prison over the possession of a gay sex video . The man says the images were stolen along with his laptop in a break-in at his home . Images from the video were later published in a local tabloid newspaper notorious for outing gays . Bernard Randall , 65 , was scheduled to appear in an Entebbe court last week , but his case has been postponed until January 22 . Randall was arrested and released on bail last month and is charged with "  trafficking obscene publications , " which carries a sentence of up to two years . His partner , Ugandan Albert Cheptoyek , was arrested and will stand trial alongside him , facing a more serious charge for "  gross indecency , " which carries a sentence of up to seven years . "  There certainly seems to be a ramping up of pressure from the state here against homosexuals , " said Randall , citing a string of arrests and trials against gay activists in recent months . "  I 'm still very concerned if they drop the case or if I 'm found not guilty . " Early this year , another British national , David Cecil , faced up to two years in prison for staging a play with a gay character without government permission . Though the charges against him were dropped for lack of evidence , he was deported from Uganda one month later . Cecil has since filed an appeal against his deportation at the High Court in Uganda , but those proceedings have also stalled . The bill , which in its original form prescribed the death penalty for cases of "  aggravated homosexuality " -- for instance if someone is infected with HIV -- was reduced before the vote to life imprisonment . Clauses that criminalize the "  promotion " of homosexuality could cause activists and even doctors treating gay patients with HIV to face prison time . Member of parliament David Bahati praised the bill 's passage on Friday , thanking the speaker "  for the courage and defending the children of Uganda and the cause for humanity , to protect our marriages , to defend culture and to defend the future of our children . " The International HIV/AIDS Alliance said in a statement that the bill will have a "  disastrous impact on the country 's HIV response . " Uganda is one of only two countries in Africa with a rising AIDS rate , after being hailed for its early success in fighting the epidemic in the 1990s . President Yoweri Museveni still has to assent to the bill for it to become law -- "  So our only hope now is with the president of Uganda -- and we plan to put as much pressure as necessary to ensure that this bill does n't pass into law , " said Byarugaba , who is also a winner of the U.S. State Department 's 2011 Human Rights Defender Award . To become law , it requires Museveni 's signature within 30 days . Human rights groups are also on high alert and outspoken about the recent measures . "  President Museveni must veto this wildly discriminatory legislation , which amounts to a grave assault on human rights and makes a mockery of the Ugandan constitution , " said Aster van Kregten , deputy Africa director at Amnesty International . "  Passing the Anti-Homosexuality Bill was a retrograde step for Uganda 's Parliament , which has made some important progress on human rights in recent years , including criminalizing torture . It flies in the face of the Ugandan government 's stated commitment to ensure all legislation complies with human rights . " Gay activist Frank Mugisha said that he has been verbally and physically attacked since the bill 's passing and that many Ugandans think the bill has already become law . The 2011 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award winner told journalists at a news conference in Kampala Monday that gay-rights activists will be challenging the bill in constitutional court . The activists say they will contest the lack of a quorum in parliament , which Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi has also noted , saying the House did not have the necessary number of MPs for the bill to be passed . According to a parliamentary statement , the Prime Minister tried to defer consideration of the bill , saying that government was involved in "  negotiations " over the proposed legislation . "  I was not aware that this bill was coming up for debate . There are some issues on which we are still consulting , " Mbabazi was quoted as saying . However the bill has public backing from the parliamentary speaker , Rebecca Kadaga , who last year had promised to pass the bill as a "  Christmas gift " to Ugandans , but it was carried into the current session . The bill has also brought condemnations from the international community , which could lead to Uganda losing millions in donor aid . Last year , Germany cut off aid to Uganda , citing the bill as one of the reasons . UK Prime Minister David Cameron has also threatened to cut aid to Uganda over the bill . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton last week urged the Ugandan government "  to ensure respect of the principle of non-discrimination , guaranteed in the Ugandan Constitution , and to preserve a climate of tolerance for all minorities in Uganda . "	The bill calls for life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality " President Yoweri Museveni still has to assent to the bill for it to become law Gay-rights activists fear police brutality will increase with the bill 's passage Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries
All four members of Motley Crue signed an agreement Tuesday that will permanently dissolve the legendary rock group after a final tour . Vince Neil , Mick Mars , Nikki Sixx and Tommy Lee appeared in a Hollywood hotel Tuesday for a signing ceremony for a "  cessation of touring agreement , " which their lawyer said would bring a peaceful end to the group . "  Other bands have split up over rancor or the inability of people to get along , but this is mutual among all four original members and a peaceful decision to move on to other endeavors and to confirm it with a binding agreement , " attorney Doug Mark said . Motley Crue has sold more than 80 million albums since hitting the road in 1981 , but drummer Tommy Lee said , "  Everything must come to an end . " "  We always had a vision of going out with a big f**king bang and not playing county fairs and clubs with one or two original band members , " said Lee , who is the youngest member at 51 . "  Our job here is done . " Guitarist Mick Mars , the oldest band member at 62 , said the group 's 33 years have had "  more drama than ` General Hospital . ' " Vocalist Vince Neil , 52 , said he 'll miss the group , but it 's not an end to his rock career . "  I feel there are a lot of great opportunities and exciting projects after Motley . " The first leg of "  The Final Tour " starts in Grand Rapids , Michigan , on July 2 . The termination agreement becomes effective at the end of 2015 , after a global tour that will include Alice Cooper . "  Motley Crue and Alice Cooper -- A match made in Armageddon ? " said Cooper .	The "  cessation of touring agreement " goes into effect after 2015 "  Everything must come to an end , " drummer Tommy Lee says Agreement is "  a peaceful decision to move on to other endeavors , " band 's lawyer says "  The Final Tour " starts in July 2014
CNN  -- Eighteen people were killed and 43 seriously injured after the bus they were traveling in plunged into a ravine in a mountainous area south of the Indonesian capital , authorities said . The crash took place Wednesday morning in Puncak , West Java , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , a spokesman for the national disaster agency . The passengers on the bus were members of different churches in Jakarta who were returning from a retreat . The cool , mountainous area of Puncak is a popular holiday destination for Jakarta residents . Nugroho said there were indications that the driver lost control of the bus after its brakes stopped working . The bus then rammed into a parked truck and fell into the ravine , he said . The injured are being treated in hospitals in the area . The rugged area is prone to road accidents , and road safety is generally poor in most parts of Indonesia .	The crash took place Wednesday in Puncak , West Java , authorities say The bus was carrying members of churches from Jakarta They were returning from a retreat in the mountainous area There are indications the brakes stopped working , an official says
Editor 's note : Ali Velshi is CNN 's chief business correspondent and author of the new book "  Gim me My Money Back : Your Guide to Beating the Financial Crisis , " published by Sterling & Ross . Below is an excerpt from the book . Ali Velshi says you need to know yourself to know how much risk you want to take with your investments . Now it 's time to meet the star of this book : you . Everything you 've read is just a prelude to the main story : building the investment portfolio that 's going to take you where you want to go . What will it look like ? What will be in it ? It 's completely your call . And to help you make it , I 'm going to walk you through the steps you need to consider before you start to buy assets . We 've seen that there are smart ways to invest in any asset class . And we know that combining asset classes is the best way to ensure a steady return on your investments . Watch Ali explain why this is his favorite chapter " Further , we 've learned that even volatile assets do well over time  in fact , they perform best over time  . So the strategy you follow should be a function of your investment time horizon -- how many years you 'll be contributing to your portfolio before you start taking money out of it -- and your ability to tolerate volatility . After all , you 've got to be comfortable with the decisions you make . If you had money in the market in stocks in fall 2008 and you were able to sleep soundly every night , you probably have a good tolerance for volatility . If you woke up and paced the floor at 3 each morning , you might not . Click here to read the full excerpt	Ali Velshi 's new book lays out different investment options A lot of investing decisions are psychological , he says Velshi says volatile assets perform better than more stable assets over time
CNN  -- The Philippine House of Representatives and Senate were meeting Monday to debate the imposition of martial law in the country 's south by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in the aftermath of last month 's massacre of 57 civilians . As required by law , the president issued a report Sunday explaining her reasons for making the proclamation for the province of Maguindanao . "  Lawless elements have taken up arms and committed public uprising against the duly constituted government and against the people of Maguindanao , " Arroyo said in a 20-page letter to the leaders of the House and Senate . Martial law went into effect Friday night , allowing arrests without a warrant . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said it was necessary to impose peace following what has been called a politically motivated massacre . He added that Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . The House and Senate might jointly convene on Tuesday to discuss the president 's report , House Speaker Prospero Nograles said Sunday , according to the Philippine News Agency . The debate began as elite forces of the Philippine National Police clashed in the town of Datu Unsay with suspected followers of the politically powerful Ampatuan family , which has been implicated in the massacre , the Philippine News Agency reported Monday . Reports said the armed men offered stiff resistance on Sunday against government security forces in a 10-minute firefight , withdrawing after government reinforcements arrived . No casualties were reported on either side . Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested since martial law was implemented , Philippine Justice Secretary Agnes Devanadera said Saturday , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . At least six members of the Ampatuan family have been arrested , including Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. , according to ABS-CBN . Ampatuan , whose father is governor of Maguindanao , has been accused of directing the killings and has been charged with 25 counts of murder . One of the massacre victims implicated members of the Ampatuan family before she died , the affiliate reported . Over the weekend , authorities raided at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to the family . They confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindinao command , told CNN . The military was looking at arresting at least 100 people tied to the massacre , ABS-CBN reported . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case , a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the country . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	Arroyo outlines reasons for martial law declaration in 20-page letter Report : House , Senate might jointly convene Tuesday , House Speaker says At least six members of Ampatuan family arrested , ABS-CBN reports Authorities raid at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to family
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's government said Monday its forces had killed Tamil rebel chief Velupillai Prabhakaran as he attempted to flee , according to the country 's state-run news agency . The Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead . The Tamil rebel group , formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , is aware of the government 's report but has yet to confirm Prabhakaran 's death or the deaths of its other leaders , according to a posting on the pro-rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com . It said "  initial reports indicate a determined massacre by the Sri Lanka Army . " Prabhakaran was one of 19 senior LTTE leaders that the government has identified among the bodies found as its troops completed mop-up operations after routing the Tigers , the defense ministry said . The leaders include Prabhakaran 's eldest son , Charles Anthony , as well as Pottu Amman , LTTE 's intelligence leader , according to the ministry . Prabhakaran founded the rebel group , which has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries . It pioneered the use of women in suicide attacks and , according to the FBI , invented the explosive suicide belt . It was also behind the assassination of two world leaders -- the only terrorist organization to do so . Watch more on the possible end of fighting " Prabhakaran is accused of masterminding the killing of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 in the Tamil-dominated Indian state of Tami Nadu as he campaigned for a second term . Sri Lankan authorities allege that Prabhakaran was avenging Gandhi 's decision to send Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka . Two years later a Tigers suicide bomber , allegedly acting under Prabhakaran 's orders , detonated explosives that killed Sri Lanka 's then-president , Ranasinghe Premadasa , during a rally . Over the weekend , the militants offered to "  silence " their guns after an intense military offensive decimated their ranks , pushed them from their stronghold in the north and east of the country , and cornered the remaining rebels on a small stretch of land . If the rebels honor their pledge , it would potentially mark the end of the longest-running civil war in Asia . Prabhakaran 's supporters considered him a hero with a single-minded focus -- to fight for the rights of his people . The Sri Lankan government deemed him a war criminal with a disregard for civilian casualties . He was wanted by Interpol on charges including terrorism and organized crime . In the past it has been reported he wore a cyanide capsule around his neck -- to swallow and kill himself rather than risk capture . And he reportedly expected the same dedication from his troops . As a result , few Tigers have been captured alive . Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa is expected to announce that "  military operations " against the Tiger rebels have ended in an address to parliament and country on Tuesday . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " The rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . Journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	Sri Lankan government says Tamil chief Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead The offensive against the rebel group is in its last stages , the government says Rebels have fought for an independent state for minority Tamils since 1983
CNN  -- The United Nations has launched humanitarian plans worth $ 1.5 billion to help ease the suffering of millions of Syrians both inside and outside the country . More than 525,000 Syrians have already crossed into neighboring countries , the United Nations announced Wednesday , and it estimated that more than a million will flee in the next six months . The body believes that a quarter of Syria 's population needs food , shelter , medical attention , hygiene materials , clothes and other relief after enduring nearly two years of war . Read more : Syrian VP calls for ` historic settlement , ' national unity government The United Nations is also asking for more than $ 520 million in additional aid , anticipating that the situation will only get worse in 2013 . That amount , officials believe , will help contribute to aid for an estimated 4 million people inside Syria who urgently need help . The number of residents suffering has quadrupled from 1 million in March 2012 to 4 million in December , the United Nations reported Wednesday . Many have fled . Between 2,000 and 3,000 refugees are crossing into Turkey , Jordan , Lebanon and Iraq every day , according to the United Nations . Plans to help Syria have changed much over the past several months , which is "  indicative of the rapid developments on the ground and the dramatically deteriorating humanitarian situation in the country , " said Radhouane Nouicer , the regional humanitarian coordinator for Syria with the United Nations . "  The magnitude of this humanitarian crisis is indisputable . " Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis The aid announcement comes on the same day that one of the United Nations ' outreach groups told reporters that about 100,000 Palestinians have fled a large refugee camp in the Syrian capital of Damascus due to government airstrikes and fighting there . By daybreak Wednesday , 1,092 refugees from the Yarmouk camp had crossed into Lebanon through the Masnaa border crossing , seeking refuge with relatives in Palestinian camps in Bekaa , Sidon and Beirut . Yamouk camp spokesman Abu Mohammed , who supports the Free Syrian Army 's cause of unseating President Bashar al-Assad , told CNN that the Palestinian people at the camp are not fighting in the war . "  The camp was supposed to be a safe haven , " he said . "  This was created as a safe zone for refugees . No one can find anywhere else to go . " He said non-stop shelling on the Yarmouk camp has forced tens of thousands to flee , but Mohammed estimates 100,000 remain . "  You have 100,000 people trapped under mortar shelling surrounded by a large Syrian Army presence . This could be a true massacre , " he said . He called on the international community for help . But a Palestinian politician whose group is believed to support Assad said the Free Syrian Army and its affiliates are responsible for injecting the refugees into the conflict . "  The Yarmouk camp was safe business as usual until the last few weeks , when the FSA started shelling the camp from outside , " said Hussam Arafat , of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command . "  They were clashing and firing mortars on the Syrian army , which was based on the outskirts of the camp ... Then they managed to control the camp after a bloody battle with the Syrian army . " Life is dangerous even for the elite in Syria these days . Interior Minister Mohammed Shaar was admitted to the American University Hospital in Beirut on Wednesday for treatment for injuries sustained when his ministry building was bombed last week , the official Lebanese news agency NNA reported Wednesday . "  Minister Shaar is in a stable condition , sustaining burns and shrapnel and will not need surgery ... He needs observation and treatment , " one of the doctors who treated Shaar told NNA . Other Wednesday developments At least 161 people were killed across Syria Wednesday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a Syria-based opposition activist network . Of those deaths , 67 occurred in Damascus and its suburbs , and 50 occurred in Aleppo . At least 40 people were killed and dozens were wounded by a car bomb that exploded in Aleppo 's Marjeh neighborhood , the LCC said . The Damascus suburb of Deir Al-Asafir endured fierce shelling from rocket launchers , according to the LCC . The FSA downed a war plane in Hama , the LCC said In Homs , Assad 's forces raided university residences near Shamas village and arrested students , the LCC said . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Salma Abdelaziz in Atlanta , and Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 161 people killed across Syria Wednesday , according to rebel group United Nations : A quarter of Syria 's population needs food , water , shelter , medical care The U.N. is seeking more than $ 520 million in additional aid saying things are likely to worse Syria has been in the midst of war since March 2011 that pits rebels against al-Assad 's forces
CNN Student News  -- February 19 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Do advertisements on cars and drivers ' firesuits have an impact on viewers of auto racing events ? Explain . * * Daily Discussion Questions What is known about a meteor that exploded over Russia on Friday ? According to the report , how did this meteor compare to asteroid 2012 DA14 that scientists were tracking last week ? What might be the benefits and challenges of tracking objects in space ? * * According to the program , what is meant by the term "  sequester " when it comes to the U.S. government ? Why was the sequester put in place ? If a political deal ca n't be reached , when would the sequester go into effect ? What could be the potential impact ? Who might not be affected ? Do you think that President Obama and Congress will reach a deal by the deadline ? Why or why not ? * * What did racecar driver Danica Patrick accomplish this week ? How was this historic ? What did Patrick say about inspiring others ? What was your reaction to her comment ? Will Patrick 's accomplishment on the racetrack make you more likely to watch next Sunday 's race ? Explain . * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- It 's the $ 199 headband that will allow you to control things using your mind , the makers say . The Muse headband was unveiled this week at LeWeb and CNN caught up with founder of Interaxon Ariel Garten for a demonstration of the brainwave-sensing headband . Garten says Muse works using the same technology used in hospitals known as Electroencephalography  EEG  , which records electrical activity along the scalp . Muse is embedded with four sensors that allows you to see and track your brain 's activity , in the same way a heart rate monitor gives information about your physical activity . You can also use your mind to control games and applications supplied with the headband , Garten says . "  It interacts with content directly with your mind so you can play games that you are able to control with your mind , " says the Canadian neuroscientist and entrepreneur . Connecting to any device such as a smartphone , tablet or laptop via bluetooth , Muse can be worn on the go and includes a "  brain fitness suite " app that tracks the state of your brain or can help you de-stress . She adds : "  And as you play the games , you are working with and strengthening your mind . The most important thing is that it can help you improve your cognitive and emotional function , it shows you your brain activity and gives you targeted exercises to improve both cognitive and emotional functioning . " Muse will help with improving brain function , power and memory in the same way Sudoku and crosswords do presently , explains Garten . "  But they are doing that on an indirect level , we are moving it one scale up with Muse , " she says . LeBlog : Discover all the action from LeWeb on CNN Garten first talked about the concept of thought-controlled computer technology at LeWeb two years ago . Since then she has raised nearly double the $ 150,000 she sought on the Indiegogo crowd-funding website . "  Research labs have been using this tech for years , now its time to bring all this understanding and improvements to the consumer , taking it from the labs to your inbox , " she says . "  The most important part of ourselves is the mind and it has been rather inaccessible . This is a tool that helps unlock the mind in really exciting ways . People seem pretty excited , " she adds . "  There has n't been a person I 've spoken to who has n't wanted one . " I confess to being excited too as I slipped on the lightweight and sleek-looking headband which rests on the forehead and tucks behind the ears , like a pair of glasses . Muse was connected to a laptop and felt comfortable as I got ready to try out a special demo application called EmoType , a mood-based text editor that changes fonts depending on your brainwave activity . It felt strange watching my brain in real-time on the screen in front of me as Garten asked me to blink and showed me how the action impacted my brainwaves . More from LeWeb : Cyborg anthropologist : We can all be superhuman Then she asked me to type something . "  I miss my daughter , " I wrote and was surprised to see the font suddenly change to a more flowery style as I typed out daughter . Ariel explained that as I focused on what to type in the beginning , the text was clean and tight and as I became more open and relaxed the text appeared more flowery . When someone is smiling , the letters will suddenly appear very big , she explained . Undoubtedly , EmoType , though only a demo at present , has huge implications for new ways of communication in the real and virtual world in the future . Developers will be excited at the possibility of creating applications that could perhaps be used to convey information through avatars . Could it be the end of the exclamation mark ? Muse is available to buy on the Indiegogo website until December 7 for early adopters and after that , will be available again in June 2013 , when they start shipping . Are you excited about Muse ? Will you be buying it ? Let us know in the comments .	$ 200 Muse headband reads brainwaves and allows you to to play smartphone games with your mind At LeWeb 12 , creator Ariel Garten demonstrated the ability to add emotional content to emails CNN 's Stephanie Busari gets her mind read by the headband at LeWeb Headband launches in June 2013 -- but available now for limited period
CNN  Twice-convicted murderer Warren Lee Hill is set to be executed in Georgia on Tuesday night despite pleas from human rights groups and legal representatives who say his intellectual disability should make him ineligible for the death penalty . Hill has an IQ of approximately 70 and the "  emotional capacity of a young boy , " said his attorney , Brian Kammer . Federal law stemming from a 2002 Virginia case that went to the U.S. Supreme Court says executing intellectually disabled individuals violates the Eighth Amendment 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . But the case also allows states to define intellectual disability . In Georgia , that means attorneys for death row inmates have to prove mental impairment "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  This is the strictest standard in any jurisdiction in the nation , " Kammer said . Hill 's execution would come two weeks after the state executed Andrew Brannan , a Vietnam War veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder who killed Laurens County Deputy Kyle Dinkheller in 1998 . Kammer also was Brannan 's counsel . Kammer , who has represented Hill for 20 years , said in any other state , Hill would be serving a life sentence . Hill was sentenced to death in 1990 for killing fellow prison inmate Joseph Handspike , beating him to death with a nail-studded board . At the time , Hill had been serving a life sentence for the 1985 shooting death of his girlfriend Myra Wright . "  We acknowledge that Mr. Hill should be held accountable for his actions and behavior , " Torin Togut , president of the Arc of Georgia , said in a letter written on Hill 's behalf . "  However , it is our contention that Mr. Hill , who has an intellectual disability , should not be subject to capital punishment . " The Arc is a nonprofit organization that advocates for and serves people with intellectual and developmental disabilities . Hill also has the support of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities , the Georgia NAACP and former President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn Carter . The victim 's family and former jurors have also expressed support for mercy in Hill 's case , saying they were n't given the option of life without parole when sentencing him to death . Kammer said seven doctors agree that his client is intellectually disabled , including three doctors for the state who initially evaluated Hill and said he did n't meet Georgia 's standard . Kammer said those doctors have since signed an affidavit admitting they felt rushed during Hill 's examination and now believe he does meet the standard for "  intellectually disabled . " In previous clemency hearings , attorneys for the state have argued that Hill served in the Navy , held a job and managed his money before killing his girlfriend -- signs that he did n't necessarily meet the legal standard for intellectually disabled , even though he has a low IQ . But Kammer said examples of Hill achieving "  self-sufficiency " do n't make a strong case for his execution . Several of the letters supporting Hill 's clemency cite last year 's Supreme Court decision that struck down a Florida law that used "  unscientific standards for determining intellectual disability " for death row inmates . Attorneys tried to use the Hall v. Florida decision as grounds to spare the life of Georgia inmate Robert Wayne Holsey , who was sentenced to death for the murder of a local sheriff 's deputy . Holsey , who also had an IQ of 70 , was executed in December . Hill 's case was presented Monday before the Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles . A statement from the board said it "  will make a decision prior to the scheduled execution , " which is set for 7 p.m. Tuesday .	Warren Lee Hill was convicted of murdering a girlfriend and a fellow inmate Hill has IQ of "  approximately 70 , " his attorney says In Georgia , inmates must prove intellectual disability "  beyond a reasonable doubt "
CNN  -- Tiburcio Vasquez , a 19th century outlaw , is remembered in historical accounts as a notorious criminal who terrorized southern California . But one school district in California wants to remember him another way : as a hero to the Hispanic community who fought back against injustice . The Alisal Union School District set off a controversy last month when it announced that an elementary school in Salinas to be opened this year will be named after Vasquez . The move has led some local leaders , including the Salinas mayor , to criticize the controversial choice . "  We had a young man killed in Afghanistan who was from the Alisal area . He would have been a nice person to name the school after , " Mayor Joe Gunter said Wednesday . "  There 's a lot of good people we could name a school after , in my opinion . " According to a biography culled together by the University of Southern California , Vasquez was "  probably the most notorious bandit California ever saw . " Vasquez turned to a life of crime as a teenager and served time in San Quentin State Prison for stealing horses in the late 1850s , the biography states . He and his gang went into hiding in the canyons of Southern California after a "  string of infamous robberies and murders " in 1873 , the biography says . Vasquez eventually was captured , convicted of murder and hanged . His does n't sound like a life to be emulated , but there is another side to his life story , said Francisco Estrada , a retired school teacher and member of the naming committee in the Alisal school district . Vasquez was a standout student from a very distinguished family , Estrada said . They had extensive land that was snatched from them after California became part of the United States . "  The community does not see Tiburcio as a thief or a murderer , " Estrada said . "  We see him as a fighter for social justice of the Mexican-Californio whose rights have been deprived . " Estrada said he believes that Vasquez was falsely accused of murder . An account of Vasquez 's life , written in 1948 by the Historical Society of Southern California , also hints at a more noble side of the bandit . "  It was well known that Vasquez was not a killer , that he repeatedly warned his followers not to kill , and his reluctance to take life , even when his own was in grave danger , was without doubt responsible for the remarkably few killings during his 23 years as an outlaw , " the article said . The article continued : "  He hated the Americano with good reason and always in his mind was a thought , which had activated many of his race before him , that he could help get the Americans out and in some way regain California for Mexico . " Both narratives of his life , whatever his motivations were , remain controversial . Monterey County Superintendent Nancy Kotowski , who oversees the Alisal Union School District , said naming decisions fall solely to the local school board . Kotowski questioned the choice of name . "  This is an elementary school , pre-school to grade 6 . The appropriate procedure would be to first clarify the historical record before naming a school after a controversial figure , " she said . In a statement , the county Office of Education cited high rates of youth violence and murder in Salinas . Estrada called it "  ridiculous " to link the name of the new school to violence in the community . "  What the mainstream calls a murderer and a thief was actually an outstanding individual who was highly educated , cultured and embraced the fine arts , " he said . The school , which is scheduled to open in the fall , would not be the first institution to be named after Vasquez . A clinic in Alameda County that provides care for the uninsured is called the Tiburcio Vasquez Health Center .	A new school in California is being named after a famous bandit Tiburcio Vasquez is said to have been a notorious criminal Supporters of the name say he stood up for marginalized Hispanics
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Michele Trobaugh regrets the day she heard a radio advertisement for Dr. Jan Adams . Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Jan Adams operated on the mother of rapper Kanye West the day before she died . Eager to fix breasts that were n't the same size and a rash that occurred where her breasts rubbed against her stomach , Trobaugh , then 28 , went to see Adams in his office in Huntington Beach , California . She says she trusted him right away . "  I fell for his charm . I fell for his confidence , " she says . But her surgery turned out to be a "  nightmare , " she says . Trobaugh says that in March 2006 , Adams gave her a breast augmentation , tummy tuck and liposuction -- all at one time . "  The next day I woke up fighting for every breath . It was like an elephant was sitting on my chest , " she says . "  And when I got up to go the restroom I noticed the girdle I was wearing was soaked with fluid and blood . For days I was soaking through blankets and towels . " Trobaugh says she had three infections . She had a second surgery a few weeks later to remove fluid from her hips . Questions surrounding the death of another of Adams ' patients , Donda West , mother of rapper Kanye West , have reignited Trobaugh 's pain , she says . She has not sued Adams but says she may in the future . Asked to respond to Trobaugh 's comments , Adams issued a statement through his publicist , Kevin Williams . "  I believe very strongly in the fundamental American principle of the right of the individual to defend himself , " the statement said . "  Recently inaccurate and , frankly , false statements have ciruculated that require clarification . Unfortunately , it has become impossible to separate thsese statements from other professional issues . I will await my turn . " Today , Trobaugh has advice on how others can avoid becoming plastic surgery victims , and so do board-certified plastic surgeons . Make sure the surgeon is board-certified This one , say experts , is a no-brainer . For plastic surgery , you want a doctor who 's certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery . It 's simple : The American Board of Medical Specialties ' Web site will tell you if a doctor is board-certified in plastic surgery . Why is it so important to have a board-certified surgeon ? Because legally any doctor is permitted to do any procedure -- a psychiatrist could do a breast augmentation . If you use a board-certified plastic surgeon , you know he or she has completed three to five years of training in general surgery and a minimum of two to three years of training in plastic surgery , plus they have to take written and oral tests , according to Dr. Jim Stuzin , chairman-elect of the American Board of Plastic Surgery and assistant clinical professor at the University of Miami . Board-certified plastic surgeons also have to do continuing medical education and take a written test every 10 years . Check the surgeon 's record Trobaugh says she never would have gone to Adams if she 'd known he had two malpractice judgments against him . She could have found that out easily by going to the Medical Board of California 's Web site . Links to the Web sites of every state 's medical board can be found here . Many state licensing boards , like California 's , list malpractice judgments , plus any disciplinary actions by the board .  Since Trobaugh 's surgery , Adams has had a third malpractice judgment against him , plus an accusation filed with the board  . Ask if the surgeon has hospital privileges Even if you 're having a plastic surgery procedure at an outpatient clinic , it 's worth asking where the doctor has hospital privileges , because hospitals do background checks , says Dr. Rod Rohrich , past president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . "  If they do n't have hospital privileges , that 's a huge red flag , " he says . Come armed with questions for the doctor One crucial question for your potential surgeon is how often he or she does the procedure you 're interested in . "  If I 'm coming to you for a facelift , you 'd better do it almost weekly , " says Rohrich , who 's also chairman of the department of plastic surgery at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center . The Arizona Medical Board 's Web site has a list of questions you can print out and bring with you to the doctor 's office . For example , the medical board suggests asking whether the physician will be performing the procedure in its entirety . Be wary of multiple procedures Trobaugh says when she went to Adams , he suggested three procedures . "  When you bundle procedures , the risk goes up , " says Stuzin , the plastic surgeon in Miami . The more procedures you have , the more money the doctor makes . Dr. Grant Carlson , a plastic surgeon at Emory University School of Medicine , says an unethical surgeon might suggest a neck lift when someone has come in looking for just for a nose job . "  Unfortunately , money is a motivation in some people . " Perhaps the most valuable advice , Trobaugh says , is to be swayed only by objective information about the surgeon , and not by how the doctor makes you feel . " -LSB- Adams -RSB- truly sounded like he was going to help me . He seemed like he would be truly concerned about me , " she says . But Trobaugh says that when things did n't go well after her surgery , she was taken aback by Adams ' response . "  I told him , ' I ca n't put my right arm down -- there 's a huge lump under my arm . ' I was crying , " she says . She says he told her to take her medicine and rest and give herself time to heal . More than a year and a half after her surgery , Trobaugh says her stomach is "  concave , " she has shooting pains in her breasts , and her "  nipples are uneven and in the wrong place . " Trobaugh says she wishes she had taken a friend or relative with her to her pre-surgical appointments with Adams . "  An aunt or my mother or some other strong female in my life might have picked up on things I did n't pick up on , or thought of questions I did n't think of , " she says . "  And there are no stupid questions when you 're about to alter yourself in some major way . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Jennifer Pifer and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Choose a doctor who 's certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery Check with your state 's medical licensing board for lawsuits , complaints Be wary of having multiple procedures performed all at once
CNN  -- Liverpool want to avoid playing on the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and UEFA president Michel Platini says he will "  do his utmost " to make it a reality . Liverpool fans had to be treated on the pitch as the tragedy unfolded at Hillsborough in 1989 . The anniversary falls on April 15 , one of two dates set aside for the second leg of this season 's Champions League quarterfinal ties , the other being the previous day . European governing body UEFA issued a statement from Platini , rejecting reports that they had snubbed the appeal by Liverpool . "  We are aware of the huge significance of the April 15 date for both Liverpool FC and their fans , and that is why we will do our utmost to make sure that the club does not have to play its UEFA Champions League second leg quarterfinal match on that day , " Platini said . "  This being the 20th anniversary of that tragic disaster in 1989 makes it even more relevant and we will take this into account . " Ninety six people died when Liverpool supporters were crushed at the Leppings Lane end of Hillsborough on April 15 , 1989 , before the start of their team 's FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest . A cousin of Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard was among the dead , and the England midfielder has urged UEFA to be sympathetic to the club . Gerrard told Press Association at the weekend : "  We 're still waiting to see whether UEFA will make us play on the day . That would be far from ideal given all the emotion that always surrounds the club on that day . " Liverpool have never played a game on the anniversary of the tragedy . The Champions League quarterfinal draw takes place on Friday with four English clubs in the draw and no seedings in place . Liverpool reached the quarterfinals with a superb 4-0 home win over Real Madrid last week and followed it up with a 4-1 thumping of Manchester United to revive their Premier League title hopes .	Liverpool anxious to avoid playing on 20th anniversary of Hillsborough tragedy April 15 is one of the two dates nominated for Champions League quarterfinals UEFA president Michel Platini personally intervenes to ensure date stays free
Health.com  -- Lana , a 38 year-old publicist in Los Angeles , California , was diagnosed with genital herpes in 1997 . Since then , she has "  kind of been hiding " from the dating scene . Let 's face it : How do you drop that bomb on a potential love interest ? And when ? She considered a number of online dating venues , but she says Match.com asked too many questions on its enrollment form , eHarmony was too "  religious , " and MySpace was too much of a "  hookup zone . " "  I wanted to meet men with my same diagnosis so we would n't -LSB- need to -RSB- have ` the talk , ' or fear of rejection and transmitting , " she says . "  Most of us with this do n't wish to spread it . " Despite -- or perhaps because of -- the economic downturn , the billion-dollar online dating industry has been booming . But not everyone has felt welcome at the party . While sites like Match.com and eHarmony do n't discriminate , they also do n't cater to people like Lana who are coping with sexually transmitted diseases , disabilities , or mental health conditions . All of these can make dating -- often an ego-shattering minefield for those in perfect health -- even trickier . "  On bigger dating sites the competition is tremendous , " says Jim Houran , PhD , a clinical psychologist and columnist for Online Dating Magazine . "  And let 's face it , depending on what -LSB- the illness -RSB- is , it could very well make you uncompetitive in the larger dating pool . " Health.com : 28 days to a healthier relationship Fortunately , there are a number of alternatives . A new breed of dating sites has emerged to play cupid for people with chronic diseases and disabilities . Over the past five years , several sites -- such as Prescription4love.com , Nolongerlonely.com , and Cisforcupid.com -- have launched to serve the needs of people with conditions ranging from bipolar disorder to Crohn 's disease . Together these sites now boast tens of thousands of members . In addition to providing their users with a more hospitable environment , these websites defuse the tension over how and when to disclose an illness , which is often an issue for people with diseases and disabilities who venture onto mainstream dating sites . When health problems equal heartache After some "  horrible " results on other dating websites , Lana joined Prescription 4 Love and the STD-specific site Positivesingles.com . Both sites require members to disclose their illnesses upfront , clearing the air for what might be a deal-breaking revelation later . Within her first week on Positive Singles , she went on three dates and has since gone on seven more , which fostered one romantic relationship and a friendship over the past two years . She 's even rejected a couple dozen guys . Health.com : How to tell your partner a health secret "  I do n't think I would have been able to have 10 dates without the site , " says Lana . "  It 's easier to get rejected via email , and you can take baby steps online without hunting outside . " Though Prescription 4 Love did n't yield any dates for Lana , this fast-growing online community offers an alternative to mainstream dating sites for thousands of singles . Now three years old , the site currently has 8,000 members who represent nearly 40 health conditions ranging from genital herpes  2,425 members  to Tourette 's syndrome  32 members  . Ricky Durham founded Prescription 4 Love in 2006 , inspired by his late brother Keith , who lived with Crohn 's disease for 15 years before passing away in 2004 . "  He was a good-looking boy , and he could find dates , but when do you tell someone you have a colostomy bag ? The night you go out ? Two weeks after you go out ? " Durham asks . "  He was having a hard time with that , so I thought if he could find someone who had the same disease , or someone with a colostomy bag , he would n't really have to discuss that . " Since launching the site , Durham , 48 , who previously dabbled in the stock market and worked as a bartender , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes . Though he does n't find it appropriate to be a member of a community he founded , he says he can empathize with his members . "  It 's nice to find someone who 's going through what you 're going through , " he says . Love for less Niche sites are also a lot less expensive . Prescription 4 Love , which started charging in May 2009 , is $ 9.95 per month , while most of the features on No Longer Lonely  including the dating service and chat rooms  are still free . Access to the site 's full features is available for $ 24 per year . That 's substantially cheaper than sites like Match.com and eHarmony , which can cost upwards of $ 35 per month . "  To me , that 's pressure right there , " says Robert Watson , the executive director of the nonprofit dating service DateAble.org , which caters primarily to those with physical and mild psychiatric handicaps . "  If it 's the 30th day of the month , you 're thinking , ` I 've got one more day to find someone or it 's another $ 35 . ' " DateAble , which was founded in 1987 by a Washington , D.C. , doctor who wanted to give her patients a way to combat the isolation that accompanied their physical disabilities , charges a $ 125 initiation fee for the first year and $ 25 every year thereafter . For that fee , members get a more personalized experience , as DateAble is more akin to an old-school matchmaking service . The organization has been responsible for almost 1,000 marriages , according to Watson . As one of its first members , he should know : He met his wife , Lynn , at a DateAble Valentine 's Day party in 1988 . "  I did n't want to try it , " says Watson , who has moderate cerebral palsy and was working as a national project director for the United Cerebral Palsy Association at the time . "  But I probably knew everybody in my community and nobody I knew wanted to date me or vice versa . Lynn lived 60 miles away , but we made it work . " By pushing a "  friends first " concept , which has been emulated in the communal blog and forum features of Prescription 4 Love , No Longer Lonely , and other illness-specific sites , DateAble members can get up to speed on the dating world in a familiar environment without the prying eyes of the Web . "  People with disabilities , especially developmental disabilities , are typically behind the eight ball because they have n't had the practice of dating in college or their young adult life , " says Watson . "  Many of them never had the puppy love , been broken up with , experienced the fights , or the good stuff . " To make up for this lost time , his best bit of advice is to be totally honest . Even in our post-Americans With Disabilities Act society , notes Watson , failing to mention that you 're confined to a wheelchair or dealing with another type of handicap might bring a first date to an abrupt end after a courtesy "  I 'm sorry " drink . The stigma of mental illness People with physical disabilities are n't the only ones who face stigma while dating . People with mental health problems , from chronic depression to schizophrenia , have also benefited from specialized sites . Jim Leftwich , 39 , a college librarian from White Plains , New York , has lived with schizoaffective disorder , a condition that combines features of schizophrenia and mood disorders  such as depression  , since 1992 . In 2004 , after years of brushing up against the harsh realities of the dating scene , Leftwich founded No Longer Lonely , a dating site that caters to the mentally ill . "  I thought to myself , ` There should be something like this out there , ' and I was surprised to find there was n't , " says Leftwich . "  If you 're mentally ill , it 's kind of a hostile world out there . I thought by taking down that whole bugaboo of having an illness , making it all open with everyone knowing , it would facilitate things . People would be more trusting and relationships might be more successful . " No Longer Lonely now has 16,000 members and a brand new interface  similar to those of social-networking sites  that allows users to upload poems , art , videos , and blogs . The site has been responsible for more than 20 marriages . "  I find with my clientele , they 're more willing to get to know someone remotely and they 're more open , " he says . "  They do n't have the same kind of prejudices that people in general tend to have . " Even though most mental illnesses can be controlled with medication , therapy , or a combination of the two , some people still view conditions such as bipolar disorder as a mark of weakness or instability . "  Even in today 's enlightened society , where acceptance and diversity are hailed as the right thing to do ... mentally ill people tend to be outcasts . It 's terrible , " says Houran , who is also a former instructor of clinical psychiatry at the Southern Illinois School of Medicine . "  The minute someone knows you have a certain mental disorder , they assume it means that you 're not capable of love , or that you 're dangerous or unstable . Those are myths . Given the right care , people with mental illnesses and other medical conditions can lead very normal , functioning lives . " Some mental illnesses -- certain mood or personality disorders , for instance -- could cause problems in fledgling relationships , Houran acknowledges . And especially if the relationship progresses to thoughts of marriage and kids , two partners who each have bipolar disorder , for example , could find themselves debating whether it 's safe or wise to have children . However , says Houran , in most cases these considerations are n't enough to forestall a relationship . "  Even under the best of circumstances , people still have major relationship challenges , " he says . For Houran , this outgrowth of illness-specific dating sites and services is a boon . "  Niche sites are growing in popularity because they allow people with these very specific needs or interests to connect in a way that 's not possible on the big dating sites , " he says . "  The big dating sites are akin to Wal-Mart . You have a lot of quantity , but that does n't mean you 're going to find people with a lot quality in the way you define it . That being said , niche sites by their very construction tend to be very small . So I always advocate -LSB- that -RSB- people use both . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Billion-dollar online dating industry has been booming despite recession Sites include Prescription 4 Love and STD-specific site Positivesingles.com People with mental health problems also benefited from specialized sites
CNN  -- An exhausted but elated Serena Williams was left celebrating her 11th title of the season to round off 2013 by claiming the WTA Championships in Istanbul Sunday . The World No. 1 dug deep from a set down and three all in the second against China 's Li Na to reel off nine straight games to clinch the prestigious title , 2-6 6-3 6-0 . "  I ca n't believe I won . I was so tired . Honestly , did I really win ? Because she played so well , " Williams said in her post match interview . "  I 'm just overjoyed , to be honest , " Williams added . "  It 's really awesome . It 's such a special moment . To finish the year No. 1 in the world and win this title after 40 years of the WTA , it means even more . " Williams had to grind out a three set semifinal win over Jelena Jankovic Saturday and fell a set down to her fourth seeded Chinese opponent in the final as the tiredness set in . Williams pulled 3-0 ahead in the second set , only for Li to win three straight games to level . A lesser player might have crumbled , but the 17-time grand slam champion took her game to another level and finished it off with her 30th winner of the match . Victory took her prize money for the season to a record $ 12,385 , 572 and at 32 years and one month she is the oldest winner at the end of season championship . It was her 78th WTA career title and she shows no sign of letting up in her pursuit of records with the first grand slam of the 2014 season in Australia next January firmly in her sights Li has also finished the season strongly , the first Chinese player to make the WTA Championships final . She is set to move to her hightest ranking of World No. 3 in the new list and showed enough in the opening set and a half to give her hope of further grand slam success to add to her 2011 French Open triumph .	Serena Williams wins 2013 WTA Championships Fights off strong challenge from China 's Li Na Top seed Williams wins 2-6 6-3 6-0 78th career title for American superstar
EW.com  -- Distracted by the easy money of Halloween slasher films , Hollywood has long ignored the more fun-spirited side of the modern , billion-dollar Carnivalesque holiday . But it 's the perfect setting for the brand of teen comedies that made John Hughes and Chris Columbus famous . That 's clearly the idea behind "  Fun Size , " which tells the story of a smart and responsible high-school senior  Nickelodeon 's Victoria Justice  whose All Hallow 's Eve turns into a disastrous adventure in babysitting . She wants to go to the cool dress-up party â $ " her idea of a great costume is Ruth Bader Ginsberg â $ " with her shallow bff  Jane Levy  . But when her pathetic widowed mother  Chelsea Handler  pawns her devilish little brother on her so she can party like a teenager herself , chaos and coincidences ensue . She loses the kid at a neighborhood haunted house and has to track him down him before mom gets home . You 'd hope that "  Gossip Girl " creator Josh Schwartz , directing for the first time , would have a better feel for such matter , but "  Fun Size " blatantly and lazily traces mediocre versions of the genre .  Who wants to be a poor poor-man 's version of "  Ca n't Hardly Wait " ?  There is no attempt to reinvent , and what might have been a half-decent homage is undermined by numbing comic failure . ` Vampire Diaries ' : Like Elena as a vamp ? At least Levy delivers her lines with some snap , and even though she could play the snarky best friend in her sleep , she still has fun with it , which is greatly appreciated . Handler , on the other hand , looks literally pained , and fans of the talented comedian will wonder why she 's already taking thankless mom roles after films like Bridesmaids proved a market for brassy female-driven comedies . Axl Rose brings gifts to ` Kimmel ' crowd This movie has no courage and little brains , and is salvaged , if at all , only by its heart . There remains a huge market for a great Halloween teen comedy , but "  Fun Size " is the disappointing apple that your crazy-haired neighbor gives you instead of candy . Feel free to dump this one in the bushes . D + See the original article at EW.com .	"  Fun Size " is about a high school senior whose Halloween turns into an adventure in babysitting "  Fun Size " blatantly and lazily traces mediocre versions of the genre Levy delivers her lines with some snap ; she could play the snarky best friend in her sleep
CNN  -- The Army-Navy game this Saturday marks the 120th anniversary of the great football rivalry . Their first game , played on a gridiron laid out on southeast corner of the West Point Parade Ground , was so sparsely attended that spectators could move up and down the field as the line of scrimmage shifted . We have come a long way from that first encounter , but as Army and Navy get ready to play again , the legacy of that 1890 game is worth recalling . In 1890 Army had only one player with any real football experience -- Dennis Michie , in whose honor today 's West Point 's football stadium is named . As a result Army was trounced 24-0 by a Navy team that had been playing football since 1886 . The next year Army hired a part-time coach , played a series of early-season games , and with Michie  who would die tragically in the Spanish-American War  once again leading the way , Army avenged its earlier loss by a 32-16 score . Both teams could now claim bragging rights . Their competition had gotten off to the perfect start . Five years before the advent of the modern Olympics , the two service academies had turned their new athletic rivalry into front-page news . The Army-Navy game , as those reporting it noted , quickly became as much about character as physical skill . "  Pluck was the most conspicuous feature of the game of football at West Point on Saturday between the cadets of the Naval and Military Academies , " an 1890 account observed . "  Where bravery was so common and so notable it would be unfair and unjust to cite one man as braver than another . " The public 's response to that first encounter worked to the advantage of both schools , and they went out of their way to make sure their rivalry remained consistent with the military values they sought to display on the gridiron . When in the wake of the 1893 game , which drew a crowd of 8,000 , animosities between the two academies reached such a fever pitch that a retired rear admiral and a brigadier general came close to fighting a duel , the game was canceled for six years by order of the secretary of war and secretary of the Navy . The lessons the cancellation taught were absorbed by both sides , and when the game resumed in 1899 on a neutral site , Franklin Field in Philadelphia , before 27,000 people , everything went so smoothly that Army and Navy officials decided that the game must be played annually . Making sure their football rivalry did not deteriorate into petty squabbles paid further dividends two years later when President Theodore Roosevelt and 30,000 fans attended the 1901 Army-Navy game . The president became so excited about the play , which featured a 105-yard kickoff return by Army 's star quarterback , that at one point he left his seat and moved to the sidelines to get closer to the action . But Roosevelt was careful , despite having served as assistant secretary of the Navy , to maintain public neutrality . At halftime he inaugurated the presidential tradition of moving from one team 's side of the stadium to the other 's . Since TR 's time , the Army-Navy football game has always had a life of its own . In his memoir , "  You Have to Pay the Price , " legendary Army coach Earl "  Red ' Blaik wrote , "  The primary objective of Army football must be victory over Navy . It can not be achieved by anything less than complete dedication . " For Navy 's coaches victory over Army has the same priority . Coaches at both schools know that success in the Army-Navy game is crucial to keeping their jobs . How far this pressure to win goes is epitomized by the story former Army coach Paul Dietzel tells in his autobiography , "  Call Me Coach , " of a dinner party at the home of Gen. William Westmoreland , later commander of American troops in Vietnam , who while superintendent of West Point hired Dietzel in 1962 to revive Army 's football fortunes . "  There 's one thing you 'll need to understand right from the beginning , " the general 's wife , Kitsy , told Dietzel . Then , turning around , she flipped up her skirt to reveal a pair of blank panties with "  BEAT NAVY ! " printed on them in bright gold letters . In 1944 , when Army , led by its All-American running backs "  Doc " Blanchard and Glenn Davis , was ranked No. 1 in the nation and Navy , with a line superior to Army 's , was ranked No. 2 , they played an epic game , won by Army , that helped sell more than $ 58 million in war bonds . At the game 's conclusion , sports ' columnist Allison Danzig wrote , "  The country can now return to the normalcy of fighting the most terrible war ever inflicted upon mankind . The Army-Navy game has passed into history . " But an even more revealing comment on the place the Army-Navy football game had come to occupy in World War II America was summed up by a telegram that General Douglas MacArthur , then leading American forces in the Pacific , sent to Army 's coach in 1944 . "  THE GREATEST OF ALL ARMY TEAMS , " MacArthur wired . "  WE HAVE STOPPED THE WAR TO CELEBRATE YOUR MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS . " MacArthur 's hyperbole was deliberate , but there was nothing exaggerated about his belief that the Army-Navy game should serve as an antidote to dark times . When the Army-Navy game of 1963 was canceled as a result of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy , it was played a week later at the request of the Kennedy family , and the coin that President Kennedy would have flipped to decide which team received the opening kickoff was sent as a gift by Secretary of the Army Cyrus Vance to Navy 's winning football captain Tom Lynch . The following year , with the Vietnam War in its early stages , retired President Dwight Eisenhower , then living in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , put his own stamp on the Army-Navy game . Ike , a 1915 West Point graduate , had desperately wanted to be a football star , and in 1912 he was heralded as one of the best running backs in the East . A knee injury ended his football career and kept him out of the 1912 Army-Navy game , but over the years , Ike maintained his interest in Army football . When he was asked by a cadet interviewing him for West Point 's student-run Pointer magazine to send the 1964 Army team a telegram on the eve of the game , he happily complied . The telegram was designed to rally Army 's players , who had lost five straight games to Navy , then led by All-American quarterback and future Dallas Cowboys star Roger Staubach . But what emerged from Ike 's telegram was much more than a call for victory . For Ike , the essence of the Army-Navy game was the pressure it put on everyone who participated in it to hold nothing back . "  You will always have what you give today . The more you give the more you will keep ! " Ike wrote in a message that is as relevant today as it was in 1964 . Army-Navy football remains a stellar attraction but it has suffered from the increased competition for fans ' attention at the pro and college ranks . That does n't , however , take away from what the game stands for . This year 's game , like those of the past , marks the last time most of both teams ' seniors will ever step on a football field . As they have known ever since they arrived at West Point and Annapolis , what awaits them is not a tryout in the National Football League or a lucrative job in business , but active service , which these days amounts to a five-year commitment . In no other athletic rivalry is the price of participation higher . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	The Army-Navy game on Saturday marks the 120th anniversary of the football rivalry Nicolaus Mills : Both academies made sure the rivalry was consistent with military values The game has become tradition for Americans and an antidote to dark times , Mills writes Mills : Army-Navy players do n't go directly to NFL or a lucrative job , but to active service
San Diego , California  CNN  -- It was a Republican , Richard Nixon , who laid out the blueprint for getting elected president : In the primary , you court the extremes to please the party 's base ; in the general election , you race to the center to get as many votes as possible . But nowadays , candidates in both parties tend to follow it . Many voters have probably become used to the idea that candidates go through this moderate makeover . This year , however , there is a twist . Only one of the major candidates is in the center , and it 's not the Republican . The candidate on the right is staying put , well , on the right . When Mitt Romney spoke Wednesday to the annual conference of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee did not sugarcoat his opposition to President Obama 's policies , especially the president 's health-care overhaul , which Romney promised to eliminate along with "  every non-essential , expensive program " he could find . That pledge was met with a loud chorus of boos that lasted more than 10 seconds . Still , Romney did n't back down . He deserves credit for addressing a group that is so heavily invested in Obama , and even more credit for not turning himself inside out to be liked . He also maintained his composure a few weeks ago when he addressed the annual conference of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials . Romney did n't apologize for taking a hard-line against illegal immigration during the Republican primary to the point of portraying illegal immigrants as takers who hurt the economy and drain social services . Nor did he say he was wrong for opposing the DREAM Act , which would have given legal status to undocumented immigrants who go to college or join the military . In my opinion , Romney should have said those things . He has a lot for which to apologize . But he did n't . After the NAACP speech , one Romney adviser privately told a reporter for the New York Times that Romney has presented basically the same agenda to every audience throughout the campaign , and he commended the candidate for not backing away from positions that the audience was likely to find unpopular , like repealing Obamacare . Political observers can argue over why they think this is happening . Maybe Romney only knows how to give one generic speech . Maybe he 's not comfortable pandering to special interest groups , especially those with an ethnic or racial agenda . From other things I 've read , I think that Romney and his campaign advisers are terrified of him being labeled a "  flip-flopper " and that this dissuades them from making any sharp turns or dramatic course corrections . More than anything , they want to do something that Romney has had trouble doing in the past : appear steady and consistent . Meanwhile , President Obama has had liberal supporters scratch their heads as he claimed for his own a series of conservative positions that they oppose . This is not simply an election year gimmick . It has been going on for sometime . In fact , if you ignore what Obama says and focus only on what he does , you 'll see that Obama has actually spent most of his presidency in the center , even , on some issues , following the example of his predecessor . While neither liberals nor conservatives are eager to admit it , they can no longer deny it : Americans are living through George W. Bush 's third term . Obama loves to criticize the 43rd president , almost as much as he loves to emulate him . In the war on terror , aspects of foreign policy , education reform , immigration , corporate bailouts and a host of other issues with the exception of health care reform , Obama has taken up the sorts of positions that conservatives usually champion . And the left has noticed , which is why the president now and then gets blowback from parts of the same liberal coalition that helped elect him . They must wonder what happened to the person they helped put in office , and many of these disillusioned liberals now talk about voting for Obama as the "  lesser of two evils . " The president 's decision this week to extend the Bush tax cuts for incomes under $ 250,000 is just the latest example of the president taking his cues from the former president that liberals love to hate . True , Obama is campaigning against the part of the Bush tax cuts that applied to income above $ 250,000 . We 'll soon know which of these strategies proves more successful in garnering votes : moving to the center , or staying the course . There are advantages and liabilities to each . Of course , what would really be nice and refreshing , is , if just once , someone running for president on a major party ticket took positions not to manipulate the outcome of an election but because he believed they were the correct positions to take . Maybe Obama and Romney are doing that . Maybe what we 're hearing is what they really believe . It 's hard to tell . And even harder to believe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Navarrette : Presidential candidates typically move to the center after primaries He says this year , Romney is staying on the right , and Obama continues to take centrist stands He says president has governed as if this was the third term of George W. Bush
CNN  -- Which came first , the troubles or the fame ? After the suicide of a former contestant on Gordon Ramsay 's "  Kitchen Nightmares , " the spotlight shined bright on the issues of reality TV stars . New Jersey restaurant owner Joseph Cerniglia plunged into New York 's Hudson River in September 2010 , and the New York City medical examiner ruled the death a suicide . Cerniglia had appeared on the first season of the Fox reality show hosted by famed chef Ramsay . At the time the episode was taped in 2007 , Cerniglia was facing financial issues stemming from his then-struggling restaurant . Ramsay offered advice on how to turn his business around , telling the chef , "  Your business is about to f**king swim down the Hudson . " Ramsay released a statement following Cerniglia 's death . "  I was fortunate to spend time with Joe during the first season of ` Kitchen Nightmares , ' " Ramsay said . "  Joe was a brilliant chef , and our thoughts go out to his family , friends and staff . " Cerniglia 's death once again raised the specter of suicide in connection with reality television . "  I absolutely do n't feel that everyone who appears on a reality show is a damaged person , " said Sharon Waxman , founder of entertainment site The Wrap , which in 2009 examined the suicides of 11 people connected to reality shows . "  I 'm just saying that there 's probably a higher percentage than in the normal population who are attracted to that and who might have some vulnerabilities that will be exploited by being on television . " There have been several cases , including Najai Turpin , a boxer who killed himself in 2005 after participating in the reality show "  The Contender , " hosted by Sylvester Stallone and Sugar Ray Leonard . In 2008 , a one-time "  American Idol " auditioner , Paula Goodspeed , was found dead of an overdose near the home of one of the show 's judges , Paula Abdul . Abdul later said that Goodspeed had been obsessed with her for several years and that she had begged producers not to allow Goodspeed to audition . The Fox network declined to comment on Goodspeed 's death , but former "  Idol " producer Nigel Lythgoe told People magazine he had no recollection of Abdul requesting that Goodspeed not be allowed on the show . Rachel Brown , a 2006 contestant on "  Hell 's Kitchen , " which is also hosted by Ramsay , was found dead of a gunshot wound in her Dallas home in 2007 . A representative of the Tarrant County medical examiner 's office confirmed to CNN that Brown 's death was ruled a suicide . Princess Banton-Lofters is a development producer who has worked on casting several reality shows , including "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta . " She said she has seen the process morph over the years . "  I know that when I am casting , I am looking for that person who is going to shine , " Banton-Lofters said . "  That could be shining in personality , shining in lifestyle or shining in just their story . But I think it 's definitely changed in that  casting professionals  are probably now looking for a little bit more of the crazy . " But with so many people these days pursing the limelight via reality shows , is the number of troubled contestants just an expected statistic ? Celebrity and fame expert Cooper Lawrence said that may be , though she pointed to a 2006 study authored by Dr. Drew Pinsky  host of HLN 's Dr. Drew On Call " and former VH1 reality shows "  Celebrity Rehab " and "  Sober House "  and S. Mark Young as evidence that reality television attracts a specific type of personality . In the study , published in the Journal of Research in Personality , celebrities including television stars , comedians , musicians and reality stars were given the Narcissistic Personality Inventory . "  The numbers for the reality stars were off the charts , " Lawrence said . "  It makes sense , because you are not an actor playing a role , you 're not a musician hiding behind a guitar , you 're you . The level of narcissism for reality stars is documented and goes well beyond the normal population . " And while narcissism is n't an indicator for suicide , Cooper said it can be an indicator of a troubled person who lacks the stability to deal with the dark side of notoriety . "  Reality television has provided an outlet for narcissistic individuals , many with limited abilities , to believe that they can succeed in the entertainment industry , " the study said . "  This desire to enter the industry may be fueled by the types of fantasy feelings of success , power and glory that narcissists seem to exhibit . " Dr. Paula Clayton , who in 2010 was medical director for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention , said that there is no data that definitively link reality television with an increased probability of suicide but that a mental disorder like narcissism could make a person more prone to taking his own life . "  Ninety percent of people who kill themselves have a mental disorder when they kill themselves , the most common one being depression , " she said . "  There are all of these background factors that are the most important , and these reality shows and whatever happens might be the final straw . " The Wrap 's Waxman said their series on reality show suicides sought to examine whether the sometimes brutal nature of appearing on reality shows with all that entails , including public scrutiny , was a cause or whether such shows simply attract troubled individuals . Waxman said the debate rages on . "  I think the experts will tell you that both are factors , " she said . "  To some degree , there are people who are needy in some way who are looking for fame for some particular reason to fill some need that they have which makes them particularly vulnerable . " "  But also the experience of being on television exposed in that way and often seeing themselves on television being ` Franken-edited ' or what they call ` Franken-bytes , ' where they edit a sequence together just to heighten the drama of every scene , is sometimes really mortifying for people , and they 're really not prepared for that . " Blogger Kath Skerry , who runs GiveMeMyRemote.com , said she worries that those who are focused on the fame that reality TV brings may not be mentally or emotionally prepared for the downside . "  If you fail on reality TV , you 're failing in a very big way , " she said . "  In a way that is seen by millions and millions of people , and to have that level of vulnerability exposed can raise the dramatic stakes of your situation . " For help please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline or call 1-800-273-8255 and they will put you in touch with someone in your area .	The suicide of "  MasterChef " runner-up is the latest involving reality TV In September 2010 , a former contestant on "  Kitchen Nightmares " killed himself Blogger says she worries reality show contestants are n't prepared for downside of fame Expert says many factors cause suicide , and show appearance could be "  final straw "
CNN  -- Forty days alone in the wilderness was enough for Jesus , but Lance Armstrong is facing an altogether longer period of solitude . The disgraced former cycling icon was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles 44 days ago , on October 22 , and has spent most of the intervening period in his hometown of Austin , Texas . While he contemplates his next move , there have been beneficiaries of his newfound infamy , notably Mellow Johnny 's bike store . Call it the power of celebrity or call it voyeurism , but thanks to Armstrong 's notoriety , the Austin store co-owned by the disgraced cyclist , with its name inspired by the Texan 's nickname on the Tour -- Mellow Johnny 's , an Americanized version of the French for the leader 's yellow jersey , maillot jaune -- is doing just fine . Giant photographs of Armstrong crossing the line , arms aloft , loom over racks of bikes ; a set of framed , signed yellow jerseys fills another wall ; Armstrong merchandise is on offer at every turn , from cycling spandex to lemon-flavored waffles . "  It would be Lance 's decision , " general manager Will Black explained when asked why the memorabilia remains on display , given Armstrong 's spectacular fall from grace . "  If he decides he wants us to take them down , we would , but until that happens , they will stay up . " How an all-American hero fell to earth And by the look of the shop 's bustle on a Monday morning , Mellow Johnny 's will survive the scandal that has enveloped Armstrong . "  We have n't seen it in terms of the number of customers coming in , " Black said . "  It really has n't had an effect in a negative way . " It is not just cycling enthusiasts that are flocking to the shop ; the stars of Formula One also stopped off during the sport 's first visit to Austin last month . Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso took a look inside Mellow Johnny 's while seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher and Mark Webber of Red Bull both purchased bikes . Lance Armstrong 's epic downfall Written out of history Since the release of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's report that stated there was "  overwhelming " evidence Armstrong was involved in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " ever seen in professional cycling , the American 's reputation has unraveled like a onion being peeled away one layer at a time . Armstrong steadfastly maintains his innocence . But a few blocks east of Mellow Johnny 's is the yellow-hued headquarters of the Livestrong Foundation -- the charity Armstrong set up after overcoming testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs , abdomen and brain -- which has taken down his Tour race-winner 's yellow jerseys . But if the American has been written out of cycling history -- "  Lance Armstrong has no place in cycling , " said the International Cycling Union 's president , Pat McQuaid , recently -- the cyclist 's legacy at home in Austin remains deep-rooted and complex . It was thanks to Armstrong that this laid-back city became synonymous with cycling . Its biking culture has been strengthened by the presence of close to 50,000 University of Texas students using bikes to commute around town , the city 's provision of cycling infrastructure and the popular biking trails that circle the shoreline of Town Lake on the fringes of downtown . Few in the city disagree that Armstrong put Austin on the cycling map -- and vice versa . "  The Lance Armstrong effect is part of what gave cycling such a big boost here , " said Gilbert Martinez , president of the Austin Cycling Association Gilbert Martinez . "  When he started winning the Tour , there was lots of buzz . People gathered to watch it ; there were parties all round town , not just at bike shops but at bars and grills . It was a tremendous boost . " The city paid tribute to Armstrong 's contribution to cycling with the creation of the Lance Armstrong Bikeway , running east to west across downtown . There have been calls for the bikeway to be renamed , but Austin 's Mayor Lee Leffingwell says he has no plans to amend this homage to Armstrong . So as they whizz past Armstrong 's name emblazoned on square , green and white signs , Austin 's cyclists have a permanent reminder of his deeds -- good and bad . "  Lance is a very divisive topic , " Martinez explained . "  There are people who really believe he was persecuted and it 's not fair what 's happening to him . Armstrong quits Livestrong entirely "  Then there are others who feel he is getting exactly what he deserves . There 's a reputation of Lance as a bit of a jerk and  the doping  was part of his win-at-all-costs personality . "  There is a sizeable part of the community who really do n't care one way or another . "  We as people want to believe he overcame cancer and he won the most grueling bicycle race in the world , and he did it seven times in a row . "  But cycling was here before Lance got here , and it 'll still be here long after we 've forgotten him . " Back at the 15-year-old Livestrong Foundation charity , which has raised more than $ 500 million to support cancer patients , donations have increased since the allegations linking Armstrong with serial doping . "  It might be that people are learning about the work of the foundation as a result of the controversy from the cycling world , " mused Livestrong spokeswoman Katherine McLane . "  In which case , that is a positive effect . " Armstrong stepped down as chairman of the Livestrong Foundation in October , the same month the organization also legally changed its name from the Lance Armstrong Foundation . McLane says it 's his work with the foundation that should remain as Armstrong 's lasting legacy , not the implosion of his cycling career . "  I would say that Lance 's greatest legacy is creating an organization that has helped 2.5 million people when they are facing cancer , " she added . "  He 's still the foundation 's biggest donor . He 's donated $ 7 million . " Amid all the opinion and rhetoric bubbling around Armstrong in Austin , there was no sign of the man himself . His only public appearance since the scandal enveloped him was at a Livestrong gala on October 20 , and when Formula One made its debut in the city , Armstrong flew to Hawaii to avoid the hubbub . Suzanne Halliburton , who has followed Armstrong 's rise and fall for the Austin American-Statesman newspaper since 1996 , is one of the few still in regular contact with Armstrong . "  The last time I talked to him , he seemed to be doing reasonably well , " she said . "  He has access to a private plane where he can zip off and go hang out in Hawaii at his house there . " Armstrong , who also has a Spanish-style villa close to downtown Austin , has no reason to keep out of the public gaze in his hometown , according to Halliburton . "  When he rides , he goes out to the Hill Country , but his house is in central Austin , " she explained . "  He 's got five kids , two of whom live with him . He 's very active , going to see all their sporting events , sometimes coaching their soccer teams . He sits in line to pick up the kids . "  He lives pretty normal . He goes out to eat . I do n't see him keeping a low profile here . "  He 's not beloved anymore , but he 's not hated . " Away from Austin , the wheels of justice are cranking into gear . Sponsor sad at loss of Armstrong 's ` great story ' An International Cycling Union commission has been assembled to investigate the USADA 's damning report into the allegations that Armstrong systematically used performance-enhancing drugs . He could also face lawsuits from groups such as British newspaper The Sunday Times , which lost legal disputes with Armstrong surrounding doping allegations and , as a result , paid out huge sums , as well as Texan insurance firm SCA Promotions , which insured performance bonuses paid to the American after he claimed his fourth , fifth and sixth Tour de France wins . Back in Texas , there is a little expectation of Armstrong undergoing a Damascene conversion . "  He 'd already fallen off the pedestal , " Martinez argued . "  All that is left is for a mea culpa -- but I do n't think that is ever going to come . " Halliburton is less sure . "  Whether you think Lance did drugs or not -- and it looks like he did something -- he still worked his ass off , " she opined . "  I 've had people come up to me and say ` I 've been an athlete . and I know that performance enhancers are not going to help somebody who 's not also working hard . ' so he 's real driven . He 's a perfectionist , and he does n't suffer fools gladly . "  The last time I talked to him , he said he 's going to get the last word . "  But first and foremost , he is going to think about his family . You ca n't just go throwing yourself on the mercy of the public and want them to love you again . "  He 's in a tough spot right now . "	Mellow Johnny 's is a cycling store co-owned by disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong The store is in Armstrong hometown of Austin , Texas Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life from cycling Some cycling fans in Austin still stand by Armstrong despite doping allegations
CNN  -- China 's ambassador to Japan is rejecting Tokyo 's protest over the patrol of Chinese navy ships near a group of islands disputed by Japan , China and Taiwan . Japan accused the Chinese navy of using radar to gather information on the location of a Japanese escort vessel and a helicopter . The type of radar used could be used to produce data needed to fire upon the Japanese equipment . Dispute explained : How a remote rock split China and Japan The Japanese foreign ministry summoned the Chinese ambassador for a meeting Tuesday to lodge a formal protest regarding the accusations . The Chinese actions were unusual and one false step could lead to a dangerous situation , Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onoder said Tuesday . Japan repels Taiwan activists near disputed islands China countered that it has been conducting regular patrols in Chinese waters and asked Japan not to interfere . "  We think the top priority for now is for Japan to stop all provocative actions it has been doing as sending ships and flights into Diaoyu islands sea and air space , " Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hua Chunying said , referring to the disputed islands . "  We hope Japan can take actions to show sincerity and willingness to work with China through talks and negotiations to control and manage the current situation . " The Japanese call the uninhabited islands the Senkakus . Near them are important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible oil deposits . Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? Disagreement over who owns them strained relations between Japan and China during the latter half of 2012 , and the dispute shows no signs of waning . In another show of force , China 's navy conducted drills in the South China Sea over the weekend , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The drill included a scenario in which a helicopter crew identified a target and prepared to fire a missile , and another in which crews responded to a fire on a ship . Protests flared across China in September , soon after Japan announced it had bought several of the disputed islands from private Japanese owners . The deal was struck in part to prevent the islands from being bought by Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara , who had called for donations for a public fund to buy them . Dangerous Rocks : Can both sides back off peacefully ? China was outraged , as were protesters who marched through several Chinese cities calling for boycotts of Japanese products and urging the government to give the islands back . In December , the dispute escalated when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen near the islands . A number of Chinese ships have also entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province , also lays claim to the islands . But the self-governing island has seldom rigorously advanced its claims because of an unwillingness to risk its good relationship with Japan , said Alan Dupont , a strategic analyst at the University of New South Wales in Sydney . He said last year that Taiwan 's decision to become more assertive was a response to actions taken by China and Japan in the second half of 2012 , as well as concerns over access to fishing and marine resources .	China rejects complaints about its navy patrols by Japan Japan had accused China of using radar to track a Japanese ship and helicopter Taiwan , China and Japan are disputing a group of islands China says it is patrolling its waters near the islands
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A man police believe shot and killed two people at a California toll plaza during the height of evening rush hour Tuesday was taken into custody early Wednesday , authorities told CNN affiliate KTVU . Police say Nathaniel Burris , 46 , was arrested just after 3 a.m. on Interstate 80 near Baxter , California . Nathaniel Burris , 46 , was arrested just after 3 a.m. on Interstate 80 near Baxter , California , by the California Highway Patrol , Richmond , California , police Sgt. Bisa French told KTVU . The shooting happened at 5:55 p.m. at the entrance to the 7.5-mile Richmond-San Rafael Bridge , which links Contra Costa and Marin counties , California Highway Patrol spokesman Sam Morgan told CNNRadio . Deborah Ross , 51 , was killed inside one of the toll booths , the California governor 's office said . The other person killed was a man shot while sitting in his vehicle , which was parked in a lot at the toll plaza , Morgan said . KTVU identified the man as Ersie "  Chuck " Everett , 58 . Both people were shot with a shotgun , authorities said . The suspect drove off in a white 2005 Ford van with "  Western Eagle Shuttle " printed on it in orange and blue letters , Morgan said . Richmond police said the deaths appeared to stem from a domestic dispute , KTVU said . French told the station Burris was in a "  dating relationship " and lived with Ross . Aerial footage showed traffic backed up after the shooting , with cars being ushered through the far-right toll lane . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement expressing shock and sadness over Ross ' death . The statement said Capitol flags would be flown at half-staff in her memory .	Woman shot inside one of the toll booths ; another victim shot inside his vehicle Nathaniel Burris of Richmond , California , accused of rush-hour slayings Police say deaths appeared to stem from a domestic dispute
CNN  -- More than 14 months after they fled fighting between rebel and government forces , park rangers who monitor mountain gorillas in war-torn Democratic Republic of Congo have returned to the reserve . Young gorillas play in Congo 's Virunga National Park in an undated photograph . It is a welcome sight at Virunga National Park , where around 200 of the world 's 700 mountain gorillas live . Samantha Newport , communications director for the refuge , told CNN on Friday that 70 rangers have returned to the gorilla refuge . They left when the sector was taken over by Laurent Nkunda 's Tutsi armed force , which is fighting Congolese soldiers and their militia allies . About 50 other rangers who fled after rebels seized the park headquarters last month also have come back , Newport said , and about 150 other rangers will be returning after being away for a month or two . Around 400 other rangers never left the nearly 8,000-square kilometer park , in which the gorilla reserve encompasses 250 square kilometers , Newport said . The gorilla section of the park lies in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . Newport said Nkunda 's rebels still control much of the park and the preserve , but efforts have been made by combatants to protect the gorilla refuge and not interfere with the park rangers ' duties . In a news release , Virunga Park Director Emmanuel de Merode said , "  It is a huge step that all sides have agreed that the protection of Virunga as a World Heritage Site and its mountain gorillas is of sufficient priority to transcend political differences . " He added , "  Rangers are neutral in this conflict , and it is right that they should be allowed to do their job . " The rangers will be conducting a census of the gorillas . There were 72 habituated and around 120 non-habituated gorillas in the reserve in August 2007 , when the last census was conducted . That number is expected to change because of births and deaths . Habituated describes those gorillas who are accustomed to contact with humans , and non-habituated refers to those who are not used to human presence , Newport explained . Virunga National Park is a UNESCO  United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  World Heritage Site and Africa 's oldest national park . It was formerly known as Albert National Park .	Fighting forced rangers to flee gorilla reserve in Democratic Republic of Congo Some of the rangers fled some 14 months ago "  Rangers are neutral in this conflict , " park official says
London , England  CNN  -- The British government will compensate a number of British residents who were interned at Guantanamo Bay , Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke announced Tuesday , saying he could not reveal the amount of compensation . "  The settlement is not to be taken as any admission of liability , " he said , portraying it as a way of resolving lawsuits against the British government so that an independent inquiry into torture allegations could get started . "  It was not in the interest of any party to get stuck in litigation , " Clarke told the House of Commons . "  It could have taken years , it could have cost tens of millions of pounds , " he said . "  It was a difficult and unusual situation , but it was the right thing to do . I think we 've saved public money . " The settlement will cover all British citizens and residents who were held at the U.S. military detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , as far as the British government is aware , Clarke said . At least six men had filed suit against the British government , seeking damages over human rights violations they say they suffered during their rendition to and detention at various locations , including Guantanamo Bay . The British government inquiry into the issue -- announced by Prime Minister David Cameron in July -- could not begin until the suits were settled , Clarke said . Police investigations will also have to be finished before the so-called Gibson inquiry can begin , he said . Amnesty International said that the British government is n't going far enough . "  Financial compensation can be an important part of the right to remedy and reparation for victims of grave human rights violations . However , it remains only one part , " said Amnesty official Nicola Duckworth . The human rights group said lawyers acting for the British government have repeatedly sought to prevent disclosure of relevant material , and had argued for closed procedures allowing courts to consider secret material presented by U.K. authorities in closed sessions . And in the United States , the American Civil Liberties Union welcomed the British action while condeming Washington for not following suit . "  Here in the United States , the Obama administration continues to shield the architects of the torture program from civil liability , " said Jameel Jaffer , deputy legal director of the ACLU . "  If other democracies can compensate survivors and hold officials accountable for their endorsement of torture , surely we can do the same , " he said .	NEW : Amnesty International and the ACLU demand more action and information "  It was the right thing to do , " Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke says The amount of the settlement is confidential , he says The payments are not an admission of liability , Clarke says
CNN  -- Concerned parents of students at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point , New York say their children were told to go on fall break several weeks early and no one knows when they 'll be going back to school , thanks to the federal shutdown . Meanwhile , it 's business as usual at the other four U.S. federal academies . The Merchant Marine Academy is operated under the U.S. Department of Transportation , while those for the Air Force , Navy , Army and Coast Guard operate under the Department of Defense . And in this case , that makes all the difference . Almost all of the academy 's faculty and staff are civilians who are subject to shutdown furloughs , while the majority of the staffs at the other military academies are active-duty military and are not subject to furlough , according to the academy 's website . Some parents of USMMA students worry that the shutdown could eventually delay careers , because of the academy 's unique scheduling . Adam Feinberg 's son is in his second year at the academy . "  It is very tough because Kings Point has a compact curriculum . You spend three trimesters out at sea after two years of taking classes . These shutdown days cut into the sea days , " Feinberg told CNN . In a statement released last Thursday , Rear Admiral James Helis , the academy 's superintendent , stated that by "  swapping " the fall break , it will minimize the impact the shutdown has on students and on the academic calendar . The academy 's website says fall break was originally scheduled for November 1-11 . The rescheduled break started Friday and will last until October 14 . So what is the plan if the federal shutdown lasts past that date ? "  While we hope the shutdown will be resolved by the end of the newly-scheduled break , if the shutdown is still in place , we will be forced to shut down the Academy on October 15 , " the website stated . In his statement , Helis said the leadership of the academy and the DOT are working on options to address a long-term federal shutdown in the event that happens . According to the academy 's website , 225 midshipmen are currently at sea and will be allowed to continue their training . When those sailors complete their sea training , the academy will bring them back to campus , or to their homes , depending on the status of the government shutdown at that time . Calls to the Merchant Marine Academy were not immediately returned on Saturday . The Merchant Marine transports cargo and passengers in domestic waters during peace time , and during war is an auxiliary of the U.S. Navy and can be called to transport military cargo and supplies . CNN 's Jareen Imam contributed to this report	U.S. Merchant Marine Academy starts its fall break early Staff subject to furlough , the academy 's website says Some parents are concerned their students ' careers will be delayed due to the shutdown
CNN  No identification , no Social Security card and only a box to live on . John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years . Suddenly , he 's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension . Helinski hit it big thanks to the Social Security Administration , and a big-hearted cop and a case worker determined to untangle major bureaucracy . Charles Inman could not bear to see his 62-year-old ward land back on the street , he told CNN affiliate WFTS . The shelter where the case worker works set Helinski up with a bunk and a locker . But getting him into the system was hard , because Helinski 's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen . "  He needed to have an identification , but we could n't get an identification without a birth certificate , " Inman said . A hassle all by itself , except that Helinski was foreign born -- in Poland , as an American citizen . "  We first had to figure out that we needed a consular record of foreign birth or something like that , " said Tampa police Officer Dan McDonald , who pitched in to help Helinski . With those papers squared away , he and Inman got Helinski a driver 's license and a Social Security card . Then , Helinski remembered that he used to have an account with a certain Landmark Bank . "  Then it became Bank of America , " he said . The account was still there , and the Social Security Administration had n't forgotten about him . It had kept paying Helinski benefits for years , and they had stacked up high . Now Helinski is thinking of buying his own four walls . And he 'll have monthly benefits to live on . "  I guess I 'm exhilarated , excited , you know , " he said . McDonald said he and Inman were stunned . "  We were n't quite sure what to say . "	John Helinski 's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen His case worker and a cop had to get foreign ID papers to get him a driver 's license Then Helinski remembered a bank account he used to have
CNN  -- It was a fitting end to a remarkable era -- Alex Ferguson celebrated his final home game as manager of Manchester United with a dramatic late victory against Swansea on Sunday . While the result made no difference to either side 's season , the jubilation that followed a rare winner from veteran defender Rio Ferdinand brought echoes from some of the 71-year-old 's long list of triumphs in more than quarter of a century at the helm . "  My retirement does n't mean the end of my life at the club . I will be able to enjoy watching them rather than suffering with them , " Ferguson told the crowd in pouring rain at Old Trafford , which included his 11 grandchildren in the stands . "  But if you think about it , those last-minute goals , comebacks , even the defeats , are all part of this great football club of ours . It 's been an unbelievable experience so thank you for that . "  I 'd also like to remind you that when we had bad times here the club stood by me , the players stood by me , and your job now is to stand by our new manager . That is important . " Ferguson 's replacement will be David Moyes , who is leaving United 's English Premier League rivals Everton after more than a decade as manager . He will begin preparations for United 's title defense when he formally takes over in July , with Ferguson 's legacy being 13 league championships , two European Cups , five FA Cups , four League Cups , one European Cup Winners ' Cup and one FIFA Club World Cup . This season United regained the EPL crown from bitter rivals Manchester City , securing it with four games to play . "  It has been the most fantastic experience of my life . Thank you , " said Ferguson , the most successful manager in English football . "  I have been very fortunate , I 've been able to manage some of the greatest players in the country let alone Manchester United . "  All these players here today , they have represented our club the proper way and have won a championship in fantastic fashion . Well done to the players . " United took the lead six minutes before halftime through striker Javier Hernandez , but Swansea stunned the home fans when Michu volleyed in at the near post just four minutes after the interval for his 18th league goal this season . If the Spaniard 's effort was a typically predatory strike , Ferdinand 's stunning 87th-minute volley came out of the blue -- the former England center-back 's first goal in more than five years . It also capped a home farewell for 38-year-old midfielder Paul Scholes , who announced on Saturday that he is retiring for the second time and will return to the club 's coaching ranks . "  Paul is one of the greatest players this club has ever had and ever will have , " said Ferguson , who brought Scholes into the first team from the youth ranks along with a "  golden generation " that included David Beckham , Ryan Giggs and Gary Neville . "  I wish you a great retirement and I know you will still be around annoying me ! " added the Scot , who will remain at Old Trafford as a director on the board and as a club ambassador . One player who did n't feature in the match was England striker Wayne Rooney , who watched from the stands before joining the celebrations on the pitch . Ferguson later confirmed that Rooney has asked to leave the club , so he thought it was best to give the 27-year-old time to reflect on his decision . "  I think he wants to think it through in his mind -- I think that 's a good idea . We 're not going to let him go , " Ferguson said . "  I think maybe he is a bit frustrated . He has been taken off once or twice in the past couple of weeks . " Ferguson also revealed that he had made his decision to retire last December because he wanted to spend more time with his wife Cathy , who had recently lost her sister . The win put United 13 points clear of City ahead of Ferguson 's 1,500 th and final United game away to West Brom next Sunday . City 's season suffered another setback on Saturday with a 1-0 defeat to lowly Wigan in the FA Cup final , which has sparked speculation that manager Roberto Mancini will be sacked . While City sealed the second of England 's Champions League places last weekend , the other two are still up for grabs . Tottenham moved above London rivals Arsenal into fourth place with a 2-1 win at Stoke on Sunday , as Emmanuel Adebayor scored the decisive goal with seven minutes to play . Stoke led early through Steven Nzonzi but Clint Dempsey -- who set up Adebayor 's winner -- equalized before the home side had Charlie Adam sent off just after halftime . Arsenal can regain fourth place with victory over Wigan on Tuesday in a match that the third-bottom team needs to win to have any chance of avoiding relegation . Moyes will leave Everton in sixth place following a 2-0 win over West Ham , with both goals coming from Belgian striker Kevin Mirallas . Liverpool stayed seventh with a 3-1 win at Fulham as a hat-trick from striker Dean Sturridge meant the London side may need a point in the final round to avoid relegation . Newcastle and Norwich both won on Sunday to ensure another season in the top flight , respectively beating bottom club Queens Park Rangers 2-1 and eighth-placed West Brom 4-0 . Sunderland could have condemned Wigan to the drop just a day after the club 's biggest success at Wembley , but drew 1-1 with Southampton to stay in the relegation mix .	Alex Ferguson farewells Manchester United fans with 2-1 home victory on Sunday Scot is retiring after more than 26 years in charge at the English soccer club His 1,500 th and final match will be at West Bromwich Albion next weekend Ferguson confirms that striker Wayne Rooney has asked to leave United
Luay al-Khatteeb spoke to CNN about the impact of ISIS ' march through northern Iraq , and the militant group 's control of some oil fields . He explained how they used the oil fields to raise funds , and how it could impact global prices . This is an edited version of the conversation . How much of Iraq 's oil market do ISIS control ? ISIS control just a few marginal fields in Iraq 's north , but they are enough to fund the terrorist group 's self-sufficiency . A month ago , the ISIS -- controlled oil market in Iraq was reported to be worth $ 1 million a day . Now , with expansion , further control of oil fields and smuggling routes , the market is believed to be raising at least $ 2 million a day . This could fetch them more than $ 730 million a year , enough to sustain the operation beyond Iraq . ISIS have been battling over Baiji and the refinery is still under siege . However , if ISIS succeed in capturing it , the refinery would be very difficult to operate without capable and technical staff . One important factor for the stability of global markets : ISIS is not yet in the south of Iraq , where the country 's true oil bounty lies . Capturing the southern assets of the country would be mission impossible for the group . The territory is far from fault lines , and is dominated by Shia , which makes dominating the region difficult for the Sunni militant group . What do ISIS do with the oil they get ? ISIS smuggle the crude oil and trade it for cash and refined products , at a reduced price . They also have their own small and rudimentary refineries in Syria . Refined oil is returned to ISIS for selling locally , in Iraq and Syria . ISIS also use the oil in their own warfare . ISIS controls smuggling routes and the crude transported by tankers to Jordan via Anbar province , to Iran via Kurdistan , to Turkey via Mosul , to Syria 's local market and to the Kurdistan region of Iraq , where most of it gets refined locally . Turkey has turned a blind eye to this and may continue to do so until they come under pressure from the West to close down oil black markets in the country 's south . ISIS ' oil will remain limited to these black markets , and the group will have no chance to establish a sophisticated pipeline network . Fixed distribution networks are complex , require investment and can become targets by the Iraqi Army and Kurdish Peshmerga . What is ISIS ' ultimate aim and how does oil wealth play into it ? At present , ISIS are trying to establish a self-sufficient state and a capital in what is known as the "  Sunni triangle "  west and north Iraq  , and oil production will be part of this . They want to be self-sufficient , expand their territorial control , recruit more jihadists -- with focus on extremists with foreign passports -- and extend their operations , to eventually launch attacks on Western countries . ISIS declared its Caliphate by turning Iraq and Syria into a hub to attract extremists . They are aiming to take over the Arabian Peninsula as their epicenter to launch attacks globally . If this happens , they will be in control of a region that holds 60 % of world 's conventional energy reserves and produces 40 % of global oil and gas production . And the only way to do it is by attracting the masses of jihadists and extremists from all over the world to eventually outnumber the locals , which will endanger global security and economies . How is ISIS ' control of some of Iraq 's oil fields impacting the global economy ? In the short to mid-term , the impact will be minimal as Iraq 's south is its dominant producer . However , there are enough rich assets in the midlands and the north part of Iraq that ISIS could reach out to , a potential capacity that could ramp up to a million barrels a day -- from its current 30,000 barrels a day -- should they seize control the oil-rich city of Kirkuk and its surrounding districts . If they succeed in controlling those assets , cash inflow could stretch their empire of terrorism beyond imagination . But so far , ISIS oil trading has remained local with buyers in Jordan , Turkey , Syria and Iran via middlemen network and truck owners . However , the instability created by Iraq effectively being broken up would have a ripple impact , in terms of hindering investment prospect in the country . In turn , that could prevent Iraq from reaching its 2020 target of 9 million barrels of oil production per day , which is three times Iraq 's current oil supply and 10 % of global demand .	Terrorist group ISIS controls some oil fields in North Iraq , which helps fund its activities The group is using smuggling routes to get crude into nearby countries , and refine it The refined oil is then sold locally and used to fund ISIS ' warfare and raise money The impact on global markets has so far been limited as ISIS is not in southern Iraq
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney 's injury time header gave Manchester United a 3-1 victory over city rivals Manchester City to put them through to the English League Cup final 4-3 on aggregate . City won last week 's first leg 2-1 , courtesy of a double by former United striker Carlos Tevez , but the English champions brought the aggregate scores level early in the second half . Rooney sent Ryan Giggs racing clear with a superb cross-field pass . City 's defence appeared to have halted the attack , but the ball eventually fell to Michael Carrick , whose pass found veteran midfielder Paul Scholes to fire past goalkeeper Shay Given . Then , with 20 minutes remaining , the tie looked settled when Darren Fletcher laid a Nani pass into the path of Carrick who scored with a precision side-footed effort into the corner of the City goal . Tevez was jeered by the home fans , but the Argentine again showed what the Old Trafford club are missing when pulling a goal back five minutes later , flicking Craig Bellamy 's cross powerfully home , ahead of defender Rio Ferdinand , to leave the tie poised for extra time . However , in the 91st minute , England forward Rooney -- who scored all four goals in United 's victory over Hull on Saturday -- struck with a close range header from a Giggs to deny City a place in their first major final for 29 years . United will now face Aston Villa in a repeat of the 1994 League Cup final , looking to gain revenge for that particular 3-1 Wembley defeat .	Wayne Rooney 's injury time header gives Manchester United a 3-1 victory over Manchester City The result sees United edge through to the English League Cup final 4-3 on aggregate United will now face Aston Villa at Wembley in a repeat of the 1994 final which Villa won 3-1 .
CNN  -- Lee Westwood and Rory McIlroy 's decision to skip the Players Championship at Sawgrass in May has been defended by their manager Andrew Chandler . World number one Westwood and Northern Ireland 's rising star McIlroy are giving the tournament , dubbed the "  fifth major " a wide berth , saying it did not fit their schedules . Both have opted to take up European Tour membership in 2011 , meaning they can only play three events on the PGA Tour outside of the majors . Chandler told CNN that moving the PGA Tour 's flagship tournament from just before the U.S. Masters to a slot in May had prompted the decisions of his star duo . "  I would think when it was played at the end of the March it was getting to be the fifth major , " said Chandler . "  Moving it to the middle of May has made it about the 10th most important tournament in the world . "  It is n't a priority for them as they would rather win a major or a world golf championship event , " he added . The absence of current world number one Westwood from the TPC has been seen as a snub to the PGA Tour , but Chandler says it is purely down to the calendar . "  They can not play every week , " he said . McIlroy has also denied reports of a rift with PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem for abandoning the U.S. circuit after only one year as a full-time member . He wrote on his Twitter blog : "  For everyone who is interested , the reason I 'm not playing TPC this year is because I 've never thought the golf course has set up that well for me . "  Hence , two missed cuts in two years . I have no sort of vendetta against Tim Finchem or the PGA Tour ; I love playing in the U.S. and have always found the people very welcoming . " South Africa 's Tim Clark won last year 's Players Championship , with Westwood finishing tied for fourth , four shots behind .	Lee Westwood and Rory McIlroy to miss PGA Tour 's Players Championship The flagship event has moved from the end of March to mid-May Westwood and McIlroy 's manager Andrew Chandler says decision down to scheduling World number one Westwood finished fourth in last year 's TPC
CNN  -- Ratko Mladic , the former Bosnian Serb army commander who went on trial Wednesday for crimes against humanity , is a notorious name synonymous with the dissolution of Yugoslavia , the Balkan wars of the 1990s and the bloody assaults on Sarajevo and Srebrenica . During the five-day orgy of slaughter at Srebrenica , which Mladic is accused of being directly involved in , up to 8,000 Muslims were exterminated in what was described by the U.N. war crimes tribunal as "  the triumph of evil . " A judge at The Hague tribunal described what happened there in July 1995 as "  truly scenes from hell written on the darkest pages of human history . " Born in Kalnovik , Bosnia-Herzegovina , during the height of World War II , the 70-year-old was a career soldier who served in Yugoslavia 's military before that nation dissolved in the early 1990s . Mladic was shaped by the war when his father was killed by Croat Nazis when he was two years old . In 1965 he graduated from a military academy and joined the Communist Party in Yugoslavia , an ethnic stew of six states -- Bosnia , Serbia , Macedonia , Slovenia , Croatia , and Montenegro . Over the following three decades he rose rapidly through the ranks of the Yugoslav army . By the time he took Bosnia 's battlefields he had become a hero to many Serbs , seen as defender of their dwindling fortunes . . In May 1992 , Bosnia 's Serbian political leaders picked him to head their forces and lead the assault on their enemies . Bosnia 's Muslim leaders wanted independence while the Serbs wanted to remain part of Yugoslavia -- and the ethnic majority . Mladic wasted no time galvanizing his heavily armed forces to besiege Sarajevo , cutting the city off from the outside world by shelling and sniping at its poorly prepared civilian population in the valley below them . More than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , were killed . Over the course of the three-year war that raged across the whole country more than a quarter million people died , making the conflict the bloodiest in Europe since World War II . A French policeman who collected evidence from Bosnian Muslims , Jean-Rene Ruez , told The Hague tribunal in 1996 that Bosnian Serb forces killed and tortured refugees in Srebrenica at will . Streets were littered with corpses , he said , and rivers were red with blood . Many people committed suicide to avoid having their noses , lips and ears chopped off , he said . Among other lurid accounts of mass murder , Ruez cited cases of adults being forced to kill their children or watching as soldiers ended the young lives . "  One soldier approached a woman in the middle of a crowd , " he said . "  Her child was crying . The soldier asked why the child was crying and she explained that he was hungry . The soldier made a comment like , ` He wo n't be hungry anymore . ' He slit the child 's throat in front of everybody . " As the war ended in the fall of 1995 , Mladic went on the run . Over the years , he eluded authorities while his cohort , Karadzic , was apprehended and is facing various charges at the court in The Hague . Their mentor , former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic , died in jail in 2006 during his trial at The Hague . Eventually , more than 16 years later , he was captured an hour 's drive from the Serbian capital living on a farm with a cousin . World leaders and human rights groups described the arrest as "  historic " and "  an important step forward . " Key dates in hunt for Mladic U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called it a "  historic day for international justice . This arrest marks an important step in our collective fight against impunity . " Interpol called Mladic "  Europe 's most wanted war crimes suspect " while Amnesty International 's law chief Widney Brown said "  at last the people who suffered have hope he will be brought to justice . " The arrest meant a major hurdle that once stood between Serbia and its long-awaited entrance into the European Union was overcome , but the trial could also usher in political backlash from the country 's electorate , some of whom consider Mladic a hero . Speaking to a Serbian Radical Party demonstration outside Belgrade 's parliament building immediate after the arrest , Darko Mladic described his father as "  a freedom fighter . " The elder Mladic "  defended his own nation , defended his people , which was his job , " his son said . Robertson : Bosnia 's future is tied to justice His family and lawyer have tried to use his poor health to prevent his extradition to the International Criminal Tribunal on the Former Yugoslavia in the Netherlands , but they failed . In the court room at The Hague last year Mladic appeared to have lost none of his visceral dislike of his enemies . CNN 's Nic Robertson said he saw the defendant drawing his finger across his throat , "  a gesture aimed directly at at some of the Srebrenica widows sitting in front of me , whose husbands he is accused of killing . "	Former Bosnian Serb army commander Ratko Mladic on trial for crimes against humanity Mladic is accused of being involved in slaughter of 8,000 Muslims at Srebrenica Mladic is charged with leading 1992 siege against city of Sarajevo , an assault that lasted two years Trial could usher in political backlash from Bosnian electorate , some of whom consider Mladic a hero
CNN  -- The mother of one of two men accused of shooting and killing three African-Americans in Tulsa , Oklahoma , earlier this month said Tuesday her son was "  a very good kid . " "  I 'm still devastated from the news . I ca n't wrap my head around that , " Teri Alexander told CNN from the Mabel Bassett Correctional Center in McCloud , Oklahoma . She 's serving an 18-year sentence on an arson conviction . Alexander 's son , Jake England , and his friend , Alvin Watts , are accused of first-degree murder and other charges in the April 6 shooting spree , which came a day after he posted a message lamenting his father 's death two years earlier "  at the hands of a f -- king n -- r. " A judge on Monday entered not guilty pleas for the men and ordered them held without bond pending a May 30 preliminary hearing . England 's attorney , Clark Brewster , reiterated Tuesday that England , 19 , is not a racist , despite the posting . "  The fact that he uses that term and is comfortable in using that term in describing in a real derogatory fashion one person does not make him a racist , " Brewster said . "  He used the most derogatory term he could in describing the person who shot his dad in the heart . " Brewster took the case after England 's mother wrote an impassioned plea for her son 's defense from prison . His office released a jailhouse interview Monday recorded by the legal team in which England spoke of the trauma of seeing his father killed and his girlfriend commit suicide in front of him , as well as troubles with depression . In the video , England also talked of growing up and living in North Tulsa , which has a large African-American community , and said he had friends of all races . "  I always got along with everybody , " he said in the video , which was recorded last Friday . "  It did n't matter what color he was . " The language in the Facebook post was used "  just to express how I was upset at the guy who shot my dad , " England said in the interview , adding that was the only time he had used the derogatory term to describe someone . That view is starkly different from the portrayal of England and Watts , 33 , that has been offered by authorities . Authorities say the two went into a largely African-American section of Tulsa after midnight April 6 , killing three people and wounding two others . Police have said the two confessed to the killings shortly after their arrest . All the shooting victims were black . Police have identified Watts and England as white , though the probable cause affidavit released Friday noted England was a co-owner of a truck that had Cherokee Nation license plates . Three Crime Stoppers tips helped lead authorities to the men , according to the affidavit . In the first , made last Saturday , a caller described England as "  a racist  who  hates black males " and said he had "  bragged about other shootings . " Another person phoned to say that England had gone off to burn his truck , which was similar to the vehicle seen by several people -- including one of the survivors -- in and around the area where the shootings took place . Sheriff deputies soon after found a 1989 Chevy truck with the Cherokee Nation tag on fire in North Tulsa . The third caller to contact Crime Stoppers on April 7 said England had "  made several comments about killing black people " and wanted "  justice " for his father 's killing . This person added that England "  uses drugs and will not go down without a fight . " In addition to the first-degree murder charges , Watts and England also face two counts of shooting with intent to kill and five counts of malicious harassment -- the equivalent of a hate crime under Oklahoma law . The law makes it illegal to "  maliciously and with the specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , ancestry , national origin or disability . " Prosecutors have not yet announced if they plan to seek the death penalty on the murder charges . The Justice Department is investigating the shootings to determine if federal civil rights laws were violated . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Tulsa shooting suspect 's mother defends her son from prison Jake England 's attorney says man 's Facebook post has been misconstrued England and Alvin Watts are accused of first-degree murder , other charges They are accused of killing 3 African-Americans and wounding two others
Momentum appears to be building for a breakthrough deal on Iran 's nuclear program , with top diplomats flocking to the site of ongoing talks . Hours after a Western official said a deal could be reached "  as soon as tonight , " discussions ended Friday night , a senior U.S. State Department said . They are set to resume Saturday morning . By that point , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and British Foreign Secretary William Hague should both be in Geneva . They 'll have company in the form of French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius , who headed to the Swiss city Friday night according to an European Union diplomatic source , and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi , according to his ministry 's website . They all join Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov as well as EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , who have been the key players in the latest round of discussions . Together , these diplomats represent all five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany -- together known as the P5 +1 -- which has been negotiating with Iran about their nuclear program . The hastily rearranged plans indicate that these Geneva talks are continuing past their scheduled conclusion Friday , though the hopes clearly go beyond just talking . After talking to Ashton and the U.S. negotiating team , Kerry "  made the decision to travel here with the hope that an agreement will be reached , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . The Western powers have been working toward an agreement to roll back Iran 's suspected march toward a nuclear weapon . On the other side , Tehran has been looking for loosening of the economic sanctions that are strangling its economy . Zarif said Friday there is wide agreement except for a couple of points , the semi-official Iranian Students News Agency reported . "  It should become clear today if we want to reach to a conclusion in the ongoing round of talks or further negotiation events are needed , " Zarif said , according to ISNA . "  Numerically speaking , perhaps 90 % of progress has been made , but there  are  one or two issues which are of great significance . " A major sticking point to an agreement has been Iran 's right to enrich uranium , officials involved in the discussions said . Iran wants the explicit right to do so to be part of the deal -- which would likely extend six months and ideally be a precursor to a more sweeping pact -- diplomats told CNN . Western powers , on the other hand , prefer ambiguity on this matter : They do n't want that point written into the agreement , but if Iran states its right to enrich uranium , the West wo n't dispute it , the diplomats said . Talks in context The latest round of talks comes as a change of leadership in Iran has changed that country 's priorities . President Hassan Rouhani , who was elected earlier this year , has made lifting tough economic sanctions against his country a priority . During a visit to the U.N. General Assembly in September , Rouhani 's moderate diplomatic approach raised hopes in the West of a thaw in relations with Tehran and progress in negotiations on its nuclear program . Despite the sanctions against it , Iran today has 19,000 centrifuges and is building more advanced ones , according to Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . At the same time , the sanctions have crippled Iran 's economy . Most world powers believe Iran is realistically at least a year away from building a nuclear weapon , Hibbs said . Iran insists it seeks to use nuclear power only for peaceful purposes . The international community led by Israel , the United States , France and others demands that Tehran dismantle its ability to enrich uranium and other technology needed to develop nuclear weapons . Iran recently signed a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency that agrees to give the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency access to long-unseen nuclear sites , including a heavy-water reactor in Arak . Controversial approach Rouhani 's new approach has helped bring the parties back to the table , but any deal will have its critics . Israel , the United States ' closest ally in the region , staunchly opposes the tentative plan . "  It 's a bad deal -- an exceedingly bad deal , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN this week . Netanyahu opposes lifting some sanctions now without getting further concessions to ensure Iran would be unable to continue with uranium enrichment and other steps . Some U.S. lawmakers are n't sold on the new plan . On Tuesday , a bipartisan group of six senators urged the administration to reject the proposed deal with Iran and accept only an agreement that better dismantles Iran 's ability to develop nuclear weapons . But President Barack Obama said the current sanctions put in place during his administration had forced Iran to the negotiating table because of economic contraction and frozen oil revenue . He said the proposed deal would "  open up the spigot a little bit " on some of the frozen revenue while leaving in place the bulk of the most effective sanctions involving Iranian oil exports and banking . But Obama also stressed that all options , including military strikes on Iran 's nuclear facilities , remained on the table as far as the United States was concerned . U.S. national security adviser Susan Rice said the plan would benefit the global community . "  The international community would have unprecedented access to Iran 's nuclear facilities and full transparency into what they 're doing , so they would n't have the ability to sneak out or break out , " Rice said .	Official : Talks end for the night , will resume Saturday morning Chinese , French , UK , US , Russian , Iran foreign ministers head to Geneva Spokeswoman : Kerry going there "  with the hope that an agreement will be reached " There had been a disagreement over Iran 's right to enrich uranium
CNN  -- The flood damage to Iowa crops could reach $ 3 billion , according to the state 's agriculture secretary . Three pigs stand stranded on the roof of a building Friday in Oakville , Iowa . "  Right now , we have about 10 percent of our corn that has either been flooded out or not planted and about 20 percent of our -LSB- soy -RSB- beans , " Bill Northey said Friday on "  Iowa Press , " a public television show . "  We 're seeing some beans go back in the ground , and if we were to lose that , if we were n't able to replant , that would be $ 2.5 billion , $ 3 billion -- a significant amount of damage , " he said . He added that some of the remaining crops would probably have smaller yields . Flooding in several Midwestern states has killed two dozen people and injured 148 , according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency , and 35,000 to 40,000 people in several states have been displaced . Watch an iReporter 's chronicle of the floods " "  I think some of this was absolutely uncontrollable , " Northey said . "  If you are ready for every potential event that could happen once out of every hundred years or 500 years , you 're probably not going to be able to be in business and make it on a normal year . So , some of this is just flat-out unpredictable , " he said . In Iowa , where several rivers jumped their banks about a week ago , water covered city blocks , ruined homes and poured over acres of farmland . This week , residents are returning to homes , and officials are assessing damage as the floodwater moves downstream to add to the Mississippi River 's flow . Despite the acres of flooded farmland in Iowa , "  there certainly are folks out there with good crops , " Northey said . "  There 's areas with good crops , and within all areas , there 's folks with good crops and poor crops , " he said . Flooding of some of the food processing facilities in Iowa also has a "  very significant " impact on Iowa 's agriculture , Northey said . "  We 're just starting to hear some of those things , just starting to figure out . Those change markets , and in many cases those losses , if they are by flooding , in some cases those are not covered by insurance , " he said . On Thursday , President Bush toured the flood-ravaged state by air . "  Obviously , to the extent that we can help immediately we want to help , and then plan for recovery , " the president said at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . "  You 're exhausted ; I understand that , " he said . "  The good news is , the people in Iowa are tough-minded people . You 'll come back better , " he said . Iowa Gov. Chet Culver , who toured the area with Bush , said , "  we will rebuild this state and this city , and it will be even better and even stronger as a result . "	Agriculture secretary estimates 10 percent of corn , 20 percent of soybeans lost Remaining plantings could show reduced yields , official says Some agricultural losses will not be covered by insurance President Bush tours flooded area by air , promises help
CNN  -- Televangelist Pat Robertson was n't blaming Haiti 's catastrophic earthquake on "  God 's wrath , " but was talking about a "  widely discussed " legend that a Satanic pact aided its founding slave revolt , a spokesman said . But the suggestion that Haiti 's historic woes stem from a deal with the devil comes from a 19th-century "  fabrication " meant to discredit its slave rebellion and Vodou religion , a Caribbean scholar said Thursday . "  This is a longstanding trope of anti-Haitian venom , " Kate Ramsey , a researcher at the University of Miami , told CNN . Robertson invoked the tale on his syndicated program , "  The 700 Club , " on Wednesday to suggest the poverty-stricken country 's long history of natural disasters and political turmoil stemmed from a deal with the devil made by the leaders of its 1791 revolution against French rule . "  They said , ` We will serve you if you will get us free from the French . ' True story , " Robertson said . "  And so , the devil said , ` OK , it 's a deal . ' " The revolt succeeded , "  but ever since , they have been cursed by one thing after the other , " the 79-year-old Christian Coalition founder and onetime Republican presidential candidate said . The legend of a Haitian deal with the devil dates back to the decades following its independence in 1804 , Ramsey said . It began with a Roman Catholic campaign against Vodou , the Afro-Haitian religion widely practiced in Haiti , and spread as anti-slavery movements gained ground in the Caribbean , Europe and America , she said . "  They did become mobilized to discredit what was called the first black republic by outsiders , especially in the context of debates over abolition in the Caribbean and elsewhere , " Ramsey told CNN . European colonists in the Caribbean and the Americas believed that the Haitian slaves "  could not have possibly pulled this off themselves " and must have had outside help , Ramsey said . Evangelical Christians have evoked the Haiti legend more recently and elaborated on it , "  but it 's drawing on a much longer history , " she said . "  It 's utterly a fabrication , and it 's an extremely offensive one , " she added . Haiti , the Western Hemisphere 's poorest country , has faced a string of natural disasters in the past two decades and been wracked by political chaos for much of its history . In a statement posted on the broadcaster 's Web site , Christian Broadcasting Network spokesman Chris Roslan said the "  widely-discussed " legend , "  combined with the horrible state of the country , has led countless scholars and religious figures over the centuries to believe the country is cursed . " But , he added , "  Dr. Robertson never stated that the earthquake was God 's wrath . " "  If you watch the entire video segment , Dr. Robertson 's compassion for the people of Haiti is clear . He called for prayer for them . His humanitarian arm has been working to help thousands of people in Haiti over the last year , and they are currently launching a major relief and recovery effort to help the victims of this disaster . " Robertson has previously linked natural disasters and terrorist attacks -- including Hurricane Katrina , which killed more than 1,800 people on the Gulf Coast in 2005 -- to legalized abortion in the United States .	Televangelist invoked tale saying natives made deal with devil for freedom from France Scholar : Tale is "  longstanding trope of anti-Haitian venom " meant to discredit revolt , Vodou Legend stems from belief that slaves could not have pulled off revolt alone , Kate Ramsey says Spokesman denies Robertson said quake was God 's wrath , says he is praying for Haiti
Washington  CNN  -- A man who set himself on fire at the National Mall has died from his injuries , police said Saturday . Authorities have n't been able to identify him due to the extent of his injuries , so they will conduct DNA tests and use dental records , said Officer Araz Alali , spokesman for D.C. Metropolitan police . The man was taken to a hospital Friday night after officers rushed to the scene and found the man engulfed in flames . Alali said authorities are trying to figure why the man self-immolated . Adam Stifel saw part of the incident while he was jogging . "  I saw a man sitting in flames , " Stifel told CNN . "  He had already doused himself in gasoline , I believe . " Stifel said five or six people used their shirts to pat out the fire . He said he saw a red gasoline canister near the man . The incident occurred near the National Air and Space Museum . The location where the man was found on fire is about six blocks from the U.S. Capitol , where a high speed car chase on Thursday ended with a woman being shot and killed by law enforcement officers . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Brian Todd and Skip Nocciolo contributed to this report .	Man self-immolates near famous museum on National Mall , police say Passers-by attempted to put out the flames His identity and motive are unknown
CNN  -- Testing continues for patients who may have been exposed to HIV and hepatitis from their visit to Dr. W. Scott Harrington 's suburban Tulsa , Oklahoma , dental office . By Monday , nearly 1,000 patients had been screened at a special clinic in the city , and most will receive results in about two weeks , state health officials said . The screenings began Saturday , and the free tests will continue weekdays . Harrington , 64 , surrendered his dental license on March 20 after health investigators found sterilization , staffing and other infractions . The dentistry board launched its probe after one of Harrington 's patients came down with hepatitis C . That patient originally tested positive for HIV , too , but a subsequent test came back negative , the Tulsa Health Department said . Investigators raised a number of sterilization and "  cross-contamination " alarms -- such as "  unauthorized , unlicensed " employees using IVs to sedate patients and that needles were n't handled properly . "  I will tell you that when ... we left , we were just physically kind of sick , " Susan Rogers , executive director of the Oklahoma Board of Dentistry , said last week . "  That 's how bad it was , and I 've seen a lot of bad stuff over the years . " The outward cleanliness of the office belied the mess elsewhere , Rogers said said , noting that "  just basic universal precautions for blood-borne pathogens " were n't followed . Besides being "  unlocked and unattended , " the drug cabinet was rife with issues -- containing , for example , a drug that expired in 1993 -- according to the official complaint filed before the state dental board . Other records showed that morphine had been used in patients throughout 2012 , even though the dentist had not received a morphine delivery since 2009 . Harrington and his attorney have not returned multiple calls from CNN . And the oral surgeon was n't home when a CNN crew went there on Saturday . "  How do you say you 're sorry to 7,000 people that you could possibly have infected ? " said Melissa Wood , whose daughter -- a patient of Harrington 's -- spent part of her 18th birthday getting tested . Learn more about HIV CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Health officials say a dentist may have exposed thousands to HIV and hepatitis The screenings began Saturday ; by Monday , nearly 1,000 patients had been tested Dr. W. Scott Harrington has surrendered his dental license
CNN  -- There have been bigger storms before , with stronger winds . Still , Tropical Storm Andrea is already packing a wet wallop -- and it is expected to soak millions along the Eastern Seaboard by the time it runs its course . It still packed damaging winds . A woman in Palm Beach County , Florida , was seriously injured Thursday night when she was hit by debris from an oak tree that flew through a bedroom window , the National Weather Service in Miami said . Flash-flood warnings extended from the Sunshine State through coastal communities north to Virginia . An even broader swath of the East Coast -- including parts of 13 states , from Georgia to Maine -- is under flash-flood watches , meaning a sudden deluge of rain could overwhelm sewers , cause rivers and creeks to overrun their banks and more through the weekend . The watch area includes Washington , which the National Weather Service predicts could get up to 6 inches of rain Friday , and New York City , where forecasters say 1 to 2 inches of rain an hour could fall at times into Saturday . Even Maine 's coast , including Portland , could see as much as 3 inches of rain by the time this weekend is done . Follow the storm on CNN.com 's hurricane tracker All this comes from a storm that , as it passed through the Gulf of Mexico , never ascended to hurricane status -- it needed to have sustained winds of 74 mph or more to get that honor -- and then weakened , as far as wind speeds , as it passed over land Thursday evening . As of 11 p.m. Thursday -- five hours after making landfall in the swampy , sparsely populated Big Bend region of Florida , about 180 miles north of Tampa -- Andrea was centered about 40 miles west of Jacksonville , Florida , and 65 miles east-southeast of Valdosta , Georgia . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph , down substantially from when it made landfall , according to the National Hurricane Center . Despite warnings that storm surges plus torrential rains could equal major flooding , Taylor County Emergency Management Director Dustin Hinkel said Andrea was bringing precipitation and high winds , but little trouble . Predictions for 2013 Atlantic hurricane season "  We 've had good luck with the storm coming ashore during low tide , so we have had some very , very minor coastal flooding so far , " Hinkel said . "  The rain has been very manageable here . " His county issued only a voluntary evacuation call as the storm neared , aimed at people living in mobile homes and older buildings , Hinkel said . No evacuations were ordered in Dixie County , to the south , said Tim Alexander , the emergency services director there . On Thursday night , a tropical storm warning extended from Flagler Beach , Florida , to Cape Charles Light , Virginia . It 's also in effect for the Pamlico and Albemarle Sounds and the lower Chesapeake Bay south of New Point Comfort , Virginia . Such a warning means that tropical storm conditions -- with sustained winds in excess of 39 mph -- are likely within the next 36 hours . The forecast calls for Andrea to keep its strength "  during the next day or so  before losing  its tropical characteristics by Saturday , " the hurricane center says . Fast facts on hurricane season Andrea chugged inland over northern Florida on Thursday night , with wind and rain bands "  spreading northward well ahead of the center , " the Miami-based center reported . The storm was then moving northeast at a 15 mph clip , with the forecast calling for it to move along even faster as it enters overnight into southeastern Georgia and eventually moves northeastward along the East Coast . The projected path is similar to Tropical Storm Debby nearly a year ago . Debby dumped up to 2 feet of rain onto the low-lying region , causing extensive flooding in some coastal towns . "  The combination of a storm surge and the tide will cause normally dry areas near the coast to be flooded by rising waters , " warns the hurricane center in its forecast . Hurricane statistics to know CNN meteorologists Sean Morris and Ivan Cabrera , and CNN 's Holly Yan and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Woman is hospitalized after being hit by debris that crashes through window Flash flood watches extend up the East Coast , from Florida to Maine Washington and New York are among the cities that may see Andrea-related flooding The forecast warns rains and storm surges could cause problems in coastal areas
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Oasis front man Noel Gallagher has quit the rock group after a fallout with his bandmate brother , he announced late Friday . "  It 's with some sadness and great relief to tell you that I quit Oasis tonight , " Noel Gallagher said in a brief statement on the band 's Web site . "  People will write and say what they like , but I simply could not go on working with Liam a day longer . " Noel Gallagher is the band 's lead guitarist and songwriter , and Liam Gallagher is the lead singer . The band is currently on a European tour for its album , "  Dig Out Your Soul . " Noel Gallagher apologized to fans who had bought tickets for upcoming gigs in France , Germany and Italy . Oasis had to cancel its headlining performance at the V Festival in Britain over the weekend because Liam Gallagher said he was sick and could n't sing . He later apologized for the cancellation and quashed rumors that it was the band 's last-ever British gig . Disputes between the brothers have been in the public eye in the past , but never before has one of the brothers gone so far as to leave the band . Oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album , "  Definitely Maybe , " which contained the band 's first major hit , "  Supersonic . " The follow-up , "  What 's the Story  Morning Glory ? " produced one of group 's most famous tracks , "  Wonderwall . " The Manchester band was one of the pioneers of the Britpop movement of the early '90s , along with British band Blur .	Never before has one of the brothers gone so far as to leave the band Oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album , "  Definitely Maybe " The band was one of the pioneers of Britpop , along with Blur
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Patricia Cornwell began writing thriller novels , she ruled the world of forensic science . "  I 'm very interested in what motivates people , why they do what they do , how they do it , " Patricia Cornwell said . "  I could treat readers in each book to some new aspect that they would n't be familiar with , " Cornwell said . Now the author is bombarded with "  CSI " - like information from every side -- from "  Bones " to "  Forensic Files " to , well , "  CSI . " "  It 's like you create this monster and find out it 's living in the house with you , and it 's banished you to a room because it has more power than you , " she said . Cornwell knew she had to adapt to the changing entertainment climate . "  One of the questions I really did ask myself was , ` What 's the one thing I have no one else does ? ' " The answer was chief medical examiner Kay Scarpetta , Cornwell 's heroine . Scarpetta is independent , feisty and someone Cornwell knows better than she knows herself . To honor that close relationship , Cornwell decided to name her 16th book in the series after its main character , titling it simply "  Scarpetta . " "  I realized , here it is 2008 . I finished my first book 20 years ago in 1988 . This is a really big anniversary , " Cornwell said . In the novel , Scarpetta leaves South Carolina for New York , where the NYPD has asked her to examine an injured psychiatric patient . The patient has a graphic tale to tell -- one of paranoia and murder . The novelist said her books all have two things in common : First , of course , is a plot twist that allows Scarpetta to make a Sherlock Holmes-like deduction . The second is intriguing character interaction . "  What 's going on with them in this book ? What are they doing with or to each other ? Who 's in love ? Who is n't ? Who 's on the outs with whom ? Because I hope , in the end , -LSB- my books -RSB- are like high-level , crime soap operas . " With two decades of character history , Cornwell has a lot to work with in that area . But her books are also full of intellectual fodder . Scarpetta is a disciplined academic -- a scientist with a law degree . Cornwell spent six years working in a medical examiner 's office before writing her first book , and she continues to spend time with professionals to keep up on new forensic technology . In recent weeks she has researched an autopsy in Florida and worked with the National Forensic Academy . If she 's going to write about trace evidence , she believes , she 's going to go to a trace evidence lab . "  I was never a scientific person , " Cornwell said . "  When I got interested in science I had to learn it after the fact ... and that was good because I had already learned how to describe things , how to ask questions the audience would want answered . I was much better able to translate things into a language someone else could grasp . " Her dedication to understanding her subject translates into other areas as well . Cornwell became a helicopter pilot , a certified scuba diver and qualified for a motorcycle license , all because she was writing about characters who were doing those things . Fans appreciate Cornwell 's enthusiasm and writing style , pushing 12 of her novels onto USA Today 's best-seller lists . But Cornwell said "  Scarpetta " is actually more uplifting than her last couple of books , which took on a more twisted aura . "  I 'm glad because I think we live in very dark times and no one wants to read a depressing book now . " Still , Cornwell has been delving deeper into her characters ' minds with each new book , and "  Scarpetta " wo n't alter that trend . "  I 'm very interested in what motivates people , why they do what they do , how they do it , " she said . "  It probably has something to do with where I am in life . I 'm 52 years old and I think differently than I did at 42 . " Fans have asked if this is Cornwell 's last book in the series -- noting that the title "  Scarpetta " is very ominous-sounding . But she promises to keep writing as long as the characters let her . "  It 's certainly not by intention to be the last book , " she said . "  I wanted to make this a very special book . I decided that early in the writing process . I wanted to make it longer , a richer book , a feast for the fans . So no , this is n't the last book about Scarpetta . " Which sounds , well , ominous . Kay Scarpetta , watch out .	Patricia Cornwell releases 16th book about Kay Scarpetta called "  Scarpetta " Scarpetta leaves South Carolina for new case in New York Cornwell enjoys exploring her characters ' minds and criminal psychology Author still spends time researching forensic science
CNN  -- As a teenager who basically lives at Disney World , Lily Mock has been on virtually every ride at the Florida amusement park . But no ride has been as surprising as the monorail from Magic Kingdom to Epcot center . A power outage Sunday evening forced the evacuation of about 120 passengers from the monorail , Disney spokeswoman Jacquee Wahler said . She said weather caused the power outage , but it did not appear a lightning strike was responsible . Lily said the sky was filled with dark clouds when she , her parents and siblings boarded the monorail around 6 p.m. "  When we sat there , we heard a lot of thunder and saw a few bolts of lightning , " the 15-year-old said . Suddenly , with the monorail about 30 feet in the air , the train came to a halt . "  It was n't a jolting stop , but it did stop really fast -- the monorail glided to a stop , " Lily said . Without the air conditioner running , the train car got pretty hot over the next 90 minutes . As they waited for firefighters to help them off , the stranded visitors passed the time by chatting with each other and messaging friends . No one seemed to panic , Lily said . Firefighters later managed to pop open the top hatch of the train car -- but opted to escort passengers out through the doors , using a lift . That actually disappointed Lily . "  I kind of wanted to go through the top , I thought it 'd be fun , " she said . Despite the mishap , Lily said she 'll definitely be back -- especially after getting free passes for the inconvenience . And for a teen who visits Disney World at least three times a year , the experience was actually pretty cool . "  I just kept saying this is the most exclusive ride , having to evacuate the monorail , " Lily said . Her mother , Melissa Mock , has been visiting Disney World since she was 8 years old . She describes the family as a bunch of "  Disney-philes " and did n't mind the surprise at all . "  It was the single most exciting thing that 's happened to us since we 've been visiting in 30 years , " she said . Six Flags coaster car derails , 4 injured Dozens stuck for 4 hours in SeaWorld San Diego ride after power failure CNN 's Brian Carberry and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	About 120 passengers were evacuated on the monorail to Epcot They were stuck on the train for about 90 minutes , a passenger says "  It was the single most exciting thing that 's happened to us " there , a guest says
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg survived an investigation by race stewards to claim a controversial pole position for the Monaco Grand Prix Saturday ahead of disgruntled Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton . They ruled there was "  no evidence of any offence " after several hours of mulling over an incident which happened at the back end of the qualifying session . Both men were on their last flying laps when Rosberg lost control of his car and took to the escape road at Mirabeau . Hamilton , who was behind him and two hundredths of a second ahead on the first sector timings , was forced to slow up as yellow flags were waived and eventually abandoned his effort . It meant Rosberg 's one minute 15.989 clocking from his penultimate run gave him first place on the grid , with Hamilton 0.059 seconds slower from a previous effort . But it left Hamilton clearly fuming and insisting at the post-qualifying press conference that he was "  on target " to take pole before his teammate went off . Rosberg claimed he had "  tried to push just that little bit more and went over the edge , " refuting any suggestion that it had been a deliberate ploy to deny Hamilton his chance of pole . The German , who lives in Monte Carlo , was nevertheless delighted to have taken pole on the famous circuit for the second straight year . "  I 'm really , really happy -- to be on pole at home is fantastic , it could n't be better , " he added . Behind the all-conquering Mercedes pair it was Australian Daniel Ricciardo who again got the better of Red Bull teammate and four-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel for third and fourth on the grid . Two-time former world champion Fernando Alonso will occupy the third row ahead of his Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen . Frenchman Jean-Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso and Danish rookie Kevin Magnussen of McLaren were seventh and eighth fastest . Another rookie , Russian Daniil Kvyat in the second Toro Rosso was ninth and Mexican Sergio Perez completed the top 10 for Force India . Hamilton leads Rosberg by three points in the title race after winning the last four races , but pole position on the tight street circuit in Monte Carlo virtually guarantees victory come Sunday 's race . Rosberg took the season-opener in Australia when Hamilton failed to finish , but has had to settle for second place to the Briton in the last four rounds , with signs of tension between the two men in their own private battle for the world championship . After the late incident the atmosphere in the interview area appeared distinctly frosty with 2008 champion Hamilton giving short answers to questions on the subject . Interactive : Experience the thrills of Monaco	Nico Rosberg on pole positon for Monaco Grand Prix Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton second quickest Daniel Ricciardo third on grid for Red Bull NEW : Rosberg cleared by race stewards of any infraction
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Brothers at the helm of a company that helped build Hong Kong 's skyline and the man who once was the city 's number two official were arrested in an investigation of a bribery case has shocked the former British colony . Thomas Kwok , 60 , and Raymond Kwok , 58 , and their families control Sun Hung Kai Properties , which built the city 's three tallest skyscrapers . The billionaires were taken into custody by the city 's Independent Commission Against Corruption . Share price Sun Hung Kai , the world 's second largest property developer by market capitalization , was down as much as 15 % in the first four hours of trading Friday , losing nearly $ 6 billion in market value . Kwok brothers arrested in raid According to local media , the ICAC also arrested Rafael Hui , 64 , who was Hong Kong 's Chief Secretary from 2005 to 2007 , and a former advisor to Sun Hung Kai . The trio was held for questioning , but has not been charged . The ICAC has n't released details of the case . Sun Hung Kai confirmed that the Kwok brothers were taken into custody . In a city where property is king , the sight of local royalty being taken into the ICAC headquarters riveted Hong Kong media , and comes at a time where the city 's reputation for transparency has been tainted by a number of scandals , most recently accusations against Chief Executive Donald Tsang that he got a sweetheart deal on an apartment and accepted private jet and yacht trips from businessmen . The arrest also comes on the heels of Hong Kong 's selection of a new Chief Executive last Sunday and protests about process , in which only 1,200 people representing the city 's elite -- including the two Kwoks -- are allowed to vote . The arrests "  strengthen the perception that government and business is too close , especially now it involves a former number two Hong Kong  politician  , " said David Webb , a corporate governance activist . "  It 's part of an overall pattern of increasingly suspicious behavior that is deeply upsetting to residents . " Who are the Kwoks ? The Kwok brothers and their family are the 27th richest in the world , with an estimated wealth of $ 18.3 billion , according to Forbes magazine . The family has controlling interest of Sun Hung Kai Properties , the world 's second largest property developer by market capitalization . The family wealth has grown as Hong Kong property values , fed by increased investment from mainland China , have skyrocketed . The company has developed properties in Mainland China and Singapore , and interests in telecommunications and bus companies in Hong Kong The Kwoks have been embroiled in a family dispute since 2008 , when they led a fight to oust brother Walter Kwok as chairman and chief executive . Thomas and Raymond became chairman and chief executive , respectively , while Walter Kwok remained a non-voting member of the board . "  I thought  the arrest  is probably a follow-on from the family split in 2008 ... it 's notable that Walter has not been arrested , " said Webb . According to court documents filed in 2008 during the family 's legal battle , Walter Kwok questioned contracts awarded "  to a select number of contractors , " as well as a land deal in the city 's New Territories . The Kwoks could n't be reached for comment . Noah 's Ark and a kidnapping The Kwoks developments include the International Commerce Center , International Finance Center and Central Plaza , which are the tallest buildings in Hong Kong and among the highest skyscrapers in the world . Besides their property empire , Thomas is known for his evangelical Christian views . The family was instrumental in the building of a theme park with a life-sized replica of Noah 's Ark -- a $ 103 million project funded by the Hong Kong government but run by Sun Hung Kai . The 450-foot long Ark was built to the specifications listed in the Bible , the architect told CNN in 2009 , and includes a restaurant , hotel and a coffin -- in which visitors are encouraged to lay down and think upon their life . Sun Hung Kai property Central Plaza also has a church in its 75th floor atrium . The Kwok family first became Hong Kong tabloid fodder in 1997 , when older brother Walter was kidnapped for a week before his family gave a ransom of more than $ 77 million . Hong Kong and corruption This latest scandal comes just weeks after Hong Kong newspapers reported that outgoing Chief Executive , Donald Tsang , allegedly received a sweetheart deal on a Shenzhen apartment from a mainland businessman , as well as taking private jet and yacht trips with other Chinese tycoons . Tsang has admitted taking some trips , but said he had paid his own way , and he received no break on the Shenzhen apartment . The arrests of the Tsang 's former second in command and the Kwok brothers is "  an earthquake " for Hong Kong 's business community , said Steve Vickers , a security expert and former head of the Hong Kong police Criminal Intelligence Bureau . "  Hong Kong is undoubtedly far less corrupt than any other city in Asia . It does have a very powerful anti-corruption legislation and it is regularly enforced , " Vickers said . "  But this particular case is so high profile ... the issue will be whether charges follow . " According to Transparency International 's 2011 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 12th least corrupt countries in the world -- the U.S. , by comparison , ranked 24th . The Kwoks will continue to run daily operation of Sun Hung Kai , according to the company board .	The arrest of two of the city 's leading tycoons has shocked Hong Kong Also arrested was the former second highest official in the bribery investigations Comes as a number of scandals question government and business ties Kwoks control the world 's second largest property developer by market cap
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It would be news enough in itself -- the departure of one of business education 's brightest young stars to the private sector -- but Joel Podolny 's announcement that he is to stand down as dean of the Yale School of Management carries a wider impact . Back to school ? An Apple store in downtown Munich , Germany Podolny , still only 43 and credited with helping applications to the school rise by 50 percent in his four-year tenure , is leaving to become the first ever dean of the so-called Apple University . The computer and tech company has yet to say exactly what Apple University is -- an Apple spokesman called it only an "  exciting new project " -- but many people assume it is likely to be an in-house executive education and training facility for employees . If confirmed , Podolny 's move highlights the way in which increasing numbers of corporations set up their own "  corporate universities , " designed to provide tailor-made training to staff . According to one academic study of the phenomenon , by 2001 there were already around 2,000 corporate universities around the world . These are not necessarily intended to replace MBAs or EMBAs at traditional business schools . They tend instead to be far more narrow in focus and specifically geared to the individual needs of the corporation in question . And yet , corporate universities have increasingly borrowed ideas and methods from business schools , a trend which with Podolny 's departure has now apparently extended to poaching staff . Podolny was seen as a hugely successful dean for Yale , overseeing a revamp of the school 's curriculum as well as a notable boost to its reputation . In an email to staff and students announcing his departure , Podolny spoke of his regret but said he had long harbored a passion for all things Apple . "  While there are many great companies , I can not think of one that has had as tremendous personal meaning for me as Apple , " he wrote . "  I remember writing my first computer program on an Apple II , remember pulling an all-nighter to watch the Laserwriter  attached to my 128K Mac  print my undergraduate thesis at seven minutes per page . " So what will the former professor of economic sociology , who was at the Stanford and Harvard schools before Yale , be doing at Apple ? The Yale Daily News quoted unnamed Apple "  company insiders " as saying Podolny would mastermind executive education programs within the computer company . This would not be a first for Silicon Valley . While the most famous corporate universities have been in industry and the service sectors , most notably the 47-year-old Hamburger University , which has trained generations of McDonald 's managers , technology firms have taken this idea a stage further . Animation film studio Pixar -- where Apple boss Steve Jobs was formerly CEO -- runs a huge range of courses for staff at its own corporate university . Pixar University is intended to teach more than just the nuts and bolts of modern day computer animation , but to inspire employees ' creativity with a wide range of classes , more than a dozen a week , which staff are permitted to miss work to attend . "  We offer the equivalent of a B.A. in fine arts through our courses , " says Pixar University 's dean , Randy Nelson .	Joel Podolny , dean of Yale School of Management , is to step down He is to head "  Apple University " at the tech firm of that name Observers predict this is going to be a "  corporate university " for staff
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday began his second visit to Spain , where he prayed at the tomb of an apostle and planned to consecrate one of Barcelona 's most famous sights -- the distinctive Gaudi-designed Sagrada Familia church . The pope 's first stop on his two-day trip is Santiago de Compostela , in Spain 's northwestern tip , an important pilgrimage site for centuries . The cathedral there was built 900 years ago atop what is said to be the tomb of St. James , an apostle of Jesus . After praying there , the pope presided over a Eucharist in the square outside , to celebrate the city 's jubilee year . "  I come as a pilgrim on this Compostelean Saint Year ... I want to join to that long line of men and women that all over the centuries had come to -LSB- Santiago de -RSB- Compostela from different places on the peninsula and Europe , " the pontiff said at the airport earlier in the day . Saturday night , the pope planned to head all the way across Spain to Barcelona , the Catalan city on the Mediterranean . Barcelona is home to the Sagrada Familia , or "  holy family , " church , still being built after more than 100 years . Benedict is expected to designate the church a basilica , a special honor in Roman Catholicism . Antoni Gaudi , a Catalan architect , only lived to see one tower and most of one facade finished by the time he died in 1926 . "  The interior space of the church , the sacred space of the church , is finished , and for that , the pope comes here to consecrate the church , " said Jordi Fauli , the deputy architect . Gaudi planned the church to have 18 towers -- 12 for the apostles and the tallest for Jesus . Only eight are finished . Fauli said the privately-financed work may be done by 2026 , on the 100th anniversary of Gaudi 's death . Asked once why it was taking so long to finish the Sagrada Familia , Gaudi replied , according to his assistants , "  My client -- meaning God -- is not in a hurry . "	He visits Santiago de Compostela and plans trip to Barcelona The pope prays at the tomb of the apostle James He also plans to consecrate the Sagrada Familia church
