Washington  CNN  -- First Lady Michelle Obama will lead the U.S. delegation to the opening ceremonies of the London Olympics in July , she said Tuesday . Obama announced her London trip at an event Tuesday with Samantha Cameron , the wife of visiting British Prime Minister David Cameron . Obama also used the meeting to promote her "  Let 's Move " initiative that tackles the national epidemic of childhood obesity by recommending physical activity . "  In the months ahead , I 'll be talking to Americans all across the country to encourage even more young people to tap into that Olympic spirit and turn their inspiration into action , " Obama said in a statement . "  As the Olympic creed states , ` the most important thing ... is not to win , but to take part . ' And that does n't just mean sitting and watching , it means getting up and getting active as well , " the first lady said . The White House will announce in coming months the delegates who will accompany Obama to London . Other first ladies have led a presidential delegation to past Olympic Games . The 2012 Summer Olympic Games ' opening ceremony will take place on July 27 . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Michelle Obama will be urging Americans to "  turn their inspiration into action " She will lead the U.S. delegation to the opening of the London Olympics The opening ceremony takes place in British capital on July 27
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- A charter flight carrying family members of U.S. military service members serving in Japan landed Thursday on U.S. soil in Denver . The flight contained 144 people who voluntarily left Japan in the wake of the catastrophic earthquake and tsunami and ongoing concerns about the crippled Fukushima Daichi nuclear power plant . Weary from a 14-hour journey , the families and 18 pets filed into a hangar converted into a welcome center . Representatives from all four branches of the military and Red Cross volunteers were on hand to give them food and water and help get them to their final destinations around the country . About half of the passengers were children who immediately set about playing in a dragon-shaped "  moonbounce " and by tossing footballs around with the service members on hand to help . One of the parents was Airman 1st Class Megan Pencook of the Air Force , clutching her 5-week-old son , Adrian . Pencook is stationed at Yokota Air base near Tokyo . She was holding her son when the earthquake hit . "  I felt huge shaking . I was feeding my son and just holding him to me and trying to remember what earthquake safety was . I was shaking so bad , " Pencook said . "  It was the scariest experience of my life . " The child ยน s father is an Air Force airman serving in Korea . He wanted them to leave riight after the earthquake , but Pencook wanted to stay in Japan , a country she has grown to love . "  Then I heard of radiation positioning in the water in Tokyo and I said , ` It 's time to go , " she said . When she landed in Denver there were service members on hand to help her with Adrian and make sure she had whatever she might need . "  It feels so good to know that in a crisis , your military family is there for you , " she said . The chartered Delta jet first touched down in Seattle where all aboard were screened for radiation . "  Every international flight is monitored and there have been no significant amounts of radiation , " said Army Col. Marc Hutson . As the afternoon wore on , the hangar resembled a children 's birthday party as much as a military operation . Footballs flying , moon-bouncers bouncing and dogs chasing each other . Hutson took in the scene with a smile . "  It 's awesome . These are our families ; this could be my family coming back . Morale is high , " he said .	A charter flight brings 144 Americans home from Japan The passengers are family members of U.S. military personnel serving in Japan Megan Pencook returns with her 5-week-old son The quake was "  the scariest experience of my life , " she says
CNN  -- Barcelona star Andres Iniesta unwrapped an early Christmas present Monday as he inked a new deal with the Spanish football club . The 29-year-old added an extension to his current deal that will see him stay with his boyhood club until the end of June 2018 . "  Today is a magical day ! " Iniesta wrote on his Twitter page . "  My life and my club ... Thank you for the love you have given me since I arrived at 12 years old . " Iniesta , regarded as one of the global game 's most gifted and versatile players , was first spotted by Barcelona scouts in 1996 . He soon left his home to train with the Barcelona youth academy and made his debut for the first team in 2002 . Since then Iniesta has become one of Barcelona 's stars as part of a side that has won six Spanish league titles , lifted Spain 's Copa del Rey twice and won the European Champions League title three times . A key international player , he also scored the only goal in a tense 2010 World Cup final to give Spain a narrow victory over the Netherlands . The 29-year-old brought along his parents and daughter Valeria to help him celebrate the start of a new era with Barcelona as he signed the deal at the club 's offices . Barcelona said in a statement on its website : "  Iniesta was due to end his contract in 2015 . This extension until 2018 means the FC Barcelona midfielder will have spent more than half of his life on the club 's books . "  From 2017/18 , his contract will be automatically extended provided he has appeared in a certain number of matches over the course of the season just ended . " Switzerland future planning The main protagonists in international football may be focused on next year 's World Cup but Switzerland is already planning for life after Brazil . With coach Ottmar Hitzfeld bowing out after the World Cup , the world No. 8 team has named Lazio manager Vladimir Petkovic as his successor . The Swiss Football Association said in a statement that the 50-year-old would take over on 1 July 2014 but that if he guided Switzerland to the 2016 Euros his deal would continue until the end of the European championships . Petkovic , who describes himself as a Swiss Bosnian-Croat , began his career in the former state of Yugoslavia as an attacking midfielder before continuing his playing career in Switzerland , where he also turned to coaching . Many of Switzerland 's squad also come from the country 's Balkan migrant community . Petkovic , who has been in charge of Italian club Lazio since 2012 , said of his new appointment : "  It has never been easy for anyone to follow Ottmar Hitzfeld . "  It will not be easy for me , but I am absolutely convinced of the potential of the players and the team . This quality will also help me . I firmly believe that we can succeed together . "	Andres Iniesta agrees a new deal with Spanish soccer club Barcelona until 2018 The 29-year-old midfield star joined the Spanish club when he was just 12 Iniesta said signing the new deal was a "  magical day " Swtizerland announce Vladimir Petkovic as its new manager from July 2014
CNN  -- The scandal-hit Olympus Corp. will appoint a board to decide whether the Japanese company should take legal action and file criminal complaints against executives who helped hide $ 1.7 billion in losses , the company president said Wednesday . The comments from Olympus President Shuichi Takayama come a day after the findings of a scathing independent panel report that suggested the Japanese company "  should remove its malignant cancer . "  The management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it , " the panel 's report said . The panel , led by a former Japanese Supreme Court judge , detailed $ 1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s by the camera and medical equipment maker . The report , issued Tuesday , blasted the culture of the company that allowed the losses to be disguised in dubious fees and overvalued payments for companies , as well as the tight control of former company Chairman Tsuyoshi Kikukawa . Olympus has lost half its share value in the wake of the October 14 firing of former CEO Michael Woodford , the first foreigner to lead the company , after Woodford questioned the company 's accounting . After Woodford went public with his claims , the company 's share value dropped by as much as 75 % . Three former executives , including Kikukawa , have since resigned from the company 's management . "  One had to be prepared to be kicked out of the company in order to make objection even if it was the right thing to do  this is also apparent in how Woodford was treated  , " the panel wrote in its report . The panel reiterated its earlier announcement that their investigation found no link to "  anti-social forces , " a euphemism to Japanese organized crime . Company officials said in a statement that the report "  includes both new revelations and recommendations on the future management of Olympus  and  will be taken into serious consideration by the company . " The independent panel recommended the resignation of the entire Olympus board . Takayama said at Wednesday 's press conference that he and the board will resign but not until the "  exact responsibilities " of wrongdoing are revealed by investigators . Resignations and changes to company management would likely come after a shareholder 's meeting sometime in February . The company faces a December 14 deadline to resubmit its financial statement to the Tokyo Stock Exchange or face delisting . Company officials have repeatedly said they will turn in the required documents before next week 's deadline . The Olympus saga started with a five-page expose in Japanese magazine FACTA -- a small circulation magazine that has only nine people on staff -- on July 20 that raised questions over advisory fees of $ 687 million paid in 2008 for the purchase of Gyrus , a UK medical instruments firm . The article also questioned the $ 773 million paid for three small Japanese companies -- a face cream maker , a plastic container maker and a recycling business , each with fewer than 50 employees . Woodford has led a public campaign since his dismissal to get rid of the company board , and has said he would return to run the company if asked . "  The panel 's report has made one thing painfully clear : the massive scale of the malfeasance from which the present directors and statutory auditors persistently averted their gaze , " Woodford said in a statement . "  I sought to call attention to the wrongdoing through a series of six letters in English and Japanese , copied to all the members of the board , and through the submission of a damning report by Price Waterhouse Coopers . Yet not a single director stood up in support of my efforts to expose what had taken place . " Takayama said the board will decide whether to bring Woodford back at the next shareholders meeting . "  Woodford did what we all could n't do , so we praise him for that , " Takayama said . Freelance producer Nicolas Ito contributed to this report	NEW : Olympus board will appoint a panel to decide on legal action against ex-executives An independent panel report said Olympus Corp. "  should remove its malignant cancer " The panel detailed $ 1.7 billion of hidden losses from failed investments in the 1990s Report : "  The management was rotten to the core , and infected those around it "
CNN  -- A victim of Washington state 's notorious "  Green River Killer " has been identified 29 years after her disappearance , when a relative saw a TV movie about the serial murderer in April and family members gave DNA samples to investigators , authorities said Tuesday . The victim was Sandra Denise Major of Rochester , New York , who was a 20-year-old prostitute when she got into a truck on December 22 , 1982 , and was never seen again , said Sgt. Cindi West of the King County , Washington , sheriff 's office . Gary Leon Ridgway , dubbed the Green River serial killer , pleaded guilty in 2003 to killing 48 women , including Major , though her remains had n't been identified at the time , West said . The 48 guilty pleas gave Ridgway more murder convictions -- though not necessarily more slayings -- than any other serial killer in U.S. history . Watch : Inside the mind of the ` Green River Killer ' In 2011 , he pleaded guilty to a 49th murder , in a plea deal to avoid the death penalty . Ridgway , 63 , is serving life sentences without parole in Washington State Penitentiary in Walla Walla , Washington , corrections spokeswoman Judi Feliciano said Tuesday . "  The family said that one of the cousins was watching a movie that re-enacted the catching of the Green River Killer , " West said , referring to the two-part Lifetime network movie "  The Capture of the Green River Killer . " Ridgway killed mainly runaways and prostitutes in the Seattle-Tacoma area between 1982 and 1998 . The first victims turned up near the banks of the Green River south of Seattle , giving the killer his criminal nickname . "  Since  Major  was last known to be in Seattle and ... she was working as a prostitute ,  her family  contacted detectives , " West said . Major 's family released a public statement thanking investigators "  for working together to bring closure to our family . " "  We are grateful to finally know what happened to Sandra after all these years , " the family statement said . "  We were aware of the lifestyle Sandra lived but she was still a part of our family . We last saw Sandra here in New York in 1982 . We received a letter from her in 1982 with a Seattle postmark but no return address . We never heard from her again and did not know what happened to her . "  Recently one of Sandra 's cousins saw a television show about the Green River Killer . We learned that the remains of some of the victims had not been identified . Since the last contact with Sandra had been the letter from Seattle , we decided to make contact with investigators to see if Sandra was one of the unidentified victims , " the family statement said . Two days after Major got into the truck , her disappearance was reported by a friend , on December 24 , 1982 , West said On December 30 , 1985 , at the Mountain View Cemetery in Auburn , Washington , authorities found remains that were determined this week as belonging to Major , West said . Also found in the area of the cemetery site were the remains of two other women , though not at the same time that Major 's remains were discovered , West said . One of those sets of remains belonged to Kimi Pitsor , and the other remains are still unidentified , West said . A total of three sets of remains in the Ridgway case have yet to be unidentified , West said . "  If we can get someone who knew the last three to come forward with some missing person DNA , that would be awesome , " West said . 2010 : Look back at ` Green River Killer ' CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	A cousin watches Lifetime 's "  The Capture of the Green River Killer " in April The family recalls how Sandra Denise Major went missing in Seattle in 1982 Major 's remains are identified after family members give DNA samples Gary Leon Ridgway admitted killing 49 persons , mainly runaways and prostitutes
President Barack Obama dismissed criticism he does n't spend enough time developing relationships with Washington deal-makers who can help push his agenda forward . In an exclusive interview with CNN chief White House correspondent Jessica Yellin , Obama said he is determined to make time for his family . "  Sometimes Michelle and I not doing the circuit and going out to dinners with folks is perceived as us being cool , " Obama said . "  It actually really has more to do with us being parents . " The president has been criticized from all sides for failing to achieve more bipartisanship , especially given his 2008 campaign pledge to bridge partisan and ideological divides once in office . Some of the president 's frustrated allies have complained that a seeming reluctance to build relationships with more members of Congress and Washington insiders has made it difficult for him to get business done . Romney gets more personal In the interview , which will air as part of the documentary "  Obama Revealed : The Man , The President , " Obama suggested he is willing to build those relationships , but often turns down social engagements because he prioritizes time at home with his children . "  Sometimes on the weekends , we may turn down the invitation to this or that or the other just because we 're trying to carve out family time , " Obama said . "  And I think that 's sometimes interpreted as me not wanting to be out there slapping backs and wheeling and dealing . That really has more to do with just the stage we are in our lives . " Asked if things would change if he 's elected to a second term , Obama said , "  My hope is that getting past this election , people will have an opportunity to maybe step back and say , ` You know what ? The differences that divide us are n't as important as the common bonds we have as Americans . ' " "  And some of that I 'm sure will require additional effort on my part . Hopefully , we 'll see more effort on the other side , as well , " he added . David Maraniss , who penned biographies of former President Bill Clinton and Obama , said the current president "  is not going to become this great transactional politician , " like Clinton . "  Bill Clinton was imbalanced . He would spend the hours between 6:00 and 9:00  p.m.  talking to people in Congress , " Maraniss said . "  Whereas President Obama is basically with his family during those hours , which is sort of a balanced thing to do but not necessarily good for a president . " One of the president 's closest friends and aides , Valerie Jarrett , said Obama "  wants to be the kind of dad he never had . " The president has been slammed by Republicans for what they consider an unwillingness to compromise , particularly in legislative matters . Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine , who worked closely with the president early in his term , said she is not sure Obama "  truly understands the relationship and interaction that occurs between the president and the legislative branch . " "  Somehow , he thinks , well , the Congress is , you know , that 's their job and this is my job , " Snowe said . "  But we have to really interact with one another , ultimately , to get the job done for the country . " The president said he repeatedly reached out across the aisle in the hope of achieving bipartisan solutions , even at the expense of condemnation from members of his own party . It was the GOP , he said , that made reaching across party lines nearly impossible . "  If anything , I think I received a lot of criticism from my own party for going out of my way to try to solicit Republican cooperation , " Obama said . "  The fact of the matter was that politically there was a decision that was made fairly early on , among some of their leadership , that said working with the president is not good politics . "	Obama has been criticized for failing to build relationships with Washington insiders Clinton spent evenings talking to lawmakers ; Obama spends that time with family , biographer says "  It actually really has more to do with us being parents , " he says of turning down dinner invites
A U.S. drone mistakenly targeted a wedding convoy in Yemen 's al-Baitha province after intelligence reports identified the vehicles as carrying al Qaeda militants , two Yemeni national security officials told CNN on Thursday . The officials said that 14 people were killed and 22 others injured , nine in critical condition . The vehicles were traveling near the town of Radda when they were attacked . "  This was a tragic mistake and comes at a very critical time . None of the killed was a wanted suspect by the Yemeni government , " said a top Yemeni national security official who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to talk to media . U.S. officials declined to comment on the report . The convoy consisted of 11 vehicles , and the officials said that four of the vehicles were targeted in the strikes . Two of the vehicles were completely damaged . Among the killed were two prominent tribal leaders within the province . Residents in Radda were outraged about the attack and called on the Yemeni government to put an end of drone strikes in their region . "  More than 50 innocent civilians in our town have been killed by drones , " said Abdullah al-Kabra , an eyewitness to the drone strike . "  All those who were killed were supportive of the governments anti-terror campaign . That will surely not be the case of their tribes and families if the government does not strongly intervene , " he added . Yemeni security experts have argued that drones have on numerous occasions have directly played into al Qaeda 's favor , turning peaceful tribal communities into vengeful killers . "  The attack proved the need for tighter control and regulations as far as drones are concerned . At times , they have proved deadly and destructive to civilians , " said Abdul Salam Mohammed , the president of the Sanaa-based Abaad Studies & Research Center . The drone operation in Yemen is part of a joint U.S.-Yemeni campaign against al Qaeda . Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi has vowed to continue attacks against terror elements until they surrender their arms . Militants attack hospital at Defense Ministry , killing 52	Two national security officials from Yemen confirm to CNN the deadly drone strike Intelligence reports indicated convoy vehicles carried al Qaeda militants , they say Yemeni security official : "  This was a tragic mistake and comes at a very critical time " Outraged residents in the region call on Yemeni leaders to put an end of drone strikes
Four New York-area men were arrested Monday after a BASE jumping stunt from atop One World Trade Center in September , police said . The charges against James Brady , Kyle Hartwell , Marko Markovich and Andrew Rossig included burglary , reckless endangerment and jumping from a structure , according to a statement issued by NYPD Commissioner William Bratton . "  These men violated the law and placed themselves , as well as others , in danger , " Bratton said . "  These arrests should send a message to anyone thinking about misusing a landmark this way . " Three of the men are accused of climbing the nation 's tallest building on September 30 and parachuting more than 1,300 feet off the skyscraper , said attorney Timothy Parlatore , who is representing Rossig . Hartwell is accused of keeping lookout at the base of the tower during the stunt , Parlatore said . Video footage of the early morning jump shows the men deploying their parachutes and flying down to a secluded spot on a nearby highway , according to Parlatore , who said he 's seen the video . "  They were very professional , very controlled . There was nothing haphazard or reckless about it , "  he said . At the time of the incident , Brady was a construction worker assigned to work at the One World Trade Center site , police said . The men snuck into the area through a hole in a fence , said Parlatore . "  One of the first things my client said to me was that how surprised he was at how there was no security whatsoever -- how easy it was to just walk right up there in something that the mayor has just recently described as the No. 1 terrorist target in the world , " he said . Investigators reviewed video footage from around One World Trade Center , as well as other electronic and photographic evidence . A search of the men 's homes last month produced video footage of the jump , police said . One World Trade Center is rising in the shadows of the original World Trade Center , where the twin towers were felled by two hijacked airplanes on September 11 , 2001 , in the deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil . The charges come less than a week after a 16-year-old boy from New Jersey was arrested on trespassing charges at the skyscraper . Justin Casquejo is accused of sneaking past security and climbing to the top of the building . Police said Casquejo also snuck in through a hole in a fence to get into the One World Trade Center site . It is unclear whether it was the same hole in a fence that the BASE jumpers said they used , said Parlatore . BASE is an acronym for building , antenna , span , earth . It was not known Monday night when the men would be arraigned . "  The Port Authority joins the NYPD in condemning this lawless and selfish act that clearly endangered the public , " Port Authority Chief Security Officer Joseph Dunne said in a statement . "  It should be clear that the PAPD and NYPD will go to any length to bring those who defile the WTC site to justice . " The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey owns the trade center site .	BASE jumping incident from skyscraper occurred in September Defense attorney says video of jump shows men deploying parachutes , gliding down to road Arrest comes after N.J. teen was arrested on trespassing charges at skyscraper
CNN  -- Lawyers for New York Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez have until Friday to respond to a letter from the Major League Baseball Players Association seeking a dismissal of Rodriguez 's lawsuit claiming the union did not adequately represent him . The lawsuit stems from Rodriguez 's recent 162-game steroid suspension and his efforts to get a Manhattan federal court to throw out the record-setting penalty . The players union , which represented Rodriguez in his arbitration proceeding , claims in the letter that the "  union 's forceful advocacy " was demonstrated by the reduction of his suspension from the 211 games sought by MLB , among other things . In a four-page letter addressed to U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos , dated Thursday , the union asked the court to throw out the claim against the union because Rodriguez "  does not allege facts sufficient to overturn the -LSB- Arbitration -RSB- Award " and failed to provide evidence of a breach of the union 's duties in representing him . A spokesman for Rodriguez , Ron Berkowitz , declined to comment Tuesday . In a federal lawsuit filed Jan. 13 , Rodriguez accused the players union of acting in "  bad faith " in representing him during the arbitration process . Rodriguez filed the lawsuit in New York 's Southern District court against Major League Baseball and the union in an effort to get back on the field next season . The players union has denied that allegation . A pre-motion conference is set for February 14 , and Rodriguez 's lawyers were ordered to respond to the union 's letter one week before . CNN sought comment from Rodriguez 's lawyers but has not received a response . The suspension will not only cost Rodriguez $ 25 million in salary , but it also further clouds the groundbreaking career of a player who 'll turn 40 in the 2015 season . Rodriguez , one of 14 players suspended in the Biogenesis scandal , was the only one who appealed his suspension . Though he was suspended in August , Rodriguez played out the 2013 season because of the appeal . Rodriguez , 38 , is fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , just six homers behind Willie Mays . Rodriguez has claimed he was the target of a MLB "  witch hunt . "	MLB Players Association seeks dismissal of Alex Rodriguez lawsuit Lawsuit stems from Rodriguez 's 162-game doping suspension Union claims its "  forceful advocacy " got suspension reduced from 211 games
CNN  -- E-books are revolutionizing the publishing industry and reader preferences , and Amazon might be in a unique position to hasten that change -- if they decide to start giving away their popular Kindle e-reader for free . Here 's why they might want to do that . Last year , nearly $ 1 billion in e-books were sold , according to Forrester . By 2015 , this is expected to jump to $ 3 billion . That 's an awful lot of money to be made selling e-books . At that point , selling e-readers at any price might just become an obstacle to selling more e-books . So why not just give away some e-readers for free ? Back in October 2009 , blogger John Walkenbach noticed that the Kindle price -- currently $ 139 -- was falling steadily . By June 2010 this rate was so consistent that he projected that by November 2011 the Kindle price should be $ 0 . Last summer , author Kevin Kelly asked Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos about this projection . According to Kelly , Bezos "  merely smiled and said , ` Oh , you noticed that ! ' And then smiled again . " In a way , Amazon has already been giving away Kindles for awhile -- in the form of the free Kindle smartphone , tablet , and computer apps . Right now , about 6 million U.S. adults own e-readers -- but this field is getting much more crowded . According to recent research from Changewave , Kindle currently holds 47 % of the e-reader market . Apple 's iPad  which is much more than an e-reader , so I 'm not sure that 's a fair comparison  holds only 32 % of this market . Sony 's Reader , at 5 % , is just barely leading the Barnes & Noble Nook , at 4 % . Plus , Google recently acquired eBook Technologies , Inc. , so it 'll be interesting to see what that yields on the e-reader front . The Kindle 's core business model has always been to sell books , not devices . So a free Kindle seems like a potentially savvy business move . Forrester analyst James McQuivey recently noted : "  Just 7 % of online adults who read books read e-books . But that 7 % happens to be a very attractive bunch : they read the most books and spend the most money on books . And here 's the kicker : the average e-book reader already consumes 41 % of books in digital form . "  Oh , and that includes the people who do n't have an e-reader yet , which is nearly half of them . For those that have a Kindle or other e-reader , they read 66 % of their books digitally . McQuivey believes the e-book market has plenty of room for growth and will , by conservative estimates , reach $ 3 billion by the middle of the decade . All e-readers , including the Kindle , have their pros and cons -- not the least of which are concerns about digital rights management , and whether you can loan or sell your used e-books . But if Amazon does n't offer free e-readers , someone certainly will . I 'm sure Amazon wishes to maintain its market lead . Here are three ways they might do that : 1 . Buy X number of Kindle books , get a Kindle free And maybe the Kindle books you 've already bought to read on your phone , tablet , or computer might count toward that benchmark . 2 . Free Kindles for Amazon Prime members Millions of Amazon.com customers already pay $ 79/year to get free two-day shipping on many items , plus  now  free video streaming . TechCrunch speculated on this a year ago . 3 . Partner Kindle giveaways Already some banks have started giving away Kindles to customers . But here 's a more intriguing option , from the London Review of Books : "  The New York Times , if it stopped printing a physical edition of the paper , could afford to give every subscriber a free Kindle . "  Not the standard Kindle , but the one with free global data access . And not just one Kindle , but four Kindles . And not just once , but every year . And that 's using the low estimate for the costs of -LSB- their -RSB- printing . " Personally , I think free e-reader devices , if they worked with library e-book lending programs  like the one in Oakland , California  and open e-book formats  like . mobi and . pdf  -- could help increase access to books for youths , seniors and low-income communities . For many in these groups , smartphones and tablets are too expensive or complicated , and it 's not always easy to get to the public library -- especially if , as in Oakland and Los Angeles , public library hours are being steadily whittled away . As a matter of fact , I 'm writing this article sitting in the former card catalog room of Doheny Library on the campus of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . It 's a gorgeous space , all four walls lined with built-in wooden card catalog drawers , stacked six feet high . Every one of those drawers is empty . Like in most libraries today , students now search the library catalog from computer terminals . But they still must go to the shelves to get their books . With free e-readers , maybe libraries could be everywhere , and open all the time . Hmm , maybe Amazon would n't like that so much . But if their e-book market was big enough , they probably would n't care . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Amazon is in a unique position to hasten the change in the publishing industry Selling e-readers at any price might just become an obstacle to selling more e-books The Kindle price has fallen steadily anyway since it came on the market
CNN  -- Alain Bonny knows his mother survived the earthquake in Haiti , but he does n't know where she is staying right now . Nevertheless , the American college student is going to resist searching for her when he leads a group of students into Haiti in May . "  I 'm dying to go to Port-au-Prince right now , " said Bonny , 22 , a Pennsylvania State University senior in chemistry who lost three cousins in the January 12 earthquake . He was told that his mother and other family members moved "  to the countryside , " but he does n't know whether she 's in a house or under a tarp . Because Penn State 's Project Haiti is a student-led organization without chaperones , Bonny is responsible for all 25 people on the trip , "  and I do n't feel that -LSB- searching for his family -RSB- is the best course of action for us . " Bonny said he 'll go back on his own during the summer "  to do what I can in Port-au-Prince and to seek out my family . " Project Haiti had planned to visit the Maison Fortune orphanage near the central town of Hinche during spring break in March , but the earthquake forced the group to wait until the week between final exams and graduation . "  It never occurred to me that I should n't go . It made me more determined to go , " said Penn State psychology senior Liz Stock , 21 , of Reading , Pennsylvania . "  Originally the plan was to go over spring break , and I 'd never had an interest in going anywhere where it was just about lying around and partying , and that 's not me at all , " she added . "  So I wanted to do something that would actually be worthwhile over my break . " Stock 's roommate , Kelly Songer , 21 , of Emporium , Pennsylvania , desires to bring hope and encouragement to Maison Fortune . Songer , a senior business student , said she wants "  to go there and help children and to see them smile and have them feel like someone loves them and someone cares about them . And also to show them there 's more to the world than where they are right now , and they can do whatever they want to do . " Each Penn State student will bring to the orphanage two suitcases stuffed with clothes and other supplies for the children . The group holds fundraisers throughout the school year and a "  packing party " shortly before departure . Project Haiti was founded in 1997 by the Rev. Fred Byrne as part of the Catholic ministry he led on campus . The project is no longer affiliated with the church , which several years ago reassigned Byrne to an abbey in Latrobe , Pennsylvania . "  I 'm a cheerleader on the sidelines , " Byrne said . " ... Our culture has such a lack of faith in young people , but there 's a lot of good stuff happening out there . " Bonny , who will participate in Teach for America after graduation , has been to Maison Fortune twice before . "  We drive into the complex , and all the kids are waiting for us . It 's almost like a parade , like we 're important , " he said . " ... It 's an absolutely awesome experience . It 's like elephants ; they will not forget you . And if you make a promise , they will hold you to that . I owe someone an iPod . " Penn State alumna Katie Burkhardt made the trip in 2000 and became president of Project Haiti the following year . She was on a long-delayed return visit to an orphanage in Port-au-Prince with her mother when the earthquake struck in January . "  The ground started to convulse ; I thought we were being attacked at first , " she said . Burkhardt helped the Missionaries of Charity nuns comfort the children and provide first aid to victims before she and her mother got a flight out on January 14 . "  It was kind of crazy how it all came full circle . My first time of doing a project in another country was actually Project Haiti , and it just kind of planted this seed , " said Burkhardt , 29 , of Frederick , Maryland . She said all college students should be given the opportunity to serve in another country . "  It 's so mutually beneficial . I realized pretty quickly that it was n't just me helping other people . It totally changed my perspective on the world , and it was such a good lesson to have learned . You can sit in class in college forever and you just do n't learn the same kind of things that you would learn in one day in Haiti . " Three students from Lawrence Technological University in Southfield , Michigan , are going ahead with a working spring break in Haiti . "  Since we were already planning to go , we were n't going to let a little earthquake stop us , " said Melissa Grunow , the school 's leadership curriculum coordinator . Students Christine Costa , Christopher Harris and Kevin McLarney plan to arrive March 5 to put their backs into work at an orphanage in Les Cayes for a project called Reconstruction Efforts Aiding Children without Homes , or REACH . "  I know it 's a time of need down there , so I ca n't wait to help out with my services , " said McLarney , 21 , a Lawrence Tech architecture senior from Macomb , Michigan . McLarney , Harris and Costa will help lay the foundations for two structures that will house the dozen girls among the 680 residents of the Pwoje Espwa Sud orphanage . "  I 'm excited I have an opportunity to help , " said Costa , 24 , an architecture graduate student from Royal Oak , Michigan . Immediately after the quake , only people with rescue or medical skills were needed in Haiti , but "  by the time we get down there , the next wave -- the rebuilders -- are going to be needed , " she said . She hopes seeing people coming to help them rebuild will give Haitians hope . The man who created the program agreed . "  Haiti does n't need a bunch of Americans coming down and doing it for them , they just need some Americans to come down and do it with them , " said Lawrence Tech alumnus Donald Stevens , the architect and builder who founded REACH after the 2004 Asian tsunami . Harris , a 20-year-old junior from Lansing , Michigan , studying computer engineering , said he has used previous breaks as a pause for partying . But he 's up for working in the sun in Haiti . "  They need our help now more than ever , " he said . McLarney wants the trip to have an impact at home as well as in Haiti . "  I just hope the work I do down there can inspire others to give back to their communities and the world in general , " he said . "  I think more people need to stop being selfish and give back to the principles that we 're all instilled with from birth . It feels good doing good things . "	Penn State , Lawrence Tech students determined to help orphans "  See them smile and have them feel like someone loves them " Both groups planned to go even before earthquake struck "  We were n't going to let a little earthquake stop us , " coordinator says
CNN  -- Authorities have discovered the remains of an infant in the backyard of a Long Island home after child protective officials were sent this week to check on the welfare of a 6-year-old . While they did not positively identify the recovered infant , New York State Police said Saturday that the woman who lives in the home told investigators that the death of one of her children had not been reported . The boy , named Justin Kowalczik , would now be around 3 years old . "  This interview also revealed a possible location of Justin 's remains , " police said of their talks with Heather Kowalczik . Colorado : Police catch break in missing girl case Based on the interview , authorities obtained a warrant to search the family 's property . "  It is absolutely a suspicious death , " New York State Police Major Patrick Regan told reporters , saying authorities "  believe the child was there since approximately July of 2010 . " The woman 's boyfriend was identified by police in a news release as "  a person of interest " in the case . A state police spokesman could not be reached Saturday for further comment . No charges have been filed . "  The Medical Examiners Office is conducting their investigation and the State Police are waiting for the confirmation of the identity and cause of death of the remains found , " police said in the news release . The couple lived together in a two-story house in Farmingdale , a Long Island community about 35 miles east of New York City . According to police , they "  parented " the 6-year-old child whom Suffolk County Child Protective Services employees had gone to check on earlier this week . It was during that investigation that authorities learned Justin Kowalczik , who was born in 2009 , "  was unaccounted for . " Meanwhile , a 9-year-old child of Heather Kowalczik and her boyfriend was briefly sought by authorities after he did n't show up for school Friday . Authorities said the boy 's father had driven off with him . Both were later found , state police said . More from CNN Justice : Campus officer kills naked freshman 5 charged over alleged teacher-student relationships Judge in video beating wants job back	Authorities went to check on the welfare of a 6-year-old child in Farmingdale The child 's mother said another child had died , but his death was n't reported "  Infant remains " are found in the backyard of the home the couple shared
Ithaca , New York  CNN  -- According to a recent report by the Pew Research Center , one of every seven new marriages in 2008 was interracial or interethnic -- the highest percentage in U.S. history . The media and blogosphere have been atwitter . Finally , it seems , we have tangible evidence of America 's entry into a new post-racial society , proof of growing racial tolerance . Intermarriage trends are being celebrated as a positive sign that we have come to think of all Americans as , well , Americans . But others have an entirely different take -- a more ominous one . They see increasing interracial marriage rates as proof that the country is amalgamating racially . To them , intermarriage is a putative threat to whites and America 's essential character . Their concerns are heightened by recent Census Bureau projections that the U.S. will become a majority-minority society by the middle of the century . My research with Ken Johnson , a demographer at the University of New Hampshire , indicates that for American 's youngest residents , that future is now . Nearly half of U.S. births today are to minority women . It 's time for everyone -- on all sides of this issue -- to relax and take a deep breath . The reality is that racial boundaries remain firmly entrenched in American society . They are not likely to go away anytime soon . We are still far from a melting pot where distinct racial and ethnic groups blend into a multi-ethnic stew . Indeed , seemingly overlooked in the Pew Report is the finding that less than 5 percent of all married whites have a spouse of a different race or ethnicity . The vast majority of whites today -- as in the past -- marry other whites . What is changing are marriage patterns among America 's minorities , but in ways that are not easy to understand or summarize in short news releases .  Pew used the categories of non-Hispanic whites , blacks , Asians , American Indians and Hispanics . For example , Pew reports that the share of newly married blacks with spouses of a different race increased threefold between 1980 and 2008 . Media accounts have variously trumpeted this as good or bad news for America 's future , depending on the presumptive beliefs and attitudes of their audiences about racial matters . It is easy to forget the U.S. Supreme Court waited until 1967 , in Loving v. Virginia , to outlaw state prohibitions against interracial marriage . Increases in black-white marriages , at least on a percentage basis , are large because baseline numbers are very small . Romantics like to believe that love is blind . We embrace the idea that falling in love is a product of our emotions rather than rational deliberation . Of course , the empirical evidence suggests otherwise . Love may be blind , but it clearly is not color-blind . Indeed , for all the hyperventilation , the demographic reality is that only about 15 percent of newly married blacks today became married to whites or other minorities . This is hardly a basis for celebrating a new racial tolerance in America or , if you prefer , for now believing that white identity is rapidly being lost to interracial intimacy and childbearing . Unfortunately , most of the nation 's headlines ignored Pew 's observation that intermarriage rates with whites actually have declined among Asians and Hispanics since 1980 . This is something new . My research with Julie Carmalt and Zhenchao Qian , to be published in Sociological Forum , documents recent declines in intermarriage rates among U.S.-born Hispanics and Asians after decades-long increases . Declines in intermarriage have been largest among the second generation , the U.S.-born children of immigrant parents . Among second-generation Hispanics , for example , intermarriages with whites declined by more than one-third between 1995 and 2008 . Over the same period , they became more likely to marry Hispanic immigrants . Since 1980 , there has been a fivefold increase in the number of native-born Asian women marrying Asian immigrants . One explanation is that substantial new immigration has simply expanded the marriage opportunities for native-born Hispanics and Asians . But it is also likely that the extraordinary recent growth of the immigrant population has reinforced a new sense of identity rooted in shared ethnicity and culture . This seems to have encouraged more in-marriage with co-ethnics at the expense of more out-marriage with whites . Demographers sometimes consider intermarriage to be the final step in the assimilation process , or an indicator of racial boundaries or lack of them . The current retreat from intermarriage among America 's non-black minorities raises new questions about racial and ethnic balkanization in America . Issues of race and immigration are an important part of the public dialogue . In today 's highly charged political environment , it is easy to latch onto information that buttresses our own point of view and preconceptions . Unfortunately , short headlines and easy-to-digest narratives about rising intermarriage rates tend to oversimplify or even distort a complicated statistical story that is still unfolding . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel T. Lichter .	Daniel Lichter : 1 of 7 new 2008 marriages was interracial or interethnic , report says Lichter says racial boundaries are firm ; vast majority of whites still marry whites Marriage patterns among minorities changing , he says , but in complex way Complicated statistical story is still unfolding and can be easily distorted , Lichter cautions
CNN  -- Since it was revealed this week that the National Security Agency is collecting the telephone and Internet data of millions of people , this is the question most people have asked me more than any other : "  Why should I care that the government has all this information ? " On Thursday , as we were learning that the NSA has been storing the so-called metadata of millions of Verizon customers , a woman told me that she was less concerned about the intelligence agency knowing her phone number than she was the local CVS , which has been calling her at inconvenient times and pressuring her to renew prescriptions she was filling at another pharmacy . Maybe it 's because we do n't feel the surveillance state bearing down on us the way we do pushy marketers that many people are n't that concerned about the government compiling enormous databases on our digital activities . Indeed , we already knew that intelligence agencies have been doing this for years . In 2006 , shortly after the revelation that the NSA was monitoring some Americans ' phone conversations without warrants , a poll showed the public was evenly divided on whether it was a good or a bad practice . If it helped catch terrorists or prevent attacks , roughly half of the people responding were willing to give up some measure of privacy . Inherent to that calculation is our understanding that the definition of "  privacy " has changed . It does n't have remotely the same context as it did in the late 1970s when the law restricting the government 's authorities to monitor Americans -- authorities that had been scandalously abused -- was enacted . Back then , our expectation of privacy extended to our relationships with our family and friends . To things like phone calls or the mail . Today , these personal connections , and the information we willingly share about ourselves , are the foundations of our increasingly public social networks . We know that complete strangers are looking at our Facebook pages . Should we be surprised that the government is too ? Probably not . But you might be surprised to find out that all this information the NSA and other agencies are collecting is not very useful for stopping terrorists , which is why it 's being collected in the first place . To date , there have been practically no examples of a terrorist plot being pre-emptively thwarted by data mining these huge electronic caches .  Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , has said that the metadatabase has helped thwart a terrorist attack "  in the last few years , " but the details have not been disclosed . When I was writing my book , "  The Watchers , " about the rise of these big surveillance systems , I met analyst after analyst who said that data mining tends to produce big , unwieldy masses of potential bad actors and threats , but rarely does it produce a solid lead on a terrorist plot . Those leads tend to come from more pedestrian investigative techniques , such as interviews and interrogations of detainees , or follow-ups on lists of phone numbers or e-mail addresses found in terrorists ' laptops . That shoe-leather detective work is how the United States has tracked down so many terrorists . In fact , it 's exactly how we found Osama bin Laden . Now , electronic data does play a crucial role in those investigations . But only when it is narrowly searched , with specific criteria at hand -- a name , say , or a phone number . Officials have said that this is how that metadatabase is used . Analysts can only look at it when they have the number of a suspected bad actor , and they want to search for his connections . That may offer some reassurance , however slim , that there are at least some controls on how that information is being searched . But we 've also learned about a separate collection program , known as PRISM , that reportedly lets analysts tap directly into the central servers of top U.S. Internet companies , and then siphon off e-mails , photographs and audio and video files . We 're told that U.S. individuals ' information is routinely swept up in these searches , and that it 's subsequently segregated from information about foreigners . But according to training manuals for PRISM examined by The Washington Post , analysts are told that when Americans get caught in the net , they should just file a quarterly report about the incident , and that "  it 's nothing to worry about . " This looks a lot like that big data mining that analysts have told me does n't produce solid leads . What it does do is implicate potentially innocent Americans in a vast sweep of some of the most ostensibly private information there is , particularly your e-mails . Reasonable people can come to different conclusions about how comfortable they are with the government building all these databases . But we should n't accept officials ' broad claims that these searches , and the information they 're based on , are protecting the nation 's security . If we 're going to hand over so much information about our once-private lives , we should have some assurance that the trade is worth it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shane Harris .	Should you care that the government is collecting telephone and Internet data ? Shane Harris says attitudes to privacy have changed Massive quantity of data is unlikely to yield evidence of terrorist plots , he says Harris : We need hard evidence that trading off privacy for security actually works
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- When President Obama took the stage Thursday night , he was n't just competing with the ghosts of conventions present , but with Mitt Romney 's performance last week , Bill Clinton 's Wednesday , and the first lady 's on Tuesday . He had to take on the ghosts of conventions past : comparisons with his stadium acceptance speech four years ago , and the 2004 speech that launched him into the national spotlight . Those would be tough performances to match in any year -- near-impossible under current circumstances . So he did n't even try : A good deal of the speech came across a bit like a State of the Union address with fewer Republicans and better lighting . But there were a few marks he had to hit -- and did . โข He had to acknowledge that things are n't rosy : "  The first time I addressed this convention in 2004 , I was a younger man ; a Senate candidate from Illinois who spoke about hope -- not blind optimism or wishful thinking , but hope in the face of difficulty ; hope in the face of uncertainty ; that dogged faith in the future which has pushed this nation forward , even when the odds are great ; even when the road is long ... " Four years later : Are you better off ? If you 're keeping score , that 's at least four references to struggle -- difficulty , uncertainty , great odds , a long road -- in a single sentence . "  Eight years later , that hope has been tested -- by the cost of war ; by one of the worst economic crises in history ; and by political gridlock that 's left us wondering whether it 's still possible to tackle the challenges of our time . " ... I recognize that times have changed since I first spoke to this convention . The times have changed -- and so have I. " Opinion : How did President Obama do ? โข But he had to paint a plausible picture of rosier times down the road -- offer a concrete path forward , and give skeptical voters the feeling that the next four years could be different than the first : "  But know this , America : Our problems can be solved . Our challenges can be met . The path we offer may be harder , but it leads to a better place . And I 'm asking you to choose that future . ... " "  A  s I stand here tonight , I have never been more hopeful about America ... " "  I 'm hopeful because of you . " And there were roughly a dozen more references to hope scattered through the speech . โข Hitting the right notes : He had to hit the bipartisan notes that the incredibly vanishing swing voters still tell pollsters they 're looking for . Opinion : We 're in for a heck of a ride "  Last summer , I worked with Republicans in Congress to cut $ 1 trillion in spending "  Now , I 'm still eager to reach an agreement based on the principles of my bipartisan debt commission . No party has a monopoly on wisdom . No democracy works without compromise . " Absent were direct references to the stimulus or Obama 's health care plan -- both partisan flashpoints that still get mixed reviews from voters in most opinion polls . โข Drawing contrasts : But he had to draw a sharp contrast with Republicans on issues where he 's got public opinion on his side , like tax cuts for the wealthy . Opinion : Obama speaks to Americans as adults "  But when Governor Romney and his allies in Congress tell us we can somehow lower our deficit by spending trillions more on new tax breaks for the wealthy -- well , you do the math . I refuse to go along with that . And as long as I 'm President , I never will . " Of course , there may be a pretty short shelf life on the political impact of anything he had to say Thursday . When President Obama spoke , he was probably the only person in the arena who knew what the job numbers coming out first thing the next morning would be : A healthy showing that could turbo-charge any convention bounce - or a disappointing showing that could short-circuit it . "  America , I never said this journey would be easy , and I wo n't promise that now , " he said , at the tail end of a speech that put a spotlight on struggle . "  Yes , our path is harder -- but it leads to a better place . " Obama urges voters to secure the change he started	President Obama had a high bar after recent dramatic speeches Convention speech acknowledges things are n't rosy in the country He points to better times ahead and suggests a path to get there
CNN  -- Thousands of people are expected to march in Northern Ireland on Sunday to commemorate the 1972 Bloody Sunday massacre of local people by British troops . Organizers expect it to be the last march of its kind , since the British government finally admitted last year that its troops , not the demonstrators , were to blame . "  The great lie has been laid bare . The truth has been brought home at last , " the republican political party Sinn Fein said in a statement Sunday . Sinn Fein seeks for Northern Ireland to become part of the Republic of Ireland , rather than the United Kingdom . In June , the British government released a damning report that reversed decades of official explanations for the 1972 killings . The paratroopers who killed 14 people had no reason to believe they were under threat from the victims , gave no warnings before firing and lied to the far-reaching official inquiry into the seminal event , the inquiry concluded . Its report was a comprehensive rejection of the British government 's official account of the killings , which had stood for 38 years . "  Some members of our armed forces acted wrongly ... and for that , on behalf of the government -- indeed , on behalf of our country -- I am deeply sorry , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said after the release of the long-awaited report . Bloody Sunday took place in the single bloodiest year of a conflict that claimed about 3,000 lives over a three-decade period known locally as The Troubles . The killings strengthened the Provisional Irish Republican Army , increased Irish Catholic hostility towards the British army and "  exacerbated the violent conflict of the years that followed , " its report found . Sinn Fein is closely associated with the PIRA , which laid down its arms as part of a 1998 peace agreement . British troops fired more than 100 rounds on Bloody Sunday , in violation of orders issued to every soldier serving in Northern Ireland at the time , the report found . There was some provocation by the IRA in Londonderry that day , but nothing that justified the shootings of civilians , the report found . Only one victim was associated with the IRA , and he was probably not posing a threat when he was fatally shot , the report found . Bloody Sunday has been considered by many as one of the greatest injustices of Northern Ireland 's troubled history . Even the name of the city where it happened is disputed , with pro-Irish nationalists calling it Derry and pro-British unionists calling it Londonderry . Addressing the question of how high responsibility for the massacre should go , the report overwhelmingly placed it with the soldiers who were on the ground , along with their commander , Lt. Col. Derek Wilford , who decided to launch the incursion . The report said there is no evidence that either the British or Northern Irish governments "  intended , planned , or foresaw " the events of that day , or that either government tolerated or encouraged the use of "  unjustified " lethal force . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Phil Black and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Sunday marks the 39th anniversary of the massacre in Northern Ireland A report last year found British troops were to blame for the killing of 14 people That reversed decades of official explanations Sinn Fein : "  The truth has been brought home at last "
London  CNN  -- Eight female badminton players were disqualified from the Olympics on Wednesday for trying to lose matches the day before , the Badminton World Federation announced after a disciplinary hearing . The players from China , South Korea and Indonesia were accused of playing to lose so they could face easier opponents in future matches , drawing boos from spectators and warnings from match officials Tuesday night . All four pairs of players were charged with not doing their best to win a match and abusing or demeaning the sport . The Indonesian and South Korean pairs appealed the decision , the federation said . But the Chinese sporting authorities accepted the decision and the head badminton coach apologized for the players ' behavior . The charges result from two lackluster contests in London that angered the watching crowds as the doubles pairs appeared to be serving into the net on purpose . Live blog : Read live updates on London 2012 The eight players concerned had all already qualified for the quarterfinals of the tournament before the final matches of the group stage Tuesday night . British sports fans going into the Olympic Park on Wednesday called the scandal "  shocking " after seeing parts of the matches on television . "  It 's not in the spirit of the thing , " said Kevin Button of Ashford , in Kent , just outside London . "  And it 's so disappointing for the people who came to see it , " said his wife , Tina . "  It leaves a bit of a sour taste . " The disqualifications mean the world 's No. 1 pair , Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang of China , are out of the competition . In the first of the Tuesday matches under scrutiny , Wang and Yu played South Korea 's Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na in a game in which "  neither side seemed to be exerting themselves , " the official Olympic news service said . After several serves by both pairs went into the net , the tournament referee , Torsten Berg , was called to the court , the news service reported , "  where he warned all four players amid a chorus of boos from the crowd . " Five things to watch for Wednesday The South Koreans eventually won the "  repeatedly interrupted match , " securing first place in their group , according to the news service . But that puts them in the same side of the draw as Tian Qing and Zhao Yunlei , a Chinese duo who are ranked No. 2 in the world . The second match in question took place about an hour later , pitting South Korea 's Ha Jung-eun and Kim Min-jung against the Indonesians Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii . Play in that contest was "  sluggish early on , " the Olympic news service reported , and Berg was called onto the court at least twice "  with the crowd calling for the players to be sent off . " Former badminton player Andy Goode , who represented Team GB at the 1992 Olympics and managed the team four years later , said the disqualification was the right call for the sake of the sport . "  It was a decision they had to make , and they had to make quickly , " he said . "  I 've never seen any sporting event , any major event , where two players or two pairs just stood on a court and have n't tried . " The best photos from the Olympics But Goode said the kind of tactical play seen Tuesday "  does go on , " especially in countries where the team ethic is very important . "  These players , I feel for them a little bit , because this was n't their decision ; their team has told them to lose these games , " he said . The world champion Chinese pair , Wang and Yu , "  were going for gold , and this was just part of their journey to get to that gold . " They probably did n't see anything wrong with what they did because they were focused on the next round and winning medals for their country , he said . Goode said he hoped the furor would not have a negative effect on the racket sport longer term , given the swift response by its governing officials . "  They 've come clean , they 've disqualified them straightaway , they 've done the good thing , because sports like badminton rely on being in the Olympic Games , " he said . "  If the image of badminton is tarnished and they are taken out of the Games , the European badminton countries will suffer , because without the funding to get into the Olympics , there is hardly a circuit to be able to make enough money to play full time . " Ye Shiwen 's ` unbelievable ' swims are talk of the Olympics The Chinese Olympic delegation "  fully respects the Badminton World Federation 's decision to punish " its athletes , it said in a statement . "  The actions of Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli on the court have violated Olympic principles and the spirit of fair athletic competition . The Chinese Sports Delegation feels saddened , " it said . The delegation is investigating the Chinese players ' conduct , it said , "  and will make appropriate rulings based on the result . " The head coach of the Chinese badminton team , Li Yongbo , expressed contrition for what had happened . "  As the head coach , I owe the fans and the Chinese an apology , " he said , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . "  Chinese players failed to demonstrate their fighting spirit of the national team . It 's me to blame . " The debacle has prompted wide debate on social media , with opinion divided on whether the players were exercising tactical nous within a poorly designed system or were guilty of failing the Olympic spirit and bringing the game into disrepute . Sebastian Coe , the chairman of the London Olympic organizing committee , was clear where he stood on the controversy , describing the spectacle as "  depressing " and "  unacceptable . " "  I mean , who wants to sit through something like that ? " he asked . He predicted that the badminton federation would take the apparent match-throwing "  really seriously . " The game of badminton dates back centuries but has been an Olympic sport only since 1992 . Competition has been dominated by China , Indonesia , South Korea and Denmark , according to the federation . Although not widely played in the United States , badminton -- viewed as one of the fastest racket sports -- is popular in many European and Asian nations . OfficialBadminton.com says it is played by 200 million people worldwide and is the national sport of Indonesia and Singapore . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Hilary Whiteman in Hong Kong , Steven Jiang in Beijing , and Florence Davey-Attlee and Laura Smith-Spark in London contributed to this report .	NEW : The head coach of the Chinese badminton team apologizes Players from South Korea , China and Indonesia are expelled for not trying to win British sports fans call the incident "  shocking " and not in the Olympic spirit The eight players would have had tactical reasons for wanting to lose
Washington  CNN  -- The interpretation of complex legal verbiage is the Supreme Court 's bailiwick , but sometimes the outcome of a case falls upon the meaning of single word . The magic word in an appeal argued Wednesday was "  personal , " and whether it extends beyond humans to "  artificial " entities like corporations . Telecom giant AT&T wants "  personal privacy " protections applied to businesses , just as they have long been granted to individuals . At issue is whether corporate "  personhood " extends to the Freedom of Information Act , which exempts the public release of government documents that invade personal privacy . The company wants material gathered by a federal agency during a consumer investigation to be kept secret . Several justices seemed deeply skeptical of the company 's claims for relief . Citing "  dozens and dozens " of examples in a study of government bureaucracy , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that "  overwhelmingly , ` personal ' is used to describe an individual , not an artificial being . " "  Can you give me any examples in common usage where people would refer to the ` personal privacy ' of a corporation ? " asked Justice Antonin Scalia . "  It 's a very strange phrase to me . " But others on the bench were not willing to say personal privacy applies only to a single human being . The dispute began in 2004 when AT&T Inc. found out it may have overcharged the federal government for the E-Rate program , which provides affordable internet and telecom access for schools and libraries across the United States . The company voluntarily turned over documents to the Federal Communications Commission , the agency charged with investigating the matter . Months later , a trade group that included some of AT&T 's competitors filed a Freedom of Information request for all correspondence related to the E-Rate probe . The material included AT&T memos , e-mails , invoices and employee names . The company said the material was exempt from public release , since it was collected strictly for "  law enforcement purposes , " according to court filings , and it argued that disclosure would cause an "  unwarranted invasion of personal privacy . " The FCC ultimately rejected the claims , saying the personal privacy exemption applies only to individuals . A federal appeals court reversed , finding for the corporation , and prompting the government 's Supreme Court appeal . Wednesday 's hourlong oral arguments featured several justices offering various examples of the extent to which "  personal " privacy could ever be applied to the corporate theory . "  For example , you could refer to personal jurisdiction over a corporation , could n't you ? " Justice Samuel Alito asked the Justice Department 's lawyer , Anthony Yang . "  I suppose families have rights of personal privacy , do n't they ? " added Chief Justice Roberts , extending the term beyond individuals . AT&T 's attorney , Geoffrey Klineberg , told the court the issue is one of fairness . "  All we are asking for and indeed all that Congress provided for is that the privacy interests be weighed against the public interest in disclosure . And what the FCC did here was to categorically exclude corporations from the protections " under federal law . Ginsburg was unconvinced . "  How does the commission , unaided by AT&T , go through the papers and decide what would be embarrassing for an AT&T employee , as distinguished from the corporation ? " Klineberg said e-mails could be exposed to public view showing corporate officers who "  may engage in a frank exchange about the competence and intelligence of a would-be regulator of the corporation . Or disparaging comments " about a business competitor , something that should be protected under privacy laws . "  Why does that relate to the corporation 's privacy interest ? " replied Scalia . "  Anything that would embarrass the corporation is a privacy interest ? " The AT&T lawyer ran into further trouble when he tried to mince words -- suggesting that because "  person " is defined to include a corporation in the relevant federal statute , the term "  personal " also must apply . "  I tried to sit down and come up with other examples where the adjective was very different from the root noun , " said John Roberts . "  It turns out it is not hard at all . You have craft and crafty . Totally different . Crafty does n't have much to do with craft . Squirrel , squirrely . Right ? I mean , you have a pastor and pastoral . Same root , totally different . So I do n't think there 's much to the argument that because ` person ' means one thing , ` personal ' has to be the same relation . " Beyond interpreting the meaning of personal privacy , the court may also have to wrestle with defining or redefining "  corporate , " either as an association of citizens with extended , shared rights , or as a state-chartered entity with its own separate , competing rights apart from those of its members . Such interpretation was key to the high court 's controversial campaign finance ruling a year ago , in which the conservative majority gave corporations greater power to spend freely in federal elections , overturning a federal law that had imposed strict limits . The court said corporations had to be treated as "  persons " when it came to campaign spending , with the same power as individual donors . Now the dispute is whether corporations enjoy similar protections in the privacy context . Liberal groups have complained that the Roberts court has been overly friendly to businesses in recent rulings , at the expense of individual consumers . They want a blanket rule exempting corporations from personal privacy protections . "  Congress did not and could not imbue corporations with the dignity interests that FOIA protects when it shields living , breathing human beings from invasions of personal privacy , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel of the Constitutional Accountability Center . "  A corporate charter can not blush or feel embarrassed by FOIA 's policy of transparency , " A number of media organizations have also filed briefs in support of the Obama administration , saying the Freedom of Information Act has been a powerful tool to hold governments and corporations accountable . Coalitions of business groups , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Business Roundtable , are backing AT&T . Justice Elena Kagan is not participating in the case because she had handled the appeal as the administration 's solicitor general before being nominated to the high court last year . The case is FCC v. AT&T Inc.  09-1279  . A ruling is expected in the next five months or so .	The Supreme Court mulls whether a corporation has "  personal privacy " AT&T says yes , as it tries to prevent release of documents gathered by a federal agency Some justices seem skeptical as they hear oral arguments
CNN  -- It has been said that a democratic republic such as ours is a do-it-yourself enterprise . People change the course of this country through conversation , debate and , eventually , consensus . As the 2012 elections near , these debates , particularly the upcoming presidential and vice presidential debates , take center stage . In light of what has been a long and tumultuous political season , here are my strongest arguments for Mitt Romney , Rep. Paul Ryan , and fellow conservatives to explain to their fellow Americans why President Barack Obama does not deserve a second term . Obama 's handling of the economy : The U.S. is mired in the midst of the worst recovery since the Great Depression : 43 straight months of unemployment over 8 % . The unemployment rate when Barack Obama took office was 7.8 % and today it is 8.1 % . Worse , the labor force is shrinking to record lows . People are giving up looking for work . In August the labor force participation rate fell to 63.5 % , its lowest level since September 1981 . For men , the August participation rate in the labor force was 69.8 % . That 's the lowest ever on record . Furthermore , half of all recent college graduates are underemployed or unemployed . Since Obama took office , median household income has declined more than $ 4,000 . More people are on food stamps than ever before -- 46.7 million . The poverty rate is around 15 % , the highest since 1993 . The average retail price of gasoline has more than doubled under Obama , rising from $ 1.84 per gallon to more than $ 3.80 per gallon . In spite of this , he stopped the approval of the Keystone pipeline for further review . Opinion : Obama on world stage -- more hope than change ? Obama inherited a bad economy , but his policies have made it even worse . The $ 800 billion stimulus package failed , according to the standards promised by an Obama administration economist . With Democrats in control of Congress , Obama then spent the next two years of his political capital on health care reform . Subsequently , the nation , mired in a debt crisis , underwent its first-ever credit downgrade . With our national debt exceeding $ 16 trillion , he has offered no credible plan for the nation 's long term fiscal health . Our country is hurtling toward a fiscal cliff in January 2013 . Foreign policy : Obama ascended to the presidency promising a new era of American foreign policy . Apart from the killing of Osama bin Laden , the death of Moammar Gaddafi and and the successful expansion of drone strikes , the foreign policy record of this administration has largely been one of capitulation , indecision and weakness . In the first true foreign policy test of his presidency , Obama failed to back the pro-democracy Green Revolution in Iran , saying he did n't want to "  be seen as meddling . " The uprising was crushed . Tell us : Do you know who 's getting your vote ? When the Arab Spring erupted , the president then decided to meddle in Egypt , calling for Hosni Mubarak to step down . Today , a country that was once a valuable Middle East ally is under the majority control of the Muslim Brotherhood . But when the Arab Spring spread to Syria , a longtime proxy of Iran , he did n't intervene , even when Bashar al-Assad began massacring his own people . The president has given some of our enemies a pass and some of our allies the back of the hand . He was caught on open mic badmouthing Benjamin Netanyahu and has n't visited Israel once in his presidency . He left our ally Poland out to dry by canceling the missile defense system in Europe , but was heard on an open mic assuring Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that he will have "  more flexibility " after the election to deal with missile defense . America 's two most important investments in the Middle East -- Iraq and Afghanistan -- are hanging by a thread . Ignoring the recommendations of his generals , Obama pulled troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan prematurely . Most recently , an American ambassador and three other Americans were killed in Libya . Yet , for nearly two weeks the administration blamed their deaths on a movie before finally admitting it was a terrorist attack , and took too long to make a forceful defense of the First Amendment . Obamacare : President Obama 's crowning legislative achievement , whether he likes to admit it or not , is Obamacare . Mitt Romney has promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act and he should make his argument with these reasons : First , Obamacare is not Romneycare . Romneycare was a state mandate ; Obamacare was a federal mandate . Second , Obamacare is terrible federal policy . It is a massive tax increase over the next 10 years that will fall largely on middle-class families ; it steals more than $ 700 billion from Medicare to pay for the expanded coverage under ObamaCare ; the unelected Independent Payment Advisory Board will ration and control Medicare costs and services without the say of doctors and patients ; the Department of Health and Human Services is granted virtually unfettered powers , like the contraception mandate . Obamacare is bad policy . It was over 2,700 pages of complex rules and regulations passed behind closed doors with backroom deals -- exactly the opposite of what Obama promised when he campaigned in 2008 . Opinion : Can Romney get back on track ? The imperial presidency : Throughout his first term in office , the president has repeatedly ignored or gone around Congress and arrogated his own agenda through executive fiat . He instituted his own version of the Dream Act ; his administration granted waivers to welfare reform without the approval of Congress ; he refused to help Arizona enforce its immigration laws ; he ordered his Justice Department to stop defending the Defense of Marriage Act in court ; he gave states waivers to avoid No Child Left Behind requirements ; he claimed executive privilege on Operation Fast and Furious to protect the faults of his Justice Department and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobbaco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  ; and when the Senate refused to confirm his nominations to the National Labor Relations Board , he proclaimed the Senate was in recess and appointed them on his own . His own runaway EPA has waged regulatory war on coal plants resulting in the closure of six plants and possible closures of many more . Broken promises : If you think I 'm being too hard on the president , let 's hold him to his own words and promises . He promised to cut the deficit in half in his first term . He sought in Cairo in 2009 a "  new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world . " He promised to change the "  tone " of Washington . His economic team promised that his $ 800 billion stimulus package would keep the unemployment rate under 8 percent . In 2008 , he promised to tackle entitlement reform in his first term . Before Obamacare was passed Obama promised to "  cut the cost of a typical family 's premium by up to $ 2,500 a year " and that "  If you like your health care plan , you will be able to keep your health care plan . " Americans realize the president has over-promised and under-delivered . The objective record , the multiple failures , and the unkept promises make a profound and fair case against the reelection of Barack Obama . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett outlines five reasons Obama should not serve a second term First , he says , Obama has not gotten the U.S. out of its dire economic straits Bennett : Obamacare is a costly federal mandate that amounts to huge tax increase Bennett : He has broken promises , bypassed Congress , mishandled foreign policy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- At a time of economic uncertainty in the U.S. , the writers strike cast a dark cloud over the eternal sunshine of the Californian mindset and its most glittering awards ceremony . Oscar winner Helen Mirren dazzled in Chopard diamonds last year and gained masses of publicity for the jeweler Up until a fortnight ago , the million dollar question was whether the Oscars would go ahead as stars refused to cross the picket line . Make that the 400 million dollar question . According to the pundits and bean-counters , that 's how much the strike would have cost Los Angeles and the industry if Hollywood 's most glamorous evening had been cancelled . Not only would the stars have been robbed of their moment to shimmer along the world 's most famous red carpet , but a whole hinterland of ancillary trades would be affected . Limo drivers driven to despair , caterers with no-one to cater for , make-up artists struggling to make up lost earnings and security teams facing an insecure future -- and the paparazzi would have no-one to focus on . But it 's not just the little guys who would have lost out on the Oscars millions . Big-name jewelry designers like Chopard traditionally dress the stars . Kate Winslet , Charlize Theron and Hilary Swank are among their successful models at the Academy Awards . Last year , Helen Mirren wore a 55 carat diamond flower bracelet along with a 62 carat diamond brooch worth $ 4m dollars to accept the Best Actress gong . It is estimated that having a celebrity pictured in an item of jewelry or an outfit can be worth $ 1m in publicity for a jeweler or fashion house . With hundreds of celebrities strutting the red carpet on Oscars night , the scope for generating revenue is seemingly endless . But even Chopard 's famous sparkle was tested by the uncertainty surrounding this year 's event . "  Leading up to the Oscars business for the whole of Rodeo Drive was a little sketchy . Everyone was thinking , what 's gon na happen ? " Wes Carroll , Chopard spokesman , told CNN . "  We felt for the writers , we felt for the studios and we wanted a great outcome for everyone . We would have been very disappointed had the Oscars not happened . " Films which achieve success at the Academy Awards can expect a new injection of cash with a boost in DVD sales and renewed interest at the box office . Robert Buchsbaum , a Los Angeles theater boss , told CNN , "  It 's not just the studios who are affected by the Academy Awards show . It 's theater owners . As a single-screen theater owner , my whole year is based on how well films perform from November through March through the Academy Awards . It 's the busiest time of year for me . " "  We really try to figure out , not just what the big Academy Award film is gon na be -- the Best Picture -- but also the smaller films , the independent films which might get the edge like Juno and There Will Be Blood , films which will have a lot of legs to them once they get the nomination , " he continued . "  It usually means between 25 % and 75 % in box office revenues alone . " The prime candidate for a new lease of life at the box office is the Coen Brothers ' film , "  No Country for Old Men . " On the opposite side of the U.S. , New York critics are expecting it to yield a decent crop of Oscars after taking their own awards night by storm . Stephen Whitty , Chair of the New York Film Critics ' Circle , told CNN , "  It won best picture because the direction from the Coen brothers was really assured . They were completely in control of the mood throughout that film . "  I think the screenplay , also by the Coens , while being truthful to Cormack McCarthy 's book , managed to turn it into cinema , " he continued . "  It made it consistently visual and imparted its message and its mood through images . The acting -- and again , Javier Bardem got the fourth of the four awards we gave it -- I thought the acting was spot on throughout . " Will the rest of the results be equally clear cut ? If so , the tips are Daniel Day Lewis and Julie Christie for Best Leads , Diablo Cody for Original Screenplay for "  Juno , " "  Atonement " for Best Score , Mike Moore for Best Documentary for "  Sicko , " and in the Year of the Rat , Best Animation is marked for "  Ratatouille . " But of course , no one can really be that certain . Just ask producer Graham King , who seemed set to take Best Picture for "  The Aviator " after it won virtually every award except the Nobel Peace Prize . But it was n't to be , after Clint Eastwood 's "  Million Dollar Baby " pipped him to the post . Then a year ago , King finally won the big one with "  The Departed . " One year on from winning the Oscar , he spoke with CNN 's Quest team about how his life changed . "  I think for a good few months after the Academy Awards I was floating on air , " he said . "  It was really hard to come down from it and it was hard to realize that you 'd achieved the goal that you 'd set out to achieve many years ago . There it is : in one night , you 've got it . " And as King explains , even Oscar-winning Hollywood producers are prone to attacks of the jitters too . "  It was a year where I just took stock and decided what I wanted to do next and what kind of movies I want to make , " he told CNN . "  Then , bam ! We get hit with this strike , which was horrendous . I felt like I was unemployed ... your phone calls go from 60 or 70 a day to three and emails were not coming in and I felt really insecure about it . " For producers like King , the end of the writers strike is crucial for their business -- far more important than whether the Oscar ceremony takes place . But imagine being producer of the Best Picture in the one year when the ceremony was cancelled . And it 's inconceivable to think of Hollywood without the Oscars . Picture Rio without its Carnival , London without the Queen , New York without the Statue of Liberty . The famous statuettes of Los Angeles may be somewhat smaller , but their presence is felt far beyond the Hollywood hills ... E-mail to a friend	Oscar cancellation would have cost the industry an estimated $ 400m Limo drivers , caterers , make-up artists would be among worst hit Jewelry designers like Chopard generate $ 1m in publicity on Oscars night Films which achieve success on the night can expect box office cash injection
Washington  CNN  -- Latino voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party , despite dissatisfaction with the administration 's deportation policies , according to a survey released Wednesday by the Pew Hispanic Center . The results are good news for Obama and Democrats for next year 's election , as Hispanics are the fastest-growing population group in the country and comprise a major voting bloc . According to the survey , Latino registered voters favor Obama over Republican presidential hopefuls Mitt Romney or Texas Gov. Rick Perry by margin of more than 2-to-1 . The results are similar to the presidential election in 2008 , when Obama got 67 % of the Latino vote compared with 31 % for Republican candidate Sen. John McCain . Hispanic voters have traditionally identified with the Democratic Party , and the Pew survey 's results showed that connection continues . It said two-thirds of Hispanic registered voters identified with or leaned toward the Democratic Party , while 20 % felt that way about the Republican Party . "  It is interesting that among Latino voters , the voters who are registered , there is a lot of support for the Democrats , but also for Barack Obama , " Mark Hugo Lopez , executive director of the Pew Hispanic Center , said in an interview with CNN . The survey of 1,200 Hispanic adults was conducted in English and Spanish from November 9 through December 7 , and has a margin of error of 3.6 % . While showing strong Latino support for Obama and Democrats , the survey also showed Hispanics dislike immigration policies of the Obama administration , which increased deportations to 395,000 in 2009 and 387,000 in 2010 . According to the Pew survey , 59 % of Latino respondents disapproved of the administration 's handling of deportations , while 27 % approved . At the same time , the survey found that less than half of the Hispanic respondents -- 41 % -- knew that more deportations were occurring under the Obama administration than the Bush administration that preceded it . A strong majority -- 77 % -- of Latino respondents who were aware of the increased deportations under Obama disapproved of his administration 's policy , while just over half of those unaware of the increase also expressed disapproval . Hispanics accounted for 97 % of deportees in 2010 , according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . More than 90 % of Latino respondents in the survey support the DREAM Act , a Democratic measure pushed by Obama that provides a pathway to legal residency for children of illegal immigrants who attend college or serve in the military . Republicans have blocked passage of the measure in Congress . In the interview with CNN , the Pew Hispanic Center 's Lopez said that the most important issues for Hispanic registered voters were jobs , education and health care -- the same as in past years . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Hispanic support for President Obama is strong over possible Republican opponents Latinos surveyed disapprove of increased deportations under the Obama administration The main issues for Hispanic respondents are jobs , education and health care
BLACKSBURG , Virginia  CNN  -- Erin Sheehan was a freshman last year when Seung-Hui Cho peeked through the door of her German class . The next hour of her life would become a struggle for survival . Erin Sheehan played dead while the Virginia Tech shooter went on a rampage . "  I still have trouble sleeping . " "  The gunman entered my room . He shot my German teacher and then proceeded to shoot the students in the classroom pretty thoroughly , " she said . Sheehan was only one of four students in the room not to get shot . She jumped on the floor and remained quiet while Cho went on his rampage . "  I thought if I played dead then he hopefully would think I was already hit . " She listened as the killer left her Norris Hall classroom to attack another room . She and the other survivors barricaded the door to keep Cho from coming back . "  I tried to use a podium at the front of the classroom to block the door , because the gunman was shoving at the door and started firing through the door . We did n't think we were going to be able to hold it , " she said . Watch Sheehan remember a day of horror " Sheehan is now a sophomore at Virginia Tech . Like so many on campus , April 16 , 2007 , marks the worst day of her life , when Cho killed 32 students and professors in the deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . Sheehan recently accompanied CNN to what is known as the Virginia Tech April 16 , 2007 Prevail Archive -- an office space on the edge of campus where mementoes sent from across the world are temporarily warehoused . The university is cataloging and documenting every item it can save in order to create a permanent collection as well as an online archive that the public can access . Take a tour of the archive " Teddy bears , an American flag from the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan , painted eggs , the hood of a race car , condolence posters signed by Koreans and a letter from President Bush are housed there . Thousands of other letters are also kept in the archive . "  This is making me feel super bad . Because a lot of people died at Blacksburg . I love VT , " wrote one young child . Walking through the archive for the first time , Sheehan was overcome with emotion . She stopped and held a picture of all the victims , pointing out her slain German teacher and another classmate . "  I believe this is Nicole White , she sat right next to me . And I think I would credit her with taking bullets for me , " she said in a muted tone . Watch letters to Virginia Tech " Of the entire archive , she added , "  I do n't ever remember seeing it all together like this before . I think it is really remarkable that so many people cared to reach out to us like this . " Tamara Kennelly is the archivist at Virginia Tech . She 's responsible for documenting how everyone beyond the campus dealt with the tragedy , when the world was joined by four words : "  We are all Hokies . " "  People at other places have really identified with us and felt all of this with us , " she said . "  I think it 's very heartening , it 's very moving to me . " Watch a Tech student describe surviving four shots " They 've received just about anything , from condolences books from funeral homes to messages from prisons to letters from elementary students . "  There are always people who really have their own story to tell or a powerful way of putting it . And when you find those letters , they stay with you -- all day , all week , " said Amy Vilelle , the manuscript archivist . "  There are a few that I will not ever forget reading . " Some are very personal , like a pair of goggles from a lab partner . "  Mike may you rest in peace . You will forever be remembered as my favorite lab partner . We 'll be missing you , " it says on the goggles . Fighting back tears , Kennelly said , "  This job is very moving because you get something and you read it and you think , ` oh gosh , they want to share something with us somehow . They want to reach out and give some kindness . ' " Gail McMillan , the director of digital archives , says it 's especially difficult to read material from children . "  It 's hard to know what kind of impact this may have on them . " Their job is not only to remember , but to preserve , an archival collection for the university . For those who lived it , the tragic events of April 16 , 2007 , are still too fresh to put into the past . "  I still have trouble sleeping some days , " Sheehan said . "  It really does bother me because I still understand I could have been killed so easy , and there is no explanation why I was n't . " E-mail to a friend	Thousands of items sent from around globe are housed on Tech campus Items range from letters from kids to an American flag from Afghanistan "  It is really remarkable that so many people cared to reach out to us , " survivor says Archivist : "  There are a few that I will not ever forget reading "
Dusseldorf , Germany -- While America gets ready for the finale of "  American Idol " and tunes into hot new shows such as NBC 's "  The Voice , " Europe is busy watching the continent 's annual vocal competition that many say gave rise to the entire phenomena of televised singing throw-downs : Eurovision . Since 1956 , European nations have sent representative artists and songs to battle for the boasting rights as top songsmiths . On Tuesday evening the first semi-final of 2011 took place in a Dusseldorf , Germany , arena . And just like on U.S. shows such as "  Idol , " losers went home and winners advanced . The only difference is that in this competition , entire countries are left saddened when songs fail to impress the voting public in Europe -- and members of a jury : The vote is split 50/50 between fans and a panel of experts . Serbia , Greece , Lithuania , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Switzerland , Hungary , Iceland , Russia and Finland all advanced Tuesday evening , while countries such as Turkey , Norway , Armenia , Portugal , Malta , Croatia , Albania and Poland were sent packing . The biggest shockers were arguably Iceland 's inclusion and Norway 's exclusion from the finals . The winners advance to Saturday 's final , where they will join the top contenders from Thursday 's semi-final in an anticipated live broadcast of 25 artists from 25 countries singing their country 's representative tunes in a winner-takes-all evening that is among Europe 's most watched events of the year . Between 100 million and 120 million are expected to tune in this year for all three events . Germany -- last year 's winner -- the United Kingdom , France , Italy and Spain all automatically qualify for Saturday 's final as members of the "  Big Five . " Americans largely ignore Eurovision , as they have little reason to pay attention : U.S. broadcasters do not show the telecast and America has no official entry . But this year , some in the United States are taking more interest than ever , thanks to a fresh crop of singers and increased exposure of the Eurovision brand brought about via Facebook , YouTube and Twitter . To be sure , the European Broadcasting Union has a long way to go to gain fans in North America . For starters , they have no official media partner to show the semi-finals this week or the finals on Saturday . Fewer than 20 U.S. journalists were accredited out of over 2000 total print , television , radio and Web journalists at Eurovision in 2011 . France , by comparison , has around 125 journalists , many representing major news outlets . Still , interest in Eurovision is up in the U.S. . The number of American media outlets attending Eurovision this year has more than doubled from 2010 and Eurovision officials say website traffic from North America overall is comparable to last year and even up slightly . Many view the competition as a curiosity . This year 's crop at Eurovision has already produced two giggle-inducing entrants : Israel 's official song in contention this year is simply titled "  Ding Dong " while Belarus went with the not-exactly-subtly titled "  I Love Belarus . " But the level of songwriting across the board seems to be on the rise at Eurovision . After all , this is where ABBA first made their mark on the world stage and every year great songs rise above the din at the event , with several this year piquing interest -- many are raving about a song from Azerbaijan . This year 's hopefuls might surprise curious American pop fans . Blue 's "  I Can , " from the U.K. and Eric Saade 's "  Popular " from Sweden , rival anything on U.S. Top 40 radio at the moment , with slick production and memorable hooks . It remains to be seen just who will get the final nod Saturday . Odds makers have France and the United Kingdom atop many lists at the moment , but that could change . Whatever transpires at Eurovision this week , one thing is certain : It wo n't be dull .	European nations compete in friendly music competition at Eurovision On Tuesday the first semi-final of the 2011 Eurovision took place in a Dusseldorf arena Between 100 million and 120 million are expected to tune into the competition this year
CNN  -- It is a problem of massive plastic proportions -- a giant floating debris field , composed mostly of bits and pieces of plastic , in the northwest Pacific Ocean , about a thousand miles off the coast of California . Researchers recover nets from the Pacific Ocean on August 3 , 2009 . It 's called the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and it covers a vast area of hundreds , maybe even thousands , of miles of open ocean . Now researchers are trying to learn more about the sea-bound trash zone and perhaps find answers to basic questions . A crew of scientists from the University of California 's Scripps Institution of Oceanography has embarked on a three-week mission aboard the research vessel New Horizon , heading for the debris field to study it . The mission is not as straightforward as it sounds . "  There may be a misapprehension ... that if you got out there and stood on the middle of a deck you 'd see nothing but plastic litter from horizon to horizon , " said Robert Knox , deputy director for research at the Scripps Institution . "  It 's relatively sparse , and you might or might not see something visible to the human eye at any particular location out there , " Knox says . "  Certainly one does encounter pieces of plastic stuff that are big enough to see . But the other side of the puzzle is all the little bits and pieces of plastic that you ca n't even see unless you scoop up a sample of seawater and see what 's in there . " "  I think it 's a little misleading to think of it as a great big island that you could practically get out and walk on , but the point is it 's a big area of ocean . So even a few pieces of plastic per square meter amounts to a lot of plastic when you add it up over this enormous ocean area . " There has been some previous research on this garbage field , but not much . It 's been very poorly studied in a scientific sense . Major questions remain : How how much stuff is there ? What size is the stuff ? Where is it distributed in the ocean , at the surface or at what depth ? What does it do to the food chain , especially the small particles of plastic that may be ingested by smaller organisms at the bottom of the food chain ? While the main focus of the Scripps mission is the impact of this plastic trash on marine life , researchers will gather information on a wide variety of issues . Here 's what scientists do know : They know the size of this zone is huge , maybe as big as Texas . And they know that all the plastic accumulated in the patch has mostly broken down into smaller bits , floating just under the water 's surface like confetti , basically a soupy mix of plastic-filled seawater that stretches for maybe thousands of miles . They know the garbage patch has been growing for many years , and scientists first became aware of the problem years ago when fisherman reported encountering widespread debris . They know there are other debris fields in other oceans of the world , but this one is the biggest . Rusty Brainard with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says this giant garbage patch , in addition to plastic , also contains huge masses of fishing nets , which destroys ecosystems around the Hawaiian Islands . But the plastic is really the toxic killer . While it slowly degrades , it turns into increasingly smaller bits of plastic . Seabirds mistake it for food and they dive down and eat it . Brainard says they find a lot of skeletons of seabirds on the Islands and "  their gut content is just filled with plastic . " Brainard says that has scientists wondering what other animals are eating this plastic . As the larger animals and marine life eat the smaller animals , this plastic eventually ends up in the human food supply , too . But even the size is of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is uncertain . "  It 's not a hard and fast number . It 's a little bit like a whirlpool on the surface of a river or a lake . You 'd be hard-pressed to tell me where the edge is . All you know is that it 's stronger in the middle than it is in the outer reaches . But it 's an area of many hundreds of miles -- perhaps thousands -- in which the ocean currents tend to bring it together , " according to Knox . NOAA has tracked the Great Pacific Garbage Patch movement to some degree . Scientists know it moves as much as a thousand miles north and south in the Pacific seasonally . And during warmer ocean periods , known as El Nino , it drifts even further south . A kind of large , clock-wise circulation of currents driven by the wind around the Pacific ocean basin causes the plastic and other garbage to mix together in convergence zones , forming this giant trash zone and making its movements comparable to a whirlpool . Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years from trash being dumped off boats and ocean-going ships , and from trash accumulated on beaches , where it eventually washed in the Pacific Ocean and into the huge zone . This study mission may even help scientists determine whether there 's any way to clean up the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and , if so , the best way to do it . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Researchers are trying to learn the effects of the plastic and debris on wildlife Experts from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography will spend three weeks at sea Scientists say this sea-bound trash zone is largest among worldwide debris fields Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years
CNN  -- It was another bad day at the office for Tiger Woods as he shot a two-over-par 74 in his opening round at the Players Championship Thursday . The US PGA event , often referred to as the "  fifth major , " is worth a cool $ 9.5 million but Woods is unlikely to taste any of that bounty having already fallen nine shots off leaders Ian Poulter and Martin Laird . World number seven Woods , a 14-time major champion who still dreams of breaking Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 , endured a torrid time as he seeks to return to the consistency that made him virtually unbeatable a few years back . The 36-year-old broke a 17-month drought in March with victory at Bay Hill but came to TPC Sawgrass -- where his only win was back in 2001 -- in poor form having missed the cut at Quail Hollow , only the eighth time that has happened in his career . Tiger Woods hits back at his critics But after another bad opening round Woods may well miss the cut again . "  It was n't certainly the most positive start , " Woods told reporters . "  Any kind of momentum that I would build , I would shoot myself in the foot on the very next hole . Just one of those days . "  I did n't get a lot out of that round . I just did n't score . I hit decent shots in there and just got some of the worst lies . " Players Championship leaderboard Woods had claimed before Quail Hollow that he had put his problem swing behind him and was slowly building back towards something approaching his best . "  Just be patient with it . Just keep plugging along , " he said . "  In the last few months , I 've put together some good rounds , won a couple tournaments , so it 's there . I just need to continue doing it . " Meanwhile the man who was once lambasted for suggesting -- while Woods was at the peak of his powers and seemingly untouchable -- that he could one day challenge golf 's most enigmatic player is leading the tournament . Poulter shot a magnificent seven-under 65 , dropping just one shot the entire round . "  It felt real solid , " the Englishman told the PGA 's official website . "  I got off to a nice start , hit a few good shots early on ... then four birdies in a row from nine . " And the secret of Poulter 's round ? According to the Englishman it was to play less golf . "  I 've been busy at home , new house to move in to , stuff to occupy my mind , " he explained . "  And when I have n't been  moving house  , I 've been hitting some balls ... My time on the range has been a small but concentrated effort . " Poulter was joined at the top by Scotland 's Martin Laird , who also birdied the notoriously difficult "  island " par-three 17th hole -- which cost two-time major champion Angel Cabrera nine shots on Thursday . Laird , , a two-time winner on the PGA Tour whose last victory came at Bay Hill in 2011 , completed a flawless round to be one shot clear of American Blake Adams . Compatriots Kevin Na and Ben Crane both finished with five-under 67s , while Matt Kuchar , Bill Haas , Ben Curtis and Australia 's Adam Scott were in a group of 11 players on 68 .	Tiger Woods slumps to a two-over 72 in first round of Players Championship Now seven shots off first round leader Ian Poulter Woods in danger of missing second cut in a row Poulter claims success comes from playing less golf
For decades , none but a few privileged -- and highly trained -- individuals could dare dream of traveling beyond Earth 's orbit . All that 's set to change as Richard Branson brings space exploration to the  mega-rich  masses . In April , Virgin Galactic -- a subsidiary of Branson 's Virgin Group -- hit a milestone . The rocket motor the company had been testing on the ground was fitted into SpaceShip Two , the spacecraft that , from next year onwards , will bring space travel to the general public . "  We lit the rocket motor for the first time in the air and the spaceship went through the sound barrier , " recalls Stephen Attenborough , Virgin Galactic 's commercial director . "  It was a hugely significant milestone for us , and in many ways , the last big piece of the jigsaw . " Read more : Virgin Galactic one flight closer to space tourism Though a ticket aboard SpaceShip Two does n't come cheap -- a seat currently costs $ 250,000 -- Attenborough maintains that as things stand , the fare is a relative bargain . "  It 's still about 1 % of the price you would have needed to pay to go to space as a private citizen before now , " maintains Attenborough . Indeed , in the past , the privilege cost civilians a fair share . When Dennis Tito , the world 's first "  space tourist " bought a seat aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft in 2001 , it allegedly cost him nearly $ 20 million . Read more : What does it feel like to be weightless ? Though flights wo n't commence until next year at the earliest , Virgin Galactic has already sold 640 seats to space enthusiasts the world over . For some , the cost is negligible . Others , though , have taken second mortgages on their homes to pay for the tickets . So what does $ 250,000 buy you ? The experience starts with three days of training at Spaceport America in New Mexico . "  There 's a lot to do with getting you psychologically prepared for a trip that is absolutely about sensory overload , " says Attenborough . Read more : Google goes inside the A380 The flight itself accommodates six passengers , lasts two and a half hours , and culminates with congratulatory champagne at the spaceport . Space travelers get to leave their seats to experience several minutes of zero-gravity , and perhaps the most iconic view ever afforded mankind . "  Ultimately , you get memories to last a lifetime -- a trip I think will just blow people away . When talking to professional astronauts of the past , they do n't talk about  their experiences  for a day or a year , they talk about it for the rest of their lives . " Still , there are many enthusiasts eager to see the price drop , not the least of whom is American astronaut Buzz Aldrin . Aldrin recalls the first time he heard the concept of private space travel debated in a meeting room 25 years ago . "  Somebody said , ` How are we going to select  who gets to fly to space  ? ' Someone in the back of the room said , ` How about a lottery ? ' Man , my ears perked up at that , and I became a devotee of a lottery to select people . " The civilian lottery is the basis of Aldrin 's non-profit , SpaceShare . "  I was n't interested in a big pay-off of the profit made . I was interested in exposing space to a large number of people , " he says . Attenborough himself is eager to see the price drop . "  This is not just a business for Virgin . It 's about the creation of a new and important industry that is going to transform space access . One of the byproducts of that is there will be competition , there will be economies of scale , and we should see the price go down , " he says . "  Hopefully there will be a large , thriving , vibrant industry that will make it possible for most people to go into space in my lifetime . "	Virgin Galactic is scheduled to launch next year The $ 250,000 trip to space will last two and a half hours Three fee includes three days of training at Spaceport America American astronaut Buzz Aldrin prefers civilians enter a space-travel lottery
CNN  -- Golfers preparing for The Barclays FedEx Cup playoff event at Plainfield Country Club in New Jersey found themselves not only battling the course , but also the effects of a 5.8 magnitude earthquake which struck Virginia on Tuesday . The quake forced the closure of a nuclear power plant and was felt from as far afield as Georgia and New England , while also causing many PGA Tour players to post their reactions on the social-networking site Twitter . American world number 15 Bubba Watson used his @bubbawatson account to tweet : "  This house we rented just shook ! " Watson 's compatriot Jason Dufner , who finished tied for 5th at the recent PGA Championship , also tweeted his shock after feeling the tremors : "  Earthquake in Jersey ? Or someone trying to give me a shake down ?? " Virginia earthquake rattles the East Coast The 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson was clearly concerned by the quake , in which no major injuries were reported , and tweeted : "  Well . Just went through my first earthquake . Got ta believe it was n't a big one here in NJ . But , it freaked me out . #kneesbuckled . " Briton Justin Rose has been on the PGA Tour since 2003 and was on the driving range when he felt the quake . "  Was that an earthquake I just felt on the range in New Jersey !! " read his tweet . "  Either that or Gary Woodland is thumping out 2 irons on range !! " Woodland , a 27-year-old one-time winner on the Tour , posted : "  Earthquake in jersey . Thought a kid was shaking my chair . Crazy . " The FedEx Cup playoffs are now in their fifth year and serve as a season-ending championship for the Tour , with The Barclays set to get under way on Thursday . A field of 125 players have qualified for The Barclays based on points accumulated over the course of the year . Out of those 125 , the top 75 will advance to the Deutsche Bank tournament in Boston , before the field is cut to 70 for the BMW Championship in Illinois -- which will begin on September 15 . Finally , 30 players will head to Atlanta for the final tournament , due to start on September 22 , where the FedEx Cup champion will be crowned .	Golfers at The Barclays in Virginia reacted to Tuesday 's earthquake on Twitter PGA Tour players were in New Jersey preparing for the FedEx Cup playoff event No serious injuries were reported in the wake of the 5.8 magnitude quake
CNN  It 's only June , but 2015 may be remembered as the year the term "  transgender " fully entered mainstream consciousness . In January , President Obama condemned the persecution of "  people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , " becoming the first president to utter the word in a State of the Union address . "  Transparent , " about an aging father who begins living as a woman , won two top awards at the Golden Globes , while transgender actress Laverne Cox of "  Orange is the New Black " -- who made the cover of Time magazine last year -- was just cast in a new CBS drama . The May issue of Vogue has a photo spread with transgender model Andreja Pejic , who said on Instagram this week that she "  was told by various people many times over that the chances of me ending up on these pages were slim to none . " A transgender character had a recurring storyline on the just-wrapped final season of "  Glee , " while transgender activist and YouTube star Jazz Jennings will star in a reality show debuting on TLC this summer . And then there 's Bruce Jenner , whose physical appearance has become more feminine in recent months as the Olympic hero turned reality TV star underwent a very public gender transition . Jenner ended months of speculation in an interview that aired April 24 on "  20/20 " with Diane Sawyer . "  Are you a woman ? " Sawyer asked . "  Yes , " Jenner replied . Now comes the new issue of Vanity Fair , with Jenner on the cover in makeup and a skimpy dress , along with a new name : Caitlyn . It 's more obvious than ever that transgender people , long relegated to society 's shadows , are finally stepping into the light . "  We are at a social inflection point on transgender issues , " says Riki Wilchins , a former transgender activist and author of three books on queer theory , who believes all the attention could have a positive impact . "  Civil rights for minorities come in fits and starts . We 're on an upswing now . " Opinion : Why we need to listen to Bruce Jenner 's story Transgender is an umbrella term for people whose gender identity -- their internal , personal sense of being a man or a woman -- differs from what 's typically associated with their sex at birth . Some transgender people alter their bodies through hormones and or surgery , although many do n't . A 2011 study estimated that 700,000 American adults , or roughly 0.3 % of the population , identified themselves as transgender . For decades , trans people , as many transgender people like to be called , rarely saw themselves represented in popular culture . But recent years have brought the "  Dancing with the Stars " contestant Chaz Bono ; filmmaker Lana Wachowski , formerly known as Larry Wachowski , a co-director of "  The Matrix " ; Jared Leto 's Oscar-winning role in "  Dallas Buyers Club " ; and of course , "  Orange is the New Black , " whose cast is a mix of ethnicities and sexualities . Now , between "  Transparent " and other shows , recognition from Obama and tabloid headlines about Jenner , the national conversation around gender identity appears to have reached a new level . All this makes transgender advocates cautiously optimistic . Hayden Mora , deputy chief of staff at the Human Rights Campaign and a transgender man , remains hopeful that the growing number of transgender faces beaming weekly into America 's living rooms can only have a positive effect . "  I believe that the more people who know transgender people , the more they will understand , accept and support us , " Mora says . "  That happens only if they acknowledge our humanity , and not treat us like tabloid fodder . " The transgender life : What to know , say and understand Still , activists agree there 's a long way to go before transgender people stop facing discrimination or worse . For relatives and friends who are used to seeing someone as male or female , gender changes can be hard to accept . Transgender people have long been misunderstood and persecuted -- as recently as 2012 , the American Psychiatric Association classified them as having a mental "  disorder . " A recent report by the Human Rights Campaign found that transgender people in the United States are more likely to face discrimination from employers and the effects of unemployment and poverty . Many also are denied services from safety-net providers such as emergency shelters . A poll last year found that 59 % of Americans believe transgender students should use the bathroom of their birth gender . In December , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that transgender people will receive federal protection from discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . But violence against trans people -- especially transgender women of color -- remains a national plague . According to recent statistics from the Human Rights Campaign , at least 13 transgender women were slain last year in the United States and at least seven have already been killed this year . Of those 20 victims , all but one were black or Latina . "  We are definitely in a critical moment for the trans movement . Over the last year we have ... seen an increase in visibility that was unimaginable even just a few years ago , " said Kris Hayashi , executive director of the Transgender Law Center . "  At the same time it is clear that visibility is not enough . " In one case that made national headlines , a transgender Ohio teen committed suicide in late December after her parents refused to acknowledge her wish to live as a girl . "  Transgender people are still subject to profound discrimination and violence , " said Wilchins . "  Greater acceptance is really needed , and long overdue . " When your young daughter says ` I 'm a boy ' So what impact will Bruce Jenner 's story have on all this ? Gender-rights activists are reluctant to speculate . Some fear the media firestorm around Jenner , fueled by ties to the camera-loving Kardashian clan , trivializes what is a wrenching personal journey for many people . "  You want to wish Bruce the best . But at the same time , you wish it was n't being played out for reality-TV entertainment , " said Wilchins , the gender-rights advocate . "  Yes , it 's great that we 're educating people . But we 're talking about a civil rights issue that keeps getting recast as entertainment . " As a much-hyped TV event , the Jenner interview gave millions of viewers their first exposure to gender-identity questions and put a sympathetic human face on an issue that remains perplexing to many people . But it could also trigger a backlash , some say . Amy Stone , associate professor of sociology and anthropology at Trinity University in San Antonio , Texas , fears Jenner could provoke those who already are averse to gay or transgender people . Such people "  tend to use these moments to frighten the general public , relying on fears about trans women in bathrooms or locker rooms , " said Stone , author of numerous books about queer politics and culture . "  Usually these moments tap into pre-existing panics about gender or sexuality , not necessarily spawning new ones . "	Olympic hero Bruce Jenner appears on Vanity Fair cover as "  Caitlyn " Transgender people in the United States are riding an unprecedented wave of visibility Shows such as "  Transparent , " "  Orange is the New Black " have raised awareness
New York  CNN  -- They called them the "  human bucket brigade . " National Guard troops lined up in stairwells at Bellevue Hospital , carrying oil for generators up 13 flights of stairs . Superstorm Sandy had knocked out the hospital 's power , and flooding had wiped out basement fuel pumps designed to power its generators . On Wednesday , when officials at one of the country 's largest hospitals decided the storm damage was too extensive to keep the facility running , those same troops helped carry patients down flights of stairs to waiting ambulances , said Alan Aviles , president of New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation . The troops were "  tireless , " he said , thanking them for their efforts . Dr. Gupta : Saving Baby Emma in the storm More than half of the 725 patients who were inside Bellevue when the storm hit have been transferred , Aviles told CNN on Wednesday evening . The remaining 260 patients will be evacuated by Thursday , he said . Dozens of ambulances lined up outside the hospital to carry patients to other facilities . Officials had hoped to keep the hospital running , Aviles said , but an investigation Wednesday revealed that the damage had been too extensive . "  The emergency generators were just not enough to keep this hospital operating for the long term , " he said . Bellevue is along the East River , just north of Manhattan 's 26th Street . Floodwaters poured into the massive hospital 's 1-million-square-foot basement , Aviles said , damaging fuel pumps and water pumps that supply the complex . None of the hospital 's 32 elevators is working , he said . "  It was obviously not anticipated that we would get a storm surge of this magnitude . ... We 've never seen anything like this at Bellevue Hospital , " Aviles said . Officials estimate that 17 million gallons of water rushed into the hospital 's basement , he said . 7 ways to manage stress in a disaster Most of the critically ill patients have already been evacuated , said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , who was reporting from outside the hospital Wednesday . Gupta said moving such patients is a particularly difficult process . "  It can be very challenging ... even to transfer them within the hospital from one floor to the next . That can be a real challenge , " Gupta said . "  It 's a very coordinated process . You always plan for the worst-case scenario . Everything from a patient 's heart rate to their body temperature can change . " Gupta said evacuating the remaining patients is "  likely to be more methodical , a little bit slower , perhaps even look a little more organized than over the last 24 hours . " Aviles told reporters that it was too soon to tell when the hospital would be up and running again . "  If we can get this hospital back and operating in two or three weeks , we will be doing very well , " he said . Hurricane safety : When the lights go out Bellevue is just a few blocks away from NYU 's Langone Medical Center , where staff evacuated about 260 patients -- including newborn babies that had been in intensive care -- after the storm hit . At times with only flashlights to illuminate the way , hospital employees carried some patients down 15 flights of stairs to ambulances ready to take them to the safety of other hospitals . Langone did n't anticipate such heavy flooding from Sandy and chose not to evacuate all its patients before the storm . But as the storm hit Monday night , the hospital 's basement , lower floors and elevator shafts filled with 10 to 12 feet of water , and the hospital lost its power , according to Dr. Andrew Brotman , senior vice president and vice dean for clinical affairs and strategy . "  Things went downhill very , very rapidly and very unexpectedly , " Brotman said . "  The flooding was just unprecedented . " NYU doctor to CNN 's Piers Morgan : "  We are always prepared " CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 've never seen anything like this , " a hospital official says National Guard troops carried patients out of the hospital , he says After the storm , troops formed a "  bucket brigade " to carry fuel to generators The hospital is near another hospital forced to evacuate patients after the storm
CNN  -- Unidentified men attack journalists , brandishing guns , and snatch cameras . Local television channels are suddenly blocked or replaced . An international news organization is told by a hotel manager to stop broadcasting . These are just some tales from the field in Crimea , the embattled Ukrainian peninsula that 's at the heart of the struggle between Moscow , Kiev and the West . As the world watches a region on the brink of war , stories of harassment and internal pressures are making headlines . A U.N. envoy was threatened by armed men and driven out of the country . A Ukrainian worker must think carefully before answering his boss ' question : "  Are you for Ukraine or for Russia ? " European military observers , invited by the Ukrainian government , are stopped at a checkpoint by armed and masked men , one of whom says in Russian : "  I 've been ordered by the government of Crimea not to let anyone in . " It 's on the media to help provide an accurate picture of what 's happening on the ground in Crimea . And now that picture is becoming more difficult to paint . Some would say , what 's happening , is downright disturbing . A security camera in Simferopol , Crimea 's capital , captured the image of a Bulgarian freelance journalist and his assistant being attacked . CNN 's Michael Holmes said the two were spotted as they filmed masked men "  removing TV equipment from another television outfit and basically stealing it . " When those men saw that they were being filmed , Holmes learned , they pounced -- wrestling the journalist to the ground , snatching the equipment and at one point even holding a gun to the journalist 's head . In signs that the pro-Russian Crimean authorities are clamping down on dissent within the peninsula , at least two Ukrainian channels , 1 +1 and Channel 5 , have been blocked from ground-based broadcasting . The head of 1 +1 told CNN that Russian state TV outlet Channel One is now broadcasting on its frequency . And now , CNN , too , is feeling some heat . "  Tensions are high , even where we are at this hotel , " CNN 's Ann Coren told Wolf Blitzer during a Thursday broadcast from the confines of a hotel room . "  Management came and approached us and told us that we are no longer allowed to broadcast from this hotel . " The assumption , she said , is that the hotel is kowtowing to outside forces , either the Crimean government , which is known to be pro-Russian , or local militia . CNN has not shied away from reporting about Russian forces being on the ground in Crimea , which Russian President Vladimir Putin denies , and that may have ruffled feathers . "  We 've been operating here for over a week -- happily , no problems whatsoever . But obviously somebody is putting pressure on the manager of this hotel and basically threatening to shut us down and kick us out , " Coren said . "  Hopefully , hopefully , tomorrow we 'll still be here . " CNN 's Matthew Chance , Diana Magnay , Ben Wedeman and Tim Schwarz also contributed to this report .	Journalists are threatened , cameras stolen , channels blocked Crimea coverage shows tensions in crisis over Ukraine Hotel orders CNN to stop broadcasts
CNN  -- Most of those killed on the helicopter that crashed in eastern Afghanistan overnight were a part of the fighting force known as the Navy SEALs , two U.S. government officials said . The men who died were not the ones who killed Osama bin Laden in May , but they belonged to the same unit , a military official said . The group has its origins in World War II , when the United States realized that to invade Japan , it needed savvy , quick-thinking fighters who could perform reconnaissance at sea . Beyond tactical expertise , the SEALs -- short for Sea , Air and Land teams -- needed to have extraordinary physical strength . According to the SEAL web site , they became known as jack-of-all-trade troops , able to survey China 's Yangtze River disguised as Chinese nationals in 1945 or conduct demolition raids on railroad tunnels and bridges along the Korean coast during the Korean War . It was the SEALs who were sent to kill bin Laden in Pakistan , ending a decade-long manhunt . The SEALs did not get their name until after President Kennedy spoke about his admiration for special forces troops and his hope that the U.S. military would better enhance its capacity for unconventional warfare , counter guerrilla and clandestine operations . There was a new and pressing need for more advanced military techniques during the time . Among other missions , the SEALs were deployed to act as advisers and train South Vietnamese commandos . Vietnam was the first American war to be broadcast widely on television and media , and woven into popular culture for mainstream consumption . It solidified the image of the SEALs as the ultimate tough guy , a reputation burnished by reports of SEALs ' ability to do face-to-face combat with Vietcong and stories of their work with the CIA . The relationship between America 's spy agency and its elite troops was crucial to gaining real-time intelligence for missions sometimes carried out at the last minute -- perhaps an asset more important now than ever , experts have said . The war against al Qaeda is just as much about obtaining reliable intelligence as it is winning on the battlefield . SEALs victories have been many . During Vietnam , they performed a covert operation called the Phoenix Program which captured Vietcong sympathizers . In the Iran-Iraq war , SEAL teams conducted missions to counter Iranian mine-laying boats . The first military flag officer to set foot in Afghanistan after September 11 , 2001 , was a SEAL in charge of all special operations for Central Command , according to the SEALs history page on its web site . The site says SEALs commanded Task Force K-BAR which oversaw the Navy , Air Force and Coalition Special Operation Forces at the beginning of Operation Enduring Freedom which carried out more than 75 special reconnaissance and direct action missions , destroyed more than 500,000 pounds of explosives and weapons , identified enemy personnel and conducted operations that searched for terrorists trying to flee the country by sea . The largest deployment of SEALs in the group 's history came during the Iraq War , with SEALs directing missions that included securing all of the southern oil infrastructures of the Al-Faw peninsula and the off-shore gas and oil terminals , clearing critical waterways so that aid could flow into the country . Several high-value terrorist targets were captured by the SEALs , including Ahmed Hashim Abed , the alleged mastermind of the murder and mutilation of four Blackwater guards in Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 . Another recent high-profile mission came in 2009 when a SEAL team rescued the American captain of the cargo ship Maersk Alabama , which had been hijacked by Somali pirates off Somalia 's coast . SEAL snipers were on the deck of a ship and fired simultaneously three times , hitting three pirates who were holding the captain . Ultimate test SEAL training is "  the ultimate test for a guy , " said Chris Heben , a former SEAL with 10 years of experience carrying out missions in Africa , the Middle East and Afghanistan . It 's social , physical and psychological and tests how well the man can work with others given intense pressure and pain . SEALs train between 18 and 24 months , with the pinnacle of training coming during Hell Week , five days in which trainees are constantly cold , hungry , sleep deprived and wet . During Hell week , instructors deprive the participants of sleep , then let them hit the rack just long enough for REM to begin , said Brandon Tyler Webb , a former SEAL who ran the sniper program at the Navy Special Warfare Command and was part of combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan . Instructors are constantly yelling , "  Go ahead , quit if you like ! " Many do . The attrition rate for SEAL training is about 90 percent , Heben and Webb said . Most recruits drop out long before Hell Week because they ca n't take the training , which involves running 15 miles , topped with a 2-mile open water swim and other intense physical conditioning , Webb said . "  Every day is like climbing Mount Everest , " Heben said . "  You just keep doing what 's in front of you . You do n't look up . " Training instructors make you feel like "  you 're part of an Indian tribe , " Heben said . "  There 's a lot of back patting and verbal reinforcement . You feel like you 're part of something and you 're doing great things . But they definitely let you know when you 're not doing something right . " The discipline from SEAL training was intensely satisfying to Heben in his early 20s . He had gone to college , and though he was very bright , he was spending more time working out than on his class work . He was restless . Four walls and books just were n't his thing . Despite unimpressive grades , at 23 he got a job working in home mortgages making $ 63,000 a year . Then one day he read an article about the SEALs in Popular Mechanics . "  I enlisted in the Navy immediately , " Heben said . "  I asked the recruiter , ` What is the fastest track to becoming a SEAL ? I 'll take that . ' " Though he wo n't discuss specific areas of countries where he 's carried out missions , he said that he normally trained for missions on exact mock-ups of a targeted location .	Most of those killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash were Navy Seals , officials say Men killed were not bin Laden 's killers but belonged to same unit SEALs are not Rambo wannabes , said a former member Keeping quiet is a SEAL code ; they do n't brag about their missions
CNN  -- If you 're overweight , slimming down will make you feel great , right ? For John Janetzko , embracing his own body took more than just weight loss . The 24-year-old chemistry Ph.D. candidate at Harvard is just under 6 feet tall , and struggled with his body image for years . Even after losing 125 pounds , he still felt fat , and pushed himself in unhealthy ways in terms of diet and fitness . These days , at a lean 165 pounds , Janetzko feels more confident and generally better about himself . "  I feel more generically attractive in terms of what society 's views are , " he said . "  But I guess I also feel like that was something I thought would be very quick , and would sort of happen right away . " Getting motivated In childhood , Janetzko heard from his pediatrician that his weight was n't healthy so many times that he became desensitized to it . But as his father remembers it , he was n't ever really fat . Intense studying and bad eating habits piled on pounds during college . By the fall of junior year , Janetzko weighed about 290 pounds . "  I would always be sort of afraid of how I thought people would think of me , " he said . "  I always expected my girlfriend at the time would find someone better . " The first stage of Janetzko 's weight loss came when he lived at home in Toronto during college . A friend encouraged Janetzko to go to the gym with him , even offering to buy him running shoes . Janetzko started going to the gym often , focusing on jogging and light weights . Instead of greasy takeout meals from food stands , Janetzko started picking up leaner options such as grilled chicken and broccoli , and cooked more on weekends . His father helped cook when Janetzko was busy . "  I started with the idea that being very strict with my diet was the solution , " he said . During his senior year , with graduate school applications and his father becoming ill , Janetzko slipped , forgoing the gym because there were n't enough hours in the day . His weight fluctuated , never quite bouncing back as high as it was , but still reversing some of the progress he had made . The move from Toronto to Cambridge , Massachusetts , and a breakup from a long relationship also distracted him from healthy eating . He was about 240 pounds when he entered Harvard . Graduate school jump-started his motivation again . He told himself : "  I 've had so many changes , and it 's really time to have an absolute fresh start . " How he did it During the summer of 2011 , Janetzko went to the gym consistently and cooked at least four nights a week . He had in his head a "  running clock " of calorie and protein limits for meal times , aiming for about 2,000 calories a day . Breakfast was usually a protein shake . Lunch would be salad , sandwich or burrito . Dinner would be around 1,000 calories . By the end of autumn of his first year at Harvard , he was closer to 200 pounds . On a visit home to Toronto , he ran his first 5K race , which motivated him to keep working on his fitness . Janetzko also encouraged his roommates to go with him to exercise , and helped friends with their workouts and stretches . "  I guess that was a point where I was sort of feeling happy , " he said . Focused on fitness , he competed in volleyball leagues , swam , and played squash and soccer . By mid-2012 , he was down to 170 pounds . Losing those last 60 to 70 pounds in Massachusetts brought about the most substantial physical changes in his fitness journey . "  I said , ` What happened to you ? Are they not feeding you ? ' " his father , Rainer Janetzko , remembers telling his son when he first visited after the weight loss . Generally , though , Janetzko 's new physique looks good , his father said . "  Now when he puts a suit on , he looks better . " Going too far Slim and athletic as he was , Janetzko still did n't feel good about how he looked in May 2012 . It was an awkward time he calls the "  transition " -- when he had lost a lot of weight , but his new body did n't register in his mind as a positive image . "  I would wake up in the morning , look in the mirror and feel like ` Oh God , I 'm fat and ugly and this is terrible , ' " he said . At the same time , others told him he had gotten too skinny and did n't need to get thinner . Objectively , he had reached his goal -- but he could n't see that in his reflection . He thought his mirror image still needed to lose 10 or 20 more pounds . Focused on weight loss and fitness , Janetzko did n't pay close attention to his body 's signals that it was being pushed too hard . As he ate less and started running farther and faster , Janetzko noticed he would start to get dizzy or even fall . Last semester he collapsed outside of a laboratory . "  That was a scary time for a lot of people -- my lab mates , my advisor and myself included , " he said . "  If you do n't balance your diet properly  you  ca n't go and work yourself really hard . " His aversion to overeating had gone too far -- his appetite for some foods had diminished . Friends even wondered if he had an eating disorder . "  There were days when I could barely finish half a sandwich , " he said . "  I felt full but I clearly had not taken in all of the calories I need as a functioning person . " He has since gone to nutritionists for help . He is n't as rigid about what he eats anymore , and is more flexible about his workouts . He still minimizes fried foods but tries to be more varied with meals . The Cut : What no one tells you about losing lots of weight Embracing a new self Body image disturbance is n't unusual when people lose weight , said Emily Sandoz , assistant professor of psychology at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette . Often people have huge expectations about the life changes that will result from a weight loss that do n't actually happen . "  Their experience of themselves as fat extends far beyond their actual body , " she said . "  People have to learn how to be in their skin in a new way . " Sandoz 's approach to helping people with body image problems is to shift the focus to other areas of their lives that they care about , such as work or parenting . Mindfulness -- the idea of being present and in the moment -- is incorporated in her approach to helping clients be more accepting of their bodies . Can mindfulness help manage pain and mental illness ? Over time , Janetzko has been able to reconcile his weight with his body image -- but there was no one moment where it suddenly clicked . Positive reinforcement from others and self-assurance have helped him feel better about himself . His message to others Many of Janetzko 's old friends who see his recent photos on Facebook have contacted him to ask : "  How did you do it ? " Janetzko 's bottom line is that he was intensely motivated . "  If you count your calories and you 're like , ' I want to lose weight , ' you 're going to be stuck in that forever , " he said . "  But I think if you can make changes in your lifestyle that you actually want to be doing , and then you 'll do those no matter what -- you enjoy them -- then you never have to feel like you 're trapped in a routine . "	John Janetzko weighed 290 pounds in college He overhauled his diet and fitness to lose weight Even at 170 pounds he was n't feeling great about his body image It took time and positive reinforcement to accept himself
Mugello  CNN  -- Their relationship may have become fraught during the 2013 Formula One season , so just how does Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo rate the efforts of his star driver Fernando Alonso ? "  A good eight out of 10 , " Di Montezemolo told CNN as he reflected on a season where Ferrari has played second fiddle to the all-conquering Red Bull team . The Ferrari chairman resorted to "  tweaking " his Spanish driver 's ear earlier this season after the double world champion appeared to criticize the team 's F138 car at July 's Hungarian Grand Prix . But any tension between the two seems to have eased , with Di Montezemolo awarding Alonso the eight mark for his performance this year and comparing him to some of Ferrari 's greatest ever drivers . "  I think he 's really a very , very good driver , " Di Montezemolo told CNN ahead of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . "  I 've been with drivers like Niki Lauda , Alain Prost and Michael Schumacher -- fantastic -- but Alonso in the races is really fantastic . "  Alonso has been also very good in the races to understand when was necessary to push and when it was necessary to calm down to save the tires . " Managing the tires proved difficult for most of the drivers on the grid in 2013 , with the exception being newly-crowned quadruple world champion Sebastian Vettel . With the Red Bull maestro taking the checkered flag at each of the last eight grands prix -- a record-breaking run -- Alonso has been left 145 points adrift of the German driver and in second place with one race left in the season . Alonso 's cause has not been helped by a series of events which led to the sport 's official tire supplier Pirelli ditching their 2013 rubber and reverting to the set it produced for the 2012 season . However , Di Montezemolo refused to blame the tires for a run which has seen Ferrari fail to win a race since May 's Spanish Grand Prix -- "  I never like to use the word ` excuse ' " -- preferring to focus on the success the team enjoyed in the opening rounds of the championship . "  The first half of the season we won two races , so Ferrari was far more competitive , " explained the 66-year-old . "  This is a fact ... when the tires were changed we paid a big price . "  I do n't like the formula in which a driver has to be careful not to destroy the tires . " While happy with the performance of Alonso , who will be partnered by Kimi Raikkonen in 2014 when the Finn returns to the team with which he won the drivers ' title in 2007 , Di Montezemolo was unable to contain his disappointment with the progress the team has made off the track . "  Why I am not happy this year is that we have n't been able to develop the car after a very good start of the season , " he said . "  So that was our problem . " The 2014 season will see a raft of rule changes , most significantly the mandatory use of a 1.6 liter turbocharged V6 engine which incorporates energy recovery systems . KERS , which stores up energy created while braking to provide cars with extra power , is an energy recovery system which is already used in the sport . "  I am very happy to change rules , because I do n't like formulas which aerodynamic means 90 % of the performance , " said Di Montezemolo , who hopes Ferrari can capitalize on its wealth of automotive design expertise . "  We are not building aeroplanes or satellites , we 're building cars . "  Engine , gearbox , suspensions : these are also crucial , particularly for us , because - as we said - our experience in F1 means to transfer technology to our cars . "	Luca di Montezemolo gives Fernando Alonso "  eight out of 10 " for 2013 season The Ferrari chairman at Alonso appeared to clash earlier in the year Di Montezemolo refuses to blame the tires for Ferrari 's struggles in 2013 Sunday 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix is the final race of the 2013 season
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Yoani Sanchez , a Cuban blogger and fierce critic of the governments of Raul and Fidel Castro , embarked on a long-denied trip abroad Sunday . According to Sanchez , she has been repeatedly refused an exit permit for years because of her high-profile opposition to the government . In January , Cuba ended its unpopular policy of requiring citizens to obtain a letter of invitation and an exit permit before leaving the country . Dissidents said the policy was used to punish them for their anti-government advocacy . While other government critics have left the country under the new law , Sanchez is the highest-profile figure in the dissident community to test the easing of restrictions . Flanked by international news media , Sanchez quickly checked in for her flight to Brazil on Sunday and passed through an immigration checkpoint at Havana 's Jose Marti Airport . "  In transit in Panama , " Sanchez tweeted on Sunday night during a layover on her way to Recife , Brazil , to attend a conference on freedom of expression . "  Many impressions . " Sanchez said she planned an 80-day tour of some 10 countries , including Brazil , Mexico and the United States . Much of the funding for her trip , Sanchez said , came from donors and from people offering her a place to stay for free . Sanchez has more than 400,000 followers on Twitter , but with irregular access to the Internet in Cuba , she said had been forced to communicate with the public by sending cell phone text messages that are uploaded to the social messaging service . She said beyond attending technology forums and enjoying easier access to high-speed Internet , she was looking forward to meeting some of the volunteers who translate her writings from Spanish to other languages . MJ Porter , who helps translate Sanchez 's blogs into English from her apartment in Seattle , told CNN last year she could n't wait to meet the Cuban blogger . "  I am a big crier , so I will probably cry for about an hour , " Porter said . "  Then I will laugh and then cry some more . It 's hard for me to imagine . " Sanchez said she was surprised to be able to travel , especially because some Cubans still face restrictions on leaving the country . The government still prohibits the travel of some officials , sports stars and citizens whose travel abroad violates "  public interest . " A handful of other dissidents have reported that they were informed by the government they would be barred from leaving the country . Longtime dissident Gisela Delgado said she was told by officials that even though she has a valid passport , she is on the list of Cubans who are n't permitted to travel . "  The state decides who can leave and who ca n't , " Delgado said . "  For 54 years , it 's been a way to manipulate us and divide us , the whole Cuban family . " As Sanchez made her way though Havana 's airport Sunday , she said no one needed to worry about her staying permanently outside Cuba or if the government could prevent her from returning . "  It wo n't happen , " Sanchez said . "  And if it did , all that would change would  be  instead of returning legally through an airport , I would come back on a raft . "	Activist blogger Yoani Sanchez says she 's been denied an exit permit for years In January , Cuba eased some tough restrictions on its citizens ' travel Dissidents say the policy was used to punish them Sanchez says if the government tries to prevent her return , "  I would come back on a raft "
CNN  -- Nearly three hours after the crash , David Eun walked through customs at San Francisco International Airport . By then , the adrenaline rush was subsiding enough that he could begin processing the enormity of it all . He 'd just survived a catastrophe . The Samsung executive describes himself on his Twitter profile as being an "  all-American Korean " a "  pensive optimist " and a frequent flier . He 's used to getting on planes and crossing the Pacific . He 'd been at the same airport in April for a weeklong trip to Seoul , where Samsung is headquartered . Asiana Flight 214 might have been just another plane ride for Eun . Instead , the tech savvy businessman found himself bracing for life as something went terribly wrong in the landing . And he tweeted the experience . "  I just crash landed at SFO . Tail ripped off . Most everyone seems fine . I 'm ok . Surreal ... " Other passengers on the plane described a harrowing experience . Elliott Stone could see the tarmac below him . The angle of descent seemed too sharp . The pilot tried to raise it at the last minute , said another passenger . In vain . "  And then right when it appeared to coast for the landing , all of a sudden the engine was off , like you sped up , like the pilot knew he was short . And then the back end just hit and flies up in the air and everybody 's head goes up to the ceiling . " He said the back of the plane broke off . That 's where several flight attendants were sitting . Several people watched the plane crash from the airport or other nearby areas . Still others saw it up close , sitting in other planes on the tarmac . For them it was like watching a frightening movie . Only , it was all real . Flight data recorders recovered from crash Witnesses describe unusual landing Everything looked normal at first . The plane was coming into the airport Saturday in a routine flight pattern . But then the wheels seemed too low too soon , said Dan Glickman . When a plane lands , there is typically white smoke from the friction of the wheels . But there was a large plume of white smoke when Flight 214 touched down . Then people heard a pop and a fireball burst out from underneath the aircraft . "  It just pancaked immediately . It collapsed and then it slid , " Glickman told CNN affiliate KTVU . "  It just kept sliding and sliding and sliding . I was surprised it did n't come apart . It was unreal . " Danielle Wells also saw the plane go down . "  Literally just witnessed a plane crash start to finish . I can not stop crying I ca n't believe this , " she said on Twitter . Kristina Stapchuck saw the crash from a window seat on another plane . She saw Flight 214 rock back and forth and the tail come off . Other parts came off and shattered everywhere on the runway . It looked like the plane was sliding on its belly all the way down the runway . "  It all happened so suddenly , " she said . People who watched it happen feared the worst . They could see the inside of the plane in orange glow from the fire . Smoke was billowing from the plane . One passenger on the plane shot a photograph that showed flames and smoke bursting out of the plane 's windows . Those outside thought it was instant death for everyone aboard . Flames and smoke were bursting out of many of the aircraft 's windows . Why the crash was survivable Passengers dashed from aircraft Eunice Bird Rah 's father was on Flight 214 . He sent her text messages telling her he was fine . He did n't want her to worry so he chose his words carefully . "  I think ... he did n't want me to know the full-on details of what was going on around him , " Rah said . Passengers huddled together and pushed open emergency exit doors , Stone said . Some did n't bother to use evacuation slides ; they jumped directly out onto the tarmac to save themselves . Ben Levy helped people out even though he had broken ribs . He tweeted a photo of fellow passengers sitting atop their bags . Behind them , the Asiana jet sat consumed in smoke . At the airport , witnesses said they could see people running out . "  I was happy to see that some people were running out , " said one man . "  Then I went , ` Oh my god , some people lived . ' Then emergency responders and firefighters were all over the tarmac . "  They 're evacuating the injured , " Eun tweeted again . "  Have n't felt this way since 9/11 . " He was one of the lucky ones aboard Saturday . There were 291 passengers and 16 crew members on Flight 214 . "  Friends , pls do n't call right now . I 'm fine , " he tweeted . "  Most people are totally calm and trying to let the fire and rescue do their jobs , " he said . "  Just like during 9/11 , most people are great and try to be helpful in crisis ... " The charred carcass of the jet was still on the runway . Many of Eun 's fellow passengers were in Bay Area hospitals . When he finally left customs , Eun began to think about it all -- and about all the people he cherished . Expert : Should n't have been close to hitting seawall CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Samsung executive tweeted about the Asiana Flight 214 's crash landing Other passengers describe a harrowing experience Witnesses at the airport and on other planes see crash up close Some thought it was instant death for those on board
CNN  Andreas Lubitz , the co-pilot who authorities say deliberately crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 in France , passed all his tests and medical exams and gave no voluntary indication that he was unstable or mentally ill , Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr told CNN Thursday . "  We have at Lufthansa a reporting system where crew can report without being punished their own problems or they can report about problems of others without any kind of punishment . That has n't been used either in this case , so all these safety nets we are so proud of here have not worked in this case , " Spohr said . Lubitz had been with Germanwings since September 2013 and had completed 630 hours of flight time after training at the airline 's flight center in Bremen , Germany , the company has said . Germanwings is the budget carrier for Lufthansa . The CEO said he did n't know much more than what has been released by French authorities : The captain left the cockpit , tried to regain access by knocking on the door and "  the door was either kept locked or not opened in the way it was supposed to be , and that for sure is a clear indication that the remaining pilot -- the co-pilot -- did n't want the captain to return . " Had the copilot suffered a medical emergency -- as some experts speculated in the initial hours after the accident -- there are safety procedures in place so that the pilot can re-access the cockpit , he said . That is , "  unless the person on the inside locks it and this apparently has happened here , " the CEO said . After the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , cockpit doors were manufactured to withstand manual force and small weapons , so there was "  no way to get back to the cockpit for the captain , " he said . Spohr was asked why Lubitz was allowed to be alone in the cockpit . American airlines require that any pilot leaving the flight deck be replaced by a flight attendant , so that two people remain in the cockpit at all times , but that 's not the case with all airlines internationally , CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said . An 8-minute descent to death A Lufthansa spokesman previously said that the airline complies with all German and European aviation regulations , something Spohr reiterated in his CNN interview . "  Most airlines around the world follow the same procedures as Lufthansa that in flight phases with low workload , the pilot can leave the cockpit -- especially for physical need -- and then he returns to the cockpit as fast as he can . That 's a global thing , most accepted procedure , which we have used at Lufthansa for many , many years , " Spohr said . Asked if the airline might reconsider this policy in light of Tuesday 's crash , Spohr said it was possible . "  I think we look at that as well , but we should not put the whole system at stake just because of this terrible single accident , " he said . The airline will be consulting with its own experts , aviation authorities and experts with other airlines to determine what , if any , of its procedures need to be bolstered to prevent future such accidents from occurring , Spohr said , adding that he stood strongly by the manner in which Lufthansa operates airplanes and trains its employees . "  We understand emotions after this terrible accident , but for us as professionals we need to ensure the safety focus of Lufthansa is in no way touched -- and I promise you it 's not -- and we will do our very , very best to even improve it further . " Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ? CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen conducted the interview in Cologne , Germany , and Eliott C. McLaughlin wrote the story from Atlanta . CNN 's Tim Hume contributed to this report .	"  So all these safety nets ... have not worked in this case , " Lufthansa CEO tells CNN There 's clear indication co-pilot "  did n't want the captain to return , " Carsten Spohr says
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanese voters were heading to the polls on Sunday with their main choices to lead the next government a Hezbollah-backed alliance or a U.S.-backed coalition . Hezbollah party workers in the southern town of Nabatiyah hope for an election victory . Analysts say the race will be tight , with the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " possibly winning a majority of seats in parliament . The polls opened at 1200 GMT and will close 12 hours later . Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters . About 50,000 troops were on the streets , but the run-up to the balloting had been free of violence . The vote comes at a critical time for Lebanon as it sits amid a power struggle between a weakened pro-Western government and a stronger pro-Syrian Hezbollah political bloc that has gained political momentum in recent years . The United States considers Hezbollah -- which is supported by both Syria and Iran -- to be a terrorist organization . The group grew in popularity after its militant wing claimed victory over Israel after a 34-day military conflict in 2006 . Since then , it has been more widely perceived by its supporters to be the "  defenders " of Lebanon . Though U.S. President Barack Obama did n't mention the Lebanese general election in his address on Thursday , he did call for religious tolerance in the Muslim world , noting sectarian clashes between Sunnis and Shiites and the struggles faced by religious minorities . "  The richness of religious diversity must be upheld -- whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt , " he said , referring to Christian groups in those countries . "  And if we are being honest , fault lines must be closed among Muslims as well , as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence , particularly in Iraq . " In Lebanon 's unique power-sharing government , the presidency is reserved for Maronite Christians , the speaker of parliament is always a Shia Muslim , and the prime minister is a Sunni Muslim . The law was created to balance power among Lebanon 's three main religious groups . Analysts say the Hezbollah-dominated "  March 8 alliance " may win a parliamentary majority with the support of Christian opposition leader Gen. Michel Aoun -- the only prominent Christian politician to back the bloc . "  They keep trying to scare the Christian voters with their stories about Hezbollah 's weapons , so to all of those who complain about Hezbollah , can they tell us how they will disarm the party , " Aoun told supporters Friday . "  Hezbollah 's weapons will no longer be a problem when the causes behind its existence disappear , including the borders ' issues . " A close look at Lebanon 's political landscape reveals that the country 's Christian voters are split on how they will cast their ballots . Some Christian voters want their representatives to step out of the shadows of Hezbollah and Saad Hariri , who leads the Sunni-dominated "  March 14 coalition . " Christian voters are divided between supporting Aoun and other Christian leaders who want Hezbollah to disarm . "  In these elections , Christians look more divided than ever while others seem more unified than ever , " said Shibley Telhami , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution . For the Obama administration , the elections could be indicative of the president 's odds of pushing stability in the region . Former U.S. President and Nobel Peace Prize Winner Jimmy Carter said the United States should work with whichever coalition wins . Carter was in Beirut as part of more than 200 international observers monitoring the election . He also oversaw balloting in Gaza during the elections in the Palestinian territory in January 2006 . The Palestinian militant group Hamas won that race "  fairly and squarely " by a huge margin , Carter said . The United States and Israel later refused to recognize the legitimacy of the Hamas win . "  And it 's resulted in a split in the Palestinians and a very difficult situation there , " Carter added . "  I think they  the United States  learned a hard lesson that they should accept the results of an election . " Two senior Obama administration officials -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden -- have visited Lebanon in recent months , signaling concerns with a possible Hezbollah victory . During his trip to Beirut two weeks ago , Biden warned the country that while the United States supports Lebanon 's democratic process , it will reconsider its assistance to the country if its next government strays from certain "  fundamental principles . " Biden 's visit followed Clinton 's April trip to Beirut in which she called for an "  open and free " election without outside interference -- a veiled reference to Iran and Syria . Such rhetoric has been dismissed by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah as "  meddling . " The Hezbollah leader has been increasingly vocal in the lead-up to the election , blasting the current government as powerless . However , part of the reason Lebanon 's government is crippled is that it made concessions to Hezbollah -- including giving them veto power -- in order to end a political stalemate that boiled over into violence of historic proportions last year . While some analysts are concerned Hezbollah could gain more control over Lebanon 's government after Sunday 's vote , a key Lebanese politician , Dori Chamoun , warned that assessment may be misleading . Chamoun , who opposes the March 8 alliance , said talk of Hezbollah 's possible victory may be based on "  rumors " and propaganda being spread by the Shiite militia and their political allies . "  They  Hezbollah  think they can scare many but no one is scared , " Chamoun told CNN . "  They can spread all kinds of rumors on their four TV stations saying that they will win this upcoming elections . " Chamoun , whose father , Camille Chamoun , was Lebanon 's president in the 1950s , is running for a seat in parliament . Even if a Hezbollah-dominated government does move in , it could have trouble working with Christian and Sunni Muslim politicians who -- under Lebanese law -- must participate in the government . It would also be difficult to find a Sunni political figure willing to serve as prime minister in a Hezbollah-led government since the majority of Lebanon 's prominent Sunni politicians are aligned with Hariri 's March 14 coalition , which has declared it will not participate in any government if Hezbollah wins . Lebanon 's political landscape could be shifting after a similar shift in neighboring Israel . Voters in the Jewish state overwhelmingly supported conservative parties over more moderate groups , bringing into power Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier this year . Netanyahu is viewed in the Arab world as more hawkish than his predecessor , Ehud Olmert , who ordered the war against Hezbollah in 2006 . A Hezbollah victory in Lebanon could further inflame tensions with Israel , particularly with an estimated 30,000 rockets pointed at Israel from southern Lebanon -- all under the control of Hezbollah . CNN 's Cal Perry , Octavia Nasr and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Analysts say the race will be tight Some say the Hezbollah-dominated alliance may win a parliamentary majority Turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters About 50,000 troops deploy to the streets
New York  CNN  -- Eric Garner 's mother Saturday urged the thousands of demonstrators who have taken to streets throughout nation in protest of her son 's death to "  keep on doing it , but do it in peace . " Gwen Carr , who appeared at a Harlem rally with the family lawyer of slain Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , said a demonstration the other day left her stuck in traffic on the West Side Highway in Manhattan . A protester recognized her and hugged her and "  everybody else followed , " she said . "  My heart is overflowing with joy , " she said . Esaw Garner Snipes , Garner 's widow , told the crowd that watching thousands of demonstrators from the window of her Staten Island , New York , home brought tears to her eyes . She said she told her son , "  Look at all the love your father is getting . " They spoke at a weekly rally held by the activist Rev. Al Sharpton , who will lead a march down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House next Saturday in an attempt to take the issue of racially uneven justice in America from "  moment to movement . " After the rally , Garner 's family and others gathered for a wreath-laying ceremony on the Staten Island street where he died . "  The spirit of God is moving upon the masses to make a change , " Kevin Buford , who was Garner 's friend , said at the site of the ceremony . "  I think there is going to be a change coming . Too many young men have died without no accountability . " Garner 's sister , Ellisha Flagg , spoke under a cold , steady rain of the importance of police officers knowing the communities they serve . "  I never believed we would be here like this , " she said , standing near the spot where her brother died . Saturday was the fourth day of marches , sit-ins and die-ins over a grand jury decision not to indict the police officer who put the 43-year-old Garner in a chokehold during the fatal July 17 incident . Many people around the country have been as shocked by the decision not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who put Garner in a chokehold , as they were when the cell phone video of it went viral . The outrage has weighed especially heavy after the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . When the grand jury in St. Louis County announced it would not indict Officer Darren Wilson in Brown 's death , protests dotted the American map . Likewise in the Garner case . On Saturday , dozens of protesters staged "  die ins " -- laying down on the ground in memory of Garner -- at Grand Central Station in Manhattan and Union Station in Washington . Protesters also planned to gather at Union Square in Manhattan on Saturday evening . "  Our country really needs to begin to evaluate , particularly ... white people , the assumptions we make about what is happening in the black community , " Judi Flournoy , a Los Angeles resident participating in the New York protest . "  What 's happening in these cities in these last several days is incredibly important to show we have a unified voice . " In Oakland , California , red taillights snaked for hundreds of yards down an interstate Friday , as motorists stopped for protesters blocking traffic for a few minutes . A coast away , in New York City , protesters attempted to block traffic on FDR Drive -- a six-lane thoroughfare that hugs eastern Manhattan -- and on the iron-trellised Manhattan Bridge , which connects the island to Brooklyn . But at the end of a long , cold , wet Friday , police had had enough and pulled up in detention buses . The sight of them alone was a deterrent to most protesters . After a handful were arrested , the remaining group called it a night . New York multitudes Nowhere in the country have streets overflowed with as many outraged people as in New York City . Friday 's crowds appeared to be smaller than on previous nights , as cold rain trickled down jackets and hats . But marchers were still passionate about being heard . Some passed out a list of demands to the media regarding Garner 's death . All officers involved should be fired , they demanded , and a special prosecutor should investigate complaints of excessive force . The state legislature should make chokeholds punishable . Earlier , Eric Garner 's daughter , Erica , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that she wanted to see people punished for her father 's killing . "  Justice to me is basically doing what 's right , " she said . "  I would n't be happy with  Pantaleo  just losing his job or being suspended or still getting paid . I would n't want that . I would want him to face time in jail . " She said that anyone who contributed to her father 's death should go to prison . Christmas tree die-ins At Herald Square , where Broadway cuts an elegantly slanted path through streets and avenues to create a picturesque gathering place , protesters flooded Macy 's century-old flagship store -- a national historic landmark . Store management allowed them to stage a die-in under the eyes of holiday shoppers and ceilings decked with Christmas cheer . They marched up a few blocks to Times Square and blocked traffic for 10 minutes , then turned down 42nd Street chanting , "  This is what democracy looks like . " They stopped again in Bryant Park and encircled some shops . Many of the workers in those stores came out and , in support , raised their hands in the air . The crowd set off up Sixth Avenue , traversing against the flow of yellow cabs and other cars . A cacophony of horns greeted them , and cab drivers held their hands out of their windows in approval . Chuck Helms , 67 and white , clad in a union-issue hard hat and satin Occupy Wall Street jacket , wore a sign around his neck . "  Remembering my brothers . BLACK LIVES MATTER , " it read . The faces of Eric Garner , Trayvon Martin , Tamir Rice and Akai Gurley -- all black men whose controversial deaths made headlines -- looked out from photos . Helms said , "  It 's a shame that people have to die for us to become focused . " All over America Protests dotted the American map , and crowds were diverse . Signs floated over the heads of crowds reading "  Black lives matter " in North Carolina , Ohio , California and Louisiana . On Saturday , police in Durham , North Carolina , reported the discovery of an undetonated explosive device -- described as a "  bottle with a wick and an apparent petroleum-based liquid " -- near a protest area . The night before , 31 people were arrested after about 100 protesters shut down several streets in downtown Durham , police said . It was personal for a young black man in Washington who held a sign reading , "  I could be next . " Students lay down on campus walkways for dozens of yards in a die-in at Emory University in Atlanta on Friday . Protesters lay on the streets of Washington in the darkness for 4ร 1/2 minutes , symbolizing the 4ร 1/2 hours the body of Michael Brown lay on a Ferguson street . "  I 'm not an angry black man . I 'm an outraged , hurt black man , " one protest organizer there said . Marchers in Massachusetts , Memphis Near Boston -- site of one of the largest demonstrations of the night -- several dozen people blocked an intersection by lying on the road . About 1,000 people marched Friday evening from Tufts University in Somerville , Massachusetts , to Harvard Square , according to a police estimate . "  People who do n't already realize what is happening , maybe they will open their minds a little bit , or people that do realize and do n't care will realize that people are angry and it 's not OK , " a protesting woman told CNN affiliate WHDH . In Chicago , Elizabeth Huston , a paralegal , joined in for the first time . "  So many people realize this is a problem . This is disproportionally affecting black men and women , " she said . Cleveland cop who shot 12-year-old slammed for ` immaturity ' in past job In Cleveland , marchers protested the death of Tamir Rice , 12 , who police say had a lifelike air gun and did n't comply with an officer 's commands . "  CPD what do you say ? How many kids have you killed today , " they yelled . The boy 's family on Friday filed a wrongful death suit against police , according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer . At a historic spot in the history of American civil rights , at the Martin Luther King , Jr. . Center in Memphis , Tennessee , a dozen or more people sprawled out on a walkway . Feet away was the second-floor motel balcony , where an assassin 's bullet stuck down King , the quintessential figure of the American civil rights movement , in 1968 . Brooklyn DA : Grand jury to investigate shooting of unarmed man Reported improvements Meanwhile , New York officials said complaints against police officers had fallen significantly in the second half of the year , compared with July to November 2013 . A report that tallied complaints said 1,813 were made so far since July 1 of this year , 26 % fewer than the number of complaints filed with the Civilian Complaint Review Board in the same period of the prior year . Excessive force allegations fell by 29 % . The dip followed a slight rise in the first six months of the year , the report said , but , overall , allegations have declined in 2014 . CNN 's Ray Sanchez reported from New York , Athena Jones reported from Washington and Steve Almasy reported and wrote in Atlanta . Michael Pearson , Bill Kirkos , Dave Alsup , Ben Brumfield , Jason Carroll , Ralph Ellis , Dan Merica , Dana Ford and Greg Botelho and Melanie Whitney contributed to this report .	NEW : Eric Garner 's mother urges protesters to "  keep on doing it , but do it in peace " Demonstrators marching in New York hand out list of demands that starts with police firings About 1,000 people in one protest in Boston area , police estimate Protests came after jury opted not to indict officer who put Garner in a chokehold
CNN  -- After the fall of the Berlin Wall , East Germany lay in shambles as many businesses went bankrupt and millions of people lost their jobs . Some firms , however , got back on their feet and revived the "  Made in Germany " trademark by harnessing the expertise of their workers . Their aim was to become , once again , a global brand . CNN travelled to the town of Glashรผtte in Saxony , known as the birthplace of the German watchmaking tradition . Here , watchmakers such as A. Lange & Sรถhne and Nomos Glashรผtte among others have thrived since the fall of the Wall and have since exported their high-end watches to the rest of the world . German craftsmanship It is companies like these which put their personal , unique stamp on a timeless piece which is n't assembled overnight , explained A. Lange & Sรถhne . "  It takes about four weeks for a watchmaker to put this piece together . And to learn to do this you need about five to ten years of experience , " said Marco Wolf , a watchmaker at A. Lange & Sรถhne , one of the longest-running high-end watchmakers in the world . The hand-crafted timepieces , all mechanical and made with microscopic precision , are carefully created in the former Communist town of Glashรผtte . "  That is what our customers appreciate . The love for details striving for perfection . All that with typical German attributes like solidity , cleanliness , understatement . I think that combination is what drives people and what makes them our customers , " said Wilhelm Schmid , CEO of A. Lange & Sรถhne . Attention to detail goes beyond the surface , according to Schmid , who describes how even tiny parts of the watch the customer will never see are engraved . "  And each engraver has his or her own signature style , " he added . All in the family The company 's namesake , Ferdinand Adolf Lange , founded Glashรผtte 's watchmaking tradition in 1845 . The industry flourished and for over a century Glashรผtte was Germany 's watchmaking capital . But all that changed after World War II , when Glashรผtte suddenly found itself in the Communist east part of Germany . All the watchmaking companies were nationalized and forced to build cheap watches , some of which were secretly sold in the West . After the fall of the Berlin Wall , much of the watch industry was able to get back on its feet , explained Schmid . "  There was still talent here . They were working on different watches than we are working on here today , but the talent generally speaking was there , " he said . "  So all we had to do was help them to get to the next level . " Bouncing back Fortunately for those companies , Glashรผtte has revived as Germany 's capital of watchmaking once again , employing more people than it ever has . Of the town 's 1,800 residents , 1,500 work in the watchmaking industry . Watchmaker Nomos Glashรผtte is another example of the area 's growth in the past 25 years . The company , formed two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall , says its focus on design has pushed it forward in the past 25 years . "  We have brought great and unique design to Glashรผtte , " said Uwe Ahrendt , CEO of Nomos Glashรผtte . "  We make beautiful watches and our timepieces come at very good prices , " he said . In an era of start-ups and cheaper products being made at a fraction of the cost , the anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall is a reflection of how resilient these particular watchmakers have been , and how adaptable they are in the global landscape . Read more Super fast and green ? How the new breed of sports cars is getting a makeover Read more : Want a top notch college degree but ca n't afford it ? Head to Germany Learn more : Germany by numbers : A look inside Europe 's economic powerhouse	Glashรผtte , a small town in Germany has a rich heritage of watch making Glashรผtte watches are mechanical and handcrafted The workshops were nationalized after WW II as the town was in East Germany However , they have been restored to former glory since the reunification
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ann Nixon Cooper sits back in her dining room chair , her eyes closed tight and her lips clenched , when asked if she will attend Barack Obama 's inauguration in January . Ann Nixon Cooper was born in 1902 , a time when women and black people were denied the right to vote . "  I could go and maybe would go , but I 'm not looking forward to it , " says the 106-year-old former socialite . What if Obama came to her house and asked her in person to attend ? Cooper perks up and a big smile spreads across her face . "  Oh , yes , of course I 'm ready to go ! " It 's been a whirlwind ever since Obama mentioned the African-American centenarian in his victory speech Tuesday night . Throngs of media -- from the BBC to a Japanese station to national news outlets -- have descended on her Atlanta house . Strangers have stopped by too . She 's taking it all in stride . She stayed up later than usual , until about 3 a.m. , after Obama 's speech and the phone began ringing off the hook . She had been tipped off by the Obama campaign that he 'd say something . "  Somebody told him what to say and what to do and he followed through , " she says . Watch "  I 'd be proud to meet him as anybody else " " Cooper -- who was born during a time when women and black people could n't vote -- fully understands the significance of Obama 's victory . "  Things are changing , changing , changing , and I look for more change now that it 's the first black president in victory of faith over fear , " she says . "  Do n't you know , that 's quite something to be proud of . " What would she tell Obama if she ever meets him ? "  I would n't have anything special to say about Obama . I enjoyed listening to him , but that 's all , " she says . "  I would be proud to meet him as anyone else . " She and her late husband , prominent dentist Dr. Albert Cooper , raised four children in her house . The home was a center of Atlanta 's black society and the scene of many parties . She knew Martin Luther King Jr. when he was just a boy and was close with his mother . She sometimes refers to Obama as "  that young man . " In his victory speech , Obama praised Cooper 's fight . The president-elect had learned of her story two weeks earlier after CNN profiled her when she went to the polls to vote early . Obama called her soon afterward . Watch Obama talk about Cooper in his victory speech " "  This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations , " Obama told the tens of thousands of supporters who had gathered in Chicago on Tuesday night . "  But one that 's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta . She 's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing -- Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old . "  She was born just a generation past slavery ; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky ; when someone like her could n't vote for two reasons -- because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin . "  And tonight , I think about all that she 's seen throughout her century in America -- the heartache and the hope ; the struggle and the progress ; the times we were told that we ca n't , and the people who pressed on with that American creed : Yes we can . " Cooper watched Obama 's speech from her home . "  Yeah , I knew he was talking about me -- I had been told that he would be saying these things . " See images of Cooper 's early voting extravaganza " She added that her late husband "  would be elated " a black man will be president . "  Yeah , he 'd be so tickled to death , " she said . "  We looked forward to changes . Everybody looked forward to a better life . " One of her grandsons , Albert B. Cooper , said the family has been overwhelmed with pride since Tuesday . "  It was a bigger honor than you could ever imagine to be mentioned in Obama 's speech . For her to be used as an example of the strength -- and all the changes that have gone on within the black community -- is stunning . We were touched and proud and I ca n't come up with the words , " he says . "  It 's an amazing thing . " Ann Cooper has called Atlanta home since the 1920s . She co-founded a Girls Club for African-American youth and taught community residents to read in a tutoring program at Ebenezer Baptist Church , where King preached . Celebrities , including the late singer Nat King Cole , often dropped in to visit . One time many years ago , a young student from Morehouse College stopped to visit . He spoke of dreams to become a filmmaker . That man , it turns out , was Spike Lee . "  It 's been a house with a heap of living going on in it , " Cooper said . Born in 1902 in Shelbyville , Tennessee , Cooper danced the electric slide up until the age of 103 . She has recently slowed down after suffering several heart attacks and a fractured hip . On a typical day , Cooper spends hours watching television in her wood-paneled sitting room . Her favorite shows are "  The Price is Right , " "  Oprah " and "  Dancing with the Stars . " Three of Cooper 's four children have died ; her surviving daughter is 83 . She has 14 grandchildren living and many great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren . When CNN first interviewed her in October , she said she only had one thing left to see in this world . "  I ai n't got time to die 'cause I 've got to see a black president , " she said , giggling with excitement . "  I 've got to see that . " Now , she says , "  I would be very proud if I could just meet and shake his hand . "	At 106 , Ann Nixon Cooper has witnessed pivotal moments unfold in U.S. history Atlanta , Georgia , resident sees "  more change now that it 's the first black president " What would she say to Obama ? She 'd just like to shake his hand She co-founded a Girls Club for black youths , taught community residents to read
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Days before the start of Sonia Sotomayor 's confirmation hearings , a new national poll indicates that by a narrow margin , Americans would like the Senate to confirm her as the next Supreme Court justice . Critics warn confirmation hearings for Judge Sonia Sotomayor could turn into a partisan battle . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Friday , 47 percent of people questioned would like to see the Senate vote in favor of Sotomayor 's confirmation , with 40 percent opposed and 13 percent unsure . Sotomayor , a New York federal appeals court judge , was nominated by President Obama in May to succeed retiring Supreme Court Justice David Souter . The poll suggests a partisan divide , with nearly seven in 10 Democrats supporting Sotomayor 's confirmation , Independents split , and nearly two out of three Republicans opposing Senate confirmation . Read the poll  pdf "  Republican opposition to Sotomayor 's confirmation is a higher level of opposition from the party out of power than any Supreme Court nominee has faced in the past two decades , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Only 32 percent of Republicans opposed Ruth Ginsburg 's 1993 nomination by President Bill Clinton to the high court , Holland said . "  In 2005 , when it was the GOP 's turn to appoint justices , only 35 percent of Democrats opposed John Roberts , and 46 percent of Democrats opposed Samuel Alito the following year , " Holland said . "  And even when Bush nominated Harriet Miers , opposition among Democrats to her confirmation hit only 53 percent . " The poll also indicates that Americans are split over whether senators are justified in voting against Sotomayor , based solely on her stand on the issues . Americans seem to agree that the confirmation hearings in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee , which begin Monday , could turn into a partisan battle . Six out of 10 said a major fight between Democrats and Republicans will occur , with 38 percent saying that the hearings will be a relatively easy process with bipartisan agreement . The percentage of those who would like to see Sotomayor confirmed in the CNN poll is lower than in other national surveys released in the past few weeks . "  One possible reason why the CNN poll shows less support for Sotomayor than other recent polls is a difference in the question wording , " Holland said . "  Polls by other organizations have described Sotomayor as Barack Obama 's choice for the Supreme Court . But in order to make historical comparisons , the CNN poll used a question dating back to 1987 that does not mention the president 's name . " Americans can be swayed by a familiar name , in this case Obama , when questioned about someone who has not been in the public eye , Holland said . "  Some of Obama 's popularity may have rubbed off onto Sotomayor in polls conducted by other organizations , " Holland said . "  Ultimately , however , Supreme Court nominees rise or fall on their own merits . " The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey was conducted from June 26 to 28 , with 1,026 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Almost half of Americans favor Sonia Sotomayor as Supreme Court justice , poll says Most Democrats support her while most Republicans oppose , according to poll Sotomayor would succeed retiring Justice David Souter Confirmation hearings set to start Monday
CNN  -- Former Italian international star Filippo Inzaghi scored a hat-trick as AC Milan went second in Serie A with a 5-1 win over Torino in the San Siro on Sunday . Beckham and Mathieu Flamini take part in an unusual goal celebration in the San Siro . The legendary goalscorer has now put away nine in the last six matches but it was his combination with England international David Beckham which electrified the Milan fans . Beckham , who had sat out the last two games because of a shoulder injury , set up Inzaghi for his opening two goals in the 13th and 37th minutes from a corner and a clever chip , both headed home . After the interval , Inzaghi completed his hat-trick on the hour mark before Kaka added a penalty for the fourth . Ivan Franceschini pulled one back for Torino in the 80th minute , but Massimo Ambrosini rounded off the Milan scoring in the final minute . The win sees Milan level on points with Juventus but with a better goal difference . They trail leaders Inter by 10 points . In the battle for the fourth and final Champions League qualifying spot , AS Roma beat Lecce 3-2 with captain Francesco Totti scoring twice . Fifth-placed Fiorentina hardly helped their cause with a 3-1 defeat to Udinese , missing the chance to move a place higher after Genoa lost 1-0 at home to Lazio on Saturday . Improving Roma are now three points behind Fiorentina and five adrift of fourth-placed Genoa . Kwadwo Asamoah put Udinese ahead in the 10th minute lead and Gaetano D'Agostino doubled the lead from the penalty spot early in the second half . Dario Dainelli pulled one back for La Viola after 67 minutes but D'Agostino 's second sealed three points .	Inzaghi continues impressive scoring streak with another hat-trick Returning Beckham supplies assists for opening two goals in San Siro Francesco Totti scores twice as AS Roma beat Lecce 3-2
PARIS , France  CNN  -- In a city famous for being the birthplace of the avant-garde , it can be hard to keep up with the latest trends . Here 's a rough guide to what 's hot right now in the French capital . This beat is Tecktonik : The latest dance craze to hit the Parisian streets . Tecktonik Parisian youths love their trends . The latest dance craze sweeping the city is Tecktonik , a fusion dance style usually accessorized with spiked hair and neon accessories . Look out for kids dancing in packs outside the Trocadero . You might even be lucky enough to spot a Tecktonik/breakdance dance-off . Le Scrapbooking Scrapbooking is the current craze amongst Paris ' more sedate residents . Head to Le Temple Du Scrap  13 Rue Ernest Cresson  for pretty paper supplies , trimmings , ribbons and associated frippery . Bike around town Much of Paris is walkable , but the city 's cheap bike-hire scheme , Velib , which launched in 2007 , makes dashing around the city even easier . There are thousands of bikes stashed across the city at bike stations around 300m apart . The first 30 minutes of any trip is free ; you 'll need a credit card to register with the scheme . Once you 've got your bike , you 're ready to career around the cobbled streets of Montmartre and rattle along the Seine . Cafรฉ hotspots The classic Parisian image of smoky cafes is now banished to the pavements , thanks to a smoking ban in bars and restaurants that came in at the end of 2007 . Quel dommage ! In the winter , cafรฉ culture 's hotspots are those with heated terraces . You 'll still be able to light up while you sip a petit cafรฉ crรจme , but only if you sit outside -- bring a turtleneck and a beret to keep you warm as well as stylish . Massages at the Mosque Paris is home to a large Muslim population , and La Grande Mosquรฉe de Paris  rue Geoffroy St. Hilaire .  reflects that . From the outside , the building is absolutely stunning ; it 's even more spectacular inside . Treat yourself to a massage at the hammam  Turkish bath  and you could easily think you are in Morocco . Relax post-massage by sipping a mint tea in the courtyard . Check in advance which days are for men and which are for women . Subway style Taking the subway in Paris can be a drag . Striking drivers and filthy platforms can make the Metro a misery . But the light at the end of this often dark and dingy tunnel is the Palais Royal - Musรฉe du Louvre stop , or namely the Palais Royal entrance . Like a lot of things in Paris , it 's an artwork in its own right , by French artist Jean-Michel Othoniel . His design of brightly colored class beads is a delight , and nearby Place Colette is a great spot for people watching : pull up a pew and enjoy .	Watch out for spikey-haired Parisians getting all Tecktonik -- the latest dance style Get ahead , get a bike : the city 's cheap bike-hire scheme has proved a success Marvel at the Musรฉe du Louvre 's sumptuous metro stop Get a taste of the exotic with a massage at the La Grande Mosquรฉe 's own hammam
A 70-year-old man in Saudi Arabia is disputing claims his new bride is 15 years old , and says her family has ripped him off for the large dowry he paid for the union . Human rights workers say the bride is a teenager and are outraged about the situation . CNN interviewed the man Tuesday , who said he paid a dowry to the girl 's parents for the equivalent of $ 20,000 . The marriage came to light when the man complained to a local official after his new wife left him , saying the girl 's family had taken her back and he 'd been ripped off . He also claimed that he thought she was 25 years old . He refused to provide his name to CNN . "  She is not 15 as everybody claims , " he said . "  She 's 25 years old and she 's mature enough to make her own decisions ... I was fooled by the girl 's family . " In Saudi Arabia , there is no law that stipulates a minimum age for marriage . Human rights workers say they believe there was a fight between the teen and the man , and she ran back to her family . Her father is believed to be Yemeni , her mother Saudi , the rights workers told CNN . She is from Al-Hurath village in Jizan province , in southwestern Saudi Arabia near the border with Yemen , according to Dr. Hadi Al-Yami , the head of the Asir branch of the Human Rights Commission . The group is backed by the Saudi government . The commission sent an investigator to the courthouse in Al-Hurath , Al-Yami said , and is planning to offer the girl and her family as much help as she 's able to receive , particularly legal help in case the courts require her to formally dispute the marriage . Dr. Suhaila Zein al-Abedin of the Saudi National Association for Human Rights -- also a government-backed group -- voiced concern not only about the age difference , but the circumstances of the marriage . "  When you consider the very large difference in age , it looks more like this was not a marriage , but like the girl was sold , " al-Abedin said . "  The girl 's parents need to be held responsible for this . " Some groups , such as the HRC , advocate for setting a minimum age for marriage , though they 've not said what age . The group proposes that anyone younger than 18 who wants to get married should get a court 's consent . Extremely conservative religious scholars have opposed a law that would govern the age to marry . Messages on social media reflect frustration with that opposition . Prominent Egyptian activist Mona Eltahawy tweeted , "  It 's only when there 's enough public outrage that we can fight #childmarriage . We are not angry enough to help that 15 y/o & others like her . " Yemeni activist NoonArabia tweeted , " #ChildMarriage is a violation of human rights http://www.humanrightsdefence.org/child-marriage-as-an-human-rights-issue.html ... #RunAwayBride #PTs . " Other Egyptians took to the Web . Kareem Bassem tweeted , " #ChildMarriage is a result of dehumanizing female humans and degrading them to ` treats ' in alleged paradise . Fight dehumanization ! " Related : 11-year-old girl married to 40-year-old man	The man told CNN 's Arabic team that he paid a dowry for his bride The teen ran away after a fight with the man , a human rights worker says The man says her family took her back , and he complained to a local official There is no minimum age for marriage in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Gasps punctured the air inside Boston Symphony Hall after the conductor interrupted the afternoon performance to announce to the 2,500 people in the audience that President Kennedy had been assassinated . Listening to the moment , which was captured on an audio recording , the emotions are still powerful 50 years later . The weekly Friday concert had started at 2 p.m. "  just like normal , " recalled Joseph Silverstein , then a 29-year-old violinist in his first year as the concertmaster for the Boston Symphony Orchestra . No one in the concert hall knew that , as they took their seats for the performance , their president had been fatally shot in Dallas . Thirty minutes in , the orchestra broke for a 15-minute intermission . And that , Silverstein recalled , is when this very normal day was shattered . During the intermission , Silverstein remembers huddling around the 24-inch TV in the basement , watching in horror along with 100 other musicians as Walter Cronkite delivered the news of the assassination . There was no time to react . "  I was just trying to grasp the reality of it , " Silverstein said , adding that he has never publicly shared his memories from that terrible day until now . "  We were stunned . " The orchestra had to go upstairs to an audience that remained blissfully unaware of the events in Dallas . As the group walked to the concert hall , several orchestra members openly wept , but Silverstein says they still managed to take their seats . The orchestra 's music director , Erich Leinsdorf , was going to have to break the news to the audience . Silverstein says the legendary music director was nervous , but his Austrian-tinged English was slow and deliberate while making the announcement , as if delivering the 46 words was just as painful as the initial shock of the president 's death . "  Ladies and gentlemen , we have a press report over the wires . We hope that it is unconfirmed , but we have to doubt it , " Leinsdorf told the audience . "  The president of the United States has been the victim of an assassination . " A rush of gasps and screams filled the cavernous hall . Leinsdorf continued , "  We will play the funeral march from Beethoven 's Third Symphony . " A second swell of gasps as the audience grappled with the news and the announcement that the music would go on . Seated at the end of a row , closest to the audience , Silverstein watched the stunned people react to the news . Some left the hall , but the majority remained . The audience came to their feet , standing for the entire funeral march , rising to honor the memory of their slain leader . The funeral march lasted for 12 minutes , what seemed like an eternity to Silverstein . The orchestra 's president of trustees at the time , Henry B. Cabot , a member of Boston 's noted Cabot family , walked to the stage . Cabot , who regularly attended the Friday afternoon concerts , told the audience a story about the death of his father , according to Silverstein saying that he had "  needed to hear music to help through the tragedy " because of the "  solace " music provides . Playing his violin for the remainder of the program , 30 minutes of a very surreal experience , Silverstein could barely concentrate on the music . He remembers gazing out into the audience and looking into the eyes of others in the orchestra , disbelief registering on their faces . Once the program was over , the remaining audience members stood and filed solemnly out of the hall . Not one person applauded . Silverstein himself went home to his mourning family in nearby Brookline . He remembers this event as the first of many blows to the country , as it was followed by the assassinations of Malcolm X , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert Kennedy . The shooting of the president was the "  first time anyone of us had been confronted with the situation , " he said . It was the day peace was shattered .	This week marks 50 years since JFK was assassinated Boston symphony-goers learned of his death during a weekly performance The moment is captured on an audio recording
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has pulled out of next week 's ATP tournament in Buenos Aires , posting an online video in which he apologized to both fans and organizers as he did so . The world No. 1 said he has yet to train following the back injury that hindered his performance in last month 's Australian Open final , which he lost to Switzerland 's Stanislas Wawrinka . The Copa Claro tournament starts on 10 February . "  I want to make an announcement that really fills me with sadness -- I will not be able to play in the tournament in Buenos Aires , " he said in a video posted on his official YouTube page . The news comes just two days after his team said that he was recovering well from the back problem , following a series of tests in Barcelona . The 27-year-old , who passed up the chance to draw level with American Pete Sampras on 14 grand slam titles when losing in Melbourne , had hoped to train for the first time on Thursday . His failure to do so prompted his online apology . "  Since I came back from the Australian Open with my back injury I have not been able to train , " he said in Thursday 's video , which came against a backdrop of several trophies . "  I had hoped to train this morning but could not because of a stomach virus . "  We are four days away from the tournament and without training and given what happened in Australia , it is impossible for me to prepare adequately for a competition as important as the one in Buenos Aires . " "  I 'm sorry to all my supporters and organizers , and am sad personally to be unable to return to Argentina , but I hope to come back stronger soon . " There was no word from the Spaniard on whether he believes he will be able to play in the future tournaments in Rio de Janeiro , Indian Wells and Miami . Nadal played through the pain barrier in the final in Melbourne , saying afterwards that he would never want to quit a grand slam final . Despite rallying to win the third set , the Spaniard was beaten 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 .	Rafael Nadal pulls out of next week 's event in Buenos Aires World No. 1 says stomach virus prevented him from training on Thursday Nadal has not trained since a back injury plagued him in January 's Australian Open final
CNN  -- An estimated 40,000 people in the United States are involved in professional dogfighting , an illegal blood sport with fight purses as high as $ 100,000 . The latest accusations against Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick and three other people highlight the problem . They are accused in an indictment that describes dogs being routinely executed if they did n't fight fiercely . The indictment was handed down Tuesday by a federal grand jury in Richmond , Virginia . The nightmare of dogfighting is growing , according to the Humane Society of the United States . John Goodwin , an expert on animal fighting with the Humane Society , says there are an estimated 40,000 professional dogfighters in the United States , involved in putting on fights and buying and selling fighting dogs . Watch what goes on at a high-stakes dog fight " But , Goodwin adds , there could be as many as 100,000 additional people involved in "  streetfighting " -- informal dogfighting , often involving young people in gangs . "  It 's far more pervasive than people think and it 's definitely been on the upswing in the past five to 10 years , " he told CNN . See how dogfighters operate and have their own language " Statistics from animal shelters give another indicator of the rise in dogfighting , Goodwin said . Fifteen years ago , 2 to 3 percent of the dogs coming into animal shelters were pit bulls ; now , he said , pit bulls make up about a third . At one shelter in Jersey City , New Jersey , Goodwin said , the figure is 65 percent , with 20 percent of them showing the scars that indicate they have been fighting dogs . A database run by animal advocacy group Pet-abuse . com , which collects reports of animal abuse , shows reports of dogfighting cases increased from 16 in 2000 to 127 in 2006 . The group has found 74 cases reported so far this year . Dogfighting is illegal in all 50 states . It 's a misdemeanor in Idaho and Wyoming , and a felony everywhere else . But in some states where dogfighting is a felony , it 's still perfectly legal to own a fighting dog or be a spectator at a dogfight . See where it 's legal to be a spectator " A bill signed by President Bush in May made the federal law against dogfighting tougher , by strengthening penalties to felony level . The law bans interstate commerce , import and export related to animal fighting activities . Violators can now be sentenced to three years in jail and a $ 250,000 fine . Previously the maximum sentence was a year in jail . Despite the laws , dogfighting is big business . Goodwin said it 's impossible to estimate the amount of money involved , but the purse for a top-level professional fight could be $ 100,000 . "  There are about a dozen underground dogfighting magazines , and about half a dozen ... registries that are exclusively used by either dogfighters or people that are fighting dog enthusiasts , " Goodwin said . "  You have an organized infrastructure for what is a criminal industry . " E-mail to a friend	Humane Society estimates 40,000 "  professional " dog fighters in U.S. Official says there could be an additional 100,000 "  street " dog fighters Purses at top-level dogfights may be $ 100,000 Dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in Idaho and Wyoming
Eager to highlight signs of an economy on the rebound , President Barack Obama launched a midterm election effort Thursday designed to convince voters of a vigorous recovery that a majority still doubts . At stake : the power to get anything done in Washington during the final quarter of his presidency . "  I want people the know there are some really good things happening in America , " Obama declared at Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management in Chicago , both summarizing his election-year pitch and capturing the political problem inherent in having to describe an economic recovery that many Americans still are n't feeling . "  Sometimes the noise clutters and I think confuses the nature of the reality out there , " he said before listing his economic achievements , including bailing out the American automobile sector and reducing the rolls of people without health insurance . And despite his assertion that Thursday 's remarks did n't amount to a "  political speech , " Obama took sharp aim at Republicans who have blocked his economic agenda on Capitol Hill . "  A true opposition party should have the courage to lay out their agenda , " he said , slamming GOP efforts to cut taxes for top earners . "  Nearly all the gains of the recovery have gone to the top 1 % , so I find that a little hard to swallow , " he said , in one stroke jabbing Republicans while highlighting the problems he faces in selling an economic recovery that millions of Americans have yet to feel . Although Obama can cite statistics that show a renewed U.S. economy , many Americans are still feeling battered by the downturn 's legacy : stagnant wages and not enough full-time work . In a CNN/ORC survey released Thursday , 57 % of those polled said the nation 's economy was poor , compared with 42 % who described conditions as good . While still underwater , those numbers reflect an improvement in the economic mood of the nation . A year ago , only 29 % of Americans thought the economy was good , and polls taken between then and now show a steady rise in the number of people who are feeling better about the country 's economic state . The question is whether Obama gets any credit : A CNN/ORC poll conducted in late September showed that 56 % of respondents did n't approve of how the president is handling the economy . Key Midterm races to watch Part of his challenge is explaining why the economic recovery has been so good to the coastal rich while leaving poor and middle-class Americans struggling . The poll released Thursday showed Americans who earn north of $ 100,000 per year , and those living in the Northeast and West , far more likely to describe economic conditions as good . "  Our broader economy in the aggregate has come a long way , but the gains of recovery are n't yet broadly shared or at least not broadly shared enough , " Obama said Thursday . "  The stress that families feel -- that 's real . It 's still harder than it should be to pay the bills and put away some money . Even when you 're working your tail off , it 's harder than it should be to get ahead . " As long as Americans keep citing the economy as their top issue , as they did by a wide margin in CNN 's latest survey , the White House will attempt to drive home the message that things are a lot better than they were six years ago . "  Most people this fall are going to vote on economic issues , " said Jay Carney , Obama 's former press secretary , now a CNN contributor . "  Like they often do , except in those circumstances like post-9 / 11 where they perceive an existential threat to the United States . " With a little more than a month to go before November 's vote , Obama has spent the bulk of his political energy delivering the economic message to Democratic donors at high-dollar fundraisers . He has yet to make an appearance at a campaign rally for a Democrats , though he 's expected to appear with candidates as Election Day nears .	Obama says economy is doing better despite remaining hardships In speech in Illinois , he slams Republicans for blocking agenda A majority of Americans still disapprove of how Obama has handled economy Democrats hope to win midterm voters with their economic message
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly 6.2 million students in the United States between the ages of 16 and 24 in 2007 dropped out of high school , fueling what a report released Tuesday called "  a persistent high school dropout crisis . " A new report on high school dropouts in the United States calls for a national re-enrollment strategy . The total represents 16 percent of all people in the United States in that age range in 2007 . Most of the dropouts were Latino or black , according to a report by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts , and the Alternative Schools Network in Chicago , Illinois . "  Because of the widespread , pressing nature of the crisis and the large numbers of young people who have already dropped out , a national re-enrollment strategy should be a fundamental part of America 's national education agenda , " the report says . However , the report notes , the "  absence of new funding at the federal and state level since the 1980s has led to decades of disinvestment in re-enrollment programs across the country . " Despite the funding cutbacks , there have been re-enrollment successes nationally and in a number of cities including Chicago ; Los Angeles , California ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and Portland , Oregon , the report says . "  These programs have found that young people who have left high school before earning a diploma are not dead-end dropouts , but often are in fact students waiting and looking for opportunities to re-enroll and finish high school , " the study says . "  The most successful programs are small  80-150 students  , offering comprehensive after-school and summer activities , led by experienced principals and teachers , focused on learning in the real world , well-funded with local school site program and fiscal control , and track specific , measurable outcomes for student achievement including skill gains , enrollment , attendance , credit gains , promotions and graduations . " Jesse Williams , 22 , was one of those dropouts who is now working on her degree . She said a street shooting in which one friend died and two were wounded was the start of her losing interest in school . "  My junior year I dropped out , " she said at a summit in Washington on Tuesday . "  Too much gang violence , teachers discriminating because of the color of my skin , or where I come from . " Now re-enrolled in a Chicago school dedicated to bringing dropouts back to education , Williams said , "  They help me in my classwork . I have a mentor that checks up on me monthly . She goes to my house , sees if there 's anything that I need . " Researchers for the study analyzed the U.S. Census Bureau American Community Surveys , household data from the Current Population Survey , national data on GED certificate awards and other official sources to examine the problem at the national level and in the nation 's 12 largest states : California , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas and Virginia . Men and blacks and Hispanics of both genders are among those particularly prone to dropping out of high school . "  As these data show , this dropout crisis is disproportionately affecting America 's communities of color , " said Marc Morial , president and chief executive officer of the National Urban League . "  Youth from all communities deserve an equal chance at educational success . " Among the findings in the report , "  Left Behind in America : The Nation 's Dropout Crisis : " The dropout situation at the state level was similarly widespread : The report emphasized the importance of having at least a high school education . "  In the current global economy , having at least a high school diploma is a critical step for avoiding poverty , and a college degree is a prerequisite for a well-paying job , " the study says . "  The costs of dropping out of high school today are substantial and have risen over time , especially for young men , who find it almost impossible to earn an adequate income to take care of themselves and their families . " The report goes on to note : "  Americans without a high school diploma have considerably lower earning power and job opportunities in today 's workforce . Over a working lifetime from ages 18-64 , high school dropouts are estimated to earn $ 400,000 less than those that graduated from high school . For males , the lifetime earnings loss is nearly $ 485,000 and exceeds $ 500,000 in many large states . Due to their lower lifetime earnings and other sources of market incomes , dropouts will contribute far less in federal , state and local taxes than they will receive in cash benefits , in-kind transfers and correctional costs . Over their lifetimes , this will impose a net fiscal burden on the rest of society . "  By contrast , adults with high school diplomas contribute major fiscal benefits to the country over their lifetime . The combined lifetime fiscal benefits -- including the payment of payroll , federal , and state income taxes -- could amount to more than $ 250,000 per graduated student . Such a public fiscal benefit more than outweighs the estimated cost of enrolling a student who has dropped out . "	Newly released study examines rates of high school dropouts Study finds African-American and Latino youths prevalent among dropouts Urban League head : crisis hitting "  America 's communities of color " Report also emphasizes importance of obtaining high school diploma
CNN  -- Six degrees of separation , that 's all there is between any two people on the planet . At least that 's what some would have you believe . Others would tell you that no person is ever more than six steps away from Kevin Bacon . With two of the biggest sporting events on the planet set to get under way in New Jersey and Russia in the next few days , CNN has put that theory to the test -- and bettered it . Sadly there 's no Kevin Bacon  trust me , I tried  but above are some of the more obscure links between the National Football League 's biggest game and the Winter Olympics . Click on the three chains we 've put together which connect Russia to the showdown at New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium . From skier Julia Mancuso to cornerback Richard Sherman , the Seattle Seahawks to Cossacks and from snowboarder Shaun White to star quarterback Peyton Manning . From Seattle to Sochi , it 's all connected . Blog : Is Sochi the safest place in Russia ? Blog : Global domination -- NFL vs. NBA	The opening ceremony for Sochi 2014 will take place on February 7 The Super Bowl will be played at New Year 's MetLife Stadium on Sunday The Seattle Seahawks take on the Denver Broncos in New Jersey
CNN  -- If you 've ever looked closely at a newly minted penny , you 've probably been struck by its sheer beauty . Abraham Lincoln 's bearded , chiseled , copper face shines forth beneath the proclamation of "  In God We Trust " and beside the quintessential American motto , "  Liberty . " Americans revere the penny , as it encapsulates a history lesson -- Lincoln brought freedom to so many -- and a civics lesson all in one . But increasingly , Americans have stopped using the penny , as we turn toward electronic payments and away from cash . Sadly , inevitably , like so many other beautiful , venerated historical objects , it appears that the penny now belongs in a museum . Earlier this week , President Barack Obama asked Congress for permission to change the mix of metal that goes into making pennies and nickels . He based this recommendation because it costs taxpayers about 2.4 cents to make each penny and 11.2 cents to make each nickel . In fact , the costs of using such coins are even higher . Poor Richard , aka Benjamin Franklin , recognized that "  time is money . " How much is our time worth ? The average American earns a little more than one penny for every two seconds of work . Unfortunately , when there 's a penny involved in the transaction , it takes a couple extra seconds to fumble around for the coin and complete the purchase . Thus , for many people , time is more valuable than this money , and increasingly we throw away pennies , lose them , do n't bother to collect them to return to the store or let them pile up in jars . Stores pay out more pennies than they receive , so the order goes down the line to make more pennies , which are often lost and ignored -- repeating this vicious cycle . Unfortunately , the U.S. Mint wo n't find a miracle metal that will make pennies worthwhile . The bottom line is that even if pennies could be created out of thin air , the cost of our time would outweigh the gains from using the penny . For nickels , the math works out better , so I 'll second the president 's call to begin making nickels out of less costly metal , rather than consigning them to the history books . People from across the political spectrum should unite to retire the penny . Conservatives care about the color red -- they hate the red ink that losses by the U.S. Mint impose on taxpayers . Conservatives also loathe inflation , but unfortunately , the penny 's value has been slowly eroded by inflation over the years , so the penny is n't worth a red cent any more . Liberals love the color green . A penny will turn a sour shade of green if you leave it out in the elements long enough , but it 's environmentally un-green . Using pennies means an increase in zinc and copper mining , an increase in energy use and pollution at these mines and an increase in energy use and pollution as the government , banks and businesses put rolls of pennies into sacks and lug them from place to place . Penny advocates worry that customers will be ripped off if Congress kills the penny . In a penny-free world , sellers would round your bill to the nearest nickel for cash purchases . Purchases totaling $ 4.98 or $ 4.99 , for example , would be rounded up to an even $ 5 , while those equaling $ 5.01 or $ 5.02 would be rounded down to $ 5 . Since so many retail prices end in a 9 , the fear has been that this rounding will gouge consumers . This worry is unfounded . I calculated the magnitude of this "  rounding tax " after obtaining data on nearly 200,000 transactions from a multistate convenience store chain . The data reveal that the "  rounding tax " is a myth . In reality , the number of times consumers ' bills would be rounded upward is almost exactly equal to the number of times that they would be rounded downward . It turns out rounding would have given customers in my study a tiny gain of about 1 cent per every 40 purchases . "  Why , oh why , has it taken so long to recognize reality ?? Get it done -LSB- eliminate the penny -RSB- , and you will deserve the Nobel Prize ! " That 's the encouragement I received after former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker read about my findings . Nobel Prize , hmmm ... that 's worth almost 150 million pennies . You could start a museum with that ... Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Whaples .	It costs taxpayers about 2.4 cents to make each penny Robert Whaples : Americans using the penny less as they turn toward electronic payments He says the U.S. Mint wo n't find a miracle metal that will make pennies worthwhile Whaples : People from across the political spectrum should unite to retire the penny
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted unanimously Thursday to impeach Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana , making him the nation 's 15th federal judge ever impeached . "  Our investigation found that Judge Porteous participated in a pattern of corrupt conduct for years , " said U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Task Force on Judicial Impeachment . "  Litigants have the right to expect a judge hearing their case will be fair and impartial , and avoid even the appearance of impropriety . Regrettably , no one can have that expectation in Judge Porteous ' courtroom . " After the impeachment vote , Schiff and Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , were named the lead impeachment managers for the Senate trial , which will decide whether to remove Porteous from the bench . "  Today 's vote marks only the second time in over 20 years that this has occurred , " Goodlatte said in a House news release . "  However , when evidence emerges that an individual is abusing his judicial office for his own advantage , the integrity of the entire judicial system becomes compromised . " In a statement , Porteous ' lawyer Richard W. Westling said the Justice Department had decided not to prosecute because it did not have credible evidence . "  Unfortunately , the House has decided to disregard the Justice Department 's decision and to move forward with impeachment . As a result , we will now turn to the Senate to seek a full and fair hearing of all of the evidence . " In a telephone interview , Westling said he did not know when the Senate trial would be held . "  There are no clear rules that dictate timing , " he said . Last year , the Task Force on Judicial Impeachment held evidentiary hearings that led to unanimous approval of the four articles of impeachment , citing evidence that Porteous "  intentionally made material false statements and representations under penalty of perjury , engaged in a corrupt kickback scheme , solicited and accepted unlawful gifts , and intentionally misled the Senate during his confirmation proceedings , " the House release said . Porteous was appointed to the federal bench in 1994 . In 2007 , after an FBI and federal grand jury investigation , the Justice Department alleged "  pervasive misconduct " by Porteous and evidence "  that Judge Porteous may have violated federal and state criminal laws , controlling canons of judicial conduct , rules of professional responsibility , and conducted himself in a manner antithetical to the constitutional standard of good behavior required of all federal judges . " The complaint said the department opted not to seek criminal charges for reasons that included issues of statute of limitations and other factors . But Westling said the statute of limitations was not applicable . An Impeachment Task Force held four hearings late last year that focused on allegations of misconduct by Porteous , including : -- Involvement in a corrupt kickback scheme -- Failure to recuse himself from a case he was involved in -- Allegations that Porteous made false and misleading statements , including concealing debts and gambling losses -- Allegations that Porteous asked for and accepted "  numerous things of value , including meals , trips , home and car repairs , for his personal use and benefit " while taking official actions on behalf of his benefactors -- Allegations that Porteous lied about his past to the U.S. Senate and to the FBI about his nomination to the federal bench "  in order to conceal corrupt relationships , " Schiff said in his floor statement as prepared for delivery Porteous was invited to testify , but he declined to do so , Schiff said . "  His long-standing pattern of corrupt activity , so utterly lacking in honesty and integrity , demonstrates his unfitness to serve as a United States District Court judge , " he said . Porteous , 63 , has not worked as a judge since he was suspended with pay in the fall of 2008 , Westling said . The last federal judge impeachment occurred last year , when Judge Samuel B. Kent of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas resigned after being impeached on charges of sexual assault , obstructing and impeding an official proceeding , and making false and misleading statements , according to the Web site of the Federal Judicial Center . The Senate , sitting as a court of impeachment , dismissed the articles . Before then , Judge Walter L. Nixon of U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi was impeached in 1989 on charges of perjury before a federal grand jury . The Senate convicted him and removed him from office that year .	Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. was impeached by U.S. House of Representatives Porteous is from U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana Rep. Adam Schiff : Porteous "  participated in a pattern of corrupt conduct for years "
CNN  -- Twenty-one U.N. peacekeepers detained by Syrian rebels this week could soon be released , representatives for the United Nations and a Syrian opposition group said Friday . "  All the parties " have agreed to a release of the 21 held since Wednesday , and the U.N. peacekeeping agency has dispatched a team to help collect them , U.N. spokeswoman Josephine Guerrero said . But the effort was called off Friday due to darkness , and the team will try again on Saturday , Guerrero said . Rebels had detained the peacekeepers , identified by the Philippine government as Filipino , in a Syrian village near the Golan Heights . Syrian opposition coalition President Moaz al-Khatib said Thursday that the rebels took the peacekeepers for their own safety due to fighting there . The peacekeepers reportedly are unharmed . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based Syrian opposition group , said Friday that the peacekeepers are expected to be released between 10 a.m. and noon Saturday in Syria , citing one of its rebel contacts . The release is contingent on a cease-fire between government forces and rebels around the village of Jamlah , where the peacekeepers are said to be held , the group said . Government forces shelled the area Friday , according to the Syrian National Coalition , the principal Syrian opposition group . The rebels will hold Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime responsible "  for any harm that would happen to the U.N. employees , " a statement from the coalition said . Late Friday , a man who said he was one of the peacekeepers told the Arabic news network Al-Arabiya via Skype that he expects to be released Saturday . "  The reason for the delay is the shelling , " he told Al-Arabiya . "  We were about to be released this evening , but the shelling resumed . All 21 peacekeepers are safe and treated well . " CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the interview . Earlier this week , a video posted on the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ' YouTube website showed six of the peacekeepers sitting in a room . CNN could n't immediately verify the authenticity of the video . In it , one peacekeeper gives a statement to the camera : "  We are here safe in this place . We are here because while we are passing through position  unintelligible  to Jamlah , there were bombing and artillery fires . This is why we stopped and , civilian people tell us , for our safety , and distributed us in different places to keep us safe . And they give us good accommodation and give us food to eat and water to drink . " The rebels have said the peacekeepers entered the village near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , an area where peacekeepers should not be and where intense fighting has been raging for days between rebels and government forces . The rebels initially said they suspected the peacekeepers were trying to aid their enemy -- the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The United Nations said the peacekeepers were on a "  regular supply mission . " Two other videos that rebels posted on YouTube present the rebels ' point of view . In one , a rebel insists that the peacekeepers will be held until al-Assad 's forces withdraw from the village of al-Jamlah . The other video shows rebels walking near several U.N. trucks . "  This U.N. force entered Jamlah village to assist the regime ... and  the U.N. is  claiming that they are here just to stop the clashing , " a rebel says . Members of the U.N. Security Council condemned the detention of the peacekeepers . The unrest in Syria began in March 2011 , when al-Assad 's government began a brutal crackdown on demonstrators calling for greater political freedoms . The protest movement eventually devolved into an armed conflict , one that has devastated cities and towns around the country and spurred more than 720,000 Syrians to flee to neighboring nations , according to the U.N. refugee agency . This story was reported by CNN 's Richard Roth from the U.N. and Hamdi Alkhshali from Atlanta , and written by Jason Hanna in Atlanta . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed from Atlanta .	U.N. : Team sent to collect peacekeepers , but darkness Friday means pickup delayed a day Syrian opposition group : Release set for Saturday morning , if cease-fire holds Peacekeepers were taken Wednesday from area near the Golan Heights ; U.N. demands their release
CNN  -- President Obama is about to send up to 300 military advisers to Iraq in an attempt to stabilize a situation that is rapidly disintegrating . Obama had hoped that the end of the Iraq war would be a key accomplishment of his administration . But just as he thought it was safe to get out , the President is finding himself drawn back , as violence has been spreading throughout Iraq . Understanding that American patience for another war is limited , President Obama promises this mission will be contained . But mission creep is difficult to avoid . The history of military involvement shows that many operations that start small end big . While the United States initially entered Korea to try to get the North Koreans out of South Korea after an invasion , President Harry Truman found himself presiding over a full-scale military mobilization that lasted three years , cost over 30,000 lives and helped bring down his administration . Vietnam started small , with military advisers under Presidents Dwight Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy . Even when President Lyndon Johnson requested from Congress the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution that granted him broad authority to use military force , he did n't imagine how big the conflict would become , resulting in the death of nearly 60,000 U.S. soldiers and dramatically undermining America 's role in the world . Examples of mission creep continued . George H.W. Bush had 30,000 troops enter into a peacekeeping mission in Somalia . The mission did n't go so well . As a result of an attack on U.N. forces by a warlord in the country , the operation expanded and President Clinton found himself ordering more expansive operations . Although George H.W. Bush was determined to stick to his goal of kicking Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait in 1990 and 1991 , once troops were in the region , the United States became committed to ongoing engagement with Hussein as he flouted U.N. resolutions . In Afghanistan and Iraq after 9/11 , the United States vastly broadened the scale and scope of its operations as challenges of post-regime reconstruction proved immense . Why does it prove so difficult to contain operations ? Why is mission creep so common ? Most importantly , war inherently involves many moving parts , most of which are not under the control of the commander in chief . Often , as was the case with South Vietnam in the 1960s , allies prove difficult to rely on and cause problems of their own , while opponents frequently are capable of causing far more trouble than expected , even when they have fewer resources than the United States . Although a mission might seem small at first , the logic of war creates new dangers for advisers or soldiers in the field and makes it very difficult to avoid pouring more resources into a problem . Domestic politics also matter . Very often the political pressures to escalate intensify once a president has committed forces to a region , particularly in the early years of a conflict . Both parties , as was the case with the Cold War and in the aftermath of 9/11 , vie to be the party that will be tougher against the nation 's adversary . Neither party wants to look weak , to be the party , as Republicans said of Democrats after 1949 , that lost China to communism . Finally , in this day and age , many of the missions that involve U.S. troops are not clear-cut or well defined . It is unclear what victory even looks like anymore . During the war against terrorism , the United States has found itself drawn into operations where it is trying to create stable government structures that will not house terrorist networks or work on a continuous basis in countries to fight against fundamentalist forces . None of this lends itself to a quick end or to limited involvement . President Obama might get lucky and find that the advisers he sent to do the job get the job done . But history shows that mission creep can also happen quite quickly , and the President could easily find himself forced to send more troops than he expected into the quagmire of Iraq .	President Obama plans to send 300 military advisers to Iraq to stabilize conflict Julian Zelizer : History shows us that mission creep is difficult to avoid He says many operations - in Korea , Vietnam , Somalia - start small but end big Zelizer : Obama could find himself forced to send more troops than he expected
CNN  -- A man originally from Eritrea was sentenced Wednesday to more than nine years in U.S. federal prison after pleading guilty last year to conspiring with Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked terror organization , prosecutors said . Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed , a 38-year-old resident of Sweden , received his 111-month sentence in a New York City federal court , said Preet Bharara , U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York . Ahmed traveled to Somalia to receive military training from the terror group , federal officials said . Al-Shabaab has made several public statements threatening to harm the United States . "  Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed traveled thousands of miles to align himself with al-Shabaab , to aid their campaign of terror and to learn their ` ways of war , ' " Bharara said in a statement . "  Today , his journey ends in prison and marks the latest victory in our constant effort to protect Americans from terrorism at home and abroad . " In addition to the prison term , Ahmed will be deported upon completion of his sentence , prosecutors said . Ahmed pleaded guilty last June to one count of conspiracy to provide material support to the terrorist organization Al-Shabaab and one count of conspiracy to receive military-type training from it , prosecutors said . In a March 29 , 2012 , letter to a federal judge , prosecutors said a former top leader of Al-Shabaab may have testified against Ahmed if his case were to go to trial . That former leader is Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame , who also had ties to al Qaeda and who secretly pleaded guilty in 2011 to federal charges , the Justice Department said Monday . He has provided the U.S. government with valuable intelligence information , the Justice Department said . The U.S. military captured Warsame at sea in April 2011 while he was traveling from Yemen to Somalia . He pleaded guilty in New York the following December to nine terrorism charges . Al-Shabaab has tried to destabilize the government of Somalia in a "  holy war " and has recruited foreign fighters from other countries , including the United States , to engage in violent jihad , prosecutors said . Ahmed was arrested in Nigeria in 2009 after authorities say he traveled to Somalia to undergo bomb-making and bomb-detonation training from members of Al-Shabaab , authorities said . While he was in Somalia , Ahmed paid 3,000 euros  about $ 3,830  to Al-Shabaab and gave an AK-47 rifle and magazines to a military commander in the group , according to court documents .	Mohamed Ibrahim Ahmed is sentenced to 111 months in prison He will be deported upon completion of his sentence The 38-year-old resident of Sweden is originally from Eritrea He pleaded guilty last year to conspiring with terror group Al-Shabaab
CNN  -- Canadian authorities are trying to determine what caused a jetliner to crash near the remote Arctic outpost of Resolute Bay , killing 12 people . The jet , operated by Ontario-based carrier First Air , went down about 8 kilometers  5 miles  from the airport on Saturday , First Air Vice President Chris Ferris told reporters Sunday . The dead included the four-member crew and eight of the 11 passengers aboard the Boeing 737-200 , he said . "  At this time , the cause of the accident is unknown , " he said . "  The Transportation Safety Board is conducting an investigation , and First Air is cooperating fully . " Two of the three survivors were flown to Ottawa , more than 2,000 miles away , for further treatment , Ferris said . His voice cracked as he thanked Canadian troops for assisting in rescue efforts . First Air flight 6560 was lost about 12:40 p.m. Saturday , about 10 minutes after its last reported communication with controllers , the airline reported . The flight took off from Yellowknife , in the Northwest Territories . Firefighters , medical teams , police and members of the Canadian military were among the first to respond to the accident , according to Dominique Verdon , a spokeswoman with Canada 's Department of National Defence . Authorities recovered the jet 's flight recorders at the crash site , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police reported Saturday . Boeing offered its "  deepest sympathies " to the families of the victims and said Canadian investigators have asked it to provide technical assistance for the investigation . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Canada 's Transportation Safety Board is investigating the crash First Air says it is "  cooperating fully " with the investigation Eight passengers and the crew of four died in the jet crash
CNN  -- A Delaware deputy attorney general resigned Monday after he was arrested and charged with raping a 16-year-old boy he allegedly met through a popular gay dating app . Daniel Simmons , 34 , was arrested Friday and charged with four counts of rape in the fourth degree . He was released Friday after posting $ 45,000 bail , according to the New Castle County Police Department . Simmons met the teen on the popular gay dating app Grindr , according to New Castle County Police . The app , launched in 2009 , is a social , location-based mobile app designed to connect gay and bisexual men , according to its website . Police began investigating Simmons in March after receiving a tip from someone who became aware of the alleged incident . The investigation continued until police officers went to Simmons ' office on Friday to interview him . They arrested him the same day , said Officer Tracy Duffy , a spokeswoman for the New Castle County Police . Simmons was placed on administrative leave after his arrest and resigned from his post Monday . He had been a deputy attorney general assigned to the New Castle County Misdemeanor Trial Unit since November 2006 , agency spokesman Jason Miller told CNN . State prosecutor Kathleen Jennings released a statement Monday saying , "  We are deeply disturbed by the conduct alleged in this case . We are most concerned for the welfare of the victim . This case will be vigorously pursued to justice . Ethically , we are prohibited from saying more . " It is unclear whether Simmons has hired an attorney . Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden , the son of Vice President Joe Biden , has not commented on the case .	Deputy attorney general charged with four counts of rape in the fourth degree Police say Daniel Simmons , 34 , met a 16-year-old boy through popular gay dating app Grindr Simmons has resigned from his job at the Delaware attorney general 's office Attorney General Beau Biden , son of Vice President Joe Biden , has not commented
U.S. President Barack Obama phoned his Mexican counterpart Thursday to address the alarming trend of unaccompanied children entering the United States through Mexico . According to a White House statement , Obama told President Enrique Peรฑa Nieto that he "  welcomed the opportunity to work in close cooperation with Mexico to develop concrete proposals to address the root causes of unlawful migration from Central America . " The call came the day before Vice President Joe Biden heads to Guatemala for a meeting with regional leaders on the same topic . U.S. authorities estimate that between 60,000 and 80,000 children from Central America will cross the border this year without their parents . The magnitude of the deluge has forced the United States to turn three military bases into shelters . One of those , Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas , will get a visit from Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson on Friday . Obama told Peรฑa Nieto that he welcomed the Mexican President 's "  efforts to target the criminals that lure families to send children , " and reiterated to him that in all likelihood , those who make the dangerous and illegal journey would be sent back to Central America , according to the White House statement .	President Obama and Mexican President Enrique Peรฑa Nieto spoke by phone Thursday They discussed the influx of unaccompanied children entering the U.S. from Central America Vice President Biden heads to Guatemala Thursday for meeting on the topic Between 60,000 and 80,000 kids will cross border without parents , officials say
CNN  -- David Headley , the Chicago , Illinois , man appearing in court Wednesday in connection with terror attacks in India , was born Daood Gilani , the son of a prominent Pakistani broadcaster , according to his half-brother . He grew up in both the United States and Pakistan , with a parent from each country . Headley 's father , Syed Saleem Gilani , was working for the U.S.-government-funded Voice of America when Headley was born in 1960 in Washington , his half-brother Danyal Gilani said in a statement . Headley 's mother was American , and his parents divorced after they moved to Pakistan together , not long after Headley was born , his half-brother said . He did not name the mother . His mother returned to the United States , but Headley remained in Pakistan , his half-brother said , citing "  family elders . " Headley went to high school at the Hassan Abdal Cadet College in Pakistan , Gilani and an FBI complaint against Headley indicate . At some point after high school , Headley moved back to the United States to be with his mother , and has had little contact with his Pakistani family since then , Gilani said . Gilani last saw Headley , whom he still refers to as Daood , "  when he visited Pakistan a few days after my father 's death , nearly a year ago . " He got a Social Security number in Pennsylvania sometime in the late 1970s , public records show . He changed his name from Daood Gilani to David Headley on or about February 15 , 2006 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in order to present himself in India as an American who was neither Muslim nor Pakistani , according to the criminal complaint against him . "  His having another name or changing his name at some stage in life has come as a surprise to me . He has four kids and a Pakistani wife who also live in the United States , " said Danyal Gilani , a public relations officer for the Pakistani prime minister 's office . He issued a long statement last month distancing himself from his half-brother , in response to reports in the Indian press trying to link Headley to Pakistan 's prime minister , whose last name also is Gilani . But Danyal Gilani said his family was not related to the prime minister , Yousuf Raza Gilani . Headley was arrested by federal agents on October 3 in Chicago , accused of helping plan terror attacks against a Danish newspaper that ran cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , sparking Muslim anger worldwide . He was later linked to the bloody four-day terrorist siege in Mumbai , India , in November 2008 in which 160 people were killed . The Justice Department accuses him of attending terrorism training camps in Pakistan in 2002 and 2003 , and working with the group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba to carry out terror attacks . The United States lists Lashkar as a terrorist organization . India blamed the group for the Mumbai attacks . At the time of his arrest October 3 , Headley was on his way back to India to plan a second attack , a source close to the investigation said . Headley is cooperating with the authorities investigating both terror plots , the Justice Department has said . His lawyer did not dispute that . Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed , a retired major in the Pakistani military , was also charged with conspiracy in planning to attack the Danish newspaper . So was Tahawwur Hussain Rana , whom U.S. authorities identify as a Pakistani native and Canadian citizen who lives mainly in Chicago . Headley said he worked for First World Immigration Services , a company owned by Rana , though authorities have said in court papers that surveillance showed that he "  performs few services " for the company . CNN 's Reza Sayah in Islamabad , Pakistan , Terry Frieden in Washington , and Kathleen Johnston , Drew Griffin and Amy Roberts in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	David Headley appeared in court Wednesday in connection with terror attacks in India He was born Daood Gilani , according to his half-brother Gilani was the son of a prominent Pakistani broadcaster , his half-brother said Headley is accused of attending terrorism training camps and plotting attacks
CNN  -- The last U.S. combat brigade has pulled out of Iraq , but does that mean the more than 50,000 American troops who will remain there will never fire a shot or come under attack ? A total end to violence seems unlikely , retired Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt warns . But Kimmitt , a former assistant secretary of state for political and military affairs , says Iraq 's military forces are ready to handle their country 's security challenges and protect the American advisers . Kimmitt weighed in on the situation Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " CNN : How vulnerable are we leaving Iraq -- and our remaining troops -- as new spasms of violence occur ? Kimmitt : The question is not whether there will be a total elimination of security incidents or not . The fundamental question is : Can the Iraqi security forces manage the process without needing American assistance ? Yes , there will be low levels of violence even with a fully competent Iraqi security force . But even with 170,000 American forces , there were low levels of violence there as well . The Iraqis are saying , "  We can handle it now without American assistance , " and I believe that to be the case . CNN : Are you concerned that the U.S. troops who remain in Iraq as trainers and adviser are at greater risk because of their smaller numbers ? Kimmitt : I 'm pretty comfortable on the combat capability of the Iraqi security forces . They have demonstrated , over the past couple of years , increasing levels of competence . And I believe the military commanders on the ground judge them to be ready to take over that responsibility in its entirety . So our remaining troops , who are in fact combat capable but in a support role , I think they 're in pretty good shape . And the situation 's in pretty good shape for the moment . CNN : How much of a change in their work will the remaining American forces see ? Kimmitt : Well , first , many people think that the U.S. forces have been engaged in tough combat over the last couple of years . In fact , the Iraqi forces have been in the lead . It has been a gradual process of just handing complete combat responsibility over to the Iraqis . While that 's been going on , there has been an advisory and an assistance mission , which the 50,000 troops that are remaining will -LSB- continue -RSB- . They 'll work inside of the Iraqi units , providing assistance , military mentoring , and that will continue for another year and a half . CNN : In 7 1/2 years of war in Iraq , we have seen more than 4,400 troops killed and more than $ 600 billion spent . Has it been worth it ? Have we achieved our goals ? Kimmitt : Well , we 'll never be able to simply tell the American people that the loss of any life is worthwhile . But what I would say is , let 's take a look at where Iraq is today . It 's a democratic state , a friend to its neighbors , no longer a threat to the United States . Those soldiers who have sacrificed for the last 7 1/2 years , some who have given their lives , I think they can look back and realize that they left Iraq in a much better position over the last 7 1/2 years by their presence than had they not been there . Home and Away : Casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan CNN : Were there missed opportunities ? Were there things that could have been done differently that would have left us with the same overall impact in Iraq but with less cost and less time ? Kimmitt : Look , I think as you look at any military campaign over history , looking back , yes , there are places and opportunities that were missed : Battle of the Bulge , significant intelligence miscalculations in the Korean War . Sure , we 'd like to do it over again . We 'd like to do it over better . But I think that that 's just the nature of warfare . And you 're going find that in any historical example , not just Iraq . CNN : What does the change in mission in Iraq mean for the ongoing operation in Afghanistan ? Kimmitt : Well , that 's still going to be a tough fight . But what reducing the force levels in Iraq does is , number one , it provides more dwell time for soldiers back with their families . We 've been looking at setting up a program where -LSB- troops will have -RSB- one year in combat , two years at home . By having less of a burden inside of Iraq , that may be achieved . Afghanistan Crossroads : Reports from the front Second , it also frees up critical assets that have been used in Iraq that now can add to those that are already in Afghanistan . So I think overall the net effect will be a positive one for Afghanistan and for our mission there .	All fighting unlikely to stop , retired Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt says Iraqi forces have been taking the lead for two years , he says Sacrifices of blood and resources were worthwhile , Kimmitt says Change of mission in Iraq should improve capabilities in Afghanistan , he says
CNN  -- Even if they do n't admit it , most people know when they 're hammered . But they may not always know when they 're legally drunk . If states heed the new recommendations of the National Transportation Safety Board , it will be easier for motorists in the U.S. to be arrested for drunken driving . The NTSB wants states to reduce the blood-alcohol content threshold used by law enforcement to prosecute drunken driving from 0.08 to 0.05 . In plainer language , that means drivers could be subject to arrest after downing as few as two recent drinks . How do you know when it 's safe to get behind the wheel and when you should hand the keys to someone else ? Here are some tech tools that can help . Blood-alcohol calculators If you have access to a computer , there are sites that can estimate your blood-alcohol level . You enter information such as your body weight , the types of drinks you 've had and how long you 've been drinking , and these online calculators will spit out a number . For example , a 180-pound man typically will hit the 0.05 threshold after two or three drinks over an hour , according to an online blood alcohol calculator published by the University of Oklahoma . But a 125-pound woman would register an estimated 0.092 after three glasses of wine over the same period , according to BloodAlcoholCalculator.org , whose slogan is "  Check yourself before you wreck yourself . " If you 'd prefer to estimate your BAC on your phone , there are calculator apps such as DrinkTracker and IntelliDrink . Keep in mind that these numbers are only estimates and that many factors besides gender and weight influence a person 's blood-alcohol content . Do n't treat the results as legal advice . Hand-held breathalyzers Breathalyzers are n't just for law enforcement anymore . Many manufacturers make small , hand-held versions for people who want to monitor their alcohol intake , or just use them for party games . The battery-powered gadgets , about the size of a cellphone , contain a breath tube and an internal alcohol sensor that gives instantaneous readings . Prices range from $ 4 for a one-time disposable model to $ 29 for small keychain devices to $ 200 or more for more sophisticated "  professional " models used by police . Beware , however : Some of the cheaper models have been known to produce inconsistent readings . The pricier ones employ fuel-cell sensors , which turn your breath into electrical current that can be precisely measured for levels of booze . The devices are available at sites such as Breathalyzer.net and Alcotester.com . Apps/devices for your phone If you 're looking for a less expensive alternative and want to track your results online , these may be for you . Matchbook-size devices such as the Breathometer and the Alcohoot plug into the audio jack of your iPhone or Android phone . You download the accompanying app , blow into the device 's mouthpiece and view the results on your phone . There 's only one problem : They 're not readily available yet . The Breathometer is available for pre-order for $ 49 and will ship to customers this fall . The first batch of the $ 75 Alcohoot sold out , and devices ordered now wo n't be delivered until at least October . When used over time , the apps give you a history of your drink consumption and blood-alcohol levels to help you understand how your body reacts to alcohol .  In case you did n't know .  If you 've had too much , you can also call a taxi via the Alcohoot app . A similar $ 149 device , the BACtrack , works wirelessly with your phone via Bluetooth and is available now .	New laws could potentially make it easier for U.S. motorists to be arrested for drunken driving The NTSB wants states to reduce drivers ' blood-alcohol limit from 0.08 to 0.05 Gadgets and apps can help drivers monitor their blood-alcohol levels
CNN  -- There was no space on the Inca Trail . "  Estรกs seguro ? " I pleaded with dormant Spanish , or "  Are you sure ? " in English . I was sitting face to face with the ninth Peruvian salesman that day to offer the same answer . He was positive . No space on the Inca Trail , entering Machu Picchu via the Sun Gate , but his alternative trek was the real deal , he said . Machu Picchu was rediscovered in 1911 by Yale University professor Hiram Bingham . I said , "  Gracias , " grabbed my bag and went trudging out the door and back into the rain . At this point , I could not remember the smile I wore just hours before as I boarded my New Year 's Eve flight and watched Atlanta grow smaller below me -- four days trekking in the Andes , a new adventure ! That smile had vanished , the woman who grinned it , gone . In its place , a miserable downtrodden troll with fiercely angled brows , standing in the middle of the Plaza de Armas in Cusco , Peru -- with no Inca Trail booked . As a wind-follower , I always try to make travel arrangements as I go . I lay out rough plans , cities and dates , and see what adventures may come . The Inca Trail , however , does not afford such luxury . Over the years , the Inca Trail has become more a sales feature for adventure companies than a tranquil or mystical journey . The frat party of historic treks , it often comes fully equipped with booze , crowds and disgusting bathrooms . Similarly , the Inca Trail also has a maximum capacity before doors to the public close . Years of feet trampling Inca steps led the government to institute a 500 person per day limit in 2002 on the historic trail -- including trekkers , guides and porters -- to prevent over-saturation of the trail and to maintain the sanctity of the sites . As I entered company after company , each promising slight variations of alternate treks for drastically different prices , I nearly hung up my poncho and headed home . That is , until I finally swallowed my wind-follower pride , opened a guidebook and tracked down some of the recommended operators . This proved a worthwhile endeavor , as Cusco is a maze of adventure agencies among a few trek operators . Agencies sell customers to operators , collecting profits and , oftentimes , unsatisfied travelers . Once I learned I could n't have the journey , I grew even more set on keeping the destination . Determined to stay Machu Picchu-bound and only able to squeeze in a short trek by this point , I opted for an alternate-Inca hybrid trek . The two-day Inca joins the traditional Inca Trail a short distance from the Sun Gate , the path the Incas took into Machu Picchu . Though it carries the Inca name - - and the 500-person regulation -- it arrives at the Sun Gate in the evening , sacrificing the most sought after sunrise view . It also does not include camping or any of that delicious , trek-cooked food . My two-person group ate bag lunches , spent the one night in Aguas Calientes , the base city to Machu Picchu , and looked on enviously at Inca Trail trekkers sharing beer , some grilled alpaca and a game of cards at the final rest stop where the trails unite . If I had looked beyond my Inca-only vision , I would have discovered that the Inca Trail is just the tip of the Peru trekking iceberg -- literally iceberg if you go during low season . Several alternate treks land right in Aguas Calientes that can be booked mere days in advance . Though these treks do not enter Machu Picchu through the Sun Gate , many locals and travelers prefer alternate routes through quiet villages and isolated peaks , as they offer an often less expensive , more serene , untouched vision of Peru . See a map of the area around Machu Picchu " Salkantay is the most frequented Inca Trail alternative . This trek is usually recommended for people who ca n't get on the Inca Trail , but still want a similar experience . Traditionally five days/four nights , it leads trekkers up Salkantay Mountain  one of the highest peaks in the Andes of Peru at over 20,000 feet  and passes by some Quechuan communities and lesser-known Inca ruins , traversing everything from snow-capped mountains to hot springs . However , as it has become increasingly known as the alternate trek to the Inca Trail , the serene views of the trek often compete with crowded trails and camping sites . While Salkantay offers a glimpse at Quechuan communities , the Lares trek offers a full panorama of the Quechuan lifestyle . Against a picturesque landscape , this four-day/three-night trek is famous for the textile villages it enters along the way . It ascends 13,000 feet , crosses two peaks , hot springs and lakes , and it offers a spectrum of regional animals to view , including llamas , vicuรฑas , alpacas and chinchillas . However , since the trek gained popularity five years ago , "  It has become a little more touristy . It has lost a little bit of its initial essence and purity , " said Silvia Rico , general manager of Enigma Adventure Tour Operator . For those seeking even more of an adventure , Choquequirao is the ideal trek . This nine-day/eight-night trek passes the two largest Inca sites in the Cusco region : Machu Picchu and Choquequirao . The latter is a huge archaeological complex that is only about 30 percent excavated and thus has endured minimal tourist foot traffic . Surrounded by the Salkantay mountain , the trek dives into the Apurimac River canyon and passes waterfalls , villages , Inca ruins and frequently condors . It does have one major drawback : before continuing on to Machu Picchu , trekkers must backtrack the two days ' journey it takes to arrive at Choquequirao , resulting in some repeated views . For solitude and serenity searchers , the Vilcabamba trek is ideal . "  Total isolation . There 's nothing like doing a trek when there 's no other people , " says Michelle Graham of Llama Path Tours , as she describes why Vilcabamba is her favorite of the alternate treks . This trek enters the last refuge of the Incas , Vilcabamba , and like Salkantay , offers spectacular diverse views ranging from tropical jungles to snowy peaks . Unlike Salkantay , however , this trek combines Inca history with little interference from tourist passersby . Families , older people , and travelers who simply do n't have the time can arrive in Aguas Calientes by train and continue up to Machu Picchu either by bus or by ascending the five-mile trail . Some companies offer jungle tours , in which cycling is combined with trekking . However , as with all treks , be aware of agencies that set up tourist traps with dilapidated bikes that turn into broken bikes and extra charges on the bill . Regardless of the trek you choose , the dry season -- from April through October -- is the ideal time to make the journey . Many tour companies do n't operate these treks during rainy summer months . December through February are the worst  Excellent choice on my part  . Though I never intended to fly to Peru for a two-day trek , once I wiped away the fog on my optimism lenses , I realized that many of the alternate treks to Machu Picchu are just as worthy of fame as the legendary Inca Trail . So I packed my backpack , laced my boots and wrapped myself in layers of water-resistant clothing . I trekked into the landscape where history meets present day . When I arrived at the hidden Inca city in all its breathtaking beauty , everything else was just icing on the llama .	There 's a 500 person per day limit on the historic Inca Trail Several more serene alternate treks can be booked mere days in advance For those seeking more of an adventure , Choquequirao is the ideal trek
CNN  -- Despite food safety measures , the threat of foodborne illness remains in meat and produce -- and some types of illness are on the rise , recent reports say . About 48 million people contract some form of food poisoning each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Salmonella remained the top cause of foodborne illness last year , according to the CDC 's 2012 report card on food poisoning , issued Thursday . However , the overall instance of Salmonella was unchanged from the 2006-08 data , the agency said . The report card is based on reports from 10 U.S. regions , representing about 15 % of the country . The second most common cause of illness was Campylobacter , which increased 14 % over the 2006-08 data , the CDC said . Campylobacter lives on live chickens and can taint meat during slaughter ; it can also be found in raw , unpasteurized milk . Chicken and ground beef top a list of "  risky meat " published Tuesday by the Center for Science in the Public Interest . Researchers from this advocacy group examined data from foodborne illness outbreaks over a 12-year period and found between 1998 and 2010 , meat and poultry products were linked to "  at least 1,714 outbreaks involving 33,372 illnesses . " That estimate may only be the tip of the iceberg , the group said , as people may not seek medical attention for food poisoning and cases go unrecorded . The U.S. Department of Agriculture  USDA  has an online reporting tool for those who think they might have a foodborne illness . "  We applaud CSPI 's ongoing efforts to educate consumers about food safety , " Dr. Elisabeth Hagen , the USDA 's undersecretary for food safety , said in a statement responding to the report . "  While we have made progress in making food safer -- including cutting E. coli O157-related illnesses in half -- we still have work to do . As Salmonella rates continue to stagnate , we look forward to CSPI 's support , and the support of other groups committed to food safety , of our efforts to reduce this dangerous foodborne pathogen , including modernization of the poultry inspection system . " In addition , the Environmental Working Group last week published an analysis of existing data on antibiotic-resistant bacteria contained in meat sold in supermarkets . Eighty-one percent of ground chicken , 69 % of pork chops , 55 % of ground beef and 39 % of chicken were found to contain the bacteria , the organization reported , citing data from a February Food and Drug Administration report . Antibiotic resistance reduces doctors ' options to treat you if you become ill . What government tests found in your meat On Monday , the Environmental Working Group published the latest version of its "  dirty dozen " fruits and vegetables . The advocacy group describes it as a consumer shoppers ' guide to determine which types of produce pose the highest threat of pesticides . Although pesticides are not a cause of foodborne illness , produce can be a source of food poisoning . In 2012 , cantaloupes , spinach and spring mix salad and mangoes were linked to outbreaks . Improving food safety begins before the products ever reach the consumer , at the slaughterhouse and in the fields , but "  being careful in the kitchen is also very important , " said Dr. Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC 's Division of Foodborne , Waterborne and Environmental Diseases . So what 's a consumer to do ? At the store A CDC study published in 2010 once again highlighted the fact that young children can be exposed to raw meat and poultry products while riding in shopping carts , particularly if they ride in the basket of the cart . Researchers suggest that parents keep their child away from these products , which could be leaking juices carrying bacteria , by placing their child in the cart 's seat , and not place meat or poultry products in the seat while shopping to avoid contamination . All consumers can benefit from separating their raw meat , poultry and seafood purchases from other food products to prevent cross-contamination . The USDA recommends placing these types of foods in plastic bags and also placing these purchases in separate shopping bags at checkout . Storage Packaging meat products in leak-proof containers would also help cut cross-contamination . New Zealand , for instance , saw a significant reduction in foodborne illness after mandating leak-proof packaging , Tauxe said . When you get home , storing raw meats in a plastic bag or container to prevent any juices from dripping on other foods is also important . Listeria monocytogenes , another type of illness-causing bacteria , can grow in foods in the refrigerator , according to the CDC . Use an appliance thermometer to check the temperature inside the fridge ; it should be 40 degrees or lower , and the freezer should be 0 degrees or lower . Food preparation Start with clean hands . Wash with soap and water for 20 seconds  sing "  Happy Birthday " twice  before and after handling food -- and after other activities , such as changing diapers or using the bathroom . Ideally , use separate cutting boards for fruits and vegetables and raw meat to avoid cross-contamination . Wash fruits and vegetables under running water . Scrubbing melons and cucumbers with a clean brush is recommended ; using soap to clean them is not . Some home cooks wash their meat under running water before cooking , but , experts say , that can spread contaminated juices in places that may not be visible . Use hot , soapy water to clean utensils and cutting boards after preparing foods ; use hot , soapy water and paper towels or clean towels to clean work surfaces . Proper cooking is essential for meat , poultry and seafood . Cooking temperatures have to reach a certain temperature to destroy bacteria such as E. Coli and Salmonella ; a meat thermometer is the only way to be sure those temperatures have been reached . A thermometer should be placed in the thickest part of the meat without touching the bone . Ground beef , lamb and poultry should be cooked to 160 degrees Fahrenheit ; whole chickens , turkeys and poultry parts to 165 degrees ; and whole cuts of meat-like steaks , chops and roasts to 145 degrees , followed by three minutes of rest time before carving or eating . Storing leftovers Harmful bacteria can start growing at room temperature , so any leftovers should go into the fridge or freezer within two hours of cooking . Storage times for the fridge and freezer can vary depending on the food .	Meat , fruit and vegetables can all pose a risk of foodborne illness Cases of Campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the CDC Chicken and ground beef top an organization 's "  risky meat " list Care during food preparation is essential
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- Be prepared , the next big thing facing a green makeover might just be your closet . The glitzy world of fashion and design does n't typically conjure up images of sustainability and social consciousness , but if its up to Eva Kruse , CEO of the Danish Fashion Institute and Chairman of the Nordic Fashion Association , that 's all going to change . In the last month , she has pulled off the largest sustainable fashion summit in the world , and starting this week , she is launching a global social media campaign , aiming to forever change the way we look at our clothes . Her goal is for all companies in the industry to declare sustainability a key value . "  I have worked in the fashion industry for nearly 20 years , and it is a wonderful and exciting industry , but it is also one of the largest and most polluting in the world , " said Kruse . From the massive consumption of water and fertilizer in cotton production , to the chemical processing at plants , the pollution of local waterways and environments , safety issues for workers , fair wages , child labor and other social concerns -- issues for the fashion industry are enormous , she says . "  That is why it is so important that we address this ... and because of the size of the industry , even a small change can make a big difference , " says Kruse . Kruse , who founded the Danish Fashion Institute as the only employee in 2005 , is credited by industry professionals and government ministers for having put Danish design and sustainable fashion on the world map . Last month , she gathered more than 1,000 people -- including Hollywood celebrities , international designers and other industry professionals -- at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit , to explore sustainable solutions . The culmination was a suggested Code of Conduct for the Fashion and Textile industry , created in conjunction with the United Nations , and to be presented alongside the Rio +20 United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development in Brazil in June . "  It aims to drill into the supply chain , " says Soren Mandrup Petersen , Head of Partnerships and Local Networks at U.N. Global Compact , "  and if the sector responds , it will have a tremendous impact . " "  There is a movement underway , " says Kruse . "  It is happening , and we can help shed light on it . " That is also the goal of her latest venture launching this week -- an online campaign called NICE , or the Nordic Initiative , Clean and Ethical . It aims to have the industry join forces around change , and to educate consumers to make conscious choices . "  The entire field is so heavily knowledge based that it makes it difficult for companies to get started . The key is to make ... knowledge accessible and to create networks , because there are solutions . " She says new and sustainable fashions are already being made from innovative textiles such as milk fibers , corn , and bamboo . Among those leading the charge are companies like Swedish chain store H&M with their Conscious Collection , Patagonia , Danish design house Trash-Couture , and the PPR Group with brands like Gucci , Stella McCartney , Alexander McQueen and Puma . H&M 's head of sustainability , Helena Helmersson says this is the future . "  Customers are becoming more and more aware and want transparency , which makes companies improve their sustainability performance and make more sustainable products . " And , she says , "  as a big player we can help drive demand . " At Trash-Couture , which boasts a massive list of celebrity clients like Penelope Cruz , Rachel Weisz , Kirsten Dunst , Celine Dion and many others -- ethical fashion and the way they reuse , redesign , respin , and recycle leftover fabric from their own collection and that of other design houses is part of the design . "  As pioneers we feel we have helped set the agenda on an issue that is about much more than just fashion , " says managing director , Nanna Lowe . "  This way , fashion suddenly gets new meaning , becoming a statement , a value , an act . " Kruse agrees , saying it has the potential to push other industries with it , by making it look smart to consider your choices . "  If all the big brands and strong designers care -- and show and tell that they care -- then people could also begin to think differently about how they spend their money . Her goal : "  To have people join forces to help us change the world . " And to her , that change starts in our closets . But do n't worry , she says , "  the aim is n't for all of us to start wearing brown . Sustainable fashion can be equally sexy , desirable and fantastic in every way . The aim is to create the brilliance with less impact on people and our planet . "	Danish fashion chief launches NICE , a social media campaign to make fashion more sustainable Eva Kruse , CEO of the Danish Fashion Institute : Fashion industry one of the "  most polluting in the world " Kruse suggested Code of Conduct in conjunction with U.N. to be presented at Rio Summit in June Sustainable fashions already being made by : chain store H&M and labels like Gucci , Stella McCartney and Puma
CNN  -- Paris Hilton continued to do damage control Thursday , apologizing for saying gay men were "  disgusting " and "  probably had AIDS . " "  I am so sorry and so upset that I caused pain to my gay friends , fans and their families , " Hilton said in part of a lengthy apology she released to the the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD .  "  Gay people are the strongest and most inspiring people I know . " Hilton 's apology comes the same day an audio recording of her speaking about gay people appeared on the Internet . The audio was recorded as Hilton was riding in a cab with "  an openly gay male model " during New York Fashion Week in the early morning hours of Friday , September 7 , RadarOnline reported . The gay friend was showing Hilton the iPhone app Grindr , which advertises itself as the "  most popular all-male location-based social network out there , " offering "  quick , convenient , and discreet " connections , RadarOnline reported . "  Say I log into Grindr , someone that 's on Grindr can be in that building and it tells you all the locations of where they are and you can be like , ` Yo , you wan na f -- k ? ' and he might be on like , the sixth floor , " the male voice is heard saying . "  Ewww ! Gay guys are the horniest people in the world , " Hilton said . "  They 're disgusting . Dude , most of them probably have AIDS . ... I would be so scared if I were a gay guy . You 'll like , die of AIDS . " Shortly after the tape was posted Hilton 's publicist said her comments were expressions of concern about the dangers of unprotected sex , not homophobic slurs . Hilton 's publicist , in a statement sent to CNN Thursday , confirmed the recording was authentic , but said , "  It was not her intent to make any derogatory comments about all gays . " "  Paris Hilton is a huge supporter of the gay community and would never purposefully make any negative statements about anyone 's sexual orientation , " the statement said . Paris Hilton makes DJ debut Ironically , a sex tape was a major factor in boosting Hilton 's celebrity status . The great-granddaughter of hotel mogul Conrad Hilton was captured in a grainy video having sex with boyfriend Rick Salomon . It surfaced in 2003 , just days before the debut of her reality TV series "  The Simple Life , " which subsequently registered high ratings . The man who ` made ' Paris Hilton Hilton said the tape captured a conversation that was supposed to be private . "  I was having this private conversation with a friend of mine who is gay and our conversation was in no way towards the entire gay community , " her statement said . "  It is the last thing that I would ever want to do and I can not put into words how much I wish I could take back every word . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	"  Gay guys are the horniest people in the world , " Hilton says in secret recording "  Paris Hilton is a huge supporter of the gay community , " Hilton 's publicist says A cab driver recorded Hilton talking to a gay friend , RadarOnline says
CNN Student News  -- September 16 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day What factors would a journalist need to consider when telling a story about a wartime battle ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What medal , the highest U.S. military honor , was Dakota Meyer awarded for his actions during a firefight in Afghanistan ? * * 2 . What country has the world 's second-largest economy ? * * 3 . Who was the U.S. president during the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks ? * * 4 . What month-long event takes place from September 15 to October 15 ? * * 5 . At what grade level are students in a Maine school district receiving iPads in an attempt to improve their reading ? * * 6 . On Sunday , 9/11 memorial ceremonies were held at Ground Zero in New York City , at the Pentagon , and in a field in what Pennsylvania town ? * * 7 . What U.S. statistic rose to 15.1 percent in 2010 , its highest level since 1993 ? * * 8 . Along with CNN , what group sponsored a debate between Republican candidates in Tampa , Florida on Monday ? * * 9 . In what capital city did the Taliban carry out several attacks on Tuesday ? * * 10 . British Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited what war-torn nation on Thursday ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- It is easy to criticize zoos and aquariums when healthy animals are culled , particularly when they are from endangered species . It 's not always easy to understand the logic behind such a decision , but to get a picture of why good zoos take particular actions , one has to understand the context and the alternatives . Wild populations of animals are collapsing at an alarming rate . Since 1997 , for example , the population of giraffes in Africa has plummeted by more than 50 % , with two subspecies becoming extinct in the wild , and leaving only 240 members of another subspecies in a single population center . This pattern is replicated all over the world ; it is driven by our increasing need for natural resources such as palm oil , agricultural land , or living space . Animal reserves in the most vulnerable areas are struggling to protect their animals from the scourge of poachers , while other habitats are destroyed by the effects of deforestation and increasingly climate change , a problem that all of the world 's governments acting in concert have been unable to check even slightly . Indeed , governments have been unable even to uphold their obligations under the Aichi Targets to assist in the protection of endangered species and to teach their populations about the value of biological diversity , obligations that have been almost entirely outsourced to zoos and museums . Zoos inherited a legacy of animal keeping from a previous age that did not understand the havoc we are wreaking on the planet . Since the establishment of national and regional zoo associations and the dawning of greater scientific understanding of our effect on nature , zoos have become essentially a last line of defense in the protection of animals . Do we wish that humans would stop destroying the natural habitats of wild animals ? Of course ; but this is not happening . Our choice then is clear : Do we use the legacy we inherited to protect animals from human activity , or do we leave them to take their chances , knowing that their chances of survival are slim and for many species almost impossible ? If we accept that some action is better than none , then we also have to accept that managing viable populations of animals over the long term until their habitats are stabilized requires some difficult decisions , including the culling of healthy animals that wo n't help the species stay adaptable and immune to disease . It 's worth remembering that some of the world 's foremost biologists , population biologists , animal geneticists and other experts have thought deeply and philosophically about these choices . Faced with the alternatives , it 's not hard to see why they chose as they did . Say we did stop zoos from breeding and transformed them into "  sanctuaries " ; Immediately we would need to give up the notion that we can save our most endangered species from extinction -- the infrastructure in the wild just is n't there for some species and in many EAZA zoos we care for species that are already extinct in the wild . Next we would need to decide what to do with the animals : Should we keep them in these new sanctuaries , unable to breed , until they die ? Animal rights organizations would like to make sure that nobody enjoys seeing such animals and learning about them from zoo visits , yet these visits are what pay for everything we do , from education through to conservation . Over 1.5 billion visits will be made to EAZA zoos during the Decade of Biodiversity , with all of those visitors learning about nature . Who would be there to offer nature conservation education if zoos did not exist ? Zoos in reputable zoo associations worldwide are the fourth largest donors to conservation in the wild ; are animal rights groups going to replace the hundreds of millions of dollars that zoos currently donate ? No , because ultimately they do not care whether species have a future in the wild . We can not possibly release all of our animals back into a wild that is under siege , and which they would have to share with wild populations that are as large as their habitats can currently accommodate . Who would carry out the Aichi Target obligations which all European nations have signed up to ? Would taxpayers really be willing to foot larger bills to pay for this , or would we , again , face abandoning animals and biodiversity to their fate , without any idea of the consequences this could bring ? EAZA strongly believes that the humane and considered response is to make a real effort to save endangered species . We can not sit on the sidelines pretending that there is a magical solution to the crisis in nature , as animal rights groups do . Serious problems require serious responses . As yet , anti-zoo activists have put forward no serious alternatives ; we would be interested to hear them , but we ca n't afford to wait . READ MORE : While there are zoos , the killing will go on READ MORE : Copenhagen Zoo kills 4 lions The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lesley Dickie .	Copenhagen Zoo under fire for culling healthy family of lions to make way for new animal Danish zoo was criticized last month for killing a young giraffe Animals from all the world 's zoos can not be released into the wild , says Lesley Dickie Dickie : We can not pretending there is a magical solution to the crisis in nature
EW.com  -- Tick tock . As "  Catching Fire " nears its start date , another new member has been added to the cast of "  The Hunger Games " sequel -- Amanda Plummer , the actress best known for playing meek and mad characters in "  So I Married an Axe Murderer , " "  The Fisher King " and "  Needful Things . " As fans of the Suzanne Collins book could probably guess from those first two words of the story , she 'll be playing a character who becomes a critical ally to Katniss Everdeen ... Wiress is a veteran tribute from District 3 , drawn back to the games by the Quarter Quell -- an all-star edition of the games in which past victors are forced to once again compete against each other in a fight to the death . She 's more than a little twitchy from her violent history , however , and is considered mad by some of her rivals , who nickname her "  Nuts . " Her muttering of one phrase over and over again does n't bolster much confidence , but there is actually method to her madness . Wiress is more astute than she seems . Will Smith 's ` After Earth ' : Viral teaser Also , anyone who remembers this actress as diner-robbing Honey Bunny in "  Pulp Fiction " knows she can be a fearsome presence with a weapon . Plummer , 55 , the daughter of recent Oscar-winner Christopher Plummer , is the latest addition to "  The Hunger Games " world , which recently added Philip Seymour Hoffman as Plutarch Heavensbee , the gamesmaster who oversees the Quarter Quell on behalf of the government of Panem . ` Bachelorette , ' ` Real Housewives ' : Recaps Directed by Francis Lawrence  "  I Am Legend "  , "  Catching Fire " is is set to hit theaters on November 22 , 2013 . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly ยฉ 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Plummer , 55 , is the daughter of recent Oscar-winner Christopher Plummer She 'll play Wiress , a veteran tribute from District 3 , in "  Catching Fire " "  Catching Fire " is is set to hit theaters on November 22 , 2013
London , England  CNN  -- Research teams at the Danish Golf Union have discovered it takes between 100 to 1,000 years for a golf ball to decompose naturally . A startling fact when it is also estimated 300 million balls are lost or discarded in the United States alone , every year . It seems the simple plastic golf ball is increasingly becoming a major litter problem . The scale of the dilemma was underlined recently in Scotland , where scientists -- who scoured the watery depths in a submarine hoping to discover evidence of the prehistoric Loch Ness monster -- were surprised to find hundreds of thousands of golf balls lining the bed of the loch . It is thought tourists and locals have used the loch as an alternative driving range for many years . The footage shot by underwater robotics team SeaTrepid , can be seen below . With an increasing number of golf balls discarded each year , the Danish Golf Association devised a number of tests to determine the environmental impact of golf balls on their surroundings . It was found that during decomposition , the golf balls dissolved to release a high quantity of heavy metals . Dangerous levels of zinc were found in the synthetic rubber filling used in solid core golf balls . When submerged in water , the zinc attached itself to the ground sediment and poisoned the surrounding flora and fauna . Course manager for the Danish Golf Union , Torben Kastrup Petersen , said the scale of the problem is unknown : "  There has been very little research on the environmental impact of golf balls , but it 's safe to say the indicators are not good . We are planning to collaborate with environmentalists in America to conduct more tests to fully explore the extent of the problem . " Local government ministers in Scotland have also complained about the level of golf ball littering . UK lawmaker Patrick Harvie told CNN : "  From the moon to the bottom of Loch Ness , golf balls are humanity 's signature litter in the most inaccessible locations . " And he 's not wrong . On February 6 , 1971 , astronaut Alan Shepherd was filmed taking a swing with a six iron on the surface of the moon . According to Shepherd , the balls flew off in the distance and landed a few kilometers away . Although the balls were left for future golfers to discover , it is believed the extreme temperatures on the surface would have dissolved the balls many moons ago . In many cases , removing a partially degraded ball from a lake or woodland area could result in further damage to the wildlife . So what is the solution ? Harvie had this advice : "  Keep your balls on the fairway or invest in a stock of biodegradable balls . "	It takes 100 to 1,000 years for a golf ball to degrade Golf balls are composed of a zinc rubber filling UK lawmaker says golf balls are "  humanities signature litter "
The Frisky  -- Surprise ! Before she became Rachel Green , Jennifer Aniston was apparently being courted to be a cast member on "  Saturday Night Live . " On "  Oprah , " Adam Sandler -- Jennifer 's co-star in "  Just Go With It " -- recalls hoping that he would be spending every Saturday night with Jennifer . "  We wanted Aniston to be on the show with us , " he said . "  I remember being on the ninth floor where Lorne Michaels ' office was , and seeing Jen come in . I was like , ` Oh my God , there 's Aniston . Is she about to be on our show ? ' " But no , apparently she was worried about "  SNL " being a "  boys ' club " and so opted to go with "  Friends . " Adam was shocked ; "  She said no ? She 's gon na do that ` Friends ' ? What is ` Friends ? ' " And thus , a million haircuts were launched . When it comes to iconic movies and TV show characters , it seems like the role could only have gone to one person . But the truth is that casting decisions are constantly in flux , depending on who studios want , what actors ' commitment schedules look like , and what price they demand . For example , did you know that Jennifer was also considered for Roxie Hart in "  Chicago " ? And to play Rose in "  Titanic " ? We found a few more casting close calls that would have set some very big stars ' lives careening in other directions . The Frisky : 10 super sexy Superbowl spots 1 . Will Smith said "  no " to "  Neo " Will Smith was apparently a little uneasy about being a sci-fi star . Initially , he passed on his role in 1997 's "  Men in Black " -- until Jada Pinkett Smith talked some sense into him . Soon after , he was courted for a much more mind-bending thriller : "  The Matrix . " That 's right-he was the first choice to play Neo and only when he passed did it go to Keanu Reeves . But Will is happy about how things turned out . "  I would have absolutely messed up ` The Matrix , ' " he said . "  At that point I was n't smart enough as an actor to let the movie be -- whereas Keanu was . " Instead , Will did "  Wild Wild West . " Oops . 2 . Sean Connery lost his "  Lord of The Rings " paycheck Speaking of "  The Matrix , " the original choice to play Morpheus was Sean Connery . Sean , however , turned the role down and Laurence Fishburne eventually got the part . Having apparently not learned anything , Sean also turned down the role of Gandalf in "  The Lord of The Ring " trilogy because he "  did n't understand the script . " New Line Cinema had supposedly offered him up to 15 percent of the box office take worldwide , which means this was a $ 400 million mistake . The Frisky : 15 "  what we 're they thinking " ugly tattoos on celebrities 3 . Claire Danes won her star role by being "  awkward " Claire Danes was so , so perfect as Angela Chase in "  My So-Called Life . " But Alicia Silverstone came very close to being given the role . Producer Marshall Herskovitz explains , "  We had someone looking for us in New York and she said , ` There are two people you should see . They 're really special . ' The first was Alicia , who was 16 and emancipated . Ed wanted her , and I said , ` This girl is absolutely beautiful , but the Angela I see shivers back and forth between being beautiful and being really -- I mean , Alicia , you know , this is a girl who has been told she 's beautiful since she 's 5 years old ! I just do n't think Angela 's that girl . ' Then in walks Claire Danes . And at 13 , you know : From one angle , she 's breathtaking ; from another , she 's awkward . " If Alicia had been cast , "  Clueless " may not have been nearly as brilliant . But then again , "  My So-Called Life " might have lasted for more than a single season . 4 . Sarah Michelle Gellar could have been "  Clueless " But "  Clueless . " Guess who was originally wanted to play Cher ? Sarah Michelle Gellar . She had to turn it down because of her contract on "  All My Children . " Now to bring things full circle , Sarah was also originally offered the role of Juliet in Baz Luhrman 's "  Romeo + Juliet " and again had to pass because of "  All My Children . " The role , of course , went to Claire Danes . The Frisky : Best and worst cleavage at the 2011 SAG Awards 5 . Eric Stolz changed Michael J. Fox 's future Everyone remembers Michael J. Fox as Marty McFly in the classic Delorean time machine tale , "  Back to the Future . " But , he was not Robert Zemeckis and Steven Speilberg 's original choice for the movie . In fact , they filmed for five weeks with Eric Stolz in the lead role and decided to start over again because something was n't quite clicking . 6 . Harrison Ford owes Al Pacino a mini-muffin basket Harrison Ford has Al Pacino to thank for his career . Al was the originally slated to play Han Solo in "  Star Wars , " but turned down the offer . Only then did Harrison get a chance . Harrison evidently won again in 1981 when Tom Selleck turned down the role of Indiana Jones in "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " Just imagine-Indiana Jones might have had a serious moustache . The Frisky : Megan Fox as Steve Buscemi ? 8 stars confess who they look like 7 . Sandra Bullock claimed Julia 's Oscar opp Sandra Bullock won an Oscar for her role in "  The Blind Side . " But apparently , the role was originally offered to Julia Roberts . In an alternate universe , Julia Roberts won her second Oscar for the film and got divorced thanks to the evil Oscar Curse , while Sandra is making rom-coms and is still married to Jesse James . 8 . "  Pretty Woman " Julia Roberts was second choice Speaking of Julia Roberts , I can still picture her laughing in that red dress in "  Pretty Woman . " Studio execs , however , had another lady in mind to play the classic hooker with a heart of gold . Michelle Pfeiffer apparently turned down the role because she was n't feeling the "  tone of the script . " The Frisky : 10 celebrity moms who love breastfeeding 9 . "  Sopranos " star lucked out James Gandolfini , who ? Apparently , the makers of "  The Sopranos " were originally gunning for Ray Liotta for the role . TM & ยฉ 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Aniston was considered for Roxie Hart in "  Chicago " and Rose in "  Titanic " Al PAcino was the originally slated to play Han Solo in "  Star Wars " Sarah Michelle Gellar turned down "  Clueless " because of "  All My Children "
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is sending an additional $ 12 million in humanitarian aid to Syria , the White House announced Thursday , warning of a "  dire and rapidly deteriorating " situation inside the country . Citing U.N. estimates , the White House said up to 1.5 million Syrians are in need of aid , including more than 130,000 who have fled the country amid a widespread uprising against President Bashar al-Assad . Read more about how Obama authorized support for Syrian rebels "  With these additional funds , the United States is now providing over $ 76 million in assistance for food , water , medical supplies , clothing , hygiene kits , and other humanitarian relief to those most urgently in need , " the White House said . The statement repeated U.S. calls for al-Assad to step down and "  enable a peaceful political transition to a government that is responsive to the aspirations of the Syrian people . " The move comes a day after U.S. officials told CNN that President Barack Obama had signed a directive authorizing covert , nonlethal U.S. support for Syrian rebel fighters by the CIA and other agencies . It was unclear exactly what the secret order , referred to as an intelligence "  finding , " authorized and when it was signed , but the sources said it was within the past several months . Read more : Kofi Annan resigns as envoy to Syria The Obama administration had said it would step up its assistance to the opposition after last month 's failure by the U.N. Security Council to agree on tougher sanctions against the Assad regime . But the administration has ruled out arming the rebels for now , providing only nonlethal assistance such as communications equipment . Syrian state TV reacted to American news reporting about the directive , saying Obama has decided to "  support terrorists . " U.S. officials have told CNN that Washington is cooperating with countries that are arming the rebels , including Saudi Arabia and Qatar , to help find groups worthy of aid . Diplomatic sources have also said the United States is providing intelligence on Syrian troop movements , which is then passed to rebel groups .	The White House warns of a "  dire " situation for Syrian civilians Up to 1.5 million are in need of aid , the U.N. estimates Obama also has OK 'd covert , nonlethal support for Syrian rebels , officials say
CNN  -- Color us confused . Geraldo Rivera tweeted over the weekend about Kobani , a key Syrian city that has been a focus in the battle against ISIS . The journalist used his official Twitter account to say "  from PR , Kobani is the real Benghazi , the beseiged fortress where president really can & must save heroic defenders . " But while we get that Rivera was enjoying his time in Puerto Rico , it seemed strange that his tweet would include a topless selfie of himself . It 's not like topless selfies have n't stirred the pot for the 71-year-old before . Back in 2013 , Rivera blamed it on the alcohol when he tweeted out a nearly nude self-portrait of him draped in a towel and wearing only his glasses . At the time he said "  I never do tequila when I 'm alone , but I had this new bottle that someone had given me . The second one , my fate was sealed . "  I said , ` Dammit , I like that picture , ' " he added . "  I had learned how to use Twitter a couple of weeks ago and there I was . "	He tweeted about Kobani being "  the real Benghazi " The tweet included a topless selfie In 2013 he blamed drinking for a nearly nude selfie he sent
CNN  -- When a call came in about a stranded hiker , Las Vegas Police Officer David Vanbuskirk hopped onto a helicopter with a rescue crew , and rushed to retrieve the man from a rock ledge . At Mount Charleston , a helicopter harness attached to Vanbuskirk lowered him toward the hiker -- dangerous terrain made foot rescue impossible . He retrieved the hiker and attached him to the rescue equipment , and signaled the aircraft to lift them up . As the helicopter did , Vanbuskirk got detached from the device and plunged into the canyon below Monday night , dying on impact , authorities said . The hiker , who was in the Mary Jane Falls area , was hoisted to safety . Additional rescue crews scoured the canyon and found Vanbuskirk 's body , officials said . It was unclear what caused the device to detach . "  This officer dedicated his life to saving people and that act ultimately cost him his own life , " Sheriff Doug Gillespie told CNN affiliate KVVU . Vanbuskirk , 36 , was a 13-year veteran of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department , and worked with the rescue division for six years . His friends had nicknamed him officer Rambo Dave for his love of the outdoors and the martial arts , CNN affiliate KTNV reported . "  David was one of the most sincere people , and I just ca n't believe it , " Michael Connolly , a friend , told KTNV . Vanbuskirk , who was married , is the first officer to die in the line of duty since 2009 in the the department , KVVU reported . No information was released about the hiker . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report	Officer David Vanbuskirk was in the process of hoisting a hiker using a helicopter He got detached from the hoist and fell into the canyon Vanbuskirk , 36 , was a veteran of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
PINEDALE , Wyoming  CNN  -- Call it modern horse-trading . Balancing the nation 's energy needs with its interests in protecting wildlife and habitats . An antelope grazes near a gas well in Jonah Field , one of the hot spots for natural gas in Wyoming . The practice is playing out in Wyoming , where energy companies pumped 2.1 trillion cubic feet of natural gas from the ground last year -- produced in 20 of the state 's 23 counties . That 's enough gas to heat every home in Michigan for seven years . And good-paying jobs , public works projects and money for higher education have benefited Wyoming . But there 's a trade-off : Wildlife populations are taking a hit . Populations of the West 's iconic mule deer are down where drilling is prevalent ; the sage grouse , a bird which conservationists consider a harbinger of how other wildlife are faring , has seen adult populations plunge near gas rig sites . If grouse are n't surviving , biologists say , that means bad news for animals like antelope , bighorn sheep and pygmy rabbits . Five years ago , there were about 10,000 wells spread across Wyoming . By the end of 2007 , the federal Bureau of Land Management estimates that 30,000 wells will be pumping natural gas . Watch a bird 's eye view of a natural gas field " Companies such as Shell , EnCana , BP and Questar operate the rigs . "  The West is the last unexploited frontier for gas reserves in the U.S. , " said Fadel Gheit , an Oppenheimer and Co. senior energy analyst . "  Market prices are skyrocketing . We 've drilled the Gulf of Mexico down to Swiss cheese . " But Gheit concedes , "  It 's not good for the environment , no question . " On a June morning , standing in the middle of one of Wyoming 's largest gas fields , Brian Rutledge , a wildlife biologist and the executive director of the Audubon Society of Wyoming , surveys acres of endless sage brush and rigs in the distance . "  These lands are some of the last vestiges of the American West we have , home to hundreds of species who wo n't survive if their habitat is fragmented by rigs , " he said . "  Once it 's gone , it 's gone . A boom goes bust eventually . " "  We have to ask ourselves , ` Is getting cheaper gas now worth the future cost to the land ? ' " Recent studies have shown the sage grouse and mule deer are in jeopardy , their habitat hurt by gas drilling , biologists say . Power lines are convenient places for raptors and other grouse predators to perch . Rigs sit on sagebrush , the grouse 's primary food source . And loud activity disrupts the grouse 's mating rituals . Mule deer are down by 42 percent in areas where drilling is prevalent , according to a 2006 study conducted by independent ecologists and biologists and paid for by gas corporation Questar . Gas corporations are required to perform wildlife analysis of lands where they intend to drill . Between 2001 and 2005 , University of Montana biologist David Naugle attached radio collars to birds in and outside gas fields in northeast Wyoming . He found as much as an 80 percent reduction in adult birds inside the Powder River Basin , a hot spot of gas production . Matt Holloran performed his doctoral thesis at the University of Wyoming on the effect of gas drilling on the grouse on the Pinedale Anticline . "  It 's getting worse over time , " said Holloran , now a senior ecologist with a private conservation firm . The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service opted not to classify the bird as endangered in 2005 . But a representative said the recent numbers are alarming and the agency may move to reassess the decision . See a sample of endangered species around the country " So concerned by the grouse 's dwindling numbers , Wyoming Gov. Dave Freudenthal called a summit on the bird last month , drawing hundreds of conservationists , scientists and gas industry executives . "  We have a bull 's - eye on our back , " Freudenthal said . "  I see it as an imbalance . The BLM has one objective and that is drilling . It was n't always this way . There used to be some concern for habitat preservation , and I 'm worried that 's gone out the door . " Freudenthal 's comments were echoed in more than 90,000 letters the public submitted to the BLM in June objecting to the agency 's plan to allow 8,000 more gas wells on 1.6 million acres in a field near Pinedale . But BLM spokeswoman Cindy Wertz said biologists are performing thorough wildlife and habitat assessments before drilling commences and gas companies are required to repair the land when drilling ends . And gas companies are spending money to repair the damage they do , like replanting sage brush , which is food for animals . "  We are drilling more , yes , and the sage grouse numbers are challenging . But our wildlife protections are the same as they 've always been , " Wertz said . That , however , is not what a 2006 internal BLM document stated . It said the agency failed for six years to monitor air pollution caused by drilling on public land in the West . The BLM provides "  no evaluation , analysis or compiling " of data tracking drilling affects on the environment , it reads . BLM 's lead biologist in Pinedale between 2004 and 2006 , Steve Belinda , quit because he says the agency values gas development over wildlife protection . "  The habitat used to be treated as a valuable resource , " he said . "  Now the BLM biologist acts as a support person to get permits processed , period . " The majority of the wells in Wyoming are on two fields in Pinedale , a town with one grocery store and a weekly newspaper . Folks here talk about a popular bumper sticker : "  Lord , thank you for the boom , may it not go bust . " Lauren McKeever , an assistant to Pinedale 's mayor , has watched the town 's classrooms double , filled with children of gas employees who have moved here . Many of those children enjoy the town 's new multimillion-dollar aquatic center , bought with gas industry revenue . See how gas drilling has changed Pinedale " "  I think the vast majority of folks here understand that our country is in dire need for energy resources , " she said . "  But , at the same time , I do n't think many of us are willing to destroy priceless values in the process of obtaining the natural gas . " Recently , the state Legislature approved giving $ 2 billion from gas revenue to public schools over the next two years and taxes on groceries have been eliminated . Last year , an endowment created by gas industry taxes grew to $ 500 million , enabling every Wyoming high school student with above-average grades to attend college in the state . Around the corner from the aquatic center , Levi Licking has just returned home from his job operating a front-end driver for Questar gas . The 30-year-old father of two makes $ 20 an hour , more money than Licking believes he could earn at any business within 80 miles . "  The gas industry is the best thing that ever happened to Pinedale , " he said . "  This is the same place it was before -- only with more money . " E-mail to a friend	In 2006 , Wyoming provided enough natural gas to heat 27 million homes Biologists say the increased pace of drilling is hurting wildlife , habitat Studies show sage grouse down by 80 percent ; mule deer down by 42 percent Communities say they want balance between drilling and habitat protection
CNN  -- It 's one of the best insomnia cures around . A private platform in the African bush , soft bedding , starlight and nature 's night-time noises . Whether it 's a raised star-bed or a treehouse kitted out for sleeping , each of these six retreats spread across Africa has the elevated experience just right . Kiboko and Koija Star Beds , Loisaba Wilderness , Kenya These "  star beds " comprise wooden platforms with thatched roofs , open decks and big beds . They 're rolled out under the night sky when it 's time to sleep , giving guests great views of the thick star clusters , unclouded by light pollution . The mosquito net draping over the four-poster becomes invisible once you 've climbed inside . You can end up at your star bed after a game drive or other wildlife outing , when staff will be lighting the campfire and preparing pre-dinner sundowners . Antelope and zebra may be drinking at the Kiboko waterhole in the valley below . If you stay at one of Loisaba 's two sets of star beds you 'll have an extra reason to sleep comfortably -- they 're part of a responsible tourism project that benefits the local Koija community . Loisaba Wilderness , Laikipia , Kenya ; + 254 62 20 31070 ; from $ 420 per person , per night , including full board , safari activities and transfers , through Cheli and Peacock  +254ย20ย600ย3090 The Stilted Lodge , Mandina Lodges , the Gambia The ordinary rooms here , set in a mangrove forest , are impressive enough . But the Stilted Lodge adds something extra -- a thatched two-story riverside tower with open sides , including a  discreet  open-air bathroom , separate bedroom and lounge room open to the skies . Mandina Lodges , Makasutu , The Gambia ; from $ 2,230 pp for seven nights , half board through The Gambia Experience  +44ย845ย330ย8708 The Tree House , Tongabezi , Zambia You ca n't quite hear the roar of Victoria Falls from The Tree House but they 're close . The broad Zambezi River looks peaceful from the deck at the top of this three-tier treehouse , but a few bends away that all changes . When it hits the lip of Batoka Gorge , the river hurls itself over at 3,000 cubic meters a second . The spectacle has drawn visitors to the area since 1855 , starting with the explorer David Livingstone . There are multiple ways to experience the falls , from soaring through the spray in a microlight to rafting the rapids or bungee jumping from the Victoria Falls Bridge . This riverside eyrie high up in an ebony tree , with king-size bed and claw-footed bath , provides a place to hide out after all that activity . Tongabezi , Livingstone , Zambia ; +260ย213ย327450 ; $ 620 pppn , incl . full board and safari activities Chalkley Treehouse , Lion Sands Game Reserve , South Africa Lion Sands has three luxury treehouses in wilderness rich in wildlife . The Chalkley Treehouse , a timber deck built around an ancient leadwood tree , is particularly good for photographers . It 's high off the ground and exposed , with superb panoramic views . Lion Sands Game Reserve , Sabi Sands , South Africa ; +27ย13ย735ย5000 ; from $ 250 pppn , incl . picnic dinner Baines ' Camp , Botswana Part of a small safari camp on a private concession in the Okavango Delta , the five suites here are built on stilts with decks looking out over wetlands . On dry , warm nights , you can wheel your four-poster bed out to hear the throaty chuckling of hippos and the high-pitched chirrups of frogs . Baines ' Camp , Okavango Delta , Botswana ; +44ย20ย7190ย7728 ; from $ 755 pppn incl . full board , safari activities and transfers , through Sanctuary Retreats Chole Mjini Lodge , Tanzania Some Swahili Coast aficionados have been to Zanzibar many times but never heard of its little cousin , the island of Mafia . The name may sound ominous , but Mafia is a perfectly innocent island of sand and shimmering light , around 160 kilometers south of Zanzibar . Of the few people who make it here , most are divers : in the surrounding waters whale sharks and turtles float above some of the best preserved coral reefs in Tanzania . Mafia has an even tinier relative , Chole , an islet just over a kilometer long tucked off its southeastern shore . Hidden among the dense mangroves , baobabs and tangled figs are half a dozen treehouses making up Chole Mjini , a simple off-grid eco-lodge . Stay in Treehouse No. 1 , and you may have nesting fish eagles for neighbors . Chole Mjini Lodge , Chole Island , Mafia , Tanzania ; +255ย784ย520799 ; from $ 220 pppn , full board Winner of several British travel journalism awards , Emma Gregg has written about Africa for The Independent newspaper , National Geographic Traveler and Travel Africa magazine .	Ca n't sleep ? A night on a "  star bed " might help At Baines ' Camp in Botswana you can hear the chuckle of hippos at night A Zambian riverside treehouse has a king-size bed and claw-footed bath One Tanzanian hideaway is tucked among fig trees on a tiny island
CNN  -- The weather in St. Pete Beach had been bad all day , so Laura Miller and Brenda Pace hunkered down to watch a baseball game on television . But conditions outside Sunday night quickly went from bad to worse , they said Monday , as Tropical Storm Debby spawned a suspected tornado . "  The winds started picking up , " Miller said . "  We heard the proverbial noise -- the train -- the transformer blew , the windows started busting out . It was just very chaotic , all the glass flying , the debris flying into the house . It was pretty intense . " They looked for a place to hide , but the door to their ground-floor bathroom would n't open . "  We managed to get between the refrigerator and the pantry area and just ride it out , " Miller said . A suspected waterspout may have roared ashore and become a tornado in their neighborhood , the Pass-A-Grille area of St. Pete Beach , according to CNN affiliate WFLA . Pace said she was still in shock , but "  it 's amazing we got out without a scratch . " Two people had minor injuries , said St. Pete Beach Fire Marshal Ernest Hand . Eight properties in the area sustained major damage and 24 had minor damage . "  We were lucky , " he said . "  It was so windy and rainy , I could n't go outside to look , " resident Michael Hamm told WFLA . "  Ten or 15 minutes later , when I did , I noticed the roof was gone over the deck , the picnic tables had blown off , the railing was gone , the electricity was off . ... We did n't get hurt , so we 're very lucky . " Elsewhere in Florida , one person was killed in an apparent tornado on Sunday , officials said . Debby remained offshore Monday but continued to pose a threat of tornadoes , heavy rain , additional flooding and high winds to much of Florida as it slogged slowly to the northeast . Floridians were warned the rain may stick around through the week in some areas . A few tornadoes were possible Monday across the eastern Florida Panhandle , the Florida peninsula and southern Georgia , forecasters said . A large swath of Florida was under a tornado watch until Monday afternoon . Numerous flood watches and warnings were also posted . As of 1 p.m. Monday , Debby was centered about 50 miles south-southwest of Apalachicola in the Florida Panhandle , the National Hurricane Center said . The storm had weakened slightly , with maximum sustained winds of 45 mph . However , tropical-storm-force winds -- those 39 mph or stronger -- extended 230 miles out from its center , mainly to the southeast . "  Debby is a large tropical cyclone , with the strongest winds and much of the heaviest rainfall well removed from the center of circulation , " the hurricane center said . After being nearly stationary overnight , Debby began inching northeast Monday at about 5 mph . "  Tropical storm conditions will continue over portions of the Florida Gulf Coast today , " forecasters said . Debby is expected to dump a total of 10 to 20 inches of rain over northern and central Florida , with 25 inches possible in some areas , forecasters said . A total of about 5 to 15 inches of rain is possible across coastal southeastern Georgia and extreme southeastern South Carolina , according to the hurricane center . Total rain accumulations of 5 to 10 inches are expected over central Florida and southeast Georgia into coastal South Carolina , with isolated maximum amounts of 15 inches possible , forecasters said . CNN iReporters sent pictures and video of flooding in their areas . Magalie Caragiorgio said Monday she has been stuck in her New Port Richey , Florida , home since Sunday because of flooding and has n't been able to get to her job as a nurse . "  It 's unnerving because you ca n't do anything , " she said . "  I guess I was n't prepared . I was n't expecting to be flooded out like this . " In Wilton Manors , Florida , "  the flooding cut off access to everyone 's homes until it subsided , " said iReporter Jon Carson . " ... I have a small car so I was terrified about how I was going to get the kids to school . " In Panama City , some tourists stuck around to ride out the storm , said iReporter and restaurant employee Michael Dunning . "  Usually people pack up and leave when they hear about a storm , " he said . "  It was just another storm , lots of wind and rain . " Chris Anuszkiewicz of Clearwater , Florida , said water came through his garage and front door . "  I 've been through hurricanes on the beach here , and the rain from this was more intense , " he said . The U.S. Coast Guard in Mobile said it rescued a family that became stranded on Dog Island , south of Carrabelle , Florida , by weather associated with Debby . The Coast Guard said Monday it received a phone call about 12:30 p.m. Sunday from a man saying his family , including five adults , four children and two dogs , was stranded in a vacation house located on a narrow sandbar on southwest Dog Island . "  Water was reportedly surrounding the house , and there was no way for them to evacuate to higher ground , " the Coast Guard said in a statement . "  The commercial vessel that brought the family to the island would not come back for them due to the weather conditions from the storm . " The Coast Guard dispatched a helicopter and rescue crew , which were able to evacuate the family . All those rescued were examined by medics and found to be uninjured . Citing the threat of heavy rainfall and potential tornadoes , Florida Gov. Rick Scott on Monday declared a state of emergency "  so we can coordinate the use of all state resources to make sure we can respond promptly if anything happens . " He warned residents to expect "  a significant amount of rain . " Pinellas County also declared a state of local emergency on Monday , officials said . Crews in Sarasota County were assessing flooding , and the county was asking residents to reduce their water usage , as its water reclamation facilities were "  reaching treatment capacity , " said county spokeswoman Crystal Pruitt . The hurricane center narrowed the warning area for Debby on Monday . A tropical storm warning was in effect for the Florida Gulf Coast stretching from Destin to Englewood , Florida . The storm was expected to continue moving slowly northeast or east-northeast over the next couple of days , forecasters said . Little change in strength was expected . A revised forecast track showed Debby remaining a tropical storm until it makes landfall early Thursday near Apalachee Bay , Florida -- in the bend of the state where the Florida Panhandle ends . The storm is then expected to cross the state of Florida and head into the Atlantic Ocean south of Jacksonville as a tropical depression on Saturday . Seminole , Florida , received more than 10 inches of rain on Sunday , according to preliminary 24-hour totals from the National Weather Service . Pinellas Park , Florida , received nearly 9 inches , and the Apalachicola , Florida , airport received 8.65 inches , according to the weather service . The Ocala , Florida , airport measured nearly 8 inches . Other preliminary rainfall totals included 6.68 inches in Wakulla , Florida ; 6.58 inches in Orange Springs , Florida ; and 6.27 inches in St. Petersburg . On Sunday , two apparent twisters destroyed four homes in Florida 's Highland County , said Gloria Rybinski , emergency operations spokeswoman for the county . A woman was found dead in a home in Venus , located in the middle of the state between Port St. Lucie and Sarasota , Rybinski said . About 35,000 people statewide were without power , Bryan Koon , director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management , told reporters . "  That number is going to fluctuate as we go through this week , " he said . Follow Bay News 9 's live blog The Sunshine Skyway bridge , which stretches over Tampa Bay and connects Bradenton with St. Petersburg , Florida , was closed Sunday because of high winds and remained closed Monday , Pinellas County officials said . Winds in the area have been clocked at 20 to 30 mph with higher gusts , according to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 . Seas were between 12 and 15 feet . Residents of a Tampa retirement home were evacuated Monday , the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office said . The Sunrise Village Retirement Home "  is located in an area that is prone to flooding and the water is up to the building right now , " authorities said in a statement Monday morning . About 90 residents were being moved to other Sunrise Village facilities , the sheriff 's office said . Debby 's effects were being felt as far north as Hilton Head Island , South Carolina . CNN iReporter Greg Dee was on the beach when one of Debby 's rain bands passed through . "  It began picking up sand and you could actually see it moving down the beach with the wind , " he said . "  It felt like my legs were being sandblasted . " Video from the Tampa area showed drivers inching through water on a flooded street Sunday night , with at least one stranded . The floodwaters were beginning to recede Monday morning , but several stalled cars remained on flooded roadways , CNN affiliate WTSP reported . Forecasters warned the combination of a storm surge and the tide would cause coastal areas to be inundated with water . An area from Apalachee Bay to Waccasassa Bay , Florida , could see a 3 - to 5-foot surge , while Florida 's west coast south of Waccasassa Bay could see 1 to 3 feet . An area stretching from southeastern Louisiana to Apalachee Bay , Florida could get a 1 - to 3-foot surge , according to the hurricane center . Officials in Alabama and Louisiana have said they are monitoring Debby 's progress , given uncertainty regarding its path . The storm has raised concerns for those working on 596 manned oil and gas production platforms throughout the Gulf , run by various companies . Shell said Sunday that it had evacuated 360 staff members the previous day and was planning further evacuations . However , given the forecast shift that showed Debby steering clear of Louisiana , Shell said Monday it was in the process of redeploying staff . "  By end of day Tuesday , we will be back to normal operations across the Gulf , " the company said . ExxonMobil said Sunday it had "  evacuated nonessential personnel " from its offshore facilities and was preparing to evacuate the rest . And BP spokesman Brett Clanton said Sunday evening that the company has evacuated the "  majority of our offshore personnel in the Gulf of Mexico " due to Debby . "  Those unable to be evacuated will shelter in place for the storm , " he said . CNN 's Sarah Dillingham , Meridith Edwards , Kim Segal and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Widespread flooding is reported in Florida Florida 's governor declares a state of emergency A woman was killed after apparent tornadoes hit central Florida Debby is expected to dump 10 to 15 inches of rain over the Florida panhandle
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The ongoing Penn State scandal reached if not its denouement Thursday at least its climax with the release of the report prepared under the auspices of former FBI Director Louis Freeh . The report answers numerous questions about who knew about Jerry Sandusky 's abuse of children as well as how suspicions , rumors and allegations were handled . For many of us the most disturbing element of the report already had been intimated in the press , the role that coach Joe Paterno played in handling complaints against athletes internally and disregarding both Penn State 's procedures and also the law . While charitably one could suggest that Paterno saw discipline as his role as a coach and mentor , less charitable interpretations also make sense , particularly a desire to maintain the reputation of the program and the income and prestige it brought . Beyond motives , however , the creation of an environment where discipline took place "  off the books " was destined to lead to a collapse at some point . Unfortunately when this collapse occurred its victims were children . News : Penn State leaders disregarded victims , 'em powered ' Sandusky Freeh said in releasing his report that the investigation 's "  most saddening and sobering finding is the total disregard for the safety and welfare of Sandusky 's child victims by the most senior leaders at Penn State . " "  The most powerful men at Penn State failed to take any steps for 14 years to protect the children who Sandusky victimized , " he said . "  Messrs. Spanier , Schultz , Paterno and Curley never demonstrated , through actions or words , any concern for the safety and well-being of Sandusky 's victims until after Sandusky 's arrest . " That remark , which many of us hoped never to read , speaks directly to the findings of the report and to the organizational and moral failures of Penn State . Even more directly , the report directly chastises the university 's board of trustees for a failure to exercise its oversight functions and its dereliction in ensuring that it was appropriately and adequately informed of risks to the university . Not only did the university 's administration not inform to the board about the suspicions of and allegations against Sandusky , the board failed in its responsibility in establishing a system to seek such information . Most shocking , however , given its legal obligations , was Penn State 's complete dereliction in its responsibilities under express laws , including those mandating reporting and protecting those who bring violations to light . News : Reactions to Penn State report flood social media Freeh 's ability to identify and order the moral failings of the university in the most appropriate , empathetic and humane way is admirable . He centers his condemnations primarily on the fact that at every level -- the board , the president and Paterno -- no one expressed any concern for the boys whose lives were devastated by the abuse inflicted upon them by Sandusky . Regardless of the structural , administrative and disciplinary failures at Penn State , the central moral failing was that the school cared more about its reputation , its football team , and even Sandusky than about his victims . The school grossly mis-ordered values and failed to meet its duties . What Freeh has found is most disturbing and depressing . A superior institution of higher education and a football program and coach admired for their express commitment to principles proved themselves to have feet of clay and appalling disregard for the safety and security of many innocent children . News : Key players in Penn State report Penn State 's failings should be a warning to every organization and to all of us . We protect our reputations by doing the right thing , not by hiding our failings . Indeed , even amid discovery of error and wrongdoing , reputations are enhanced by acknowledging , dealing with them immediately and directly , and working to minimize their recurrence . If we can draw a salutary lesson from this scandal , it is that . Unfortunately , for the innocent child victims of Sandusky 's predation , the lesson has come too late . Maybe , if other organizations take these lessons to heart it will prevent future abuses and save others from becoming victims . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Queen .	Louis Freeh releases report showing failures by Penn State administrators Edward Queen : The report shows total lack of regard for innocent victims He says administrators and Penn State board did n't live up to their obligations Lesson is to focus on doing the right thing , not on covering up misdeeds , he says
Witnesses say as many as 500 migrants died in the Mediterranean Sea when human traffickers intentionally sunk their boat , the International Organization for Migration said Tuesday . The survivors -- both Palestinian men from Gaza who were rescued separately after days in the water clinging to flotation aids -- said they had packed into a boat in Egypt 's port of Damietta in Egypt and left on September 6 . They estimated at least 400 men and women , in addition to as many as 100 children , were on board . Two survivors interviewed by the IOM and Italian police in Sicily said the traffickers became enraged after the migrants -- who had already switched to small boats three times during their four days at sea -- refused to move to a smaller vessel . The migrants said they 'd rather go back to Egypt than continue on in an even smaller vessel that they believed was not seaworthy . The Palestinians ' account was corroborated by several other survivors who were interviewed on the Greek island of Crete , the IOM said . They said the smugglers , who they said were Palestinians and Egyptians , had begun yelling and throwing sticks at the migrants after they refused to leave the boat before then ramming the vessel . Some migrants managed to jump into the smaller boat , while one passenger "  killed himself in despair by hanging , " a survivor said . "  After they hit our boat , they waited to make sure that it had sunk completely before leaving . They were laughing , " he added . IOM : Many children among dead By Tuesday morning , authorities in Italy , Malta and Greece confirmed the rescue of 10 migrants from the lost vessel , the IOM said . Three bodies have also been found . Those on the boat included Syrians , Palestinians , Egyptians and Sudanese , the witnesses said . The two Palestinian survivors explained that they 'd paid $ 2,000 -- money they 'd gotten after receiving grants to rebuild their homes -- at what they called a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy , according to the IOM . Four buses took them to the Egyptian port near Alexandria , where about 200 people got on the ship 's first deck and the other 300 people on the bottom deck . Survivors surmised that those below deck were unable to escape the sinking boat and drowned almost immediately . Some people managed to stay afloat for three days , only to be done in by strong winds and waves that moved through the area . ' "  If survivors ' reports are confirmed , this will be the worst shipwreck of migrants in years , not an accidental tragedy , but the apparent deliberate drowning of migrants by criminal gangs who extort money for their desperate journeys , " said IOM spokesman Leonard Doyle . "  Their actions are as callous as they are evil . " Italian navy finds dozens of bodies in migrant boat ` Shocking and unacceptable ' According to the IOM , the latest reported sinking would take the death toll off Europe 's shores this year to nearly 3,000 . In 2013 , the organization 's Missing Migrants Project estimated the total for the year to be 700 deaths . "  The numbers dying off Europe 's coasts are shocking and unacceptable , " said IOM director general William Lacy Swing . "  These are women , children and men who only hope for a more dignified life . The risks they take reflect their desperation and we can not keep abandoning them to their fate . " Authorities are also investigating reports that 200 more people are missing off Libya and that another 15 drowned off the coast of Egypt , the IOM said . Each year , tens of thousands of people are rescued from the Mediterranean , according to the European Union border agency , Frontex . The United Nations has expressed dismay over the rising number of migrants dying at sea .	Two survivors say they 'd paid $ 2,000 at a "  travel " office in Gaza for their voyage to Italy Migrant shipwreck survivors : Human smugglers deliberately sank the vessel Survivors : Traffickers became enraged and rammed the boat after they disobeyed them The IOM believes as many as 100 children may have been on board the boat
CNN  -- Two teachers at a Baltimore , Maryland , high school say they were attacked by students , and one says such assaults are commonplace , according to CNN affiliate WBAL . "  No learning place should be this violent , " art teacher Jolita Berry said of the school where she teaches . The school district says it is investigating and will take appropriate action , but both art teacher Jolita Berry and English teacher Marc Standish say the administration has failed to protect and support them . "  I looked over , and her friends were cheering her on . And before I knew it , she hit me in the face , " Berry told WBAL . She showed the station a cell-phone video depicting what she said was a student beating her last Friday . Individuals in the video are difficult to identify , and no charges have been filed , WBAL reported . Berry said her principal told her she brought the attack on herself . "  On one hand , she told me that she is sorry that this happened to me , " Berry told WBAL . "  But then she turned right around and told me that telling a student that I was going to defend myself was a trigger word . I triggered them . " Berry called the administrative response frustrating . "  Too many times this has happened at this school and at other schools , and nothing 's being done . No learning place should be this violent , " she said . Baltimore City Schools public relations department said it would have no comment beyond a statement issued by Bennie Williams , the district 's chief of staff , that says the district has "  a fundamental commitment " to keep schools safe . "  We take any disruption of the learning environment extremely seriously and respond immediately and forcefully to any disruption . ... We are currently investigating the specific incident at Reginald F. Lewis High School to determine appropriate action . ... We are treating this incident with the utmost seriousness , " the statement said . But the problem goes beyond one incident , Standish said . He told WBAL that students regularly issue "  very visceral threats " against him . "  I just had a couple last week , and it 's just everyday routine , " he said . Standish said he has filed a grievance with the district through the teachers union . Union President Marietta English met with about 20 principals Wednesday evening to discuss teacher safety . "  We really want to implement some policies that principals can follow -LSB- so -RSB- that teachers wo n't be having to be afraid to come in their classrooms or come into their schools , " she told WBAL . E-mail to a friend	Report : Teacher says student beat her , video put on MySpace Second teacher says attacks at Baltimore high school not unusual School district administration investigating incident , chief of staff says Union chief meets with principals to develop safety policies
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan gathered Sunday amid tears , prayers and a moment of silence to mark one year since an earthquake and tsunami killed thousands , and triggered the world 's worst nuclear crisis in a quarter century . Throngs nationwide observed a moment of silence at 2:46 p.m. local time  12:46 a.m. ET  , the exact time the earth shook on March 11 , 2011 . At the main event at a Tokyo theater , hundreds bowed their heads in silence during the service . "  A lot of lives were lost ... I feel the grieving families ' pain and I can not express my sorrow enough , " Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda said at the ceremony . Emperor Akihito , who is recovering from recent surgery , also attended . "  I 'd like to express my mourning for the people who passed away a year ago ... almost 20,000 died and others remain missing . Many of them were firefighters , " the emperor said . Government officials and victims ' relatives laid flowers at a shrine set up at the front of the theater . In tsunami-ravaged towns along the northeast , residents solemnly placed wreaths where homes once stood . Warning sirens wailed in some areas at the precise time the quake struck . Clad in black , residents of Ofunato gathered to pay tribute to hundreds of the town 's residents killed during the earthquake and tsunami . Some wept quietly . The 9.0-magnitude quake shifted the earth 's axis and unleashed a wall of water that swept away lives and homes . Million of people fled for higher ground . Nearly 16,000 people died and 3,000 others remain missing . iReport : Tokyo memorial For those who survived that day , life is not the same . "  On the surface , it is business as usual , " said Nicky Washida , a British expatriate who 's lived in Japan for 10 years . "  We wake up , we go to work , we shop for dinner . We drink , we laugh , we care for our children . But running underneath the veneer of normality is the constant reminder that life has changed . " Washida said something as simple as buying food has changed in the wake of the nuclear crisis . She said she reads labels to ensure there are no chances of contamination . As residents scramble to return to normalcy , Noda recently addressed rebuilding efforts , which represent Japan 's greatest challenge since the end of World War II . "  The Japanese people are united in working with the government to put all our might toward working on the reconstruction , " Noda said this month . "  The debris cleanup , the building of temporary houses and daily support for the disaster victims -- we have been making steady progress on all those issues , " he said . Following the quake and tsunami , Japan found itself dealing with the worst nuclear crisis since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility was knocked offline , resulting in a meltdown of three reactors , with radiation leaking into the air and contaminated water spilling into the sea . While no deaths were attributed to the nuclear disaster , more than 100,000 people remain displaced from the towns where its long-lived fallout settled . "  While always keeping in mind the tremendous responsibility we have to maintain stable conditions at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , we will continue to safely work toward the mid-to-long term decommissioning of the reactors , " said Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which owns the plant . "  In addition , all TEPCO group companies will further intensify their efforts to care for the presently afflicted and provide the compensation due them in a swift manner . " One year on , Japan is far from dug out of the destruction wrought by the triple disaster , but the prime minister said he is committed to rebuilding and in re-energizing the nation in the process . For some of the nation 's youth , hope reigns amid the heartbreak and ruins . "  A lot of Japanese are very optimistic , so do n't worry about  us  too much , " said Kohei Maeda . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	NEW : For those who survived , life changed forever A 9.0-magnitude earthquake struck northeast Japan on March 11 , 2011 Japan holds a moment of silence at the exact moment the quake hit The quake literally shifted the earth 's axis
CNN  -- In 2008 , the future looked bright for Breno . A sought-after Brazilian soccer star , the teenager was leaving his homeland and heading to Germany to sign for one of Europe 's most famous teams , Bayern Munich . But four years later the defender 's career , and his life , had unraveled . In July 2012 he was sentenced to three years and nine months in prison for burning down his Munich villa while reportedly battling depression . "  The time in prison has been very hard for me , " confessed Breno at a news conference on Monday . Now aged 23 , the former Sao Paulo star has been offered a shot at redemption . Having served 13 months of his sentence , Breno is being allowed to leave prison on day release and has been given the chance to rejoin Bayern as part of the coaching staff at the club 's youth academy . "  I 'm a little nervous , " added Breno . "  But I 'm in good shape now . I 'm delighted , and I 'd like to thank the prison authorities and Bayern for this chance . " Breno will be collected from the correctional facility in Stadelheim at 0830 every morning by Bayern youth director Wolfgang Dremmler and returned at 1330 . Blog : Can Moyes meet Man Utd challenge ? The length of his day release could be extended to eight hours in a couple of months , according to Bayern 's website . "  I think it 's excellent that the prison authorities and all the authorities in Munich involved in the case have helped to open up this opportunity , " said Bayern president Uli Hoeness . The opportunity Breno has been given at Bayern , and the fitness work he has been doing in prison , could see the former Brazil under-23 player given an unexpected chance to resurrect his career . Former club Sao Paulo were in Munich for the Audi Cup , a preseason tournament held at Bayern 's Allianz Arena , and they opened the door for Breno to return to his former club . Reports in December 2012 went as far as to suggest Sao Paulo had already offered Breno a contract , despite his incarceration . A playing career back in Brazil might be the only option for Breno , with Hoeness claiming he will face deportation from Germany on his release from prison . Breno has n't played a professional match since coming on as a substitute in Bayern 's 5-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen on April 17 , 2011 , but he will be allowed to work on his fitness in conjunction with his coaching duties . "  It means I can train again and maybe play again later on -- that 's my dream , " said Breno , while Hoeness confirmed , "  at the Audi Cup , the people from Sao Paulo confirmed their strong interest in that . " Hoeness assured Breno he will receive Bayern 's full backing , despite no long being under contract at the club . "  FC Bayern will do everything it can to help , " said Hoeness . "  We 've been informed by the prison authorities that he has behaved impeccably and has been an exemplary prisoner . His behavior here will be just as flawless . "	Incarcerated player Breno to work with Bayern Munich 's young players Breno was sentenced to prison in July 2012 after burning down his own house The Brazilian defender joined Bayern from Sao Paulo in 2008 Breno hopes to relaunch his player career when he is released from prison
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former CIA station chief in Algeria is under investigation by the State and Justice departments after being accused of raping at least two women while he held the post , a source confirmed to CNN on Wednesday . Two Algerian women allege that the CIA 's former Algeria station chief raped them at his home , a source says . The women told investigators that they think date-rape drugs were used in the assaults , which are said to have occurred at the officer 's official residence , according to the source . The story was first reported by ABC News . The allegations were made in the fall , when the unidentified officer was still serving as station chief . In October , soon after the allegations were made , the man returned to the United States for a previously scheduled trip and was ordered not to return to his post , the source said . A senior U.S. official confirmed that the case is under investigation but refused to comment on the details . State Department spokesman Robert Wood issued a brief statement in response to a CNN inquiry , saying that "  the individual in question has returned to Washington and the U.S. government is looking into the matter , " and referring reporters to the Justice Department . The women , who are Algerian citizens , brought their allegations to a U.S. government official , and federal authorities then launched an investigation . A search of the station chief 's residence in Algeria was approved by a U.S. District Court judge after a request from the Justice Department . The search found pills believed to be of a type commonly used in date rape , the source said . In that search , authorities also found about a dozen tapes that are thought to show the officer engaged in sexual acts , the source said , including some in which women are believed to be in a semiconscious state . CNN 's source had not seen the tapes but had been briefed on their content . Some of the tapes include date stamps indicating that the recordings happened when he would have been serving in Cairo , Egypt , before his tenure in Algeria . The investigation includes his time in both posts as well as other locations where he traveled . The identity of the officer could not be learned , and CNN was unable to reach a representative of the officer . It is against the law to reveal identities of covert officers . When the allegations surfaced in the fall , they were viewed as "  tremendously explosive , no doubt about that , " the source said , especially because Algeria is a Muslim country . The Justice Department and the CIA would not comment on the allegations or any investigation . "  I can assure you that the agency would take seriously and follow up any allegations of impropriety , " CIA spokesman Mark Mansfield said . The officer has not been charged , the source said . The source would not speak for attribution because the investigation is ongoing and the source was not authorized to speak publicly . One federal law enforcement source said that no developments or activities relating to the case are "  imminent . " A station chief heads the CIA 's office in a foreign country , establishing a relationship with its host intelligence service and overseeing agency activities in the country . CNN producers Jim Barnett , Pam Benson , Carol Cratty and Elise Labott contributed to this story .	Source : Two Algerian woman say CIA officer raped them in Algeria Women say date-rape drugs were used in assaults Source : Man was relieved of job as CIA 's Algeria station chief after allegations Tapes showing apparently semiconscious women , sex acts found , source says
CNN  -- The Bowe Bergdahl story may be coming to the big screen . Director Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal are developing a feature film based on the story of Bergdahl , the U.S. Army sergeant who recently returned to the United States after five years in captivity in Afghanistan . If the film makes it to the screen , it will be familiar territory for Bigelow and Boal , whose movies "  The Hurt Locker " and "  Zero Dark Thirty " looked at U.S. involvement in the Mideast and South Asia through the lenses of a bomb-disposal expert and a CIA agent , respectively . Tony Angellotti , Boal 's press rep , confirmed that the writer 's production company , Page 1 , will work on this movie . "  The Hurt Locker "  2009  won six Oscars , including best picture , best original screenplay for Boal and best director for Bigelow . "  Zero Dark Thirty "  2012  , about the search for Osama bin Laden , was nominated for five Oscars and won one , but not for either Boal or Bigelow . A film on Bergdahl will likely prove controversial . The soldier went missing in June 2009 in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . He was released on May 31 in exchange for five Taliban figures held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official has told CNN . Army general to start investigating how , why Bowe Bergdahl left base Other movies from the director-writer team also dealt with shades of gray . "  The Hurt Locker 's " bomb disposal expert , played by Jeremy Renner , sees horrific events in Iraq but finds he needs the adrenaline rush of his military work to function . "  Zero Dark Thirty " included a controversial waterboarding scene , which led to a debate over the film 's position on torture . Those films were hailed for their gritty , sometimes documentary-like camerawork . As Bigelow told CNN in 2009 about "  The Hurt Locker , " "  I wanted to create a real you-are-there , boots-on-the-ground feeling . " CNN 's Lorenza Brascia and Leslie Bentz contributed to this report .	Director Kathryn Bigelow and writer Mark Boal are planning on Bowe Bergdahl movie Bigelow and Boal are team behind "  The Hurt Locker " and "  Zero Dark Thirty " Bergdahl is U.S. soldier held in captivity , released in exchange for Taliban
Gaza  CNN  -- Israel late Saturday authorized an extension of the humanitarian cease-fire in Gaza for another 24 hours at the request of the United Nations , Israeli officials told CNN . But Hamas rejected a cease-fire extension , Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri said . "  Any humanitarian cease-fire that does not include the withdrawal of the occupation soldiers from Gaza borders and allowing citizens to return to their homes and evacuate casualties is unacceptable , " he said . Prior to Hamas ' rejection , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat also expressed concerns about occupation . "  I 'm very , very worried , " Erakat told CNN . "  We are witnessing the gradual reoccupation of Gaza . " The developments came as a tenuous cease-fire both parties agreed to earlier appeared to be shattered , with at least eight militant rockets again hurtling toward Israel as diplomats pushed for a longer truce in a conflict that has killed more than 1,000 people -- mostly civilians . The Israeli Security Cabinet late Saturday agreed to extend the cease-fire , starting at 5 p.m. ET , on the condition that Israel Defense Forces continues dismantling and destroying militant tunnels from Gaza into Israel , according to senior Israeli officials . Lt. Col Peter Lerner , an IDF spokesman , told CNN that dozens of tunnels provided militants "  easy infiltration " to carry out attacks against Israelis . "  We will do what it takes in order to stop this threat , " he said . "  We have to take this threat off of the table . " Senior Israeli officials said IDF would "  act against any violations of the cease-fire " during this period . The Cabinet was to reconvene Sunday to discuss the continuation of the military operation , the officials said . Israel had earlier agreed to extend the truce for four hours , but Hamas spokesman Abu Zuhri said there would be no extension . The original cease-fire started at 8 a.m. Saturday  1 a.m. ET  . The temporary truce enabled Palestinians to move medical supplies into Gaza , families to emerge from shelters and people to dig the dead from piles of rubble . The prospect of an extension faded quickly as the IDF accused militants of exploiting the humanitarian window by firing at Israel for the second time , with three rockets hitting the Sha'ar HaNegev regional council . Earlier Saturday , moments after the cease-fire officially ended , another three mortars were fired from Gaza and hit Israel in the Eshkol regional council . No casualties or damage were reported . At about 4 p.m. ET , IDF said four rockets had been fired in the last hour : two were intercepted above Ashkelon , one was intercepted above the Shfela region and another came down in the Hof Ashkelon regional council . Residents back in harm 's way ? The IDF said many Gaza residents were returning to previously evacuated areas despite repeated warnings , placing themselves at risk . It said operations against the tunnel threat continued and defensive positions were being maintained . Israeli government officials told CNN that the United Nations has asked for a 24-hour humanitarian cease-fire extension . "  We owe to the people of both Israel and Gaza our renewed effort to consolidate this pause in fighting into a more sustainable ceasefire , " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said in statement , reiterating his call for seven-day humanitarian cease-fire . Palestinians found more than 100 bodies in areas that have been too dangerous to enter in recent days because of Israeli bombardment , Dr. Ashraf al-Qedra from the Gaza Ministry of Health told CNN . Nearly 1,050 Palestinians have been killed and about 6,000 wounded since the start of an Israeli operation , al-Qedra said . The IDF reported that two Israeli soldiers wounded in Gaza in the past week died on Saturday , bringing to 42 the number of Israeli troops killed in the current operation . The possibility of a longer truce seems to have passed , according to comments from the Hamas camp . "  There wo n't been any talks about extending the cease-fire as long as there are n't talks about breaking the siege , " said Israa Al-Mudalal of the Gaza Ministry of Foreign Affairs . She accused Israel of "  escalating the situation " in the so-called buffer zone and of not letting medical workers remove bodies in certain areas . "  We ca n't stop the firing  of rockets  until we have a real solution to this problem , " she said . "  There will be no peace as long as the siege continues . " Two senior Hamas officials , Izzat Risheq and Jamal Nazal , told CNN that the truce negotiations were tense and difficult . In Paris on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and other diplomats pushed for an extended truce . He met with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu . The passions of the conflict , meanwhile , echoed across the world . About 40 protesters were arrested in Paris on Saturday when a banned pro-Palestinian demonstration turned violent , authorities said . Police brandished shields as they faced off with protesters in a cloud of tear gas at Place de la Rร ยฉ publique , a busy pedestrian square in central Paris . Angry protesters hurled glass shards and rocks at police , set a small fire and smashed a bus shelter . ` There is no Eid ' A CNN team visiting the hardest-hit areas in northern Gaza where many of the newly-discovered bodies were discovered saw entire blocks of buildings reduced to rubble . "  I wish this cease-fire had never happened , " one man in Beit Hanoun told CNN , "  And I would have never found out my home is destroyed . " Another woman in Beit Hanoun meets a neighbor as she navigates her way through mounds of rubble and metal . "  Did you see my home ? " "  It 's gone . Nothing is left , " the neighbor responds . Families took advantage of the cease-fire to stock up on provisions . "  There are more people in the streets , " said a mother of five in Khan Younis , who did not want to be named . "  People who were afraid before , go out now out of necessity . People with sick kids go to the hospital today . Buy Pampers today . Buy food today . I went to get bread for my family today . " She added , "  When my husband goes to the mosque to pray , I pray that he comes back . ... If someone killed a cat in America , people make a bigger deal about it than children dying in Gaza . " As the Muslim world prepared to celebrate the Eid holiday in two days , Gaza residents buried the dead . "  There is no Eid , " the woman in Khan Younis said . "  In the Gaza Strip , it would be absurd for anyone to bake cookies . " Israel Defense Forces have accused militants of hiding weapons in shelters and schools and firing rockets at civilians . The IDF said it will keep working to "  locate and neutralize tunnels " being used by militants during the cease-fire and will respond with force if militants target Israeli civilians or soldiers . Doctor : ` We are preparing ourselves for death ' The bloodshed is pushing hospitals in Gaza to the limit . At South Gaza 's European Hospital , the flood of bloodied children and adults has overwhelmed doctors . "  We sometimes work 20 hours continuous , " Dr. Jamal Abu Hilal said . Doctors here say they 're sick of stitching up bodies mutilated by shrapnel . "  We feel exhausted . We feel anxious . We feel depressed , " Hilal 's colleague Dr. Shadi said . In one room , surgeons worked on a child mangled by shrapnel . The rest of the boy 's family was killed . "  Not even one square meter is safe in Gaza strip , " Dr. Hassen al-Masri said . He , too , is afraid of dying in the conflict . The doctor carries his identification papers with him all the time , even while treating patients -- just in case . "  We are preparing ourselves for death . " Casualties mount in West Bank The violence has also expanded to the West Bank . At least four Palestinians were killed in outbreaks of violence in several parts of the West Bank , according to medical sources . A 23-year-old man was shot near Huwara village outside Nablus by Jewish settlers , a doctor at the Rafidia Hospital said . The circumstances of his death are unclear , but it led to clashes between protesters and the Israeli military in which another man was killed , medical sources said . Two more men were killed during clashes with Israeli troops at a checkpoint north of Hebron in Beir Ummar in the West Bank , according to Palestinian medical sources . The violent protests came after the U.N. shelter in Gaza was hit , killing 16 people and wounding a couple hundred more -- most of them women and children . Video from the school showed chaos amid pools of blood . There were so many victims than many gurneys included two wounded children . The bloodshed left the U.N. Secretary-General exasperated . "  I am telling to the parties -- both Israelis and Hamas , Palestinians -- that it is morally wrong to kill your own people , " Ban said . The "  whole world has been watching , is watching with great concern . You must stop fighting and enter into dialogue . " Americans fighting for Israel Is Hamas using human shields in Gaza ? What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Map : Tension felt around the world U.S. ends ban on flights in Ben Gurion CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported from Gaza ; Ray Sanchez wrote from New York and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Salma Abdelaziz , Ben Wedeman , Elise Labott , Richard Roth , Ian Lee , Tal Heinrich , Tim Lister and Samira Said contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas : A cease-fire that does n't include troop withdrawal is unacceptable Israel authorizes extension of cease-fire for 24 more hours More 1,000 Palestinians have been killed , at least 40 Israeli soldiers have died More than 100 bodies found in Gaza areas too dangerous to enter in recent days
CNN  -- This year marked the 50th anniversary of one of the most pivotal years in American history , from the assassination of President John F. Kennedy to the historic "  I Have a Dream " speech by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . Those two events were monumental , changing and shaping the course of America for years to come . But 1963 witnessed other moments , both big and small , that had a lasting impact . The Boeing 727 took its first flight . The first push-button telephone was introduced . The "  red phone " between Washington and Moscow , a hotline by the two superpowers to avert world crisis , was established . On the cultural front , instant replay was used for the first time when the Army-Navy game aired on CBS . Alfred Hitchcock 's new movie , "  The Birds , " was released . And the Beatles burst onto the music scene . Here is a look back at some of those defining moments : The Kennedy assassination It marked the fourth time a U.S. president had been assassinated , the first since William McKinley was killed in 1901 . Kennedy was visiting Texas amid controversy over his stance on civil rights . Yet the streets of Dallas were packed on November 22 , 1963 . Thousands greeted the president and first lady as the motorcade wound its way through the city . The nation came to a standstill shortly after shots rang out . Kennedy was declared dead at 1 p.m. -- a moment etched in television history when CBS anchor Walter Cronkite removed his glasses , paused and collected himself to deliver the news to the nation . 5 things you may not know about the JFK assassination Hundreds of conspiracy theories would abound later as to whether gunman Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone . But in the days and weeks afterward , the nation mourned together . Another iconic image emerged from that time , of Kennedy 's son , John Jr. , standing at attention next to the president 's flag-draped coffin . One JFK conspiracy that may be true March on Washington Civil rights in the United States was pushed to the fore in June 1963 with a series of events : Kennedy addressed the nation to call for civil rights legislation ; civil rights activist Medgar Evers was assassinated at his home in Jackson , Mississippi ; and a defiant Gov. George Wallace stood in the doorway at the University of Alabama barring blacks from entering , until the federal government ordered him to step aside . Why some movements work and others wilt Those events brought the issue of equality for all to Main Street and enlightened many Americans on the brutality faced by blacks in the South . It also emboldened civil rights leaders as they brought their message -- along with hundreds of thousands of supporters -- to the steps of the Lincoln Memorial , culminating with King 's iconic "  I Have a Dream " speech on August 28 , 1963 . How much has changed since the March on Washington ? ' I Have a Dream ' almost did n't make it into the speech The 16th Street Bombing Just weeks after the March on Washington , the civil rights movement was thrust into the headlines again -- this time the result of unspeakable tragedy . A bomb went off on September 15 , 1963 , at the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham , Alabama , killing four African-American girls . So tragic was the event that one Southern editor wrote about how one of the grieving mothers held her daughter 's shoe outside the bombed building : "  In her hand she held a shoe , one shoe , from the foot of her dead child . We hold that shoe with her . " One small shoe : A legacy of the Birmingham bombing Many historians credit the horror of the 16th Street Bombing with turning the tide in Congress , resulting in the passage of the historic civil rights bill the following year . Siblings of the bombing Letter from Birmingham Jail In early 1963 , King helped organize a massive protest in Birmingham , one of the most violently segregationist cities in the South . But the protests faltered because activists could n't summon enough participants and were running out of bail money for those who had been arrested . King decided he needed to do something dramatic -- and provoked his arrest by leading a demonstration on April 12 , Good Friday . In jail , King read an ad placed in a local newspaper by eight moderate white clergymen who called him an outside agitator and lawbreaker and counseled him to wait . King did n't take their advice . Scribbling in the margins of the newspaper or on whatever paper he could find , he unloaded on the clergymen . Writing only from memory , he cited Socrates , St. Augustine , the Jewish philosopher Martin Buber and the theologian Paul Tillich . He gave his writing to his lawyer , who smuggled it out of jail , had it typed up and copied . It was published by the Quakers as a pamphlet and appeared in the Christian Century , Atlantic Monthly and Saturday Evening Post . King 's "  Letter From Birmingham Jail " became a chapter in his popular 1964 book , "  Why We Ca n't Wait , " and is considered a classic defense of civil disobedience . How MLK became an angry black man Beatlemania It may seem silly to refer to the Beatles as the original boy band , but that 's what they were in 1963 . The release of the British band 's debut album , "  Please Please Me , " on March 22 , 1963 , was the start of a cultural revolution that would change the music landscape for decades to come . In a single year , the Beatles went from relative obscurity to playing in front of 73 million Americans on "  The Ed Sullivan Show . " That year also witnessed the launch of other musicians who became icons , including the Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan . The lasting impact of their revolution influenced not just music , but modern art , design and fashion for decades to come . The Beatles , Bob and Mick : 50 years since the youthful revolution	Kennedy 's assassination , Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech marked 1963 Fifty years later , 2013 offered an opportunity to revisit those events Other civil rights milestones plus cultural touchstones made it a pivotal year
Seven years after Tom Cruise famously jumped on a couch during an "  Oprah " taping to declare his love for Katie Holmes , the actor and actress are ending their marriage , Cruise 's attorney said Friday . Holmes filed for divorce Thursday , according to Cruise 's lawyer Bert Fields . "  Tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids , " Fields said . Why you think TomKat split Cruise 's publicist , Amanda Lundberg , confirmed the pending divorce -- which was first reported by People , like CNN a division of Time Warner -- and urged people to respect "  their privacy to work this out . " Jonathan Wolfe , an attorney for Holmes , called the issue "  a personal and private matter for Katie and her family . " "  Katie 's primary concern remains , as it has always been , her daughter 's best interest , " Wolfe said in a statement . Tom always wanted to be a father The couple wed in Italy in November 2006 , seven months after their daughter , Suri , was born . Pictures of the family have often appeared in tabloid magazines in the years since , though the couple have steered clear of controversy and frequently appeared together at events . In the June edition of Playboy , Cruise , 49 , said he loved Holmes , 33 , as much as when they got hitched 5 1/2 years earlier . "  She is an extraordinary person , and if you spent five minutes with her , you 'd see it , " he said . "  I 'm just happy , and I have been since the moment I met her . What we have is very special . " Cruise is one of Hollywood 's most recognizable stars , starring in "  Taps " and "  The Outsiders " before breaking out in the 1983 film "  Risky Business . " He 's appeared in a host of widely seen films since , including Oscar-nominated roles in "  Born on the Fourth of July , " "  Jerry Maguire " and "  Magnolia " and the hit action series "  Mission Impossible . " Suri plays stylist for mom Katie Holmes Holmes became known to America as an actress on the teen drama TV series "  Dawson 's Creek , " which aired between 1998 and 2003 . She has since appeared in several productions , including the movie "  Batman Begins " and TV miniseries "  The Kennedys . " The two began dating in 2005 , and months into their relationship Cruise made headlines by jumping on a couch as an open-mouthed Oprah Winfrey watched because he could n't contain his excitement about Holmes . "  It just happened , " Cruise said , according to a story on Oprah.com recapping the interview . "  She 's amazing , and I 'd think the same of her even if she was n't with me -- she 's just amazing . " HLN : Yes , but ... what will Suri blog about ? Holmes mentioned on the talk show how she 'd grown up dreaming that she 'd someday marry the "  Top Gun " star . Their marriage was Holmes ' first and the third for Cruise , who 'd earlier been married to actresses Mimi Rogers and Nicole Kidman . He had two children from his marriage with the Academy Award-winning Kidman before their divorce in 2001 . Tom and Nicole 's son is a budding DJ	Holmes filed for divorce Thursday from Cruise , his lawyer says Cruise 's publicist asks for privacy so couple can "  work this out " "  Tom is very sad about it and is concentrating on the kids , " the lawyer says The two married in 2006 , seven months after their daughter , Suri , was born
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania teen has been charged as an adult for allegedly planning to kill classmates he did not like before turning the gun on himself in a high school shooting spree , a Pennsylvania prosecutor said Tuesday . Richard Yanis allegedly stole three handguns from his father and told police he planned to "  shoot students in the school and then himself " at Pottstown High School , Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said in a press release . Yanis , 15 , was charged with attempted murder in adult court because juvenile law in Montgomery County excludes crimes committed with a deadly weapon , Ferman said . The investigation began when the teen 's father reported that three handguns were stolen from a secured gun locker in his basement , Ferman said . His son allegedly took a Smith & Wesson .357 caliber revolver , a Smith & Wesson .22 caliber semi-automatic pistol and a Colt .45 caliber semi-automatic pistol , Ferman said . Richard Yanis gave the guns and ammunition to an unnamed friend from school and asked him to "  hold onto it , " the statement said . The friend allegedly showed his stepmother the guns , and the two drove to a nearby creek where they tossed in the weapons . The friend told a teacher at Pottstown High School what happened , and police were called . Yanis told police he planned to attack the school after the New Year , officials said . "  He was going to go into the school shooting , shoot everyone he did not like , and then himself , " Ferman said . "  He was to have the guns loaded and have the additional ammunition inside his backpack , " she said . "  On the day of the planned shooting , Yanis said he was going to tell his friends to go home from school . " John Armato , director of community relations at Pottstown Senior High School , described Yanis "  as quiet , relatively introverted . " "  He did not have a great number of friends or a history of discipline problems , " Armato said . "  He had no history of aggressive behaviors in school . " Yanis ' parents had no comment , but family friend Brian Hanlon spoke on their behalf . "  I can say that it was definitely out of character , but that his parents are dealing with it as best as possible , " Hanlon said . "  They want everyone to respect their privacy at this time while dealing with these events . " CNN 's Chloe Melas contributed to this report .	Richard Yanis charged with attempted murder for alleged high school shooting plot Yanis , 15 , planned to kill people he did n't like and then himself , prosecutor says Teen is charged as adult because of use of gun in alleged plot , prosecutor says Teen described as introverted , no history of aggressive behavior
A Marine Corps reservist says he accidentally drove his truck across the U.S. border into Tijuana , Mexico , where he was arrested and charged with possession of three firearms and ammunition . All of the guns were legally registered in the United States . Surprisingly , however , in Los Estados Unidos Mexicanos , firearm possession is almost completely outlawed . Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi , a decorated Marine who served two tours in Afghanistan , had a shotgun , a handgun and a rifle -- all illegal in Mexico . He also had 400 pieces of ammunition . He is being held on weapons charges in a prison outside a town near Tijuana . I can imagine what some people might be thinking upon hearing this news . Wait -- Mexico has strict gun control laws ? And anyone from the Southwest , or anyone who has ever been to Tijuana , might have followed that up with : Wait -- Tijuana has laws ? After all , many 19-year-old Americans go to Tijuana specifically because of the border town 's legendary , shall we say , "  relaxed " legal approach to minimum drinking ages and competitively priced prostitutes . But it 's true : Although the Mexican Constitution is similar to the U.S. Constitution in that it guarantees some right to arms , Mexico 's statutory ownership and permit laws have essentially regulated this "  right " into a theoretical one . That 's right , Mexico is actually tough on guns . Well , sort of . The controlling law is Ley Federal de Armas de Fuego y Explosivos  LFAFE  , or the Federal Firearms and Explosives Law .  For a terrific translation of the text into English , as well as an academic analysis of Mexican gun laws , check out David Kopel 's Mexico 's Gun Control Laws : A Model for the United States ? The short version : Tahmooressi , who has been held more than two months , faces some serious penalties for the firearms in his truck . Even possessing ammunition without prior authorization is prohibited in Mexico by federal law , with penalties of up to 30 years in prison . Mexico 's message is clear : Firearms ? No bueno . The incident has triggered a groundswell of support for the sergeant in the States . This raises an interesting issue , however . If Tahmooressi was n't such a sympathetic figure , in fact , if he was anything other than a war hero , many of us might be asking different questions . Questions such as : Who accidentally drives into Mexico with a truck full of firearms ? Because if you strip away the good character , the remaining facts are not so good for Tahmooressi , especially from a criminal defense perspective . A Mexican prosecutor could focus on the basic facts : First , Tahmooressi drove his car across the border into Mexico ; second , with firearms and ammunition in his truck . In Mexico , that 's a clearly defined crime . On the defense side , it 's been widely reported how easy it is to accidentally drive into Mexico at the San Ysidro border crossing . This could help negate his intent . Then there 's the issue of Tahmooressi 's war-related conditions , which may have contributed to his unfortunate choice of highway ramps . Tahmooressi suffered a severe concussion when a homemade bomb seriously damaged his vehicle in Afghanistan . His mother has said he suffers from "  directional dysfunctionality , " which means he frequently gets lost , as well as post-traumatic stress disorder , depression and hypervigilance -- conditions acquired during , and because of his service . And more to his credit , this Marine did make law-abiding decisions : His firearms were lawfully registered in the U.S. , and he immediately called 911 from his cell phone for guidance when he 'd realized his mistake . This country has rallied around Tahmooressi because he 's exactly the kind of figure America rallies around : a good person caught in a bad situation . But what if this happened to someone else ? What if this were just a trust-fund frat boy on spring break , who took a wrong turn in his parents ' Volvo with an AK-47 in the passenger seat ? Would there be the same outpouring of sympathy , if other facts remained the same ? Apply the same facts to the fictional spring-breaker above , or one of the Jackass guys , or -- dare I say it -- Justin Bieber . Do you think most of America would be so mobilized ? Whether we admit it or not , the level of popular support is often driven by the character of the person involved , and not the underlying facts . If "  The Biebs " had made this wrong turn , we 'd be saying good riddance -- and we would n't care what his mental health status was at all . Do n't get me wrong : If I were president , I 'd have already sent in Blackhawk helicopters to extract Tahmooressi -- but mercifully for the U.S. , I 'm not the President . He even attempted a prison escape . Of course , attorneys are ethically forbidden to counsel a crime like a prison escape , but I 'm pretty sure we can silently root for one -- especially when it 's in a foreign jurisdiction . Mexico should be equally praised and criticized for its gun control legislation . In theory , as written , the statute attempts to restrict gun ownership to only the most responsible owners , or the most necessary purposes . In practice , however , we all know Mexico is hardly a gun-free , crime-free utopia . Tahmooressi is a responsible gun owner whose ownership did not comply with Mexican law . Now , his freedom depends on three factors , unrelated to the facts : First , the Mexican government can choose not to prosecute . Prosecutors in the States have discretion to withdraw prosecution in the interest of justice . I hope their Mexican counterparts have similar interests : to secure justice rather than victory . Second , U.S. political pressure may help to secure his release . But if Tahmooressi benefits from either of these , it will be because of his good character and not the underlying facts . The underlying facts here are bad for this defendant . Of course , the third option is a safe escape from a Mexican jail ... but I did n't actually recommend that .	A Marine is in prison after driving into Tijuana with guns in his truck , illegal in Mexico Danny Cevallos : Penalties severe for entering Mexico illegally and breaking its gun law Cevallos : Many are rooting for him : Would they if he were n't a sympathetic character ? Cevallos : Maybe Mexico wo n't prosecute , or U.S. pressure will get him released
DAR ES SALAAM , Tanzania  CNN  -- President Bush gave Tanzania 's president , who played basketball as a youth , a pair of Shaquille O'Neal 's shoes Sunday , along with millions of dollars to help combat disease and poverty in the east African country . President Jakaya Kikwete , next to President Bush , looks on as Bush greets a boy at a Tanzanian hospital Sunday . The gift of the American basketball icon 's size-23 hightops spoke to the lighter side of Bush 's visit . President Jakaya Kikwete presented gifts , too -- a stuffed leopard and lion , a Zebra skin and a wood carving for the American president who was enthusiastically welcomed on the second stop of his five-nation African tour . The Tanzanian president later artfully dodged a reporter 's question on the potential that the U.S. might elect a black president , Sen. Barack Obama , whose father is Kenyan . Kikwete looked at Bush before demonstrating his political deftness , saying , "  Let him be as good a friend of Africa as President Bush has been . " But there was plenty of serious business to tend to as well , namely the signing of a compact under which the U.S. is to provide a $ 698 million grant to Tanzania . Watch how Bush explained what African nations are candidates for U.S. aid " U.S. funding is intended to help African governments buy mosquito netting and insecticide to prevent the spread of malaria . "  It breaks my heart to know that little children are dying needlessly because of a mosquito bite , " Bush said . Bush also attended a roundtable on the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief , or PEPFAR , program , which Kikwete said is saving lives and helping the African continent avert a health disaster . Bush said he has requested $ 30 billion over the next five years for the program . Though PEPFAR has helped increase accessibility to anti-viral drugs , the program is controversial because there is little focus on distributing condoms -- a staple of the program under President Clinton -- or on sex education , said Joel Barkan , a senior associate for the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The program is "  largely pursued through faith-based initiatives , " he said , adding that it 's not clear whether the AIDS-prevalence rates are going down . After their visit to Tanzania , the president and first lady Laura Bush will travel to Rwanda to meet with President Paul Kagame . Watch why Bush looks to Africa as part of his legacy " The U.S. has provided nearly 7,000 Rwandan troops with training , and spent more than $ 17 million to equip the troops and send them to Sudan , according to National Security adviser Stephen Hadley . Ethnic and tribal violence has raged for years in Sudan 's western Darfur region , leaving about 200,000 dead and more than 2 million displaced . Arab militias , said to be backed by the Sudanese government , have wantonly attacked Africans , and numerous rebel groups have attacked government targets . "  In Darfur , the U.S. will continue to call the killing what it is -- genocide , " Bush said last week . The Bushes will go to Ghana then Liberia after visiting Rwanda . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who is on the Africa trip , will head to Kenya on Monday to support efforts to reach political conciliation there . The country erupted in ethnic violence after a December presidential vote , in which President Mwai Kibaki kept his post . Opposition leader Raila Odinga blasted the results , saying the election was rigged . He and his supporters declined to recognize the election results . Violence has declined some since former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan began mediating between the two groups . Bush 's first stop on the six-day tour was Benin , where he arrived Saturday . There , President Thomas Yayi Boni inducted Bush into the National Order of Benin and gave the American president a sash , cross medallion and lapel pin . He also thanked Bush for U.S. aid aimed at fighting poverty , malaria and HIV/AIDS , and he asked for help for Benin 's struggling cotton exports . Boni said it was tough for Benin to compete with Asian cotton producers because of their superior infrastructure and with U.S. cotton growers because of government subsidies . Bush responded that the U.S. is willing to make concessions , but suggested that Benin might be better served to develop a cotton-products industry rather than trying to export raw cotton . Boni said Benin needs international help bolstering its electricity , water , communication and transportation systems before expanding its manufacturing sector . Bush said he chose Benin to start his African tour because its leaders were determined to fight corruption and were careful to make sure U.S. aid dollars were properly spent . "  The United States wants to partner with leaders and their people , but we 're not going to do so with people who steal money , pure and simple , " Bush said . The United States has given Benin $ 307 million in a five-year grant to fight poverty , part of Bush 's Millennium Challenge Account , which provides aid to countries that practice democratic principles and sound economic policy . Bush 's trip to Africa is "  basically an effort to celebrate successes , " said Joel Barkan of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Most Americans picture Africa as the "  continent of gloom and doom , " but the president is saying the bigger picture is one of "  making progress . " Barkan added , "  The question might be asked why he 's not going to a number of countries , " in particular the regional powers of Kenya , South Africa and Nigeria . "  If the election in Kenya had gone well , " the analyst said , "  I 'm sure Kenya would have been included . That 's not possible now . " The trip marks Bush 's second to the continent and his wife 's fifth . E-mail to a friend	President Bush signs aid compact with Tanzania during Africa tour President , first lady visiting five nations during six-day visit to the region Benin thanked President Bush for anti-AIDS efforts , other U.S. help Saturday Condoleezza Rice will visit Kenya to back efforts to end political crisis there
HASTINGS-ON-HUDSON , New York  CNN  -- In 2002 , Pam Koner was flipping through the The New York Times when a photograph stopped her in her tracks : an 8-year-old girl laying across her torn , barren mattress in Pembroke , Illinois , forking pasta and a boiled chicken bone into her mouth . The girl 's image signified the deep-rooted poverty in her rural community . Pam Koner is combating hunger by connecting sponsor and recipient families . The picture moved Koner to tears and inspired her to take action . "  When I read about a community so profoundly poor that women and children were not eating the last week of the month , I walked into my living room where my daughters were and said , ` We 're going to do something as a family , ' " recalls Koner , a 57-year-old single mother of two living in Hastings-on-Hudson , New York . In the seven years since , Koner 's determination to help families in Pembroke led to the creation of Family-to-Family , a nonprofit that connects more than 600 sponsor and recipient families in 13 communities nationwide . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes . The project began with Koner contacting an outreach worker in Pembroke , who told her the town needed food more than anything else . Koner enlisted help from her neighbors and parents of children in her childcare business ; the group began sending monthly boxes of food and basic household items to the neediest families in the Illinois town . "  People were excited to be a part of something , " says Koner of her donor community . "  Something so little as shopping , packing and sending a box . " Through monthly food donations , Koner 's organization has provided nearly 800,000 meals to struggling families across the country . For privacy purposes , she says , the group makes sure donor and recipient communities are at a distance , such as an Atlanta , Georgia , chapter helping a community in Kentucky or a Florida family helping a Navajo family in New Mexico . In addition to providing basic essentials , families exchange letters , swap photographs and share stories about cultural traditions and family events . "  There 's a shared learning experience , " says Koner . "  When a sponsoring family reads about a Navajo family lifestyle -- barren landscape , a trailer home with no electricity and no running water -- children get a profound , firsthand look at differences . Knowing that each other exists changes the way we look at the world . " Watch Koner describe how the communities connect with each other " The economic downturn has prompted Koner 's group to broaden its outreach and sponsorship methods . Bedford-Stuyvesant , a community in Brooklyn , New York , of predominantly working-class African-Americans , is the group 's only urban sponsored community . It is also one of the organization 's cyber-adoption sites , where sponsor families participate through Paypal , an online money exchange tool . A food pantry buys and boxes up the food to give directly to the families . Koner also learned of families in her own Hastings-on-Hudson community in need of help . "  I was quite surprised , " Koner says . "  Hastings is probably middle-class to upper-middle-class . It 's not a showy community , but this was a community of families who were not in need of help before . " Her community has eagerly embraced its neighbors in need , she says , but unlike traditional sponsored families at a distance , Hastings-sponsored families presented privacy concerns . "  That there could be a child who was going to school with my child who I was helping ... we felt that was too personal and private . To respect the individual family in need -LSB- was -RSB- important for us since we live so close together , " says Koner . To help maintain their anonymity , donations for the 11 sponsored families in Hastings are labeled by letters of the alphabet , so sponsor families have no identifiable information about who they 're helping . Watch how kids in Koner 's town are helping to feed far-away families " Despite economic challenges , Koner says she 's noticed growing enthusiasm among families to become sponsors in her own community and beyond . "  I anticipated that we would really be affected , people would drop out . But that has n't happened . We 've actually launched new chapters of sponsoring families . " Koner attributes the outpouring of generosity to a heightened awareness for how tough times present a new outlook on giving . Watch Koner and some sponsor families in action " "  There are plenty of communities where families are struggling themselves , but will keep this as part of their budget , " she says . "  We 're all affected . No one knows what 's going to happen tomorrow . We need to be there for each other and we need to share . We 're meant to be connected . " Want to get involved ? Check out Family-to-Family and see how to help .	Pam Koner 's nonprofit connects sponsor and recipient families Family-to-Family has provided nearly 800,000 meals to those in need Families also connect on a social level , exchanging letters , photos , stories Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
Harry Belafonte , one of the nation 's most prominent African-American performers and social activists , is suing the children of the nation 's pre-eminent civil rights leader , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The battle between the families of civil rights titans , over three documents , is detailed in a federal court lawsuit Belafonte filed against Bernice King , Dexter King and Martin Luther King III . The dispute began in 2008 when Belafonte tried to sell the documents through a Sotheby 's auction in what he said was a fundraiser for a community organization . The King estate stopped the sale , alleging the documents did not belong to Belafonte . Now , Belafonte , who is 86 , is suing to establish his ownership of the materials . The lawsuit is an ugly twist in a family friendship that has become part of the story of the American civil rights movement . Belafonte , as a successful African-American musician and actor , is said to have provided for the very children he is now suing so King could pursue his activism . He also raised and donated money to sponsor major civil rights actions like the Freedom Rides . In her autobiography , Coretta Scott King said of Belafonte : "  Whenever we got into trouble or when tragedy struck , Harry has always come to our aid , his generous heart wide open . " He had a public split with the family in 2006 , when the children disinvited him to speak at their mother 's funeral after President George W. Bush announced he would attend . Belafonte had been an outspoken critic of Bush . In an interview that year on Democracy Now , Belafonte spoke of what motivated his financial support of King 's family , saying he wanted to make sure "  the welfare of his family would never be in jeopardy with him being at the helm of the movement , and we brought resources , and it was my task to direct all that , watching the kids grow , put money aside for their studies , to take care of Coretta , to make sure she had every convenience at her disposal to go , come while her husband was incarcerated . " King was said to make $ 8,000 a year as a preacher . According to the lawsuit , the three documents in question were given to Belafonte by King or his aides and widow . They include reflections of how close the two men were , such as an outline written on a legal pad in Belafonte 's apartment for one of King 's signature speeches . There are also notes for a speech King had in his pocket the day he was shot to death . King and his wife were known for giving documents as gifts and Belafonte is one of many associates who lay claim to what would become a library of civil rights papers . Belafonte , the King children , their lawyers and representatives would not comment on the litigation . But the dispute is in line with other legal actions by the King family to regain King 's documents . They have repeatedly lost legal efforts to take back papers given to individuals or institutions by King , a fact Belafonte 's lawsuit points out . In this case , the lawsuit maintains the family 's legal claim to the documents has expired . Moving out of the dreamer 's shadow : A King daughter 's long journey	Belafonte 's dispute with the Kings began in 2008 when he tried to sell the documents Lawsuit : Documents in question were given to Belafonte by King , his aides and widow Belafonte wants a judge to order the papers released to him The King estate has been aggressive in gaining control of MLK papers from others
LONDON , England  CNN  -- We 've become used to a world where what we buy is determined by what products are stocked by a handful of chain stores , but there are signs that may be changing . The future could be one of thriving cottage industries and skilled artisans lovingly producing custom-made wares . An "  apple jacket , " by jacquelineknits , is just one of the handmade items you can find on Etsy . That 's the vision of Etsy , a U.S.-based Web site that describes itself as "  an online crafts fair . " But unlike your local Sunday-morning market , Etsy 's crafts fair has some 200,000 stall holders , who have this year sold just under $ 50 million-worth of their homemade goods . The site was conceived and launched in 2005 by Rob Kalin , a carpenter , among other things , who was looking for somewhere to sell his work online . At the time , the only real outlet was eBay , but Kalin was looking for something different , something that would provide a place for small-time artisans to sell their creations . But according to Etsy , the site is more than simply a good business opportunity . "  One of our goals is to change the way the economy works . It 's become normal for people to buy online and the spread of the online buying culture means it has become very democratic . If you have a computer and camera and you like to make things , you can make and sell anything you want . I consider it liberating for people , " an Etsy spokesman told CNN . If the site 's popularity is anything to go buy , it 's a model that 's proved tremendously successful . But the reason for that success is that Etsy has tapped into a growing pool of crafters and a demand for handmade goods . In the U.S. especially , there has recently been a resurgence in the popularity of handmade goods . The idea has even emerged of crafting as a form of political activism -- the term "  Craftivism " has been coined to describe the idea of ` making your own ' as a statement against runaway consumerism and the homogeneity of mass production . A survey carried out by Etsy earlier this year revealed the average age of its crafter/sellers to be 35 -- a far cry from the stereotypical image of grandma knitting a scarf in her rocking chair . Tapping into that zeitgeist , Etsy has tried to create a crafting community by hosting online crafting workshops and offering advice on how to turn a hobby into a business . The site encourages interaction between crafters , but crucially , it enables interaction between buyers and sellers . "  Anyone can go to , say , H&M and get a sweater , but then you have the same sweater as millions of people , but there 's no real meaning to it . It 's really great to be able talk to the person who made something that you now own -- it gives it another layer of meaning and specialness that a lot of people are looking to find , " said the spokesman . Do you prefer handmade to mass produced ? Interestingly , Etsy also offers a service called Alchemy , where buyers request a specific product they want made , along with a deadline and price range , and sellers bid to provide that product for a certain fee . That concept of ` merchandise on demand ' turns the idea of mass production on its head , but British Web site Kings of Neon takes the idea one stage further . Designer Adam Duffy set up Kings of Neon when he realized there was a demand for customized sneakers . As well as adorning plain white plimsolls with his own colorful creations , Duffy lets his customers send him their own graphics , which he turns into a design for them . "  Personally , I 've never bought anything mass produced . I think fashion is about being individual and not wearing the same thing as everything else , otherwise it almost becomes a uniform , " Duffy told CNN . Next month he intends to launch a new site that will allow users to create their own designs online , an extension of the shoe customizing offered by NikeiD and Vans , which let you personalize your sneakers ' color scheme online . The design-your-own trend is growing and it 's not just limited to sneakers . Zazzle.com lets you customize your own T-shirts , mugs , plates , skateboards , postcards , ties , aprons and pretty much anything else that has a printed image on it . It 's just a matter of importing the image you want to use , adding some text , if that 's what you want , and clicking ` ok . ' The result wo n't make Gucci lose any sleep , but it will be unique . While it 's very different experience from that offered by Etsy , Zazzle does have tools that let you sell your designs on their Web site . At first glance , U.S. online T-shirt firm Threadless is a similar proposition , but what sets Threadless apart is the way it determines which T-shirt designs it sells . Threadless lets members of the public send in their own T-shirt designs , which are then displayed on its website . The site 's 800,000 users can view the designs and vote for the ones they 'd like to see printed . Each week , six designs , selected from around 800 submissions , make it onto T-shirts , which are then sold on the Web site . The designers receive $ 2,000 in cash and $ 500 in gift certificates . What 's clever about the Threadless method is that it means the T-shirts it manufactures have always been extensively market tested -- by the same target market it 's pitching its product to . It 's an example of what has become known as ` crowdsourcing ' -- getting members of the public to collectively perform a task usually done by a professional . Although the term has been applied to some very different projects , at its best it 's profoundly democratic -- and it 's made possible by the Internet . Kings of Neon , Zazzle and Threadless can only exist because the Internet allows interaction between buyer and seller . Similarly , Kalin started Etsy because he could n't afford to rent a physical shop in New York to sell his work from . By providing a virtual shop floor , and a potentially huge passing trade , the internet is a leveler that allows the artisan to compete with the chain store . With the idea of designing-your-own gaining currency , the emergence of a growing army of crafters , and a way for them to sell their product , all that 's needed for a shopping revolution is a consuming public ready to ditch the chain stores in favor of the artisans . EBay recently announced a new web venture called Worldofgood.com , which will provide a shop front for all manner of mostly handmade , ethically supplied goods from around the world . The idea is similar to Etsy , but with a global , ` fair trade ' spin , and the involvement of web giant eBay is a sure sign that handmade has gone mainstream . "  In my opinion , in the U.S. and the western world there is a backlash now . Brand names were really popular in the 80s and 90s , but now I think people are kind of tired of that -- they want something that 's more tailored to them , " Etsy 's spokesman said . If he 's right , and we see a growth in craftspeople and artisans selling directly to the public , then the commerce of the future may bear an uncanny resemblance to that of the past .	U.S.-based Web site "  Etsy " is ` an online crafts fair ' with 200,000 sellers There is a growing demand for handmade and personalized products "  Threadless " lets it users design T-shirts and vote for the best ones The Internet gives artisans an outlet to sell their handmade products
London  CNN  -- Never before in Britain has it been so fashionable -- and financially smart -- to fly the flag . Big business has long been aware of the economic benefits the nation 's symbol of unity can bring . More than a decade ago British Airways and Virgin Atlantic fought over the use of the country 's colors on their livery . And now small firms are making it big themselves on a seemingly insatiable demand for all things emblazoned with the Union Jack . First flown in 1606 , to mark James I 's union of Scotland with England and Wales , the asymmetrical banner is technically called the "  Union Flag " when flown on land , though most know it best by its seafaring name the "  Union Jack . " No royalties , but royal riches The flag has been present in its current form since 1801 , when the Cross of St Patrick was added to the original design in recognition of the Act of Union with Ireland . And because the flag is n't licensed , anyone can print their own patriotic paraphernalia without having to pay any royalties . The recent flurry of royal events -- from Prince William 's wedding to Catherine Middleton last year to the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee this weekend -- has helped Britons regain a love for their national emblem . With the London Olympic Games also in the mix , the "  jubilympics " has amplified a sustained appetite for Union Jacks . Fashions and treats fit for a Queen Socks and slippers ... ties and tea cosies The red , white and blue standard adorns a myriad of products . It can be found on socks and shoes , ties and teapots -- at both ends of the price spectrum . That 's welcome news to traders in a country contending with its first double dip recession since the 1970s -- which was , coincidentally , when the Queen celebrated her Silver Jubilee . But Britain 's famous flag has had a chequered past , and was n't always so coveted . Once seen as a stuffy symbol of Imperial nostalgia , it was hijacked by the far-right , leading to false accusations of nationalism for purveyors of Union Jack products . Adrian Waistle founded Lancashire-based Proud to be British in 1997 , and says customers initially assumed he was affiliated with the far-right British National Party  BNP  . Turn the clocks to 2012 and business is booming . "  What can I say ? It 's party time and we are run off our feet , " he told CNN . Waistle says orders are "  three to four times ' " higher now than during the Royal Wedding . He 's already out of stock on the most popular goods . "  We 've sold out of bunting and paper napkins , even the paper plates . " He adds : "  People keep calling up and asking for them though . " While most companies are cutting staff , Waistle plans to recruit a full-time tech specialist to help with the pick up in traffic on his websites , including www.unionjack.co.uk . Cool Britannia Overlooking London 's iconic Piccadilly Circus , the souvenir shop Cool Britannia takes its name from former U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair 's 1997 national rebranding exercise . As you would imagine , its shelves are brimming with British bargains . Phil Dowsing , Cool Britannia 's Union Jack-dressed mascot , says sales are up at least 20 % on last year , across the chain 's three West End stores . "  The most popular items are the mugs , pens , key rings . They just ca n't seem to get enough of them , " he says . Dowsing also describes sales as "  much busier " than during the Royal Wedding . But you do n't have to come from the United Kingdom to want a piece of the Union Jack . Britain 's continental cousins may have flown the flag upside down on the day the country joined the European Union but now they wear it the right way up with pride . Peering up at 147 , 12 foot-high flags adorning London 's shopping district , Brenda Tode shows off her new Union Jack top to classmates on a school trip from Berlin . "  Look it matches ! " she says . Tode says she likes wearing the Union Jack "  because it 's cool , because this country is cool ! " She continues : "  I do n't care if it 's not my flag . I like it . " Not made in Britain Nick Groom , professor of English at Exeter University is something of an expert on the symbolism behind Great Britain 's gonfalon . And having just released an authoritative biography of the Union Jack , one would imagine Groom is set to make a pretty penny himself . "  The Union Jack is so ubiquitous now it 's almost invisible , " he says . "  Personally , I 've been struck by the recent enthusiasm for it . It has far outstripped what I could have expected . " Groom adds : "  I bet half of the people buying Union Jacks do n't really know the full history and what it means . " Waistle points out another irony . "  Yes they represent the best of British and they are selling like crazy here , " he says . "  But I 'd bet most of the flags on the market are n't made here ... I hear 99 % of them come from China . " Elaine Ly in London contributed to this article	There is an insatiable demand for all things Union Jack The flag is n't licensed , so anyone can print patriotic paraphernalia The recent flurry of royal events has helped Britons regain a love for the national emblem Shops selling British souvenirs report that business is booming
A newly discovered asteroid will pass "  very close " to Earth on Sunday , NASA says . The space rock is estimated to be 60 feet  18 meters  long . It 's expected to fly over New Zealand about 2:18 p.m. EDT  11:18 a.m. PDT / 18:18 UTC . It wo n't hit Earth or any of the thousands of satellites orbiting the planet , NASA says . It will give astronomers and scientists a chance to study it . The asteroid wo n't be visible the naked eye , but amateur astronomers should be able to see it with telescopes . Called 2014 RC , the asteroid was discovered on August 31 by the Catalina Sky Survey near Tucson , Arizona . NASA 's Near Earth Object Program estimates there are thousands of asteroids that could threaten Earth , but experts say none of the ones being tracked are expected to hit the planet anytime soon . Sometimes , though , space rocks sneak by the scientists and amateur astronomers who track them . On February 15 , 2013 , a nearly 60-foot-wide meteor plunged into Earth 's atmosphere and exploded over the Russian city of Chelyabinsk with the force of about 30 nuclear bombs . The blast injured about 1,500 people . The Chelyabinsk meteor was undetected before it was spotted by local residents as it streaked across the sky . It exploded on the same day that Asteroid 2012 DA14 , one that was being carefully tracked by NASA , safely passed by Earth . NASA is trying to speed up the way it tracks potentially hazardous asteroids and to learn how to deflect rocks that threaten Earth . Its Asteroid Initiative includes a plan to capture an asteroid and tug it into orbit around the moon in the 2020s . If it works , astronauts will land on the asteroid , take samples and bring them back to Earth .	Asteroid 2014 RC will fly "  very close " to Earth on Sunday Earth 's not in danger , NASA says , but the flyby will give scientists something to study The asteroid , which is expected to fly over New Zealand , wo n't be visible the naked eye
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities in Mexico revealed additional details Tuesday about an accused American-born drug kingpin detained Monday who they say moved tons of cocaine into the United States . Masked security forces in black uniforms and helmets , rifles in hand , escorted Edgar Valdez Villarreal and some of his accused associates before news reporters and photographers during a news conference Tuesday morning . Valdez is known as "  La Barbie " because of his blue eyes and fair complexion , but investigators have described him as one of the most ruthless drug traffickers in Mexico . "  The capture of Valdez Villarreal is a high-impact blow against organized crime , " said Alejandro Poire , a spokesman for Mexico 's president on security issues . "  This is an important step in the national security strategy . " Valdez was responsible for smuggling about a ton of cocaine a month into the United States , authorities said Tuesday . They also displayed automatic rifles , ammunition and bags believed to contain drugs -- items they said police seized as they arrested him Monday . Authorities said they 're continuing to investigate to try to learn more about Valdez 's organization . Investigators arrested six people along with Valdez -- four men and two women , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . The six provided logistical help to Valdez in Mexico 's Federal District , which includes the capital , Mexico City . Police recovered automatic weapons , nine packets of cocaine and three vehicles in the arrest , Notimex reported . Authorities identified the six who were arrested with Valdez as Maricela Reyes Lozada , 40 ; Juan Antonio Lopez Reyes , 26 ; Maritzel Lopez Reyes , 18 ; Mauricio Lopez Reyes , 25 ; Arturo Ivan Arroyo , 26 , and Jorge Valentin Landa Coronado , 28 , the news agency said . Viviana Macias , a spokeswoman for the federal attorney general 's office , said Valdez ' capture came after a shootout . The arrest , a high-profile win for Mexican authorities , followed intelligence operations in six Mexican states to determine Valdez 's whereabouts , Poire said . He was captured in the state of Mexico , which borders Mexico City . Valdez was allegedly a one-time top lieutenant of Mexico 's most wanted man , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman . Valdez later joined the breakaway Beltran Leyva cartel , but the leader of that group , Arturo Beltran Leyva , was killed in a shootout with Mexican officials late last year . Beltran 's brother Carlos was arrested , leaving Valdez in a fight to fill a power vacuum in one of Mexico 's most powerful drug cartels . Lieutenants loyal to the cartel 's co-founder deny Valdez is the group 's leader , federal police have said . Valdez , thought to be the first U.S.-born cartel leader in Mexico , is accused in the United States of attempting to launder money and conspiring to import and distribute cocaine . He is believed to have played a key role in shipping roughly 100 kilograms of cocaine across the border at Laredo , Texas , every week for much of 2005 , U.S. authorities have said . In June , U.S. Justice Department officials offered a $ 2 million reward for information leading to the capture of the alleged cocaine kingpin . His arrest comes on the heels of another big blow against the drug cartels . Ignacio "  Nacho " Coronel Villareal , a principal leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel , was killed during a military raid in July . More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since Mexican President Felipe Calderon intensified the government 's fight against drug cartels and organized crime after taking office in December 2006 , according to government figures . The president is under increasing pressure to show results . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Investigators arrested six people along with U.S.-born Edgar Valdez Villarreal Authorities paraded him before news reporters and cameras Tuesday He known as "  La Barbie " because of his blue eyes and fair complexion
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of international visitors come to Nepal each year to explore the spectacular Himalayan Mountains , providing poor communities with millions of dollars that they desperately need . The perils of that endeavor revealed themselves in stark fashion Tuesday , when at least 17 people from around the world died after being trapped in heavy snowfall while trekking at high altitude . A dozen of the deaths were in the popular Annapurna region , Nepal army spokesman Niranjan Shrestha said , while another five were in the neighboring Manang district . Officials say more people are missing and it is feared the toll could rise . This is already one of the deadliest such tragedies in the history of Nepal , a nation of about 26 million known worldwide for its spectacular mountain ranges , including Mount Everest . The deaths -- said to be the result of two days of unusually heavy snow caused by Cyclone Hud-hud in eastern India -- come only six months after tragedy last struck on the slopes of Mount Everest . Then , a bruising avalanche of ice swept 16 Sherpas to their deaths . After the accident , which came right before the peak season in May , many Sherpas refused to climb and at least six companies that lead Everest expeditions called off their 2014 climbs . While only the fittest sign up for a mountaineering feat like climbing Everest , trekking through the dramatic Himalayan landscape -- while challenging -- is accessible to many more . Last year , 102,000 foreigners came to Nepal to take part in trekking and mountaineering , the vast majority of them trekkers . The Annapurna region is the most popular trekking area in the country and attracts many visitors every fall , the better of the two seasons -- the other being spring -- to join organized multiday hikes . Conditions in the Himalayas can be cruel . But trekkers dying in snowstorms is almost unheard of . Bodies buried under snow The loss of lives Tuesday will affect many nations , and could dent confidence in an industry vital to Nepal 's economic well-being . Of the 12 killed in the Annapurna region , only four bodies have so far been recovered , of two Poles , an Israeli and a Nepali . Eight more remain buried under the suffocating snow . Their nationalities are not known , said Shrestha , the army spokesman . It is unclear if any more are missing , he said . The trekkers died Tuesday evening near the iconic 5,416-meter  17,770-foot  Thorung La Pass in Mustang district , the highest point of the 21-day Annapurna Circuit trek , he said . "  Those who stayed back in lodges because of poor weather survived , " he said . Two army helicopters on Wednesday rescued 38 more trekkers who were trapped in the unseasonably heavy snowfall , Shrestha said . Baburam Adhikari , the top government official in Mustang district , said 244 trekkers crossed the Thorung La Pass and came to the village of Muktinath on Monday and Tuesday . But there is no information on how many began the trek from the other side of the pass in Phedi . "  We do not know how many are missing , but there is a possibility that there are people missing , " he said . Those who died seem to have lost their way in the snow . A rescue team found a group of German tourists at midnight Tuesday , he said . Search operations will continue Thursday . About 50 kilometers  31 miles  to the west , five people -- two Slovaks and three Nepalis -- are missing after an avalanche Tuesday night at the base of Mount Dhaulagiri , the world 's seventh-highest mountain , police and a local outfitter said . Injured trekkers rescued Meanwhile , five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district Tuesday , and their bodies were found Wednesday , Manang district police official Narayan Datta Chapagain told CNN via phone . A Nepal army helicopter rescued three injured Canadians and their Nepali guide from Manang , Chapagain said , adding that he did not know about the condition of the injured . The details of the deaths of the four Canadians and one Indian are unclear , according to Chapagain , but he said they were caused by heavy snow . Nepal 's government has said it aims to welcome some 2 million visitors annually by 2020 , with tourism central to a sustainable national economy . It usually rakes in about $ 3 million from Everest climbers during the May high season . But most of the nearly 500 who had planned the ascent in 2014 abandoned their climbs , with only one Chinese woman making it to the summit . Journalist Manesh Shrestha wrote and reported from Kathmandu and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : Five people are missing after an avalanche near Mount Dhaulagiri , police say 12 trekkers died in the popular Annapurna region , near the highest point of a 21-day trek The victims include 2 Poles , an Israeli and a Nepali ; 8 more are buried under snow Five more trekkers -- four Canadians and an Indian -- died in remote Manang district
To : Interested Parties From : John King Re : Monday Memo Egyptain President Hosni Mubarak will visit the White House on Tuesday . CNN  -- Health care remains , without a doubt , President Obama 's top priority , though the week ahead will bring more of a public focus on international and security issues . One key dynamic to keep an eye on is the reaction among leading House Democrats to the latest indication the White House is prepared to accept a health care bill that lacks a robust "  public " or government insurance option . "  Not the essential element , " is how Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius described the public option to us on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . . "  Very difficult , " is how veteran House Democrat Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas told us when asked how hard of a sell a health care bill absent a robust public option would be in among House Democrats . This might be a good time for Obama and former President Clinton to swap notes about 1993-94 . Out of the box on Monday in Phoenix , Arizona , Obama addresses the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Convention . It 's a platform to share his views on the escalation of the U.S. commitment in Afghanistan just as U.S. forces begin to quicken their pace of withdrawal from Iraq . Back in Washington on Tuesday , a White House meeting with longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak will turn attention to the Middle East , where the administration and traditional Arab allies such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia are unhappy with the lack of discernible movement in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . And Thursday 's national elections in Afghanistan will keep a spotlight on the international stage and the uncertainties facing the Obama administration . It 's safe to say the White House has profound worries about President Hamid Karzai 's commitment to fight corruption and lead aggressively , but it 's also safe to say the White House expectation is another Karzai term . The market closed down at the end of last week because of doubts the worst was over . This week offers a few interesting tests : โข Earnings reports on tap from companies that offer key glimpses of consumer spending -- among them Home Depot , Lowe 's Target and Hewlett-Packard . โข The Labor Department 's Producer Price Index is released on Tuesday , along with Commerce Department figures on new housing starts . โข And the report on economic leading indicators comes Thursday morning . And , finally , a few political notes for the week ahead : โข Fred Thompson and Bill Clinton will be lighting birthday candles on Wednesday . โข Southern governors gather in Williamsburg , Virginia , with the economy and health care topping the agenda . โข Mike Huckabee 's political action committee gathers this week , through a series of house parties .	On Monday , President Obama will have chance to discuss Afghanistan at speech On Thursday , Afghanistan 's elections will keep trouble nation on forefront On Tuesday , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak will visit the White House On health care this week , watch how House Democrats react to latest moves
CNN  -- The deadly flash floods that swept through remote Arkansas valleys , killing some campers and leaving many others missing , are a grim reminder of the sudden nature of flash floods and the importance of being prepared for emergencies . Emergency preparedness is important at any time , as emergencies are more common than people may think . However , being prepared for emergency situations is even more critical when people are out in the wilderness and further away from phones or cell phone access , hospitals and emergency help . More than 40 percent of Americans plan to go hiking or camping this summer , second in popularity only to swimming as a summer activity , according to a recent Red Cross survey . However , the survey also found that less than two-thirds of Americans feel prepared to respond to a serious outdoor emergency such as broken bones , animal bites or heat stroke . Flash floods are a serious threat to summer campers and hikers , especially in narrow valleys where heavy rains can cause water to rise quickly . Media reports from Arkansas say that after more than a half foot of rain , water in the Caddo and Little Missouri rivers rose quickly overnight -- at times faster than 8 feet per hour -- inundating campgrounds in remote valleys and catching many campers asleep . The American Red Cross has a series of preparedness tips that people should follow : โข Share your travel plans with a family member , neighbor or friend โข Listen to area radio and television stations and a NOAA Weather Radio for possible flood warnings and reports of flooding in progress or other critical information from the National Weather Service . โข Be prepared to evacuate at a moment 's notice . โข When a flood or flash flood warning is issued for your area , head for higher ground and stay there . โข Stay away from floodwaters . If you come upon a flowing stream where water is above your ankles , stop , turn around and go another way -- 6 inches of swiftly moving water can sweep you off of your feet . โข If you come upon a flooded road while driving , turn around and go another way . โข If you are caught on a flooded road and waters are rising rapidly around you , get out of the car quickly and move to higher ground . Most cars can be swept away by less than 2 feet of moving water . โข Keep children out of the water , as their curiosity could cause them to get too close to fast-moving flood waters . โข Be especially cautious at night when it is harder to recognize flood danger . Download our Flood Safety checklist , visit redcross.org or contact your local Red Cross for additional information on how to prepare for emergencies and to get trained . Recognizing the importance of preparedness for people who are hiking or camping , the Red Cross this year began offering a new Wilderness and Remote First Aid course designed to teach people how to respond to an emergency in a setting where emergency help is more than one hour away -- from treating severe wounds and broken bones to dealing with animal bites , bee stings , plant poisoning and weather emergencies . The course includes recommendations for the contents of wilderness and remote area first aid kits , and offers training on what to do in emergencies that include allergic reactions , altitude sickness , sprains , fractures , burns , heat-related illness , hypothermia , lightning strikes , heart attacks , drowning , wound treatment and snakebite . With summer starting and more people getting outside , it is important that families include emergency preparedness in the summer planning . Sadly , severe weather and summer are inseparable . Preparedness is especially important for people who will be hiking or camping in remote areas . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Inga Jelescheff .	Floods are grim reminder of danger in wilderness , says Inga Jelescheff Red Cross official says people can take steps to help prepare for emergencies in remote areas Jelescheff : Camping , hiking are second most popular summer activity behind swimming
Searchlight , Nevada  CNN  -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin kicked off a Tea Party rally Saturday in Sen. Harry Reid 's hometown , encouraging disgruntled Americans to "  take back our country " while attacking what she called the "  Obama-Pelosi-Reid spending spree . " "  There 's no better place to kick off the Tea Party Express than Harry Reid 's hometown , " Palin said at the rally , dubbed "  Showdown in Searchlight , " aimed at conjuring up support for the Senate Majority Leader 's defeat in November elections . Activists -- some of whom are calling the gathering the largest retirement party in the world -- hope it will carry a strong symbolic message . Reid , the Senate majority leader , is credited with helping push through Congress the controversial health care bill that President Barack Obama signed Tuesday , as well as the "  fixes " measure that passed Thursday . "  Washington has broken faith with the people that they are to be serving , " Palin told the crowd , which numbered in the thousands . Palin said the message to government leaders was "  loud and clear . " "  The big government , the big debt , Obama-Pelosi-Reid spending spree is over . You 're fired , " she said , prompting cheers from the crowd . Are you there or at another Tea Party ? Share your video , images Palin 's speech Saturday echoed many of her recent appearances at Tea Party events as she promoted "  common sense conservative values " and decried "  elites in Washington " and big government spending . She addressed recent criticism of a post on her Facebook page that called for conservatives not to retreat in the wake of the health care vote , but "  reload . " Some critics have suggested the post encouraged violent acts against those who voted in favor of the legislation . "  Let 's clear the air right now , " she said . "  We 're not inciting violence . Do n't get sucked into the lame-stream media lies about Americans standing up for freedom . it 's a bunch of bunk that the media is trying to feed you . Do n't let them try to divert " attention from the issue . Other expected speakers included Gov. Jim Gibbons , a Republican , who told CNN 's Ed Henry the event was "  a great way to kick off a very intense political season . " In a statement to CNN , Reid said he was "  happy so many people came to see my hometown of Searchlight and spend their out-of-state money especially in these tough economic times . Ultimately , though , this election will be decided by Nevadans , not people from other states who parachute in for one day to have a tea party . " Not far from the rally site , the State Democratic party and the Reid campaign have set up a hospitality tent . "  We are serving tea and donut holes in recognition that Sen. Reid just passed health care reform , and -LSB- that -RSB- we 're closing the Medicare donut hole , " said Zac Petkanas , deputy communications director for the Reid campaign . It 's staffed , he added , "  with real Nevadans from Nevada and folks from Searchlight who support Reid . " The senator , meanwhile , is spending Saturday with the National Rifle Association 's executive vice president , Wayne LaPierre . The Reid campaign describes LaPierre as "  one of the senator 's supporters . " The two are attending the grand opening of the $ 60 million Clark County Shooting Park north of Las Vegas that , according to the Reid campaign , would n't have opened without the senator 's help . Reid is arguably the Tea Party 's top target . He carries a lot of political baggage in a year that finds much anger directed at incumbents . "  He is one of the three faces of the Democratic agenda in Washington , which right now is unpopular , " said Nevada political newsletter editor Jon Ralston . Recent polls from the Mason-Dixon organization show 33 percent of those polled have a favorable view of Reid , while 52 percent said they have an unfavorable view of the senator -- some of the worst numbers he has faced in years . "  I do n't think many voters in Nevada dislike me . I think we have an economic situation in Nevada that is very difficult , " Reid told CNN in a recent interview in Las Vegas . The state 's economy is in dire straits . It leads the nation in foreclosures , and its 13 percent unemployment rate is second only behind Michigan 's . Those vying to challenge Reid on the Republican side are pouncing . "  He has lost touch with what is going on here in Nevada , " said businesswoman and former state GOP Chairwoman Sue Lowden , who is leading the pack among the Republican hopefuls . "  It is all about jobs . His solution is to put the country more in debt -- to tax the country more -- to put our children and grandchildren at risk for years and years of being in debt , " she added . Earlier this month , Lowden told CNN she 's a proud member of the Tea Party movement . Another Republican challenger , businessman Danny Tarkanian , said Reid has "  alienated himself from the people of Nevada , and the economy is getting worse and worse and worse . " Also not helping Reid were two recent quips by Obama about not wasting money in Las Vegas . Reid , who is not facing a serious primary challenge , last year aired ads aimed at promoting what he has done to help improve the economy , as well as introducing himself to hundreds of thousands of new voters who have moved to Nevada since his last election . "  To say Harry Reid is going to run a scorched-earth campaign against whomever this nominee is ... he has a reputation for doing whatever it takes to win -- no more so than this year . And he is going to have all the money to do it , " Ralston said . For his part , Reid -- known as a tenacious fighter who has come out ahead in previous close elections -- will push the message against his opponents of how much he has done for the state . But he said he will not campaign differently than he has in the past . "  People in the state of Nevada know me , " Reid said . "  I 'm not going to be changing who I am for an election . I 'm just who I was when I started this a long time ago , and I continue to be the same person I used to be , as I am today , and will work very hard to meet the additional requirements that come with a changing economy that we have . " The Tea Party Express is scheduled to end up in Washington on April 15 -- tax day . The group 's travel plans are part of its "  Just Vote Them Out ! Tour . " Some local organizers prefer to call the Searchlight gathering a "  conservative Woodstock . " CNN 's Ed Henry , Kevin Bohn and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarah Palin addresses crowd Tea Party activists to hold rally Saturday in Harry Reid 's Nevada hometown Polls suggest Senate majority leader faces tough re-election battle Former GOP VP candidate Sarah Palin to headline "  Showdown in Searchlight " event
CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday dismissed a lawsuit challenging Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski 's write-in election victory last month , clearing the way for Murkowski to be sworn in for a second term next week . State officials have scheduled a Thursday morning ceremony to sign the election certification , according to Sharon Leighow , spokeswoman for Gov. Sean Parnell . The certification will then be flown to Washington to be delivered to the Secretary of the Senate . Shortly after the ruling , Alaska 's lieutenant governor , Mead Treadwell , announced that the director of the Alaska Division of Elections had certified Murkowski as the winner , but his office later retracted that statement . The final vote count in the election was 101,091 to 90,839 . Murkowski was defeated in the Republican primary in August by Miller , a Tea Party-backed candidate . Murkowski then waged the write-in campaign in the general election in November to defeat Miller , who filed a lawsuit challenging the result . U.S. District Judge Ralph Beistline had previously issued an injunction to block certification of the election results pending a resolution of Miller 's lawsuit . In his ruling Tuesday , Beistline said "  the injunction is lifted and the Division of Elections may certify the election results immediately . " In Alaska , Beistline 's ruling "  fully and finally resolved all claims raised by Mr. Miller and stated that they have absolutely no merit and no chance of success , " said Scott Kendall , an attorney representing the Murkowski campaign . Miller said he was "  disappointed with the federal court 's ruling , " adding that he still believes his challenge is on solid constitutional ground . "  Thus , we are evaluating the ruling and determining what our next step should be , " he said . Earlier this month , the Alaska Supreme Court ruled that the Alaska Division of Elections conducted the November 2 general election according to state law . Miller had claimed the way some votes were counted violated state law . In its ruling , the state Supreme Court affirmed an earlier Superior Court decision , saying : "  There are no remaining issues raised by Miller that prevent this election from being certified . " After the election in November , Miller filed a challenge against the Division of Elections to ensure the state law , which calls for write-in votes to match the name of the candidate , was followed . He has argued that Alaska law does not allow the counting of misspelled names on write-in ballots . However , the Division of Elections set guidelines before counting began that allowed for a voter 's intent to be considered when determining whether to count a ballot for a write-in candidate . In the original Superior Court decisions , a judge ruled that Miller did not provide proof of election official fraud , or that "  there would be a sufficient change to the election results if these claims were true . " The Associated Press called the race for Murkowski last month when she had a lead of more than 10,300 votes over Miller , a figure that included 8,159 ballots contested by Miller observers . Not including the contested ballots , Murkowski 's lead still exceeded 2,100 votes .	NEW : The vote count is to be certified at a Thursday morning ceremony NEW : Miller says he is "  evaluating the ruling and determining " the next step Sen. Murkowski won as a write-in candidate after losing the GOP primary Murkowski 's campaign says the judge 's ruling ends her opponent 's legal challenge
