Talk about good karma . Well-wishers from around the world are opening their wallets to a homeless man who returned a diamond engagement ring to its rightful owner , after she accidentally dropped it in his donation cup . "  I actually feel like I 'm especially lucky to have this ring now . I loved it before . I loved it so much , but I love it so much more now . I feel like it has such great karma , " Sarah Darling told CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien . " Darling , who is from Kansas City , Missouri , said she was devastated when she realized she 'd lost her ring . She almost never takes it off , but it was giving her a bit of a rash so she did , zipping it in her coin purse for safe keeping . Later , she absentmindedly emptied the contents of that purse into the collection cup of Billy Ray Harris , who is homeless and often stays under a bridge in Darling 's hometown . It was n't until the next day that she realized her ring was gone . "  It was horrible . It was such a feeling of loss , " Darling said . "  It meant so much to me beyond just the financial value . " She went back to look for Harris , but he was gone . She returned the next day and found him . "  I asked him ... ' I do n't know if you remember me , but I think I gave you something that 's very precious to me , ' and he says , ` Was it a ring ? Yeah , I have it , I kept it for you , ' " Darling said . She was floored . To show their appreciation , Darling and her husband set up an online fundraiser for Harris . The donations and praise have poured in . "  In life what goes around comes around ... Billy - your sweet actions , despite being in dire straits yourself , prove that there is humility in the world ... you are one shining example . Lots of love from across the pond , " wrote Chris and Mel , from Brentwood , England , on the giveforward.com site , which is collecting money . They gave $ 20 . "  I am from Singapore and I greatly am grateful for your honesty ! " wrote Ophelia Wong Zen-na , who gave $ 10 . Brian Paul also gave $ 10 . "  If I was n't jobless I would give much more , but felt compelled to do something . Billy Ray do your best to become what you 've always dreamed you could be . Its never too late . God Bless and thanks for never loosing your character in tough times , " he wrote . So far , in about a week , more than 3,400 donations have been made , totaling nearly $ 95,000 . The money will be given to Harris at the end of a 90-day campaign . In an update Saturday , Darling 's husband , Bill Krejci , called the response "  unreal . " Krejci met with Harris to tell him about the flood of donations and to get to know him better . They went together to make some repairs to Harris ' bike . "  We talked about a lot of things related to my family 's ring and the many donations . We talked about one day in the future the ring may one day be passed down to my daughter , " Krejci wrote on the website . "  We talked about how insanely positive all this has been . " Harris told Krejci that he has found a place to stay where he is "  safe and sound . " CNN affiliate KCTV caught up with Harris and asked him how he felt about all the attention he 's attracted since returning the ring . "  I like it , but I do n't think I deserve it , " he said . "  What I actually feel like is , ` what has the world come to when a person who returns something that does n't belong to him and all this happens ? ' " Harris said . But for her part , Darling said she is just grateful for what he did . Many others , she said , would have kept the ring , or sold it . "  I really just hope that my kind of flightiness in that moment leads to something really good for him , " she said .	Billy Ray Harris returns the ring after Sarah Darling accidentally drops it in his cup Darling and her husband set up a fundraiser to show their appreciation Husband said the experience has been "  unreal " The site has raised close to $ 94,000 so far
CNN  -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday , according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey . The citadel at the city of Bam , Iran in 2005 , hit by a quake in 2003 when 30,000 people died . The quake demolished nearly 200 villages in Iran 's Hormozgan Province , according to Iran 's Press TV , citing the head of the provincial disaster management headquarters , Yasser Hazbavi . At least six people were killed and 46 others were injured , Hazbavi told Press TV . People panicked and fled buildings when the temblor struck in the quake-prone region around 3:30 p.m. Iranian time  1100 GMT  , Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency reported . It also knocked out power to the region . See map of quake 's epicenter " The epicenter was located 35 miles  55 km  west-southwest of Bandar e-Abbas , Iran -- just across the narrow Strait of Hormuz from the United Arab Emirates -- according to USGS . Mehdi Rezapoor , head of the Iranian Seismological Center , said it was "  a medium-sized quake . " Speaking on Press TV , Rezapoor had no details on damage , but said that based on the quake 's strength , "  I do n't think it was very extensive . " The quake shook nearby Dubai , where CNN staff members said they felt the building they were in shake for about 15 to 20 seconds . "  From my office window at the Dubai Media City where all foreign media are located , I can see that a lot of offices have evacuated buildings , " CNN Dubai Bureau Chief Samson Desta said . "  I can see up to perhaps 200 people who have taken refuge out in the streets , causing somewhat of a traffic jam . " There was no evidence of any damage in Dubai , where there are a lot of high-rise buildings . Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and has experienced devastating earthquakes -- most notably in December 2003 when a 6.6 magnitude quake devastated the ancient city of Bam in southeast Iran , killing at least 30,000 people .	Strong quake measuring 6.1 in magnitude strikes southern Iran Epicenter located about 55 km west-southwest of Bandar e-Abbas , Iran NEW : Quake destroys nearly 200 villages , according to Iran 's Press TV NEW : Head of provincial disaster management : At least 6 dead , 46 others injured
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Halle Berry 's lawyers returned to court Tuesday to ask a Los Angeles judge to keep her child 's father away from their daughter because of a Thanksgiving Day fight with Berry 's fiance . The father , model Gabriel Aubry , claimed in a court filing Monday that the fiance , Olivier Martinez , ambushed him when he was dropping the daughter , 4-year-old Nahla , at Berry 's Hollywood Hills home . Police arrested Aubry , 37 , and charged him with misdemeanor battery , but he insisted he was not the aggressor in the fistfight , which sent him to a hospital . Berry , 46 , and Aubry have been engaged in a bitter legal fight over custody of Nahla since their five-year romance ended in 2010 . The battle heated up last year after the Oscar-winning actress announced her engagement to Martinez and asked a family court to allow her to move with the daughter to Paris . Aubry , in a sworn statement that helped him gain a temporary restraining order against Martinez on Monday , said the fight in Berry 's driveway last Thursday morning was apparently motivated by the custody battle , which Berry recently lost . Berry , who pays Aubry child support under the shared custody agreement , was told she can not move to Paris with the child unless Aubry goes there as well . In his statement , Aubry said : "  While he was attacking me physically , Mr. Martinez said to me in an aggressive and threatening voice , ` You cost us $ 3 million . When you see the judge , you 're going to tell him you 're going to Paris or I 'm going to kill you . You 're going to Paris , you 're going to get your 20 grand a month in child support . From now on you 're going to do drop-offs on the street . ' " Berry : I 'm so glad I waited to have Nahla Aubry 's lawyer attached several photos to the filing to show his blackened , swollen eyes , cut lip and bruised face . Aubry was treated at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center for a fractured rib and several bruises on his face and forehead , and he required stitches to repair three cuts in his mouth , the filing said . In the statement , Aubry said Martinez first threatened him the day before , when Berry and the two men were visiting Nahla 's school . "  Martinez , who seemed very angry and agitated , suddenly started speaking to me in French , and spouted off things such as , ' I wish I could beat the s ** t out of you right now . You 're lucky we 're in a school right now , " his statement said . The next morning , when Aubry was parked in Berry 's gated driveway to hand over his daughter to the nanny to spend Thanksgiving Day with her mother , Martinez approached him and said , "  We need to talk , " Aubry said . "  All of a sudden , Mr. Martinez jumped on me on the side of my body , and punched me such that he had taken me down to the ground , " Aubry said in the sworn statement . "  He continued to punch me at least two or three times , kicked me in the ribs with his knee or foot , and took my head in his hands and slammed it to the concrete driveway . It all happened so suddenly , I did not see Mr. Martinez 's actions coming , and thus , I was not ready for it and was not able to defend myself . " Aubry suggested that police should look at video from the three security cameras in Berry 's driveway "  before she and Mr. Martinez deleted them . " It was unclear if such video exists or if police have it . If so , it could be key evidence on December 13 when Aubry is in court to face the battery charge and on December 17 when he seeks to make permanent the temporary restraining order issued Monday banning Martinez from harassing , intimidating or contacting him . Tuesday 's hearing , in which Berry hopes to persuade a judge to order Aubry to stay away from their daughter , will be in a closed courtroom .	A judge orders Berry 's fiance to keep away from her ex , Gabriel Aubry Aubry , her daughter 's dad , faces a battery charge after a fight with Olivier Martinez Photos show Aubry 's injuries , which says happened with Martinez attacked Berry and Aubry have battled for two years over custody of young Nahla
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- "  There are the bloodstains on the wall , and here it is dried on the floor , " Abu Muhanad said as he walked through a torture chamber in a Baghdad mosque where more than two dozen bodies have been found . Two women clutch photographs of loved ones believed killed by the Mehdi Army . "  And here , a woman 's shoes . She was a victim of the militia . We found her corpse in the grave . " Chunks of hair waft lazily across the floor in the hot Baghdad breeze . "  This was the torture room , " said Muhanad , the leader of a U.S.-backed armed group that now controls the mosque . "  This is what they used for hanging , " he said , pointing to a cord dangling from the ceiling . "  Here is a chain we found tied to an old man 's body . " Go inside the mosque 's torture chamber " The horrific scene at this southwestern Baghdad mosque is what officials say was the work of a Shiite militia known as the Mehdi Army . Residents who live near the mosque say they could hear the victims ' screams . The militia had been in control of the mosque , called Adib al-Jumaili , from at least January 2007 until May of this year . Residents say coalition forces were n't in the region and the torture and killings went unchecked . Some of the victims were accused of being spies for U.S. forces . Other family members do n't know why their loved ones disappeared . The family members at the mosque who spoke to CNN were all Shiite , the same branch of Islam as the Mehdi militia . But , they say , some of the victims were Sunni as well . Watch mosque atrocities uncovered " The neighborhood lies in an area that became one of the capital 's many sectarian fault lines when violence was at its worst . It 's been about three months since the Mehdi Army , loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr , abandoned this mosque as it withdrew from several strongholds across the country . Spray painted on the walls is a chilling warning : "  Spies , you will dig your own graves . Long live the Mehdi Army . " Now the mosque is under the watch of the Sons of Iraq , a local armed group that is largely financed by the Americans working alongside the Iraqi police . They are charged with trying to keep the peace in the neighborhood . Muhanad is their leader . "  We found this chain on an old man 's corpse that we dug out of the grave , " he said , gesturing to a bloodied chain on the floor . "  We recovered about 22 corpses and then another five . " Only now are people able to understand the true magnitude of the Shiite militia 's atrocities and the brutal laws they were enforcing on the people . "  This was my son 's grave , " Abu Wissam said , pointing to one of the many shallow holes in the mosque 's garden . "  We recovered his corpse completely rotten . His hands and legs were amputated , and his head was decapitated . " "  He was just a college graduate , " his mother sobbed , clutching her 25-year-old son 's photo . They say the Mehdi Army abducted their son about a year ago , accusing him of being a traitor . They shot up and looted his home . The family fled . A gruesome video of their son 's mutilated body was delivered to their doorstep . The militia "  still raid our homes , " Abu Wissam said . "  Their families are in the district . The day before yesterday , at noon , they tried to assassinate me , but I was able to call the police for help . " The neighborhood is eerily deserted . Most of the residents fled the militia 's reign ; many who stayed bore the brunt of the violence . Homes stand abandoned , shops shuttered , buildings shot up . A single car drives down the main street as a pack of dogs runs through the twisted piles of metal that was once an outdoor market . Lingering at the mosque are a handful of residents whose loved ones were also abducted , looking for clues . "  They said they were just taking him for a few minutes , for an investigation , " said Karima , who only wanted to be identified by her first name , as her eyes filled with tears . "  But they never released him and we heard he might be buried behind the mosque . " Umm Diab 's breath came in shallow gasps as tears flowed from her turquoise-green eyes . She wiped them away using the corner of her abaya , or robe . In her hand , there 's a passport photo of her father , who was abducted by the militia . "  All we want are their dead bodies , " she said . Although the Mehdi Army has moved out of this mosque and is less visible on the street , residents know that they 're not gone . "  They 're still threatening us , " Umm Diab said .	Iraqi authorities discover 27 bodies at mosque and find torture room "  Here is a chain we found tied to an old man 's body , " official says Dad of 25-year-old : "  His hands , legs were amputated and his head was decapitated " Residents say militia has left mosque , but still intimidates them
CNN  -- Yousef is two years old and lives in a refugee camp in Iraq . Her mother tells comedian and UNICEF ambassador Eddie Izzard that she wants to return to her country , but will not jeopardize her children 's safety . With every day that passes in their life as a refugee , she fears that they are losing another day of their childhood . Yousef  not his real name  is two years old and lives in a shack that once sheltered animals . He arrived in Northern Iraq from Syria a few months ago . In Syria he lived in a nice home , in a nice area - full of middle-class comforts . But planes began to whirr through the skies and bombs began to fall in his region . The power supply diminished and the police disappeared . And , one day , a group of men came to the house and threatened his young sister . His mother said enough . So , Yousef was bundled up , packed into a car and set off to the border , where his mother carried him and his sister across to Iraq . Syria 's forgotten refugees The family lost everything in Syria -- their house , their roots , and most of their loved ones . They followed in the footsteps of the only relatives who had already fled and moved into a large settlement of improvised homes , not far from Domiz refugee camp near Dohuk . An uncle had found the shell of a shelter for sheep and goats . They built up walls and covered holes with tarpaulin . Sixteen people moved in . There are now three rooms , with a family sleeping in each . I traveled to Northern Iraq with UNICEF to report on the growing catastrophe facing Syrian children . I was surprised to find that three quarters of refugees are in Yousef 's situation and do not live in formalized camps . Instead , refugees cram into overcrowded , rented flats ; shacks they have built from scratch , or converted dwellings . Others squeeze in with family members . Refugees find a home where they can . There is not enough space in camps for everyone . Domiz refugee camp alone was designed for 15,000 people and is already home to 45,000 . There are 160,000 refugees in Iraq and the number is anticipated to more than double by the end of the year to 350,000 . Towns , cities and wasteland soak up the overspill . The needs in these communities are dire . One young refugee girl I was told about had been out of school for two years and had forgotten how to read . Keeping children safe from harm and abuse is also problematic in fractured and ad hoc settlements . And -- perhaps most crucially as the temperatures hit 45 degrees - there is not enough clean water or sanitation facilities for everyone . With cholera epidemics most common in September , the threat of disease looms large in people 's minds . UNICEF , along with the Kurdistan Regional Government and other humanitarian organizations , is doing everything it can to get aid to children and their families who need it -- safe drinking water , adequate sanitation , specialist psychological support , education and health services . A dedicated plan to cater to the needs of urban refugees in northern Iraq is currently being drawn up with partners including UNHCR . But numbers are huge and expanding -- and there are not enough resources to go round and not enough funds to scale up existing programs . UNICEF has only a third of the money it needs for the year in order to deliver vital aid . At the moment , the agency simply can not help everyone it wants to . Yousef 's mother does not know how long they will have to stay in Iraq . She wants to return to her country , but will not jeopardize her children 's safety . She fears her son and daughter will forget Syria and they are growing up without the education , basic services and protection they deserve . With every day that passes in their life as a refugee , she fears that they are losing another day of their childhood . Syrian refugees plead with U.S. secretary of state in Jordan The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eddie Izzard .	Two-year-old Yousef fled to Northern Iraq from Syria with his mother and sister for their safety They moved into a large settlement of improvised homes , near Dohuk Eddie Izzard says three quarters of refugees do not live in formalized camps "  The needs in these communities are dire , " writes Izzard
CNN  -- Eurozone finance ministers sealed a deal Tuesday morning for a second bailout for Greece , including $ 130 billion  $ 173 billion  in new financing . The finance ministers from the 17 nations that use the euro , known as the Eurogroup , gave Greece the funding it needs to avoid a potential default next month . While this new deal provides some short-term relief for Greece , difficult days lie ahead as the government tries to trim debt to 121 % of the country 's gross domestic product by 2020 . Greece 's debt now stands at about 160 % of GDP . The announcement came at an early morning press conference in Brussels after finance ministers met for more than 13 hours . "  In the past two years and again this night , I 've learned that ` marathon ' is indeed a Greek word , " said Olli Rehn , vice president of the European Commission . "  But in the end we came to an agreement  that is  very far-reaching and important . " "  It 's clear that the Greek economy can not rely anymore on a large public administration financed by cheap debt , but rather needs to lean on investment both Greek and foreign , " Rehn said . "  This should give Greece enough space to improve its competitiveness , " added Christine Lagarde , managing director of the International Monetary Fund , saying that the goal of the terms of the new bailout is to create growth for the Greek economy . "  There are downside risks , that is clear . " Greece is in its fifth year of recession , and the government reported last week that Greece 's GDP , the broadest measure of a nation 's economic output , fell 6.8 % last year . That 's much worse than the 6 % contraction the government originally predicted . Fourth-quarter GDP also continued to decline , shrinking 7 % , compared with a 5 % decrease in the third quarter . This new program will give "  financial stability in Greece and in the euro area as a whole , " the Eurogroup said in a statement announcing the deal . "  The Eurogroup is fully aware of the significant efforts already made by the Greek citizens but also underlines that further major efforts by the Greek society are needed to return the economy to a sustainable growth path . " An austerity pact was approved by the Greek parliament on February 12 , leading to some of the worst riots in the country in recent years . The package , which included deep cuts in government spending , wages and pensions , helped pave the way for eurozone finance ministers to sign off on Tuesday 's new bailout deal . Tuesday 's bailout deal "  certainly removes some near-term risk , " said Frederick Neumann , senior economist for HSBC in Hong Kong . "  I think it 's clear that questions will emerge whether Greece can stomach these cuts . " Greek voters are scheduled to head to the polls for parliamentary elections in April , a vote that will widely be viewed as a referendum on the tough austerity measures the nation faces . Greece has also hammered out a plan to write down $ 100 billion worth of Greek government bonds and swap existing debt for securities with lower interest rates , a deal that would result in losses of 53.5 % of nominal value for the private sector . The euro raised a half percent against the dollar to 1.327 within minutes of the announcement , but otherwise market reaction was muted during Asia trading hours , suggesting investors have already priced in the bailout deal , analysts said . "  There are details to be worked out . Big work is done now , I think that will provide relief to financial markets , " Neumann said . "  But it 's difficult to see this turning around the Greek economy anytime soon . " While the Greek economy is small compared to other eurozone countries -- "  about the size of Connecticut compared to the rest of the United States , " Neumann said -- the real threat is keeping the debt crisis and borrowing costs from spiraling to larger economies in the eurozone . A default by Greece could spark "  a Lehman-like event , " he said , referring to the collapse of the investment bank that catalyzed the 2008 financial crisis . "  I think we understand these issues much better than we did three years ago , " Neumann said . "  Kicking these issues down the road has been useful to some extent " because a default would be less likely to take the markets by surprise , he added . "  The next hurdle is to create a firewall to put up sufficient money to know that Ireland and Portugal wo n't be next , " Neumann said . "  This today is really short-term relief , but we 'll probably be looking at these issues  at  some point . " There has been some speculation that Greece might exit the eurozone , but Eurogroup president Jean-Claude Juncker stressed ahead of Monday 's meeting that Greece should remain a member of the euro currency union . "  It is the intention of nobody to have Greece outside of the eurozone , " he said . "  That would be a bad solution for Greece and ... a bad solution for the euro area . " The Greece deal is not the final step toward stabilizing eurozone debt woes . Pressure remains on both the IMF and the European Central Bank to provide more support measures , analysts said . "  From our perspective , clearly you need to have more firepower on the table , " said economist Leif Eskesen at HSBC . "  Investors are waiting to see if the European Central Bank will make more direct steps in the sovereign bond market , buying up debt from countries considered vulnerable like Spain and Italy . " CNN 's Ramy Inocencio , Pamela Boykoff and Emily Reuben and CNNMoney 's Maureen Farrell and Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	Economist : "  It 's difficult to see this turning around the Greek economy anytime soon " Greece is trying to cut debt to 121 % of GDP , down from 160 % Greece approved an austerity pact this month , leading to riots
CNN  -- Winamac , Indiana , is pretty much how it sounds . Small -- home to fewer than 2,500 people -- rural , and it has more churches than libraries , schools and liquor stores . About 20 minutes north is a similar town by the name of Knox . This is where Thomas Lee Bridegroom was born . And just on the edge of Winamac -- between West Main and West Adams -- is a small cemetery by the name of Crown Hill . This is where he is buried . He tripped and fell off of a roof while working . He was 29 years old . In my 20-plus years as a journalist , I 've written a lot about death . Thankfully , it has n't gotten easier . The stories still touch me , although some more than others . Bridegroom 's passing would be one of those . "  It was n't easy going back there because it was the most difficult time in my life , " Shane Britney Crone , Bridegroom 's partner , told me on the phone . "  But it helped me draw out the positives of who I am . Finally , for once , I am not afraid to stand up for what I believe in and I 'm proud , not ashamed , of being gay . "  Hearing from people , thanking me for sharing our story , thanking me for reminding them how important marriage equality is ... it makes me feel like I 've done the right thing by making the film . " The film he 's referring to is aptly called "  Bridegroom " and it chronicles the couple 's relationship as well as the legal fallout stemming from their inability to get married . Fallout such as the hospital not giving Crone any details regarding the cause of death . And being barred from the funeral . "  They told me that if I showed up Tom 's father and uncle planned to attack me and knowing how his dad reacted when  Tom  came out , I had real concern for my safety , " Crone said . How did Tom 's father react ? Well , according to Crone , he pointed a shotgun at his son before beating him up -- one of the more jaunting details revealed in the documentary . Bridegroom 's parents have yet to publicly comment on the film and declined to participate in its making . "  A year later , I snuck into town by myself , " Crone said . "  I knew it was going to be very difficult and I just wanted to be alone and feel whatever it is I had to feel without someone else being there . I spent an hour there , crying , talking to Tom ... the hardest part was driving away ... in that moment it finally hit me that he was gone ... that all of this was real . " When I spoke with Crone , he mentioned he was nervous about sounding stupid in the interview . Little did he know it was I who was fighting back tears with each detail of their story that he shared . In the end , the only thing that sounded stupid was the notion that the love he and Bridegroom shared was inferior to anyone else 's . "  Sadly , what happened to Shane after Tom 's tragic death is not uncommon for couples without the protections that marriage equality brings to their relationships , " said Brian Silva , Executive Director of Marriage Equality USA . "  It is unconscionable that anyone already suffering the loss of someone they love , should be forced to go through this horror . This is just one reason why this fight must continue until every LGBT couple can live in safety and equality . " A fight in which New Jersey 's Republican governor , Chris Christie , finally admitted defeat . A fight Michigan 's Republican governor , Rick Snyder , tries hard to avoid talking about , even as marriage equality heads to his state 's court . A fight that even spilled into the supposed gay - friendly streets of Springfield , Ill where Democrats -- not Republicans -- are in power and yet afraid to vote on a bill that would legalize same-sex marriages . I joined the thousands who recently came to the state capital to offer encouragement/pressure via a rally and march . All of which reminds us that homophobia and cowardice are not exclusive to a particular party . Bridegroom and Crone , who grew up in a town in Montana similar to Winamac and Knox , met at a bowling alley in L.A. back in 2005 . At the time , they were both closeted though they would later learn that their meeting was not by chance -- a mutual friend set it up . What no one could predict was how quickly they would fall in love or how that love prompted them to come out to their families a short time later . Crone 's embraced him when he told them . Bridegroom 's clearly had the opposite reaction . "  He was so heartbroken about the whole thing because he always wanted me to see where he grew up , " Crone said . Despite this , the two would go on to buy a home together , start a business , build a life . One day in May 2011 , Bridegroom -- a budding photographer -- was on the roof of a friend 's building taking photos when he tripped and fell several floors down . On the one-year anniversary of his death , Crone uploaded a tribute to Bridegroom on YouTube , detailing their story . Crone 's tribute went viral , capturing the attention of Linda Bloodworth-Thomason , creator of "  Designing Women . " She convinced him to turn the clip -- and his pain -- into a documentary . He agreed , and it debuted at Tribeca on April 23 , one day after what would have been Bridegroom 's 31st birthday . George Takei , who helped Crone produce the YouTube tribute , was in attendance . As was President Bill Clinton who introduced the film , saying , "  It 's a story about our nation 's struggle to make one more step in forming a more perfect union , for which marriage is both the symbol and substance . " It was a bittersweet moment for Crone , who moved to L.A. hoping to work in the entertainment industry . Equally as bittersweet was being in Washington when Proposition 8 -- the law that prevented Crone and Bridegroom from marrying in California -- was overturned this summer . "  I was outside the Supreme Court and it was a very emotional moment for me , " he said . "  It was wonderful because I knew my friends could finally get married . But I was also sad because I knew that Tom and I could finally get married now ... if he were here . " Months before Bridegroom 's passing , he had given Crone a ring . If you 're one of those individuals still undecided on the whole same-sex marriage issue -- like some state legislators in Illinois I know -- I encourage you to watch the film . It 's available starting Sunday , October 27 , on Netflix and it will air that day on Oprah Winfrey 's OWN . It puts a face , and heart , on a conversation that far too often gets muddied by politics and irrational fear . Two things that have nothing to do with love . "  I have n't dated anyone since Tom passed away , " Crone said . "  It 's not that I 'm against the idea of it , it 's just right now I 'm still focused on the film and the story and just trying to heal . "  If there 's any good that can come out of this , it 's by using our story to educate people . ... Maybe in some ways this was all meant to be . ... I used to think Tom just had a weird last name but now ... " But now I will never see the word "  bridegroom " in the same light again . And hopefully , neither will you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Thomas Bridegroom died in a fall , leaving his partner bereft He says Shane Crone was kept from attending the funeral in state without gay marriage Granderson says attitudes need to change in state legislatures to enable change He says homophobia and cowardice keep states from enacting marriage equality
CNN  -- If masculinity could take the form of a 2-inch frosted cupcake , David Arrick would have the recipe . His New York cupcake company , Butch Bakery , is an anomaly in a world seemingly dominated by all things dainty and cute . Arrick refuses to serve the "  frilly , pink-frosted , sprinkles-and-unicorns " variety . Instead , customers can proclaim their machismo with cakes made with beer , whiskey , bacon and crushed pretzels . "  It was born out of necessity and a love of buttercream , " Arrick said of his 9-month-old business . Each Butch cupcake sits under a generous layer of frosting and a chocolate disc with a camouflage , wood grain , plaid , houndstooth or other "  manly " pattern . Like a mixed-martial arts fight , Arrick 's cupcakes can pack a serious punch . Six of his 12 varieties feature alcohol -- and customers feel the hit . "  The ones with alcohol are actually pretty potent , " said David Barrineau , who ordered Butch cupcakes as a joke for the men and women in his advertising agency . "  The first one I tried ... it had wood grain on it . It definitely had whiskey in it , " Barrineau said . "  I think we all got a buzz from these -- it was pretty strong ! " But can whiskey-infused cupcakes disguised in camo really transform cupcakes into macho fare ? "  I think if you try them , you would n't have to ask , " Barrineau said . Arrick said he does n't think the average man would necessarily turn down a pastel , ladylike cupcake . "  Men like to eat , " he said . "  I 'm not saying I 'm not going to go for a cupcake with a peony on it . " But , if given the option , "  a guy is going to go for the one that has camo or plaid on it . " The flour-and-frosting world seems a far cry from Wall Street , home to a major law firm where Arrick worked as an asset-backed securities attorney . But like many in 2007 and 2008 , Arrick 's career caved unexpectedly . "  I was laid off . I did n't know what I was going to do , " he said . "  I 'm 40 years old , I have student loans out the wazoo . What am I going to do ? " As Arrick looked around the streets of New York and mulled his options , he marveled how the city 's vast array of bakeries and cupcake shops kept growing and making money during a recession . But all the cupcakes seemed too cookie-cutter . "  There 's been a vacancy in the market with marketing toward men , " he noticed . That 's when the epiphany hit . Arrick liquidated his 401  k  and gambled $ 25,000 on the macho bakery of his dreams . Butch Bakery went from selling 40 cupcakes a week to 400 cupcakes a week -- all without a storefront . The bakery operates out of a commercial kitchen shared with other businesses and sells its manly confections online . While most cupcakes are , stereotypically , feminine or frilly , Arrick is keenly aware that he himself is playing on stereotypes with his use of bacon , beer and in-your-face manly advertising . "  It 's so tongue-in-cheek , " Arrick said . Ironically , 95 percent of Butch Bakery 's customers are women . Arrick said many are searching for creative gifts after exhausting cliche ideas such as neckties . Arrick has received order requests from around the world , including from troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . Kathryn Donaldson tried to place an order for her husband , who is stationed in South Korea . Donaldson said the Butch baked goods would be the perfect pick-me-up for soldiers overseas . "  The stuff we send them , it means a lot to them , " Donaldson said . "  We can send them care packages and everything , but something like that is so much more special because it 's so unique . We ca n't do the flavorings like rum and coke . We ca n't figure out how to make them taste like rum and coke . " Butch Bakery delivers to Manhattan , Queens and Brooklyn , but does not ship out-of-state . Arrick said his growth is limited by storage and oven space , but he hopes to start shipping orders outside New York by the end of this year . Arrick does n't have a target date for setting up a storefront . But Barrineau , a loyal fan of the "  Tailgate " cupcake , says he can already forecast the entrepreneur 's future : "  I think he would see a line of big , hairy men waiting in line for cupcakes . "	Butch Bakery features flavors such as mojito , beer run and jackhammer Founder David Arrick was an attorney for a Wall Street law firm before he was laid off Most of Butch 's customers are women
CNN  -- It took about 110 years and some delicate surgery on his most private parts , but Henry -- a lizard-like creature from New Zealand -- is now a dad . Henry , the oldest tuatara to mate at Southland Museum , enjoys a cold shower in his home in New Zealand . Henry , a tuatara who , as far as curators at Southland Museum in New Zealand know , had never mated before , hooked up with Mildred , a younger woman of about 80 , in March . In July she laid 11 healthy eggs and , this week , all 11 of them hatched -- the last one on Wednesday . "  Eleven out of eleven , " curator Lindsay Hazley said Friday morning . "  Bloody brilliant . We had a champagne breakfast to celebrate . " Henry was the oldest tuatara ever to mate at the museum , on New Zealand 's South Island , Hazley said . Tuataras are the only living descendants of an order , related to dinosaurs , that flourished 200 million years ago . They 're endangered , only living on a handful of islands in New Zealand , which makes Henry 's happy news all the more important to supporters of the species . But it did n't come easy . Until about six years ago , Henry was a nasty , irritable fellow who showed no interest in mating and would attack females when they were introduced . Hazley , who has been breeding tuataras for the past 35 years , eventually had to put him in "  solitary confinement . " But in 2002 , veterinarians discovered that a lump in Henry 's nether regions was a cancerous tumor . They removed it and , over the next few years , his mood -- and interest in the ladies -- improved . Now , Henry lives peacefully with Mildred and two other females . Breeders are hoping he 'll show interest in Lucy , who is about the same age as Mildred , later this year . Female tuataras only lay eggs every two or three years , so Mildred likely wo n't be interested . Watch a curator take care of the reproducing dinosaur kin " Henry 's newfound libido does have some limits , however . Hazley said Juliet , a youthful 22 year old , appears to be too hot to handle for the centenarian -- who could live to be 200 years old if he stays healthy . "  I think he 's a bit shy to mate with such a young woman , " Hazley said . "  After a bit of experience with Mildred and Lucy , maybe he 'll be interested in Juliet next year . " Maxing out at about two-and-a-half feet long , tuataras are much smaller than their ancestors . The word "  tuatara " is derived from a Maori word meaning "  spiny back . " In Maori legend , they are messengers of Whiro , the god of death and disaster , and they were featured on one side of a New Zealand five-cent coin that was phased out in 2006 . It 's been a baby boom at Southland Museum lately . Hazley said another 10 babies were born to another couple recently -- swelling the ranks of the 50 or so tuataras that were already there . Friday morning , Hazley was working to install a camera so Henry 's international fan base can watch him and other tuataras on the Internet . But they should n't expect any images of the proud dad playing with his batch of hatchlings . "  If it 's small and it moves , it 's food , " Hazley said . "  He 'd have them for lunch . "	110-year-old endangered male tuatara dinosaur descendant produces offspring Henry and his near 80-year-old mate Mildred produced 11 eggs -- all hatched Henry , disinterested in sex for four decades , lashed out at females But his reptile dysfunction changed when a cancerous lump was removed
CNN  -- To help keep the peace with her in-laws during holidays , Julia Smith adopted a rule several years ago about talking politics : Do n't do it , and do n't take the bait if anyone starts in . Her relationship with her father-in-law in particular had always been fraught with tension , said Smith , who asked that her name be changed to preserve family relations . She was the "  screaming liberal from New York " who 'd corrupted his Texas-bred son into moving to "  Taxachusetts " and voting Democrat . As far as she was concerned , he was a good ol' boy who did n't like to talk politics as much as preach his views . Her resolve was put to the test three years ago at Thanksgiving dinner , right after Barack Obama was elected president . She was picking at her turkey when , she says , her father-in-law suggested an act of violence toward Obama . She attempted to keep cool by gathering her children and leaving the table . But then he repeated it at dessert . "  I finally said to him , ` you ca n't use that language in front my children . ' Then he told me , ` you ca n't tell me what I can say in my home . ' That led to a tirade with all kinds of four-letter words and him storming out , " she said . "  Before this , I just tried to ignore him , change the topic or walk away . But this comment ... it could n't be ignored , " she said . Unfortunately , things have n't been the same since , she says . They have n't spoken in more than two years , and he refuses to visit her family , though her mother-in-law visits regularly . Smith 's case represents an extreme example of a Thanksgiving horror story , but most of us have one . The holidays tend to bring out the best and worst in people , especially among those we love . But as election season heats up , politics becomes an increasingly common topic around the dinner table ... as if we needed more stress when visiting family . "  Politics is dangerous because people identify so closely with their beliefs . For my father-in-law , it was n't just who he would vote for but a part of who he was , and if you disagreed with his political beliefs , it was like it was a rejection of him , " Smith said . "  For some people , political beliefs become too much a part of their personality , who they are , and they ca n't separate them from a person . That 's where we ran into trouble , because I truly wanted to get along with this man , even though I did n't agree with him on most fronts . I still wanted to have a loving relationship for the sake of our family . " Politics may not be an easy topic for families with diverging viewpoints , but that does n't mean it 's off-limits , said etiquette expert Anna Post of the Emily Post Institute . In fact , people do n't need to agree as long as they 're capable of respectful back-and-forth , as opposed to testy debate . "  When people are willing to listen , which means not dominating the conversation and allowing yourself to be open to another idea , it can work , " she said . "  You may already know what the other person 's going to say , but letting their voice say it is where respect comes in . " Avoiding anger in your tone is another way to keep things healthy and family-functional , she said . "  It 's about respect , not making judgments and not using words that carry judgments . Given what a big deal the political conversation is , I think it 's one worth making an effort over . " With some , a respectful conversation just is n't in the cards , and we usually know who those people are , Post said . Identify the people who are your triggers , and be proactive in your conversation choices : Set the agenda and the tone , and do n't let it be politics if you already know that a lively conversation wo n't come out of it . Another key consideration is what you hope to achieve by engaging in such a discussion . Are you there to change their mind or talk about what 's going on in the news ? If it 's the former , you 're probably barking up the wrong tree , and you may damage the relationship in the meantime , she said . It goes both ways , of course . If it becomes clear that someone is not just listening but trying to convert you , have some exit phrases on hand to end the conversation or lead it elsewhere , she said . Something like "  we 'll have to agree to disagree " or "  I 'll consider what you said " are good ways to get someone to let go and move on , Post said . If the conversation proceeds , choosing your words wisely could mean the difference between a lively back-and-forth and an uncomfortable standoff , she said . "  Do n't assume other people believe what you believe . People will casually mention something about a candidate or a position or a piece of news and mention it in a way that clearly states a position and assumes everyone agrees with it . That can be deeply uncomfortable and , depending on the position , leave someone stifled in a conversation , " Post said . In other words , leave the punditry to the pundits and focus on positions you can defend with facts instead of catchphrases . "  In your own language with politics , cleansing it of idioms can make it more about facts and not opinions , " she said . "  The goal is to avoid polarizing language . For example , ask someone what they think about health care rather than ` Obamacare . ' Talk about the facts you know as opposed to ' I ca n't believe those guys are always pulling that stuff . ' It makes a big difference . " Not everyone goes by the same facts in the digital age , so even assuming that your facts are the ones everybody agrees on can land you in risky territory , said Jodi R.R. Smith , author of "  From Clueless to Class Act : Manners for the Modern Woman . " As much as you can prepare for the ones you love , a few variables inevitably pop up , such as the new significant other , the exchange student or the friend without a place to go . "  If someone brings home a new love interest , I 'm going to hold back a little bit and say , ` what do you think of the debates so far ? ' so I will be able to gauge the new person 's political leanings , " she said . "  If we agree , that 's great . I can launch into personal philosophies . If we do n't agree , I will ask a couple of innocuous follow-up questions to see if this is someone who can have civilized political discourse . Maybe they can educate me , and it wo n't sway my vote , but it will make me a more well-rounded human being . If person gets red in the face and voice starts to rise , I will say , ` that 's interesting . So , have you seen this new film ? ' " If you 're the one hosting dinner , lay down some ground rules and let guests know what to expect , especially those who are easily agitated by opposing viewpoints , Smith said . Tell your liberal parents that you 're inviting friends from the young Republicans campus group . You might also consider sitting them on the same side of the table so they ca n't make eye contact , she said . Setting ground rules for all guests is a new part of Smith 's routine ever since that fateful Thanksgiving dinner three years ago . Politics are off-limits as a topic of discussion , especially if alcohol is being served . She wishes it did n't have to be this way ; she also wishes that she had a better relationship with her father-in-law , she said . "  Hopefully , sharing my story will let others know they 're not alone . I also hope it makes people think about what they say and how they say it , especially when it comes to politics . "	It 's possible to talk politics with family over turkey in a respectful conversation , experts say Anna Post : Avoid polarizing language ; focus on positions you can defend with facts Know your limit , and devise an exit strategy if conversation takes turn for worst , Post says Keep in mind that not everyone agrees on same set of facts , expert says
Ajdabiya , Libya  CNN  -- Outside the Libyan city of Ajdabiya , tents have sprouted in the rolling desert , where the sands blow and farmers grow figs and grapes . In the city , a fierce fight rages for control between the Libyan opposition and forces loyal to strongman Moammar Gadhafi , whose tanks lob shells to push their foes back . At night , coalition planes roar overhead , pounding Gadhafi 's positions . Early Friday , British jets pounded Libyan armored vehicles . But they have not been able to stop the battle on the ground , and residents are escaping to safer ground . "  I could n't even begin to describe to you the horror that I have seen , " one man said . "  Leaving Ajdabiya , we saw dead bodies in the street . No one would ever dare go to recover them . " He fled his hometown with his six children this week . One of his sons , maybe about 10 , cradles his head as his father talks . He cries quietly . Other children gather around . When an oil tanker barrels down the road , they freeze and then scatter in fear . The people here have nothing : no change of clothes , not even water . They sleep on thin sheets of plastic and think they will keep themselves warm at night with firewood in a tin box that is only 1 foot in diameter . They keep hoping that when the next morning comes , they will be able to trek back through the barren land to their homes . But every morning brings more of the same . Two trucks arrive from Benghazi to the north . They bring rice , sugar , powdered milk for babies . The people say the aid materialized from the goodwill of their compatriots in Benghazi . Relief , however little . As the Libyan war goes on , humanitarian agencies report increasing numbers of Libyans displaced from their homes . The International Medical Corps estimates that 20,000 people have taken refuge in a small town east of Ajdabiya . The Libyan Red Crescent says another 5,000 are displaced in the coastal town of Derna . The United Nations refugee agency says it has sent two medical convoys to Benghazi and also shipments of blankets , sleeping mats and other basic items . But delivering aid is an issue . The agency does not have access to places other than Benghazi , the nation 's second-largest city that is in the hands of the opposition . Reports like these are not uncommon in war . For its victims , life 's only focus becomes survival . One man says Gadhafi 's tanks roared down Ajdabiya 's streets , firing into houses . What choice did they have but to flee ? He says the troops were searching house to house . They took away five young men from his neighbor 's place . He does n't know what happened to them or whether he will ever see them again . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Tents have sprouted in the rolling desert People fleeing Ajdabiya have nothing with them The situation is dire for Libya 's war displaced
Editor 's note : Joseph E. Stiglitz , professor at Columbia University , was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2001 for his work on the economics of information . Stiglitz was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton administration before joining the World Bank as chief economist . Economist Joseph E. Stiglitz says the strategy followed by the architects of the bank bailout was flawed . CNN  -- America 's recession is moving into its second year , with the situation only worsening . The hope that President Obama will be able to get us out of the mess is tempered by the reality that throwing hundreds of billions of dollars at the banks has failed to restore them to health , or even to resuscitate the flow of lending . Every day brings further evidence that the losses are greater than had been expected and more and more money will be required . The question is at last being raised : Perhaps the entire strategy is flawed ? Perhaps what is needed is a fundamental rethinking . The Paulson-Bernanke-Geithner strategy was based on the realization that maintaining the flow of credit was essential for the economy . But it was also based on a failure to grasp some of the fundamental changes in our financial sector since the Great Depression , and even in the last two decades . For a while , there was hope that simply lowering interest rates enough , flooding the economy with money , would suffice ; but three quarters of a century ago , Keynes explained why , in a downturn such as this , monetary policy is likely to be ineffective . It is like pushing on a string . Then there was the hope that if the government stood ready to help the banks with enough money -- and enough was a lot -- confidence would be restored , and with the restoration of confidence , asset prices would increase and lending would be restored . Remarkably , Bush administration Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and company simply did n't understand that the banks had made bad loans and engaged in reckless gambling . There had been a bubble , and the bubble had broken . No amount of talking would change these realities . It soon became clear that just saying that we were ready to spend the money would not suffice . We actually had to get it into the banks . The question was how . At first , the architects of the bailout argued  with complete and utter confidence  that the best way to do this was buying the toxic assets  those in the financial market did n't like the pejorative term , so they used the term "  troubled assets "  -- the assets that no one in the private sector would touch with a 10-foot pole . It should have been obvious that this could not be done in a quick way ; it took a few weeks for this crushing reality to dawn on them . Besides , there was a fundamental problem : how to value the assets . And if we valued them correctly , it was clear that there would still be a big hole in banks ' balance sheets , impeding their ability to lend . Then came the idea of equity injection , without strings , so that as we poured money into the banks , they poured out money , to their executives in the form of bonuses , to their shareholders in the form of dividends . Some of what they had left over they used to buy other banks -- to pursue strategic goals for which they could not have found private finance . The last thing in their mind was to restart lending . The underlying problem is simple : Even in the heyday of finance , there was a huge gap between private rewards and social returns . The bank managers have taken home huge paychecks , even though , over the past five years , the net profits of many of the banks have  in total  been negative . And the social returns have even been less -- the financial sector is supposed to allocate capital and manage risk , and it did neither well . Our economy is paying the price for these failures -- to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars . But this ever-present problem has now grown worse . In effect , the American taxpayers are the major provider of finance to the banks . In some cases , the value of our equity injection , guarantees , and other forms of assistance dwarf the value of the "  private " sector 's equity contribution ; yet we have no voice in how the banks are run . This helps us understand the reason why banks have not started to lend again . Put yourself in the position of a bank manager , trying to get through this mess . At this juncture , in spite of the massive government cash injections , he sees his equity dwindling . The banks -- who prided themselves on being risk managers -- finally , and a little too late -- seem to have recognized the risk that they have taken on in the past five years . Leverage , or borrowing , gives big returns when things are going well , but when things turn sour , it is a recipe for disaster . It was not unusual for investment banks to "  leverage " themselves by borrowing amounts equal to 25 or 30 times their equity . At "  just " 25 to 1 leverage , a 4 percent fall in the price of assets wipes out a bank 's net worth -- and we have seen far more precipitous falls in asset prices . Putting another $ 20 billion in a bank with $ 2 trillion of assets will be wiped out with just a 1 percent fall in asset prices . What 's the point ? It seems that some of our government officials have finally gotten around to doing some of this elementary arithmetic . So they have come up with another strategy : We 'll "  insure " the banks , i.e. , take the downside risk off of them . The problem is similar to that confronting the original "  cash for trash " initiative : How do we determine the right price for the insurance ? And almost surely , if we charge the right price , these institutions are bankrupt . They will need massive equity injections and insurance . There is a slight variant version of this , much like the original Paulson proposal : Buy the bad assets , but this time , not on a one by one basis , but in large bundles . Again , the problem is -- how do we value the bundles of toxic waste we take off the banks ? The suspicion is that the banks have a simple answer : Do n't worry about the details . Just give us a big wad of cash . This variant adds another twist of the kind of financial alchemy that got the country into the mess . Somehow , there is a notion that by moving the assets around , putting the bad assets in an aggregator bank run by the government , things will get better . Is the rationale that the government is better at disposing of garbage , while the private sector is better at making loans ? The record of our financial system in assessing credit worthiness -- evidenced not just by this bailout , but by the repeated bailouts over the past 25 years -- provides little convincing evidence . But even were we to do all this -- with uncertain risks to our future national debt -- there is still no assurance of a resumption of lending . For the reality is we are in a recession , and risks are high in a recession . Having been burned once , many bankers are staying away from the fire . Besides , many of the problems that afflict the financial sector are more pervasive . General Motors and GE both got into the finance business , and both showed that banks had no monopoly on bad risk management . Many a bank may decide that the better strategy is a conservative one : Hoard one 's cash , wait until things settle down , hope that you are among the few surviving banks and then start lending . Of course , if all the banks reason so , the recession will be longer and deeper than it otherwise would be . What 's the alternative ? Sweden  and several other countries  have shown that there is an alternative -- the government takes over those banks that can not assemble enough capital through private sources to survive without government assistance . It is standard practice to shut down banks failing to meet basic requirements on capital , but we almost certainly have been too gentle in enforcing these requirements .  There has been too little transparency in this and every other aspect of government intervention in the financial system . To be sure , shareholders and bondholders will lose out , but their gains under the current regime come at the expense of taxpayers . In the good years , they were rewarded for their risk taking . Ownership can not be a one-sided bet . Of course , most of the employees will remain , and even much of the management . What then is the difference ? The difference is that now , the incentives of the banks can be aligned better with those of the country . And it is in the national interest that prudent lending be restarted . There are several other marked advantages . One of the problems today is that the banks potentially owe large amounts to each other  through complicated derivatives  . With government owning many of the banks , sorting through those obligations  "  netting them out , " in the jargon  will be far easier . Inevitably , American taxpayers are going to pick up much of the tab for the banks ' failures . The question facing us is , to what extent do we participate in the upside return ? Eventually , America 's economy will recover . Eventually , our financial sector will be functioning -- and profitable -- once again , though hopefully , it will focus its attention more on doing what it is supposed to do . When things turn around , we can once again privatize the now-failed banks , and the returns we get can help write down the massive increase in the national debt that has been brought upon us by our financial markets . We are moving in unchartered waters . No one can be sure what will work . But long-standing economic principles can help guide us . Incentives matter . The long-run fiscal position of the U.S. matters . And it is important to restart prudent lending as fast as possible . Most of the ways currently being discussed for squaring this circle fail to do so . There is an alternative . We should begin to consider it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph E. Stiglitz .	Joseph E. Stiglitz : The bank bailout has failed to restart prudent lending by banks Stiglitz says banks made reckless loans and were burned as a result Stiglitz : They borrowed so much money that they could n't handle a downturn Economist says it 's time to consider government takeovers of weaker banks
Washington  CNN  -- Ahead of direct talks between Israel and the Palestinians on Thursday , President Barack Obama said Wednesday night that he was "  hopeful -- cautiously hopeful " that the talks could achieve a two-state solution to the long running Mideast conflict . "  Though each of us holds a title of honor -- president , prime minister , king -- we are bound by the one title we share , " Obama said on a stage with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and the leaders of Egypt and Jordan . "  We are fathers , blessed with sons and daughters , " Obama said . "  So we must ask ourselves what kind of world do we want to bequeath to our children and our grandchildren . " The president was speaking at the start of a working White House dinner with Netanyahu , Abbas , Jordan 's King Abdullah II and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Each made remarks before the dinner . Also attending the dinner were Secretary of State Hillary Clintonand Middle East Quartet Representative Tony Blair . The Quartet consists of the United States , Russia , the United Nations and the European Union . "  We do n't seek a brief interlude between two wars , we do n't seek a temporary respite between outbursts of terror , " Netanyahu said . "  We seek a peace that will end the conflict between us once and for all ... for our generation , our children 's generation and the next . " Netanyahu and Abbas condemned attacks against the Israelis in recent days . "  We do not want any blood to be shed -- one drop of blood from the Israelis or the Palestinians , " said Abbas . "  We want peace between the two countries ... let us sign a formal agreement for peace and put an end to this long period of suffering forever . " In earlier remarks from the White House Rose Garden , Obama said that "  this moment of opportunity may not soon come again . " With the U.S. war in Iraq drawing to a close , the Middle East moved front and center for administration officials Wednesday as Obama held a series of high-stakes meetings with Israeli and Arab leaders . Obama huddled behind closed doors at the White House with the Israeli and Arab leaders . On Wednesday night , Obama called the talks "  very productive . " But he also pointed to challenges ahead . "  We are under no illusions , " he said . "  Passions run deep ... there 's a reason that the two-state solution has eluded previous generations -- this is extraordinarily complex and extraordinarily difficult . " "  But , " he continued , "  we know that the status quo is unsustainable . " Obama and Netanyahu met first on Wednesday , briefly addressing reporters to condemn , in Obama 's words , the "  senseless slaughter " of two men and two women Tuesday near the West Bank city of Hebron . "  Terrorists ... are purposely trying to undermine these talks , " Obama said . "  The message should go out  that this attack  is not going to stop " the United States from backing Israel and the peace process . Later , after meeting with Abbas , he said that "  we are making progress " in negotiations . During his meetings with Abbas and King Abdullah , according to the White House , Obama was joined by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , National Security Advisor Gen. James Jones , and former Sen. George Mitchell , among others . Mitchell is Obama 's special envoy for Middle East peace . At stake is a unique "  window of opportunity " for a breakthrough in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict within the next year , according Mitchell . Talks have been stalled for a year and a half . The hurdles , however , remain steep . One immediate threat is the looming September 26 expiration of Israel 's 10-month freeze on settlement construction in the West Bank . Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat indicated to CNN this week that if Israel does not extend the freeze , direct talks may quickly fall apart . Netanyahu will have "  closed the door in my face " if settlement construction resumes , Erakat said . Pressed on whether the Palestinian delegation would walk out of talks at that point , Erakat said that "  we will not be able to go . " Netanyahu can have settlements or peace , but he ca n't have both , Erakat said . Another roadblock to any comprehensive deal is the Palestinian view that any two-state solution must include a handover of all the land Israel captured in the 1967 war , along with East Jerusalem as the Palestinian capital . While Netanyahu has expressed openness about a Palestinian state , he has expressed strong opposition to a Palestinian takeover of East Jerusalem . The issue of Hamas control of Gaza , Erakat noted , also remains a "  major problem . " While Gaza is generally considered to be part of any future Palestinian state , Hamas has refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist and is not a part of the talks . Hamas leaders are frequently in conflict with the more moderate Abbas and his Fatah organization , which has the upper hand in the West Bank . Mitchell , however , told reporters Tuesday that both Netanyahu and Abbas are noting polls showing fear of intensified conflict if negotiations fall apart . This is "  a moment in time within which there remains the possibility of achieving the two-state solution , " Mitchell asserted . "  The alternatives ... pose far greater difficulties and far greater problems in the future . " Several top officials close to the negotiations conceded to CNN that it is hard to be optimistic about a peace deal at the moment . They downplayed expectations , saying that nobody directly involved in the talks expects a deal to be reached this week . But simply resuming talks was a critical step , and a comprehensive Middle East peace deal has been one of Obama 's top foreign policy goals , they said . "  The biggest breakthrough would be an agenda -LSB- emerging Thursday -RSB- for a second round of meetings soon to move forward , " one top official actively engaged in the talks said . Clinton is set to play the main role in the talks on Thursday , hosting a meeting at the State Department with Netanyahu and Abbas . CNN 's Hala Gorani and David Molko contributed to this report	Obama says he is "  hopeful -- cautiously hopeful " about the talks Netanyahu says , "  We seek a peace that will end the conflict between us " Abbas says , "  Let us ... put an end to this long period of suffering forever " Obama is hosting Netanyahu , Abbas , Mubarak , and King Abdullah II at the White House
Washington  CNN  -- House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey , a senior member of the congressional Democratic leadership , announced Wednesday that he is not seeking re-election this November . Obey , 71 , represents Wisconsin 's 7th Congressional District . He was the youngest member of Congress when he was elected to his first of 21 terms in 1969 . He is the fourth-longest-serving House member , serving behind Democratic Reps. John Dingell and John Conyers , both of Michigan , and Florida Republican Rep. Bill Young . "  I think that along the way I 've made a difference in the district and the state that I represent , and for the country . But there is a time to stay and a time to go , and this is my time to go , " Obey said in announcing his decision . "  Frankly , I hate to do it . There is so much that needs to be done . But even more frankly , I am bone tired , " he said . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi praised Obey as a "  transformational figure in the Congress . " "  He is a visionary for a better life for the American people and a legislative genius : he has an ability to see around corners , anticipate challenges and opportunities and sustain a fight on behalf of what is right . For nearly a half century , he 's been an indefatigable reformer , " she said . Obey said he considered retiring after the 2000 election , but he said he became so angered by the policies of the Bush administration "  that I decided to stick around as long as they were here . " He also said that when he was asked in the past if he was contemplating retirement , he would tell reporters he did n't want to retire until Congress passed health care reform . "  Well , now it has , and I can leave with the knowledge that thanks to Speaker Pelosi and President Obama and so many others , we got the job done . I have n't done all of the big things that I wanted to do when I started out , but I 've done all of the big things that I 'm likely to do , " he said . Obey won the 2008 election with 61 percent of the vote . This term , he was expected to face Republican challenger Sean Duffy , the district attorney of Ashland County . Earlier this year , Time magazine named Duffy as one of 10 GOP contenders capable of providing a Scott Brown-like upset , referring to the Republican 's surprise win in the Massachusetts Senate election . Duffy also appeared on the sixth season of MTV 's "  The Real World . " The National Republican Congressional Committee issued a statement saying Obey was facing "  the race of his life . " "  That is why it is understandable that the architect of President Obama 's failed stimulus plan has decided to call it quits . It is ironic that a congressman who became infamously known for his short temper and angry tirades on the House floor , is going out with such a whimper , " NRCC communications director Ken Spain said in a statement . The nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report had characterized the district as "  leaning Democratic . " The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee praised Obey as a "  tireless voice for progress on behalf of his constituents in Wisconsin and middle class families across America " and disputed the notion that his job was at risk . "  His success in writing a new code of ethics for the House of Representatives and ensuring passage of our historic health insurance reforms will stand as Chairman Obey 's proud legacy , " DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen said in a statement . "  Chairman Obey would have won re-election again had he run . We are confident that a Democrat who shares Chairman Obey 's commitment to making progress for Wisconsin 's middle class families will succeed him as the next Representative of Wisconsin 's 7th Congressional District . " Obey also expressed confidence that he would have held on to his seat . "  Let me put it this way -- I have won 25 elections , " Obey said . "  Does anybody really think I do n't know how to win another one ? Or , for that matter , has anyone ever seen me walk away from a fight in my life ? " "  The fact is there is n't a chance of a snowball in Hades of that progressive congressional district electing someone who is a poor imitation of George Bush 's policies on a bad day , " Obey added to applause . Obey said he believes the job of a good politician is to be "  used up " fighting for causes one believes in , and then stepping aside to let someone else carry on the battle . "  Well today folks , I feel used up , " he said . Obey said he was n't sure what he planned to do next , but joked , "  All I do know is that there has to be more to life than explaining the ridiculous accountability-destroying rules of the United States Senate to confused and angry and frustrated constituents . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Rep. David Obey , D-Wisconsin , announced he will not run again after 41 years in House Obey disputed GOP claim that he was in danger of losing "  There is n't a chance of a snowball in Hades " for GOP win in his district , Obey says Obey is appropriations chairman and was key to passing health care bill
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has denied an appeal by Chevron to block an $ 18 billion judgment against it in an Ecuadorian court . The high court gave no explanation behind its decision not to consider the appeal from the oil giant . The case , Chevron Corp v. Naranjo et al , stems from a 2011 injunction against enforcement of any judgments against the company related to lawsuits in Ecuador . A judge initially granted the injunction , but in January of this year an appeals court reversed the lower court 's finding , removing the injunction . What the Supreme Court announced on Tuesday was that it would not consider Chevron 's appeal to reinstate the injunction . An Ecuadorian court had ruled that Chevron must pay $ 8.6 billion in damages relating to a pollution lawsuit , an amount that increased to $ 18 billion because Chevron did not apologize . In Ecuador , Chevron has appealed to the country 's National Court , and in the United States it sought to reinstate the injunction against enforcement of the Ecuadorian ruling . Chevron noted the Supreme Court ruling was not based on the merits of the case , and does not undo findings by another court that "  fraud and bias have tainted the Ecuadorian proceedings and judgment . " "  While Chevron is disappointed that the court denied the petition , Chevron will continue to defend against the plaintiffs ' lawyers ' attempts to enforce the fraudulent Ecuadorian judgment , " the company said on a blog it devotes to the case . Chevron 's legal fight in Ecuador involves litigation that goes back 19 years between residents of Ecuador 's Amazon region and Texaco , which was later purchased by Chevron . The pollution case stems from claims that the company had a detrimental impact on Amazonian communities where it operated . The company alleges that reports and evidence against it were fraudulent , and that bribes and corruption led to the original decision against it . That case , Aguinda v. ChevronTexaco , was originally filed in New York in 1993 on behalf of 30,000 inhabitants of Ecuador 's Amazon region . The suit was eventually transferred to the Ecuadorian court and Ecuadorian jurisdiction . The lawsuit alleges that Texaco used a variety of substandard production practices in Ecuador that resulted in pollution that decimated several indigenous groups in the area , according to a fact sheet provided by the Amazon Defense Coalition . According to the group , Texaco dumped more than 18 billion gallons of toxic waste into Amazon waterways , abandoned more than 900 waste pits , burned millions of cubic meters of gases with no controls and spilled more than 17 million gallons of oil due to pipeline ruptures . Cancer and other health problems were reported at higher rates in the area , the group says . Chevron says Texaco was partnered with an Ecuadorian oil company when it operated in Ecuador , and that it spent $ 40 million on remediation efforts to clean up roughly one-third of the sites in which it worked -- an amount reflective of its 37 % share of the oil-producing consortium with Petroecuador . It says its cleanup efforts were certified and approved by the Ecuadorian government and blames Petroecuador for any ongoing pollution at sites where it was the sole operator , according to documents on the Chevron website regarding the lawsuit and its history of operations in the South American country .	Chevron appealed to the Supreme Court to block an $ 18 billion judgment against it The court will not consider the case An Ecuadorian court levied the fine on Chevron in an oil pollution case Chevron is appealing to Ecuador 's National Court
CNN  -- After emerging as victor in the long and bruising contest to seize the Democratic nomination for the U.S. presidential race , Barack Obama 's next move is to choose a running mate . And that search for a vice president is getting some added support . Caroline Kennedy has joined Obama 's vice presidential selection team , a campaign spokesman said Wednesday . Former Fannie Mae CEO Jim Johnson is heading up the search team , and former Deputy U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is also serving on the committee . Kennedy , the daughter of President Kennedy , formally endorsed Obama late January in a New York Times op-ed piece titled , "  A President Like My Father . " "  I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , " Kennedy wrote . "  But for the first time , I believe I have found the man who could be that president -- not just for me , but for a new generation of Americans . " Sen. Hillary Clinton , whose tenacious refusal to surrender the nomination contest turned the Democratic race into one of the most nail-biting in modern U.S. political history , has indicated that she would be willing to sign up on a joint ticket . But while Clinton 's appointment could help heal rifts in the party after weeks of divisive campaigning from both candidates , Obama has the pick of a broad field of candidates from across the political spectrum . iReport.com : Whom do you see as VP ? Here is a list of possible front-runners : Other names mentioned in the running include : Former South Dakota Sen. Tom Daschle , former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill , Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano , former Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn and Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland . CNN 's Candy Crowley and Roland Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama picks Caroline Kennedy , Eric Holder for search committee Obama faces tough choice of whom to pick for running mate Hillary Clinton has indicated that she is open to a joint ticket There is a wide field of contenders from across political spectrum
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy captain Landon Donovan has decided against making another loan move to a European club during American soccer 's offseason . The United States international spent three months with English Premier League outfit Everton at the start of 2010 , but will not repeat the stint when the international transfer window reopens on January 1 . "  I feel that it is important to continue to rest and recover this offseason as opposed to going on loan , " he told the Major League Soccer website , adding that he had not considered going to any club other than Everton . "  I have been playing nearly non-stop for the past two years and I believe that this decision will allow me to perform at my best for the Galaxy and the national team throughout the upcoming year . " The 29-year-old scored two goals in 10 games for Everton last season , and also made six appearances during a similar loan spell with German side Bayern Munich in 2009 . "  We expect Landon to join our club for the start of preseason training next month as we begin to prepare for the 2011 MLS season , " Galaxy head coach Bruce Arena said . Donovan has been named US Soccer 's Male Athlete of the Year for the fourth time in his career . The attacking midfielder scored three times at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and led the Galaxy to the Western Conference title before losing to eventual runners-up Dallas in the MLS Cup playoffs . "  I want to thank everyone who chose me for this honor , " Donovan said . "  I am very proud to have been part of this team and how we represented ourselves this year . "	Landon Donovan rules out making a loan move during the MLS offseason Donovan spent three months with English team Everton at the start of 2010 The 29-year-old will return to LA Galaxy for preseason training next month The World Cup star has been named U.S. Soccer 's Male Athlete of the Year for 2010
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton will stop telling an emotional story about a uninsured pregnant woman who died after being denied medical care , Clinton 's campaign said . Sen. Hillary Clinton was repeating a story she heard from someone on the campaign trail . A hospital has raised questions over the accuracy of the story , and Clinton 's campaign has said although they had no reason to doubt the story , they were unable to confirm the details . In the story , Clinton describes a woman from rural Ohio who was making minimum wage at a local pizza shop . The woman , who was uninsured , became pregnant . Clinton said the woman ran into trouble and went to a hospital in a nearby county but was denied treatment because she could n't afford a $ 100 payment . In her speeches , Clinton said the woman later was taken to the hospital by ambulance and lost the baby . The young woman was then taken by helicopter to a Columbus hospital where she died of complications . Watch why the story is raising questions " The New York senator heard the story during a campaign visit to a family 's living room in Pomeroy , Ohio , in late February . Bryan Holman was hosting the candidate and told Clinton the story . She has repeated it frequently since then . As recently as Friday night in Grand Forks , North Dakota , Clinton said she was "  just aching inside " as she was listening to the story . "  It is so wrong , in this good , great and rich country , that a young woman and her baby would die because she did n't have health insurance or a hundred dollars to get examined , " she said . While Clinton never named the hospital in her speech , the woman she was referring to was treated at O'Bleness Memorial Hospital in Athens , Ohio . The hospital said the woman did indeed have insurance , and , at least at their hospital , she was never turned away . Hospital Chief Executive Officer Rick Castrop in a statement said , "  we reviewed the medical and patient accounts of the patient " after she was named in a newspaper story about Clinton 's stump speech . "  There is no indication that she was ever denied medical care at any time , for any reason . We clearly reject any perception that we ever denied any care to this woman . " A hospital spokesperson confirmed to CNN the woman had insurance . She said the hospital decided to come forward after people in the community began to question if they had denied her care . Clinton 's speech accurately reflects what she was told that day , but the campaign admits they were not able to confirm the account . Clinton spokesman Mo Elleithee said , "  She had no reason to doubt his word . " "  Candidates are told stories by people all the time , and it 's common for candidates to retell those stories . It 's not always possible to fully vet them , but we try . For example , medical records are confidential . In this case , we tried but were n't able to fully vet the story , " he said . Elleithee added , "  If the hospital claims it did n't happen that way , we certainly respect that , and she wo n't repeat the story . " "  She never mentions the hospital by name and is n't trying to cast blame . She tells this story because it illustrates the point that we have a very serious health care problem in America . That 's a point very few people will dispute . " E-mail to a friend	Clinton had been repeating a story she heard about an uninsured pregnant woman In the story , the woman was denied treatment , later died from complications Hospital says woman had insurance , was never denied care Clinton campaign says they had no reason to doubt the accuracy of the story
CNN  A young mother in Washington state has been charged with attempted murder after authorities say she cut her children 's throats in an attempt to keep them quiet . Over the weekend , Christina Booth called 911 to report that her three children were crying nonstop and "  needed medical attention , " according to a recent probable cause filing . The 28-year-old and her husband , Thomas Booth , have three children , a 2-year-old and 6-month-old twins . When officers arrived at the Olympia , Washington , home Saturday night , they found a troubling scene . As spelled out by a local prosecutor , police saw the twins on the couch crying "  uncontrollably " and "  bleeding from their necks . " One officer then went upstairs and found the couple 's 2-year-old in bed , under the covers with "  dry blood all over her . " All three were taken to a local hospital , where , CNN affiliate KOMO reports , they underwent surgery . They are now in stable condition and will be placed in protective custody . In their probable cause filing , authorities paint a picture of a mother overwhelmed and suffering from postpartum depression . A judge set bail for Booth at $ 3 million , KCPQ , another CNN affiliate , reported . The night that ended in tears and blood began with wine and a movie . In the probable cause filing , Thomas Booth told investigators he had two "  large glasses " and his wife had at least the same amount . "  Thomas said he was feeling intoxicated , " the document reads "  and Christina was intoxicated to the point that she was slurring her words . " As the movie wrapped up , Thomas Booth told police , his wife took the toddler upstairs to put her to bed , but then "  a short time later Christina came down the stairs in only her underwear crying and screaming . " Postpartum depression : One mom 's mission becomes a movement Christina Booth , like her husband , spoke to authorities without an attorney present . Her story differs from her husband 's slightly , a local prosecutor said . She told a police detective that she was having "  a really rough time " taking care of her three children . She said that her husband "  never helps " and that he "  gets very annoyed when the children cry and make noise . " Like her husband , Christina Booth said they were watching a movie and she went to put the toddler to bed just before the movie ended . She then told authorities that the twins started crying and "  she hit her breaking point . " In the probable cause document , a prosecutor says she confessed to the crimes of which she stands accused , saying "  she knew if she killed all the kids the house would be quiet for Thomas . " "  During the interview , Christina broke down crying several times , yelled about Thomas never helping with the kids " the document says . "  Christina made the comment ` they will be quiet now ' several times . " Thomas Booth told police that his wife has been "  very stressed out raising the children " and that she took medication for postpartum depression . He also said she "  always takes the children out of his presence if they cry . " The couple 's account differs in where the attack on the twins took place . Christina Booth told authorities she carried them downstairs after attacking her toddler and cut their necks while they lay on the couch . Her husband told police he found the babies upstairs with injuries to their necks and brought them downstairs to render first aid . Thomas Booth has not been charged , and KOMO reports that police do not suspect he played any kind of role in the violence . KOMO reports he 's an active-duty soldier who was recently deployed overseas . Neighbors described Christina Booth as sweet , vivacious and "  a loving mother . " Tiffany Felch , who has spent time with the pair , told KOMO , "  I would have never suspected that she would be a person to take this kind of a drastic action . I ca n't imagine what stress she must have been under to cause her to do such a thing . " KOMO reported that neighbors say Christina Booth was normally social , but changed after giving birth to the twins . Neighbor Tammy Ramsey expressed concern to KOMO about the potential for missed opportunities to help the family . "  Why were n't we knocking on the door ? " she said . "  I think that we need to rally and love to understand and not to judge . "	Christina Booth is charged with attempted murder after admitting slashing her three young children , police say She 's being treated for postpartum depression and says she slashed the children to silence them for her husband , authorities say The children are stable after surgery ; Booth is being held on $ 3 million bail , station reports
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The City Council of San Bernardino , California , declared a fiscal emergency ahead of a planned bankruptcy filing , a move that allows officials to bypass a 60-day mediation period with creditors that is mandated by the state . The seven-member council immediately followed the action Wednesday night by voting 5-2 to seek Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection . "  These votes mean that the City of San Bernardino will move forward with its plan to file for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection in approximately 30 days , " according to a statement released by Andrea Travis Miller , the interim city manager . "  It does not mean the city will not negotiate in good faith with its creditors -- just that it may not complete those negotiations prior to the Chapter 9 filing . " Last week , Miller and Finance Director Jason Simpson issued a report stating that the city was facing insolvency and its expenditures are projected to exceed revenues by $ 45 million . The city 's general fund reserves had been as high as $ 19 million in 2001 but are now depleted , the report said . Some $ 10 million to $ 16 million in annual revenue has evaporated in recent years as taxable sales dried up and property values plummeted in the city of 211,000 residents , the report said . San Bernardino is about 60 miles east of downtown Los Angeles . Prior agreements reducing city salaries are now ending , "  creating an increase in salaries and benefits of $ 10 million effective July 1 , 2012 , and increased costs in future years as merit increases resume , " the report said . Despite negotiating tens of millions of dollars in concessions and reducing its work force by 20 % over the past four years , San Bernardino would not have enough cash on hand to meet its obligations , according to the report . "  The city has reached a breaking point , " the report said . San Bernardino continues to date to meet its financial obligations to vendors , creditors and employees , Miller said . San Bernardino would be the third California city to file for bankruptcy in the past few weeks . Many municipalities in the Golden State and around the nation are struggling to cover their costs as the economic malaise continues to hurt tax revenue streams , experts said . This will lead to more municipal bankruptcies , which have been rare until now . "  This is not the end . This is the beginning , " Peter Navarro , business professor at University of California , Irvine , told CNN recently . "  As cities see it can be done and is being done , it will give them the idea to do it . " The town of Mammoth Lakes , California , sought protection July 2 after a property developer won a $ 43 million court judgment against the resort town of just over 8,000 residents . Experts say this filing should not be lumped in with the other two California towns since it was an unusual circumstance . The city of Stockton , however , filed for bankruptcy in late June after three months of mediation with creditors failed to close a $ 26 million budget shortfall . The city of 292,000 residents had already addressed $ 90 million in deficits over the past three years , mainly through reducing services and employee compensation . Both Stockton 's and San Bernardino 's fiscal troubles are due in large part to the massive housing downturn and recession that swept across California . Both towns were hit particularly hard by the foreclosure crisis , which left numerous abandoned homes and reduced property values in its wake . That led to lower property tax revenues , critical to supporting public services . Also , municipalities have struggled from budget changes made on the state level . Because of massive budget shortfalls , Gov. Jerry Brown and the state legislature made changes to vehicle tax money and redevelopment agencies that stripped locales of hundreds of millions in state funding . While some areas of the Golden State are starting to recover , the regions containing those two towns are not , said Chris McKenna , executive director of the League of California Cities . By filing for bankruptcy , cities will be able to keep police and firefighters on the street and possibly keep some parks and libraries open while they work out their finances , he said . More municipal bankruptcies are likely in California and throughout the nation , as cities continue to battle rising costs and a weak economy , said Eric Hoffman , an analyst at Moody 's Investors Service . CNNMoney 's Tami Luhby contributed to this report .	The City Council of San Bernardino votes 5-2 to pursue bankruptcy filing The council declared a fiscal emergency , eliminating a 60-day mediation with creditors The vote does not mean the city does not intend to negotiate in good faith , an official says The city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated
CNN  -- Investigators combed through Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab 's history Sunday in hopes of learning how the British-educated son of a Nigerian bank executive ended up carrying what authorities said was a bomb onto a Michigan-bound jetliner . Abdulmutallab was released from a hospital in Ann Arbor , Michigan , on Sunday after being treated for burns , according to Gina Balaya , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Detroit , Michigan . The 23-year-old is charged with attempting to set off an explosive device aboard a Northwest Airlines flight from the Netherlands shortly before its landing in Detroit on Christmas Day , and was being held in an undisclosed location , Balaya told CNN . Meanwhile , investigators were trying to retrace Abdulmutallab 's steps halfway across the globe , from the Arabian peninsula to West Africa to Britain . Abdulmutallab claimed to have extremist ties and said the explosive device -- made from a plastic explosive known as PETN -- "  was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used , " according to a federal security bulletin . A source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN Sunday that the amount of explosive was sufficient to blow a hole in the side of the aircraft . U.S. intelligence warns that the al Qaeda terrorist network has established a foothold in Yemen , the ancestral homeland of its founder , Osama bin Laden , where government troops are now battling both al Qaeda operatives and a Shiite Muslim separatist movement . In Britain , where the suspect studied engineering at a London university , police spent a second day searching his last known apartment . Bombings by home-grown Muslim radicals killed 52 people in London in 2005 . "  This man had been in London , where there is frequent evidence of recruitment by al Qaeda , al Qaeda-related people , " said John McLaughlin , the former deputy director of the CIA , now a CNN analyst . "  He claims to have been in touch with Yemenis , and Yemen is a place where al Qaeda is on the move . " Detectives with Scotland Yard 's anti-terrorism branch spent part of Sunday interviewing Michael Rimmer , a former high school teacher who described Abdulmutallab as a "  very devout " Muslim who had once expressed sympathy for Afghanistan 's Taliban insurgency during a classroom discussion . But Rimmer , who taught Abdulmutallab at a school in the West African nation of Togo , said it was not clear whether the then-teenager was simply playing devil 's advocate during the class . The site of the London search was a basement apartment in an ornate building in a wealthy neighborhood . Abdulmutallab returned to London in May , and received a tourist visa from the U.S. Embassy there that he used to fly to Detroit from the Nigerian commercial capital of Lagos via Amsterdam , the Netherlands . A family source said Abdulmutallab received a college degree at University College London , where spokesman Dave Weston said a man named Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab was enrolled in the Mechanical Engineering Department between September 2005 and June 2008 . He then went to Dubai , the UAE 's financial hub , around January 2009 to study for a masters degree in international business . A U.S. official said Saturday that Abdulmutallab 's father contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria several weeks ago to report that his son had "  become radicalized . " The father , Umaru Abdulmutallab , told the embassy the family feared his son had gone to Yemen to participate in "  some kind of jihad , " the family source said . The source told CNN that Abdulmutallab 's father -- who recently retired as chairman of First Bank PLC , one of Nigeria 's premier banks -- had his concerns raised by a text message from his son . But a senior Obama administration official with knowledge of the case said the father 's call amounted to little more than a "  missing person report . " The official , who could not speak on the record because of the sensitive nature of the information , said the elder Abdulmutallab was deemed credible as a source , but did not have enough specific information to justify canceling his son 's U.S. visa or putting him on a "  no-fly " list . "  If we pulled his visa or banned him from flying , that would have alerted him you are onto him , " the official said . "  Whereas in some cases if you have a terror lead , you watch to see what happens when he travels , which could be more valuable . " In addition , the official said , it was "  fairly early in the process of what kind of threat this guy poses . " The father 's information was vetted and a determination on how to proceed was made through a U.S. inter-agency process , and a file was opened on Abdulmutallab about five weeks ago . But the official added , "  One part of the system that absolutely failed " was that Abdulmutallab was able to board a plane to the United States allegedly with PETN . Abdulmutallab first boarded a KLM flight from Lagos , Nigeria , to Amsterdam . Both Nigerian authorities and KLM , a Northwest partner , say he received secondary security screening . But a U.S. official said Friday that Abdulmutallab was not checked for traces of explosives using a more extensive test . CNN 's Jason Morris , Elise Labott and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Accused terrorist Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab treated for burns , released Sunday CIA former deputy director : Man had lived in London , has al Qaeda ties Abdulmutallab 's former high school teacher describes him as "  very devout " Muslim Source : Abdulmutallab 's father raised concerns about son to U.S. Embassy
CNN  -- An Indianapolis girl may have been among the first victims of Mattel 's magnet mishap at the center of Tuesday 's recall of millions of dolls made in China . An employee removes Polly Pockets toys Tuesday , the same toy that sickened an Indianapolis girl . Paige Kostrzewski was 7 years old in July 2005 when she was playing with her new Polly Pocket toy , whose plastic clothes attached to the doll with magnets . When some of the magnets detached from some of the clothing , Paige placed two of them between her lips so that her hands would be free to affix the rest of the clothes , said her mother , Misty May . A few days later , the girl complained of abdominal pain , but May attributed it to the flu . Watch what parents should look out for " "  I never thought in a million years she 'd swallowed a magnet , " the 27-year-old mother of four told CNN in a telephone interview . But May 's concern for her daughter soon heightened . "  When she started puking green , that 's when I knew something was n't right , " she said . May took Paige to a hospital , where a scan revealed that two magnets -- each about the size of a watch battery -- had lodged in her small bowel . See what toys have been recalled " Surgery discovered the magnets had attached to each other , separated only by a thin piece of tissue , May said . "  She had ended up swallowing two of the magnets , and they had somehow connected together inside her intestine , which caused two holes -- punctures -- in her intestines , which caused everything to just seep into her body , " May said . With the seepage came a massive infection . "  If I had waited a few more days , she would have died , " May said doctors had told her . Paige , who will be 10 in November , required two weeks of hospitalization for treatment of her infection and return trips to the doctor every few weeks for months thereafter , May said . In all , the treatment cost about $ 40,000 . "  I went straight to a lawyer , " she added . Retained by the family , product-liability attorney Gordon Tabor filed suit , and Mattel settled for an amount he would not disclose . Mattel 's CEO , Bob Eckert , said he would not discuss litigation . "  I bet he wo n't , " Tabor told CNN . Last November , the 62-year-old toymaker voluntarily recalled 4.4 million Polly Pocket products , about 2.5 million of them in the United States . That recall was expanded Tuesday . May said the experience has moved her to alter her toy-buying habits . "  I inspect things more , and there 's certain things now I wo n't allow them to play with no more -- nothing with magnets , nothing that I think is going to fall apart . " May faulted the company for not having recalled the products sooner . "  It should have been done two years ago , when my daughter almost died , " she said . A representative of the U.S. Public Interest Research Group , a nonprofit consumer advocacy group in Washington , said Mattel should have had better safeguards in place . "  They should have never allowed it to happen in the first place , " said Ed Mierzwinski , the organization 's consumer program director . "  They have a responsibility to avoid recalls . " E-mail to a friend	Mom : Girl swallowed magnets from her Polly Pocket toy in 2005 Two small magnets had lodged in her bowel , causing seepage and infection The girl , 7 , was hospitalized for 2 weeks and treated for months thereafter The girl 's mother sued , and the toymaker settled for an undisclosed amount
We 're not bluffing , the Obama administration told Afghanistan on Tuesday in announcing for the first time it has started planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of the year if no security agreement is signed . Statements by the White House and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel showed President Barack Obama 's impatience with Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai 's refusal to sign the agreement that would keep several thousand American troops in the country after combat operations conclude this year . In a phone call with Karzai on Tuesday to discuss upcoming elections for a new Afghan leader , Obama made clear that time was running out to properly plan for keeping any U.S. forces in the country beyond 2014 , the White House said . Meanwhile , a senior Pakistani official warned that pulling out U.S. troops could have dire consequences , leading to a civil war in Afghanistan . Obama calling "  President Obama has asked the Pentagon to ensure that it has adequate plans in place to accomplish an orderly withdrawal by the end of the year should the United States not keep any troops in Afghanistan after 2014 , " said the White House statement . It also noted that a deal remained possible with a new Afghan leader , even if Karzai fails to sign the Bilateral Security Agreement before the April election chooses his successor . History not repeating itself in Afghanistan "  Should we have a BSA and a willing and committed partner in the Afghan government , a limited post-2014 mission focused on training , advising , and assisting Afghan forces and going after the remnants of core al Qaeda could be in the interests of the United States and Afghanistan , " the White House said . "  Therefore , we will leave open the possibility of concluding a BSA with Afghanistan later this year . " In his separate statement , Hagel said he strongly supported the order by Obama to "  ensure adequate plans are in place to accomplish an orderly withdrawal by the end of the year should the United States not keep any troops in Afghanistan after 2014 . " Speaking at Joint Base Langley-Eustis in Virginia Tuesday afternoon , Hagel said the situation in Afghanistan will likely be a top item on the agenda at a NATO ministerial conference in Brussels this week . Obama , he said , has been very clear that the possibility of U.S. troops staying in Afghanistan depends "  on whether we have a bilateral security agreement signed by the Afghani government , to assure our rights of our troops and other important elements that are required any time America has troops in another country . " Pakistani official : Do n't do it A senior Pakistani government official told CNN that a full withdrawal of U.S. troops should not be considered , declaring that "  the zero option means civil war in Afghanistan . " Speaking on condition of not being identified , the Pakistani official predicted that 30 % of Afghan forces would desert if U.S. forces leave the country . For the Pentagon , Obama 's order means preparing for all contingencies . "  For the first time , the commander in chief has told us to begin planning for a complete withdrawal " from Afghanistan , a senior U.S. official told CNN . While the option to keep troops there remains , the situation has reached a point where the Pentagon has to begin planning for all possibilities , the official added . More than 33,000 U.S. troops remain in Afghanistan as the Obama administration winds down the almost 13-year war that began shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The security agreement negotiated between Afghanistan and the United States would cover a continuing mission after 2014 focused on training Afghan forces and counterterrorism . Pentagon : If freed Afghan prisoners return to fight , they 're ` legitimate targets ' Afghan presidential contender says he 'll sign if elected While Karzai has balked at signing , a leading contender to succeed him told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this month that the agreement should proceed . Presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah said he would sign the deal to keep international forces in Afghanistan , and aid dollars flowing , if elected in April . Abdullah said Afghanistan will need the financial and military support of the international community "  for years to come . " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that that longer it takes for security agreement to get signed , the more difficult it will be to properly plan and carry out a U.S. mission after 2014 . Continued delay would result in a smaller and less ambitious mission , Carney said . Asked what happens if no agreement gets signed , he said : "  We can not and will not have U.S. troops on the ground " without a signed deal . Karzai 's not-so-crazy end game Leading contender for Afghanistan president vows to sign troop agreement if elected	President Obama calls Afghan leader to discuss security agreement Obama orders planning for bringing home all U.S. troops at the end of 2014 Afghan President Karzai refuses to sign a deal to keep some troops there The White House says an agreement could happen after Karzai leaves office in April
EW.com  -- If trends come in cycles , maybe it 's time to bring Miranda Priestly , Andrea Sachs , and the "  clackers " at Runway magazine out of the fashion closet . EW has learned exclusively that author Lauren Weisberger is working on "  Revenge Wears Prada : The Devil Returns , " a sequel to her debut novel "  The Devil Wears Prada . " Simon & Schuster will be publishing the follow-up in April 2013 -- 10 years after the release of the original . In 2003 , "  The Devil Wears Prada " reached the top of the best-seller lists and went on to inspire the hit 2006 film starring Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway . The novel -- a roman  clef partly based on Weisberger 's own experience as second assistant to Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour -- told the story of Andrea "  Andy " Sachs , an aspiring journalist dealing with the increasingly unreasonable demands of her fashion editrix boss Miranda Priestly . "  Revenge Wears Prada " picks up eight years after Andy parted ways with Miranda on bad terms . Andy is now editing The Plunge , the hottest bridal magazine around , alongside Emily , her one-time Runway nemesis turned current BFF . While Andy is planning her own wedding to Max , a handsome media scion , she remains haunted by her impeccably heeled former boss -- and the magazine world being as small as it is , it 's only a matter of time before she hears the dreaded syllables "  Ahn-dre-ah ! " again . Weisberger has written three novels since "  The Devil Wears Prada , " but this is her first return to the cutthroat world of Runway magazine . Are you excited for Miranda Priestly 's wrath ? Do you dare dream of a Streep-Hathaway-Blunt-Tucci reunion ? See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lauren Weisberger is working on "  Revenge Wears Prada : The Devil Returns " It will be a sequel to her debut novel "  The Devil Wears Prada " Simon & Schuster will be publishing the follow-up in April 2013
CNN  -- Tamika Morrison and Joi Disroe knew each other for several months before they met in person . But , when they finally did connect , it was as if they had known each other for much longer . "  The emotion was so genuine , " Morrison said of their first encounter . "  When she looked at me , she looked like she saw a friend of hers that she had not seen in a long time . " The two met at a gathering for Atlanta-area "  pinners , " the name fans use to pledge their allegiance to Pinterest , the popular Internet pinboard . As the online community swells with more and more people sharing images of dream homes , extravagant food and inspirational phrases , pinners are forging connections in real-life at fan parties such as May 's "  Perfect Pinterest Party " in Atlanta . The gatherings also offer an opportunity to capture a slice of Pinterest 's audience in one room at a time : women of all colors , sizes and income brackets and a few well-dressed men . Many have dozens of boards and hundreds , if not thousands of pins , that they use for a variety of purposes , from sharing and storing recipe and decor inspiration to networking and creating their own brand . From pins to projects : Pinterest in real life Pinterest has organized several meet-ups in the past year in New York , San Francisco and Los Angeles , which drew guests from San Diego and even as far as Mexico . The Atlanta event was unique because pinners from the area hatched and planned the event on their own . Besides donating T-shirts and promoting the event on social media , Pinterest had no hand in directly organizing it . "  This party and other parties of this nature are truly an amazing effort by the Pinners themselves , " a Pinterest spokeswoman said in an e-mail . The self-driven model is gaining ground . Pinners are known to host get-togethers in homes or organize outings based around activities and recipes discovered via Pinterest . And , because they already have one passion  or several  in common , striking up small talk at these events can be a little easier than meeting up with perfect strangers . The parties are opportunities to meet others whose taste these pinners admire from afar . Melanie Woodroffe , who admits to being "  pin-obsessed , " started planning the Atlanta event in February with the goal of bringing pinners together to benefit a local nonprofit . It turned out to be an easy sell for Pinterest , which contributed giveaways for a raffle , and for local sponsors , who donated free food and drinks . She found the perfect venue in craft store Re-inspiration , a converted house that sells recycled goods by local artists , from wind chimes and jewelry made of glass bottles to driftwood wall signs bearing inspirational phrases . "  Re-inspiration represents a live version of Pinterest , " Woodroffe , who wore a gray Pinterest T-shirt as she greeted visitors outside the store . "  It is creative and community-based , and I love that . -LSB- It -RSB- reminded me why I love Pinterest so much ! " It was a no-brainer for the store 's owner , Brooke Schultze , an avid pinner who promotes items from the store on her boards . Interest , meet Pinterest : Site helps users catalog their passions "  The idea was to form a community around Pinterest in Atlanta that extends beyond just sitting behind a computer -LSB- and -RSB- into the community to see actual things that are featured on Pinterest , " Schultze said . Guests walked up stairs to an enclosed porch , where a table of red velvet and rum raisin cake balls awaited them , courtesy of "  Kheesecake " baker Kelli Fair . Past the colorful wooden birdhouses and lawn decorations of corrugated metal , another table offered vases of M&M s and popcorn in a nod to the "  vase-as-a-vessel-for-other-items " motif popular on Pinterest . Several guests remarked that they had seen the sausage cheddar balls on Pinterest as well . Initially , guests moved around tentatively in groups of two and three , taking pictures with smart phones and iPads of store goods and pinning them . As time passed and drinks were imbibed , people began mingling . Joi Disroe was milling among the crowd when she recognized Tamika Morrison from photos on her boards . Disroe , who owns a catering business with her husband , wanted to put a real face to the person whose images of food and "  tablescapes " she frequently "  liked " or commented on . Morrison started following Disroe 's "  Haute Kitchen " board after seeing a blog image of a kitchen with black cabinetry accented with a gray , heavily distressed island and wood floors . "  When I look at her pins , I think , ` that kitchen could be my kitchen , ' " said Morrison , a public relations professional who runs her own boutique agency . "  Pinning is about creating a place to escape to , a perfect world around whatever the topic is . She gives me photos that I can bring to my collection . " The two shared a laugh over the odd familiarity of the relationship and talked about each other 's pins before parting ways , feeling as if they had just reconnected with an old friend . "  It reminded me of the importance to still connect face-to-face with people , but the cool part was that social media , pinning to be exact , was the commonality we shared , " Morrison . "  Instead of the usual ` hello , I 'm so-and-so , what do you do ? ' it was more like , ` Oh ! You 're so-and-so !!! I love the picture you posted the other day , " she said . "  It was a very cool experience and shows just how social media has influenced the way we connect . " Pinterest not manly enough for you ? Try these sites , bro Have you connected with people in person that you met online via social media ? Let us know in the comments below .	As Pinterest community grows online , pinners organize meet-ups to connect followers Pinners in Atlanta organized a party to benefit a local nonprofit The idea is to form a real-life community around Pinterest , a pinner says
CNN  -- London has always been a world-class destination , but its hotels have often fallen behind , especially in the 1990s and 2000s , as new American hotel chains rapidly expanded and design-minded resorts in Asia perennially raised the bar on service . South America , Africa and Oceania also saw unprecedented growth . London was a place to escape from , not to escape to ; rooms with views were reserved for Paris and Tuscany . But how the times changed . As London prepared for two back-to-back mega events last year , the Queen 's Jubilee and the Summer Olympics , its hotel sector began to make some notable strides , the likes of which are still dazzling visitors . The new generation of hotels , all of which opened between 2011 and 2013 , includes the work of starchitect David Chipperfield  Caf Royal  and big-name designers like Kit Kemp , Tara Bernerd , Anouska Hempel and David Collins also got in on the action . Departures : Best restaurants in London Here are our favorites . The Ampersand Hotel London 's French-expat scene congregates in Frog Alley , otherwise known as South Kensington , which is home to the Ampersand , a hotel opened in August 2012 . All 110 of its rooms feature one of five central Victorian themes : botany , music , geometry , ornithology and astronomy .  Each takes inspiration from the nearby Natural History and Victoria & Albert museums .  Its new patisserie area , an underground cocktail bar , a library , a game room  featuring table tennis  and a high-tech , 24-hour gym bring things up to date . Rooms , from $ 225 ; 10 Harrington Rd. ; 44-20/7589 -5895 . Departures : Festive London teas Belgraves Thompson Hotels transplanted New York cool to London when it launched the modern , 85-room Belgraves in February 2012 in London 's ritzy Belgravia neighborhood near Sloane Square . Though the hotel 's designer , Tara Bernerd , is British -- and contemporary pieces from local artists Miranda Donovan and Mat Collishaw hang in the halls -- a combination of new leather , a spacious fitness center and a retro restaurant serving upgraded burgers , shrimp cocktails and pumpkin pie are pure Americana . Rooms , from $ 350 ; 20 Chesham Pl. ; 44-20/7858 -0100 . 9 glamorous movie-star hotels Bulgari Hotel The pre-Olympics boom of luxury hotels includes this Knightsbridge property , which opened in May 2012 and eschews British florals and Empire-era chintz for a modernized 1920s look . Highlights include a handmade steel balustrade backed by a metallic wall adorned with sketches of Bulgari 's early-20th-century jewelry collections , glossy sapele-mahogany woodwork , silver chandeliers and an overall subdued design paying homage to the label 's early Italian silvercraft . Surrounded by columns and small cabanas , the 75-foot pool anchors the spa , which is composed of onyx , oak , Vicenza stone and Italian glass mosaics that lead to a vertical fireplace . Rooms , from $ 770 ; 171 Knightsbridge ; 44-20/7151 -1010 . Departures : Opulent hotel lobbies Caf Royal The opulent Louis XVI decor and detailing of Caf Royal , which opened in December 2012 and is nestled between Soho and Mayfair , is the work of British architect David Chipperfield . The grandiose property features a Champagne and caviar lounge with live entertainment , a spa and marble hammam and restored ballrooms once frequented by Elizabeth Taylor , the Beatles and Oscar Wilde . Rooms , from $ 530 ; 68 Regent St. ; 44-20/7406 -3333 . Lights , camera , vacation ! Corinthia Hotel London This opulent 294-room hotel -- once home to the Ministry of Defense -- reopened in the spring of 2011 . Baccarat crystal , colorful flower arrangements and swirls of Calacatta Oro marble punctuate this Beaux-Arts gem , the product of a $ 488 million renovation . But the spa -- London 's largest -- is the real game changer . The four-story , 35,000-square-foot Espa Life at Corinthia spa and wellness center offers 15 treatment rooms , a monochromatic white spa lounge , a sauna encased in glass and a pool lined with steel . Guests can hit the on-site Harrods for a shopping spree and sip cocktails in the David Collins-designed Bassoon Bar before retiring to one of the seven plush suites with literary , drama or world-exploration themes . Rooms , from $ 500 ; Whitehall Pl. ; 44-20/7930 -8181 . Departures : Tucked-away city hotels Dorset Square Hotel Kit Kemp , founder and chief designer of Firmdale Hotels , brought her signature British style to New York in 2009 with her Crosby Street property . But she got her start here at this tidy 38-room Regency townhouse overlooking a former cricket grounds in Marylebone . Though it was Firmdale 's first property in 1985 , the dwelling was eventually de-flagged . It returned to the Firmdale family  and to the Design Hotels portfolio  in May 2012 after being gutted and "  Kitted " out with chic , slightly eccentric touches like handwoven Argentinean rugs , bespoke wallpaper mocking vintage botanical prints and cricket-ball doorknobs . Two additional Firmdale properties are expected to open in the coming year , another in London and one in New York . Rooms , from $ 200 ; 39-40 Dorset Sq. ; 44-20/7723 -7874 . La Suite West Another Design Hotels member opened in August 2012 in the understated La Suite West in the underrated Bayswater neighborhood , a quiet , leafy residential area adjacent to Hyde Park that is home to some of London 's best Asian food . The discreet 19th-century Victorian townhouse lurks behind hedges that make it easy to miss . But once inside guests enjoy an elegant lobby with a minimalist fireplace , relaxing rooms with handsome gray marble tubs , black lacquer shutters and fabrics in deep violet and brown hues , all thanks to British designer Anouska Hempel . Rooms , from $ 250 ; 41-51 Inverness Ter. ; 44-20/7313 -8484 . Departures : See more new London hotels  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	New hotels opened in advance of London 's Olympics and Jubilee events South Kensington is home to the Ampersand , which opened in August 2012 The Bulgari Hotel eschews British florals and Empire-era chintz for a 1920s look
CNN  -- A naturalized citizen living in Portland , Oregon , has been charged with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists . The charge is related to the May 2009 bombing that killed 30 people at Pakistan 's intelligence headquarters in Lahore , said Amanda Marshall , the U.S. Attorney for the District of Oregon . Reaz Qadir Khan , 48 , faces life in prison if convicted . According to the indictment , Khan provided money and advice to Ali Jaleel , who was one of the suicide bombers in the attack . The Justice Department said in a statement that he was arrested Tuesday at his home in Portland . He is due in court Wednesday for a detention hearing . The indictment alleges that from December 2005 through June 2009 , Khan conspired with others including Jaleel , a citizen of the Maldives . Jaleel was killed during a suicide bomb attack on the headquarters of the Inter-Services Intelligence in Lahore , Pakistan on May 27 , 2009 . Prosecutors said Khan gave Jaleel approximately $ 2,500 to attend a terror training camp to get ready for the ISI bombing and promised to help take care of his family afterward . "  Khan allegedly provided Jaleel with advice to help him in his efforts to travel undetected from the Maldives to commit violent jihad and used coded language when communicating with Jaleel to avoid detection , " according to a news release issued by the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Oregon . After Jaleel and two others attacked the ISI and were killed , a video was released by al Qaeda 's media outlet showing Jaleel at a terror training camp that appeared to be located in the Federally Administered Tribal Area of Pakistan . Prosecutors said the video also had a statement from Jaleel taking responsibility for the attack he was about to commit . Several days after Jaleel was killed , Khan wired around $ 750 via Western Union to one of the man 's wives in the Maldives , according to the indictment . "  We will find and prosecute those who use this country as a base to fund and support terrorists , " said U.S. Attorney Amanda Marshall . Her sentiments were shared by Greg Fowler , the FBI special agent in charge in Oregon : "  The FBI will continue to focus on cutting off the flow of funds that help terrorists train , travel and launch their attacks . " Get the latest news from CNN.com	A man living in Portland , Oregon , is accused of giving money to fund a bomb plot in Pakistan n 2009 Reaz Qadir Khan , 48 , funded another man 's training for the attack , a federal indictment said Khan also allegedly sent money to the man 's wife after he died in the bombing , the indictment says
Rolling Stone  -- Bob Dylan will release the ninth volume of his "  Bootleg Series " on October 19 , he has announced , confirming recent rumors . This edition will be the first official collection of the Witmark Demos , 47 songs that Dylan recorded between 1962 and 1964 for his first two publishers , Leeds Music and M. Witmark & Sons . The tracks -- which Dylan performed with only acoustic guitar , harmonica and some piano , all before he was 24 -- include early versions of classics like "  Blowin ' in the Wind , " "  A Hard Rain 's A-Gonna Fall " and "  The Times They Are A-Changin ' , " plus 15 more recorded exclusively for the sessions , including "  Ballad for a Friend , " "  The Death of Emmett Till " and "  Guess I 'm Doing Fine . " The deluxe set will feature a booklet of photos from those sessions and in-depth liner notes by Colin Escott . Also on October 19th , Columbia/Legacy will also release "  Bob Dylan " -- "  The Original Mono Recordings , " which feature Dylan 's first eight LPs newly mastered from their first-generation mono mixes . The set -- which spans 1962 's Bob Dylan through 1968 's "  John Wesley Harding " -- will come as a deluxe box and on 180-gram vinyl , and include a booklet of vintage photographs and an essay by Rolling Stone . The complete tracklist for The Bootleg Series Volume 9 -- The Witmark Demos : Disc 1 : 1 . "  Man On The Street  Fragment  " 2 . "  Hard Times In New York Town " 3 . "  Poor Boy Blues " 4 . "  Ballad For A Friend " 5 . "  Rambling , Gambling Willie " 6 . "  Talking Bear Mountain Picnic Massacre Blues " 7 . "  Standing On The Highway " 8 . "  Man On The Street " 9 . "  Blowin ' In The Wind " 10 . "  Long Ago , Far Away " 11 . "  A Hard Rain 's A-Gonna Fall " 12 . "  Tomorrow Is A Long Time " 13 . "  The Death of Emmett Till " 14 . "  Let Me Die In My Footsteps " 15 . "  Ballad Of Hollis Brown " 16 . "  Quit Your Low Down Ways " 17 . "  Baby , I 'm In The Mood For You " 18 . "  Bound To Lose , Bound To Win " 19 . "  All Over You " 20 . "  I 'd Hate To Be You On That Dreadful Day " 21 . "  Long Time Gone " 22 . "  Talkin ' John Birch Paranoid Blues " 23 . "  Masters Of War " 24 . "  Oxford Town " 25 . "  Farewell " Disc 2 1 . "  Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right " 2 . "  Walkin ' Down The Line " 3 . "  I Shall Be Free " 4 . "  Bob Dylan 's Blues " 5 . "  Bob Dylan 's Dream " 6 . "  Boots Of Spanish Leather " 7 . "  Walls of Red Wing " 8 . "  Girl From The North Country " 9 . "  Seven Curses " 10 . "  Hero Blues " 11 . "  Whatcha Gon na Do ? " 12 . "  Gypsy Lou " 13 . "  Ai n't Gon na Grieve " 14 . "  John Brown " 15 . "  Only A Hobo " 16 . "  When The Ship Comes In " 17 . "  The Times They Are A-Changin " 18 . "  Paths Of Victory " 19 . "  Guess I 'm Doing Fine " 20 . "  Baby Let Me Follow You Down " 21 . "  Mama , You Been On My Mind " 22 . "  Mr. Tambourine Man " 23 . "  I 'll Keep It With Mine " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	This edition will be the first official collection of the Witmark Demos It includes 47 songs that Dylan recorded between 1962 and 1964 Dylan will release the ninth volume of his "  Bootleg Series " on October 19th
CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor was rushed again to the hospital late Saturday , her family said . The ailing actress was taken from her home to UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center , her daughter Francesca Hilton said . She did not provide details . Gabor has suffered major health problems in the last year , including hip replacement surgery and a leg amputation . She has been unable to walk since a 2002 car accident . The Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is famous for her many marriages and strong personality as well as her acting prowess . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " in 1952 , "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 cult classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	Gabor has suffered major health problems in the last year Her daughter does not provide details about the hospitalization
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray defended his appellate lawyer from "  a slew of disparaging remarks " just days before she files the appeal of the doctor 's involuntary manslaughter conviction in Michael Jackson 's death . CNN has obtained sections of that 300-page appeal , including the defense argument that the trial judge erred by not allowing the testimony of Dr. Arnold Klein , a dermatologist the defense contended addicted Jackson to Demerol in his last weeks . Murray 's appeal , which will be filed Monday , also argues that prosecutors never proved Jackson was hooked up to an IV drip of the drug that killed him . The defense theory was that Jackson had administered the fatal dosage himself while the doctor was away . The coroner ruled that Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol in combination with sedatives on June 25 , 2009 . Murray told investigators he used propofol to induce sleep because Jackson was suffering from insomnia . Murray served as Jackson 's personal physician as the pop icon prepared for 50 shows that were to debut in London in July 2009 , but his patient was fighting a battle for sleep between rehearsals . A wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's three children and his mother is set for trial next month . The family accuses concert promoter AEG Live of liability in his death by hiring and supervising the doctor , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in November 2011 . Murray takes a side in lawyer dispute Murray -- during a phone call to CNN Saturday from the Los Angeles County jail where he 's been held since he was sentenced to four years in prison -- said he was "  impelled to stand up for " attorney Valerie Wass , who has been involved in a personal dispute with Murray 's trial lawyer Michael Flanagan . Flanagan was helping Wass , who wrote the appeal , until the two lawyers were involved in a jailhouse argument last January . Flanagan dropped Murray as a client after the incident , but the appeals court later ordered him to respond to requests from Wass for case files , which she said he had withheld . Murray , who witnessed the January incident between his attorneys , issued a strong statement of support for Wass in his call from jail . "  In recent weeks , I became keenly aware that a slew of disparaging remarks and personal information about my appellate attorney , Valerie Wass , were unjustly released to the media and the public , " Murray said . "  Because of this injustice , I am impelled to stand up for this woman , for whom I have the utmost respect and confidence . " Wass completed work on the appeal even though "  with the blink of an eye , all of her promised assistance vanished ; they abandoned ship , " Murray said . Responding to CNN on Sunday , Flanagan said he had no comment . "  Although she needed help , she did not quit , did not jump ship , nor did she succumb to pressure while others abdicated their responsibilities , " he said . "  She held steadfastly to her professional and moral conduct , which was bolstered by her amazing mettle of mind and spirit . " Murray said Wass "  stood up for me amidst a most arduous and challenging series of obstacles , and whose loyalty remains indisputable . It is my belief that she took a personal hit for me , and I want to let her know that I 'll forever be grateful . " Murray 's appeal : Jackson 's Demerol addiction Although Murray could be freed in about seven months , he is seeking to clear his name and get his medical license back by having his conviction overturned on appeal . The appeal contends that Los Angeles Superior Judge Michael Pastor wrongly prevented Murray 's trial lawyers from making their case that Jackson was going through withdrawal from a Demerol addiction the day he died . "  The reason it sought to prove that Jackson was going through Demerol withdrawal on June 25th was to show his state of mind -- specifically , that his resulting physiological and psychological state , along with the pressure he was under from preparing for the upcoming tour , rendered him so desperate for sleep that he would take the extraordinary action of self-administering propofol when he was outside the presence of appellant , " Wass writes . Defense experts testified at the trial that Jackson 's insomnia could have been caused by the withdrawal . The defense wanted Klein and two staff members to testify about Jackson 's 23 visits to their Beverly Hills clinic in the three months before his death , including five in June 2009 . Jackson was given Demerol during those visits , the last time on June 22 , three days before he died . "  Michael Jackson could not sleep because of the Demerol , " the defense said in pretrial arguments . "  Dr. Murray did not know that . But Arnold Klein did . Michael Jackson needed sleep because he was withdrawing and addicted , both addicted and withdrawing from Demerol . That 's important to our defense . In fact , it 's absolutely vital . " Pastor , however , ruled that testimony from Klein and his staff would be a "  distraction and divergence " in the trial . "  The defense was also unable to prove whether Jackson was addicted to Demerol and going through withdrawal at the time he died , because experts in the case articulated they could not reach conclusions based only on reviewing Klein 's records , " Wass writes in the appeal . If Klein or his staff had been allowed to testify at the trial , "  It is reasonably probable that at least one juror on the panel would have found appellant not guilty of involuntary manslaughter , " the appeal argues . "  Accordingly , regardless of the applicable standard of review , appellant 's conviction must be reversed . " Murray 's appeal : No proof of IV drip The prosecution 's theory in the trial was that Murray hooked Jackson up to an unusual makeshift IV drip of propofol and then left him alone to make phone calls in an adjacent room . Murray was criminally negligent because he did not properly monitor his patient who later died from an overdose , they argued . The defense argued that the IV drip only sent saline into Jackson 's leg to hydrate him and that Murray used a syringe to slowly push a safe dose of propofol into Jackson 's blood while he watched him fall asleep . A frustrated Jackson could have awakened while Murray was away and administered the fatal dose himself , the defense said . "  The propofol infusion theory offered by the prosecution 's expert was not supported by the evidence , and in fact , was so absurd , improbable and unbelievable that a rational trier of fact could not have concluded that the evidence was sufficient to establish that appellant had placed Jackson on a propofol drip on the day of his death , " the appeal argues . The prosecution built the IV drip theory based on testimony of one of Jackson 's guards who said he saw a propofol bottle hanging above Jackson 's death bed when he arrived to help revive him . An investigator also found a saline bag with a slit in it , which the prosecution contended was used to hold the bottle on the IV stand . Defense propofol expert Dr. Paul White testified such an IV drip set up was "  befuddling " because a propofol bottle comes with a hanging device . The hanging tab on the bottle was not used , both sides agreed . "  The prosecution concocted the novel and ridiculous method of placing the vial into the bag through the slit , hanging the bottle upside down at an angle using the bag for support , and then hanging the bag from the IV stand , " the appeal argues . A piece of tubing key to the IV drip was never found , but the prosecution suggested Murray could have slipped it into a pocket before leaving the bedroom to ride to the hospital with Jackson . Wass argues that is "  pure speculation , and the absence of evidence of a long IV line with propofol residue is fatal to the prosecution 's theory . " "  If an IV line used in a propofol infusion had been placed in appellant 's pocket , it would have been dripping propofol , and resulted in a messy wet pocket , " the appeal argues . "  Such a result is not reflected in any photograph , testimony , or statement of any witness . " Murray 's appeal : Jackson gave himself fatal dose Michael Jackson got little sleep the morning he died , despite Murray 's bedside efforts using sedatives , according to Murray . "  It is likely that Jackson 's heightened insomnia on June 25th was exacerbated by his surreptitious Demerol addiction and the resultant acute withdrawal syndrome therefrom , " the appeal says . "  Jackson 's last Demerol injection was on June 22nd , less than 72 hours before his death , which could have been a peak period for the occurrence of withdrawal symptoms . " But he did fall asleep at 10:40 a.m after a single dose of propofol , he told investigators . After watching him for 15 minutes , Murray left him alone , the appeal says . "  The evidence is consistent with a scenario in which Jackson quickly self-injected the lethal bolus dose of propofol while appellant was outside the bedroom , " the appeal contends . "  Based on the toxicology results , it appears that the rapid injection lead to cardiac arrest and a quick death . " He may have had access to a bottle of propofol without Murray knowing , the appeal says . "  Jackson was very familiar with propofol , as other doctors had administered propofol to him , " Wass writes . "  It is conceivable that Jackson had obtained a secondary source for the drug , especially because Jackson had been receiving nightly infusions from appellant for the previous two months , and appellant had Sunday nights off . " If Jackson -- not Murray -- administered the final and fatal dose , then it was not the doctor 's fault the patient died , the argument says . Murray 's appeal disputes the prosecution argument that Murray was criminally liable even if Jackson had administered the fatal dose himself because Murray should have known that leaving the drugs near Jackson 's bed posed a risk . The risk was "  not reasonably foreseeable , " it said . The prosecution will have a chance to respond to Murray 's arguments before the California appeals court makes a decision .	Murray calls from jail citing "  injustice " done to appeal lawyer Appeal lawyer Valerie Wass " took a personal hit for me , " Murray tells CNN Murray witnessed Wass and trial lawyer Michael Flanagan argue at the jail Wass will file Murray 's appeal on Monday
CNN  -- A Massachusetts pharmacy linked to a meningitis outbreak says its cleaning contractor should share blame for the apparent mishap that left dozens dead nationwide . The New England Compounding Center sent a letter to UniFirst Corp. demanding it share responsibility for a tainted steroid used to treat pain and inflammation , according to a filing this week with the Securities and Exchange Commission . UniFirst Corp. acknowledged that it provided "  once-a-month cleaning services , " but added that the pharmacy 's claims are "  without merit , " the filing says . Last week , the compounding center announced that it had filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 . The company said that it "  seeks to establish a fund to compensate individuals and families affected " by the outbreak , which has been linked to 39 fatalities among the 656 cases tallied in 19 states . Patients contracted fungal meningitis -- which results in inflammation of the membranes covering the brain and spinal cord -- after their spines were injected with a contaminated , preservative-free steroid called methylprednisolone acetate , health officials have said . According to health agencies , the compounding center did not follow proper sterilization procedures and distributed its products without knowing whether they had passed sterility tests . Owner of firm linked to deadly meningitis outbreak takes Fifth before Congress In addition , it distributed vials containing a steroid that was contaminated with "  visible black particulate matter " later identified as fungus , according to a report from the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy . The contamination problem came to light in the fall , after the first fungal meningitis cases were reported . The New England Compounding Center voluntarily recalled three lots of the steroid in September . In October , the pharmacy board , which is part of the state 's Department of Public Health , said it had "  identified serious deficiencies and significant violations of pharmacy law and regulations that clearly placed the public 's health at risk . " The Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have said they have identified bacterial and/or fungal contamination in unopened vials of some of the compounding center 's products . The U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee 's Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations is looking into what went wrong at the company and why it was allowed to continue to function despite a history of problems . FDA : Problems found at another facility of sister company of pharmacy tied to meningitis Federal authorities have launched a criminal investigation into the practices at the Framingham-based company , and the state pharmacy board has voted to permanently revoke the company 's license to operate as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists . Symptoms of fungal meningitis can include headache , fever , nausea , stiff neck , weakness or numbness anywhere in the body , slurred speech , pain or swelling at the injection site and sensitivity to light , according to the CDC . Treatment , which can have toxic side effects , is expected to continue for infected patients for "  many months , " Dr. John Jernigan told reporters last month . He leads the CDC 's meningitis outbreak clinical team .	The meningitis outbreak has left dozens dead nationwide UniFirst Corp. acknowledged that it provided "  once-a-month cleaning services " It calls the New England Compounding Center 's claims "  without merit , " the filing says
Washington  CNN  -- The battle for control of Congress is entering a final , frantic five-day stretch that favors Republicans but has room for plenty of surprises that could determine which party will run the Senate . The unsettled nature of so many individual contests at this late stage underscores the unpredictability of this election season . And Election Night could turn out to be a nail-biter that continues for days -- or even months . The themes that were expected to dominate this election cycle -- Obamacare and immigration -- are turning out to be duds . Meanwhile , threats posed by Ebola and ISIS -- hardly dinner table conversations a year ago -- are suddenly top issues . And on top of all that , add a mix of 2016 presidential drama as potential contenders barnstorm early voting states to help congressional candidates . The GOP is poised to extend its grip on the House and needs a net gain of six seats to take back the Senate for the first time since 2007 . Republicans are expected to easily take Democratic seats in Montana , South Dakota and West Virginia , leaving them needing just three more seats to build a Senate majority . But getting there could get tricky . North Carolina Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is holding firm in a race many observers thought she would have lost by now , up four points in an Elon University survey over her challenger , Thom Tillis . In Georgia , Democrats believe that Michelle Nunn  $ " one of the emerging stars of this election cycle  $ " could beat Republican David Perdue . If neither candidate gets 50 percent of the vote a run-off election will take place in January . In Kansas , Senator Pat Roberts is still slugging it out against independent candidate Greg Orman and even the man most likely to become majority leader in a Republican Senate , Mitch McConnell , can not take re-election for granted in Kentucky . The loss of any of that trio would complicate Republican hopes in the Senate . Still , there are other pickup opportunities for Republicans . In Colorado , Democratic Sen. Mark Udall seemed to be in good shape just a few months ago . But now he 's down by seven points to Republican challenger Cory Gardner in a Thursday Quinnipiac University survey . The Denver Post had the race closer  $ " with Gardner up two percent . In New Hampshire , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen is in a very tight race with former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown . Meanwhile , Arkansas Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor , fighting an uphill battle in an increasingly red state , was down between 13 and seven points to challenger Tom Cotton in two recent surveys . Other key states where Republicans have a good chance of picking up seats include Louisiana , Alaska and Iowa . Though the 2014 race is n't even wrapped up yet , the next election in 2016 is already unfolding as potential presidential candidates stump in key early voting states . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced plans to blitz 19 states before Election Day , including Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , which will play outsized roles in the presidential campaign . Jeb Bush , meanwhile , made waves by jabbing Hillary Clinton over her attitude towards business . On the Democratic side , Clinton , who increasingly appears to be waging an undeclared presidential campaign , tracked through Iowa this week -- the state that did most to doom her 2008 White House bid . Obama remained a sideshow , with his low approval rating making him unwanted by Democrats in swing states . So , he has been largely confined to raising millions of dollars for Democratic Party coffers , or stumping for candidates in liberal territory . On Thursday , Obama was headed to Portland , Maine , to campaign for Rep. Mike Michaud who is seeking to unseat Republican incumbent Paul LePage in a tight governor 's race . CNN 's Ashley Killough , Dan Merica and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this story	The battle for the Senate is unsettled heading into the final days of campaigning Themes that were expected to dominate the cycle have n't resonated Political climate still favors Republicans
CNN  -- The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC , said Sunday it will free its remaining 10 government hostages and stop kidnapping civilians for money . It did not address the fate of its civilian captives , nor did the group renounce kidnapping for political purposes . Calling its police and military hostages "  prisoners of war , " FARC vowed in a statement published on its website to continue its fight against the state . The leftist rebels have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . "  We are very happy for the 10 hostages who will be released and their families , " Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos wrote on Twitter soon after the announcement . He recognized FARC 's decision to renounce kidnapping as an "  important and necessary step , " but said it did n't go far enough . In December , the FARC announced the planned release of six national police officers : Luis Alfonso Beltran , Cesar Augusto Laso , Carlos Jose Duarte , Jorge Trujillo , Jorge Humberto Romero and Jose Libardo Forero . Need to buy a cow ? Turn to FARC It later postponed their release because of an alleged militarization in the area where the rebels operate . Those six officers and four more hostages will now be freed , FARC said . Details as to when and where were not immediately available . CNN 's Luis Carlos Velez contributed to this report .	NEW : The leftist rebels say they will stop kidnapping civilians for money The Colombian president cheers news of the expected release The FARC has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Ariel Sigler is the latest of 21 Cuban political prisoners to fly into exile after being freed from jail in Cuba . Gaunt , and confined to a wheelchair , the former boxer received a hero 's welcome in Miami . Later at a hospital , he talked about his release . "  The first dish that I was able to taste with great delight was the dish of freedom , the dish of democracy , the dish of my second country that has received me as if I was another one of its children , " Sigler said . Cuba has agreed to release a total of 52 political prisoners by-mid November as part of a deal with the Catholic Church and Spain . International pressure to free them grew when one prisoner died earlier this year after an 84-day hunger strike . But the Cuban government has also ratcheted up its own campaign . It is denouncing the imprisonment of five Cuban agents held in the United States since 1998 . They 're convicted of spying in the United States . In Cuba , they 're considered heroes , fighting to protect the homeland from extremists in Miami . Over the weekend , Cuba 's National Assembly accused the U.S. of putting one of the agents , Gerardo Hernandez , in what assembly members called an "  isolation hole " even though he was ill . The National Assembly signed a petition calling the conditions of Hernandez 's current confinement "  so harsh that his health and physical integrity are being seriously affected . " U.S. officials could not be reached immediately for comment . Hernandez 's wife recalled Cuban President Raul Castro 's offer of a gesture for a gesture . "  Our president was very clear , " she said . "  We were waiting for the U.S. to free the five and we would hand over the prisoners we have in Cuba , even with their relatives . Cuba has complied with its gesture . " However , there are no indications that any talks about a tradeoff are underway between Havana and Washington . But some Cuban officials have pointed to the recent swap of Russian and American spies as evidence that there may be a possibility .	Cuba has freed 21 of 52 political prisoners from jail Cuban officials are pressuring the United States to free five Cuban agents The five agents have been held in the United States since 1998 There are no indications that a swap will take place
Uruguayan lawmakers have approved a same-sex marriage measure , leaving just one more key step -- the president 's signature -- before such couples can wed in the South American country . A marriage equality bill passed the lower house Wednesday , with 71 of 92 lawmakers supporting the measure . The house approved a different version of the measure in December . Last week , Uruguay 's senate approved the bill in a 23-8 vote . If signed by President Jose Mujica , who has indicated he supports the measure , the proposal would make Uruguay the second country in Latin America to legalize same-sex marriage and the 12th country in the world to do so . Neighboring Argentina legalized such marriages in 2010 . In Argentina , the push to legalize same-sex marriage met with fierce opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , with Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio -- then the archbishop of Buenos Aires and now Pope Francis -- engaging in a notorious war of words with the government over the issue . In Uruguay , the church has taken a similar tack , with officials describing the measure as a harsh blow to the institutions of marriage and the family . "  Why make relative or devalue an institution that is already so injured , like the family , introducing deep modifications that are going to confuse more than clarify ? " the Rev. Pablo Galimberti , bishop of Salto , wrote in a recent post on the website of the Uruguayan Bishops Council . Uruguay 's Broad Front , a coalition of left-wing political parties , backs the measure . Last week , the group 's president stressed that the proposed law changes a civil institution and has nothing to do with the church . "  Here we are speaking about RIGHTS , with capital letters . Rights that were denied and repressed for a long time , and which a society that is trying to be modern and inclusive necessarily must recognize , to advance in equality , " wrote Sen. Monica Xavier . "  Rights that are inherent to people , that are not a legislative creation , but something that the law must recognize . " Same-sex marriage has sparked debate and impassioned demonstrations from supporters and opponents in many countries . Legislators in France and the United Kingdom are among lawmakers worldwide weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . In the United States , the question of same-sex marriage went before the Supreme Court last month , and justices are now deliberating the matter . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 . Since then , almost a dozen countries have passed laws allowing same-sex marriages and domestic partnerships , including Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . In 2009 , Uruguay was the first Latin American country to allow same-sex couples to adopt children . It was also one the first Latin American countries to allow same-sex civil unions . The measure approved by Uruguayan lawmakers Wednesday removes the words "  man " and "  woman " from the country 's civil code and replaces them with the word "  spouse , " CNN affiliate Teledoce reported .	The measure must be signed by Uruguay 's president If approved , Uruguay will become the second Latin American country to legalize same-sex marriage The Catholic Church has vocally opposed the measure Backers say it 's a matter of recognizing inherent human rights
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nine technicians responsible for monitoring operations at a Louisiana nuclear power plant spent on-duty time surfing the Internet -- visiting websites that included news , sports , fishing and retirement information -- jeopardizing the safety of the plant , federal regulators say . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission disclosed the web-surfing activities Monday in a letter that proposes a $ 140,000 fine against the River Bend nuclear power station , 24 miles northwest of Baton Rouge . No pornography sites were accessed , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said . And importantly , the NRC said , the computer use did not present an avenue for hackers to gain access to reactor control systems , a modern-day fear at industrial plants . But the NRC said the web-surfing control room operators were directly responsible for monitoring the reactor and other plant systems , and that their actions violated plant procedures requiring operators to remain attentive and focused on their work . According to an NRC investigation , nine operators "  deliberately violated " the safety procedures by surfing the web between January and April of 2010 . Three of the nine did so with such frequency and duration that they are being issued "  severity level three enforcement violations . "  Severity level one represents the greatest significant violation and severity level four is the lowest .  The remaining six operators will receive severity level four violations . The operators were not named by the NRC . An NRC spokesman said the proposed fine for web surfing is the only such action for web surfing in memory , and may be the only such action in the history of the agency . In a notice to Entergy Operations Inc. , operators of the River Bend Station , the NRC said that it appears that operators "  remained attentive to reactor operations , indications , and alarms " while surfing the Internet . "  However , because most of the operators involved knew and understood " the prohibitions on Internet access , they exhibited "  deliberate misconduct " and engaged in "  hundreds of instances " of accessing the Internet from the "  at-the-controls " area of the control room . "  This violation is a serious concern to the NRC not only because accessing the Internet ... has the potential to distract the licensed operator , " the NRC said , but also because of the "  large number of licensed reactor operators " who deliberately chose to ignore the ban . The NRC chastised the plant , saying that while River Bend Station "  had strong evidence that a safety culture problem existed , " comprehensive actions were not taken for "  at least a year . " NRC regional administrator Elmo Collins said in the letter that River Bend 's "  particularly poor performance " in responding to the problem merited doubling the base fine of $ 70,000 to $ 140,000 . If Entergy Operations disagrees with the enforcement action and proposed fine , the company can request a neutral mediator to explore a resolution , according to the NRC . Entergy Operations Inc. did not immediately respond to a call . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NRC wants to fine operators of Louisiana nuclear plant $ 140,000 Nine technicians spent on-duty time surfing the Internet , the NRC says NRC : "  Accessing the Internet ... has the potential to distract the licensed operator " The plant 's parent company did not immediately respond to a call
Financial Times  -- Japanese carmakers appear to be suffering significant sales declines in China over a flare-up over disputed islands in the East China Sea , after Mazda reported that sales in the country fell 35 per cent year on year in September . Mazda is the first Japanese automaker to report China sales data since violent anti-Japanese protests erupted in Chinese cities last month over the Senkaku islands -- a small chain of islets controlled by Japan but claimed by China . The September data give shape to reports that Chinese consumers are shunning Japanese cars and other products in response to the territorial conflict , which has aroused nationalist passions on both sides . Thousands of Chinese and Japanese tourists have cancelled trips to each other 's countries . Chinese customs officials are also reported to be holding up imports of Japanese electronics components , chemicals and other goods at Chinese ports . Cars are a particularly visible symbol of Japan 's economic presence in China . In an incident that has come to symbolise the public rage unleashed by the dispute over the Senkaku islands -- which China calls the Diaoyu -- a Chinese man in Xi'an was severely beaten by a mob that discovered him driving a Toyota Corolla . Mazda is Japan 's fifth-largest carmaker and has a relatively small presence in China . But analysts say its problems are shared by other Japanese groups . Toyota was already cutting back production of cars and trucks for the Chinese market in the expectation of lower demand and others may follow suit . Many Japanese manufacturers shut down factories in China for several days during the worst of the protests in mid-September . Goldman Sachs estimates that sales of Japanese-brand cars in China will be 40 per cent lower in the six weeks to the end of October than the same period last year . September and October are the most important months for car sales in China , heightening the impact on production and profits . "  China has become a second source of earnings for the Japan auto industry after the US and anti-Japan sentiment there poses serious near-term damage to sales , " Kota Yuzawa , a Tokyo-based analyst at Goldman , said in a recent report that looked at the impact on Toyota , Nissan and Honda -- Japan 's biggest carmakers . Of the three , Nissan is the most exposed to the Chinese market and will suffer the biggest financial setback , Mr Yuzawa said . He cut his estimate for earnings per share at the company in the fiscal year to March by 9.5 per cent , to Y97 .3 , compared with reductions of 6.2 per cent for Honda and 2.4 per cent for Toyota . Mazda said it sold 13,258 vehicles in the country during the month . Nissan , Honda and Toyota are expected to report September China sales figures next week . Japanese carmakers were already on the defensive in China , a market whose blistering growth in recent years has made it a strategic priority for rival European , US and Korean brands . Supply disruptions caused by the 2011 earthquake compounded already existing issues of declining competitiveness , say auto analysts in China . LMC Automotive , a market research firm in Shanghai , estimates the collective share held by Japanese carmakers has shrunk almost four percentage points since 2009 to 22.8 per cent . European , American and even Korean carmakers have introduced new models that have captured the imagination of Chinese car buyers , while Japanese auto companies have stuck to models that are viewed as tired and even boring by mainland consumers . Lack of innovative new models has become an increasingly serious problem as the Chinese market has slowed from growth rates as high as 45 per cent per year , down to single-digits . This has led to cut-throat competition in China 's crowded car market , which boasts as many as 100 carmakers . Additional reporting by Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai  The Financial Times Limited 2012	Japanese carmakers appear to be suffering significant sales declines in China Mazda reported that sales in the country fell 35 % year on year in September First automaker to report China sales data since violent anti-Japanese protests
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's longtime legal mentor and current administration adviser has admitted privately telling him that Justice Sonia Sotomayor was "  not nearly as smart as she seems to think she is . " Constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe 's comment was in a letter to Obama in May 2009 , when Sotomayor was being considered for the Supreme Court appointment that later came to her . Tribe "  bluntly " suggested Sotomayor would have a "  negative impact " on the court because her "  reputation as something of a bully " -- on her previous appeals court seat -- "  could well make her liberal impulses backfire . " As a result , he concluded in his letter , the Bronx native would have little influence to move the court away from its current conservative majority , led by Chief Justice John Roberts . Tribe also managed to criticize three sitting justices and offer negative comments on top finalists being considered at the time for the high court seat . The confidential letter was obtained and revealed Thursday by conservative legal activist Ed Whelan , who writes the Bench Memos blog for National Review Online . Tribe then confirmed the contents . Tribe , who was an influential professor at Harvard Law School , made clear the purpose of his letter -- written on Harvard stationary -- was to promote the candidacy of Elena Kagan , who had been Tribe 's boss as dean at the law school . "  I ca n't think of anyone nearly as strong as Elena Kagan , whose combination of intellectual brilliance and political skill would make her a ten-strike , " wrote Tribe , making a bowling reference . The president ultimately rejected Tribe 's advice , choosing Sotomayor three weeks after the letter was written . Sotomayor , the first Hispanic justice , is beginning her second year on the high court after replacing the retired David Souter . Kagan was nominated in May of this year to take the Supreme Court seat of John Paul Stevens . It is not known what specific influence Tribe had on persuading the White House to choose her . The two are longtime friends , beginning when Kagan was a research assistant for the professor in the mid-1980s . Both left Harvard last year to take jobs in the Obama Justice Department -- Kagan as solicitor general and Tribe as a special adviser . Roberts also has a connection to Tribe ; he was a former student of the professor . Sources close to the selection process have said Tribe was intimately , if indirectly , involved in screening candidates for the 2009 and 2010 high court vacancies . He had been a longtime booster of Kagan , so his comments in the letter are not surprising . What is unusual is the candid , often dismissive remarks he offered for various other candidates , and the fact the 69-year-old academic chose to put it all in writing . In a statement e-mailed late Thursday , Tribe sought to clarify his earlier critiques . "  Reservations I expressed about Justice Sotomayor prior to her appointment were amply refuted by the closer study I was later able to give her record and that have been fully negated by her performance as a justice , " Tribe said . On Chicago-based federal appeals Judge Diane Wood , who administration sources have said came very close to being chosen over Kagan -- Tribe said she was "  more powerful intellectually than Sonia Sotomayor or any of the others mentioned as plausible prospects at the moment with the sole exception of Kagan . " But he said Wood at age 60 was a decade older than Kagan and lacked a "  dynamic personality or the extraordinary diplomatic gifts for inspiring confidence " that he believed Kagan possessed . The professor said Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm would be a "  dramatic appointment , " despite having no judicial experience and being born in Canada . And Kathleen Sullivan , former dean at Stanford Law School and a private attorney , "  might be worth fighting for , " he said . Tribe also found room to praise the retiring Souter , and offered his analysis of the current court , which he said was dominated by Justice Anthony Kennedy , who often is the deciding , "  swing " vote in key cases . Tribe said Kennedy is "  formalistic " in his legal thinking , and he tweaked Justice Antonin Scalia 's conservative doctrine . The most blunt criticism was aimed at left-leaning Justice Stephen Breyer , whom Tribe said had a pragmatism that was comparatively "  mushy and constrained " in its approach to law and justice . "  I think it 's clear that a Justice Kagan would be a much more formidable match for Justice Scalia than Justice Breyer has been , " Tribe concluded . In his new statement , Tribe said he has "  long held " Breyer and Kennedy in the "  highest regard . " Supreme Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said neither Kagan nor Sotomayor had any response to the controversy . The White House on Friday emphasized the qualifications of both jurists and Obama 's confidence in their service on the bench . Whelan suggested in his blog that Tribe may have promoted Kagan 's candidacy out of loyalty over a 2004 incident when she was his boss at Harvard Law School . Tribe admitted his 1985 book "  God Save This Honorable Court " had lifted large sections verbatim from a similar 1974 work by Henry J. Abraham , without giving proper credit . After an internal investigation , Kagan reprimanded the professor for "  a significant lapse in proper academic practice " but concluded that Tribe 's error was unintentional . He kept his job . Tribe has written other legal books on constitutional issues , and has served as a private appellate attorney on several high-profile cases , including representing Al Gore during the 2000 election dispute . Tribe concluded his 2009 letter to Obama with effusive praise . "  I can hardly contain my enthusiasm at your first hundred days , " he told his former student . "  I continue to hope that I can before too long come to play a more direct role " in the president 's administration . Shortly thereafter , Tribe was made "  senior counselor for access to justice " in the Justice Department , tasked with increasing legal access for the poor . He has called Obama "  the best student I ever had . "	Constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe said Sotomayor could have a "  negative impact " He also was critical of three other justices and some being considered for appointment His comments were in a letter to Obama in May 2009
CNN  -- Police arrested four people Monday in connection with a nightclub fire that killed 231 people in southern Brazil , CNN affiliate BandNews reported . Two are club owners and the other two members of the band that was performing , it said . The detainees will be held initially for five days while authorities investigate Sunday 's blaze in the Kiss nightclub in Santa Maria , according to Marcos Viana , a police official who spoke with state-run Agencia Brasil . The five-day period can be extended for five more days , the news agency said . "  We concluded that it was necessary to hold them prisoner temporarily , because we need their statements to help us clarify the incident , " Viana said , according to Agencia Brasil . Brazil nightclub fire : ` Like a war zone ' with bodies piled Police did not identify those arrested . "  We have much work ahead to clarify what happened and identify those responsible , " Viana said , according to the news agency . Civil police in Santa Maria have questioned 20 other people , it said . The police chief in the province of Rio Grande do Sul said the investigation is to be divided into three parts : "  The first line of inquiry has to do with the documentation : if the property was fit for operation and who the owners are . Are they real , formal owners ? We will review all the documentation . "  The second stage of this investigation is expert analysis , which we will apply . "  And thirdly , important in itself , is the witness testimony . So , starting today , we will focus our efforts to the maximum in order to hear those people who were at the property at the time that it caught fire , at the business establishment . I think we 'll get to the bottom of this investigation and , if possible , will identify those responsible by the time we complete this police investigation . " The governor of Rio Grande do Sul promised that investigators would have all the resources they need to find out who is responsible . "  From the executive office , they will not lack a penny , a document , an action or any other support , so that we can have an inquiry with depth and with the responsibility that it deserves , " Gov. Tarso Genro said . Photos : Hundreds dead in Brazil nightclub fire More than 100 clubgoers were injured in the fire , which authorities say began about 2:30 a.m. Sunday during a band 's pyrotechnic show . Guitarist Rodrigo Lemos Martins of the Gurizada Fandangueira band told the newspaper Folha de S # o Paulo that the fire ignited one song after the band had used fireworks in the show . But he said it was not clear what may have caused the fire . "  There were many wires on the ceiling , and there could have been a short circuit , " he said . Many apparently died from smoke inhalation ; others were trampled in the rush for the exits . Mayara Peirera , a 21-year-old law student who was celebrating her birthday at the club , told CNN she escaped with a friend through a nearby door . When she turned to look back , "  I saw people bleeding , fainting , running over other people . People desperate , screaming . And it was then I realized what was going on , " Peirera said . But two friends -- "  almost sisters to me " -- did n't make it out , she said . "  I thank God because in one way or another , I got a birthday gift -- my life , " she said . "  I was born again , but I 'm very sad and hurt because I lost my best friends . I can no longer cry , because I have already cried so much . " And Michele Pereira told Folha de S # o Paulo that her friend , 23-year-old Leandra Toniolo , was in the bathroom when the fire began . How to protect yourself in a crowd "  I was on the opposite side , near the stage , " Pereira said . "  I would have had to go all the way across the arena -- against the mayhem -- to find her , and in the tumult , it was impossible , " she said . "  It was terrible , a scene from a horror film . ... There were fallen bodies throughout on the ground , many people who had fainted , many crying and trying to breathe with all that smoke . " By the time Toniolo 's mother found her daughter 's body , it had been placed with others in a truck , Pereira said . The nightclub owners have pledged to cooperate with the investigation , according to a statement released by the law firm of Kummel & Kummel . "  We are open to all authorities and inspections , " said the statement , obtained by Globo TV . The club 's license had expired in August and had not been renewed , a local fire official told Globo TV . The owners , however , said the nightclub was properly permitted and had been inspected by the fire marshal . Opinion : We have n't learned from past mistakes The city 's mayor , Cezar Schirmer , said the fire department "  has always done a very strict surveillance on the homes of shows and dealt with all other issues that relate to security of these places . " On Monday , the first of Brazil 's three days of mourning , flowers were left outside the club in tribute to the victims , and a flag outside the country 's presidential palace flew at half-staff . In Santa Maria , mourners lined up in a series of funeral processions , and coffins were lined up in a gymnasium that authorities had turned into a morgue . By noon , 40 of 110 funerals planned for the day had been held at the city 's municipal cemetery , its chief of staff told Band News . At one funeral , air force troops fired rifles in tribute to a comrade who died in Sunday 's fire . At another , two teenage brothers , the only children in one family , were buried side by side . Of the people who were hurt , 82 were still in area hospitals ; 40 were taken four hours east to the city Porto Alegre , BandNews TV reported . The governor of Rio de Janeiro sent 15 mechanical ventilators , Agencia Brasil reported . Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history CNN 's Tom Watkins , Helena Cavendish deMoura , Shasta Darlington and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I saw people bleeding , fainting , running over other people , " survivor says Two club owners and two band members are held in the investigation The blaze killed in the Brazilian city of Santa Maria killed 231 "  I think we will get to the bottom of this investigation , " police chief says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If Manchester United and Liverpool fans are expecting the arrival of superstar players ahead of the new season then they had better think again , as the cost of refinancing debt could significantly curb the club 's spending power according to industry experts . Liverpool co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks took over the club in February 2007 Financial prudence will be the watchword for the majority of the English Premier League in the transfer market as clubs look to consolidate their financial position in a move that could see a shift of power in Europe to Spain 's La Liga . United have received $ 130 million for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid , but the Glazer family owners will not sanction anywhere near that amount for new players according to Professor Rogan Taylor at the University of Liverpool 's Football Industry Group . The Americans ' takeover of the Red Devils placed the club in $ 1,100 m of debt , according to the holding companies ' accounts of 2009 ; a situation that requires careful management . "  The refinancing at Manchester United is structured in a very complex way but ultimately the economic difficulties now mean that there will be a reduction in Alex Ferguson 's transfer budget , " he told CNN . "  Although some of the funds from the Ronaldo transfer will go back into the club 's coffers there will be a tightening of the purse strings which will seriously impact on United 's capacity to go after the top players . "  Certainly , Ferguson would have wanted a top-class replacement for Ronaldo but with the need to keep the debt in order and -- being unable to compete with Real Madrid and Manchester City -- the funds available and the pool of players from which they can sign is a lot smaller . " Liverpool 's situation is even more acute as American co-owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks , through their company Kop Holdings , struggle to secure the finances to fund the club 's proposed new stadium . A deal to refinance their $ 570m Royal Bank of Scotland loan appears to have been secured , but the long-term sustainability of the idea used to purchase Liverpool is serious under question . Will Liverpool and Manchester United splash the cash in the transfer market despite the financial problems ? Who would you like to see them sign ? Let us know your comments in the ` Sound off ' box below . Professor Taylor added : "  The whole model on which Hicks and Gillett bought Liverpool is flawed and Rafael Benitez may have to sell Javier Mascherano or Xabi Alonso before he can go out and spend during the close season . "  Even then there is no certainty he will get the whole amount from the sale of either of those players back in the transfer kitty so it promises to be a difficult period for Liverpool as obviously expectation has been raised following last season 's second-place finish . "  The need to refinance the debt remains key to the American owners remaining in control of the club so that will be their priority -- at the expense of matters on the pitch . " Jon Keen deputy chairman of the Football Supporters Federation , and an expert in the field of club governance and ownership , admitted the situation at both clubs will stir up further resentment among fans towards their owners . "  The current refinancing situation in the top-flight is like a financial house cards which could come crashing down at any time , " he told CNN . "  We have already seen a situation unravel with the banking system which has angered a lot of people and something similar could well happen with football in the near future . "  Ultimately fans want to see money raised from sales of players either put back into the transfer pot or levied against their own costs of attending matches , not simply servicing huge amounts of debt as is the case with Manchester United and Liverpool at the moment . "  There needs to be a reality check about the way these clubs are operating . Certainly , I think the current economic climate will drastically reduce the spending power of clubs in the Premier League with the exception perhaps of Manchester City . " Of course , this contrasts with Spain 's Real Madrid who have recently splashed almost $ 300m on Ronaldo , Kaka and Karim Benzema -- and are not finished yet if president Florentino Perez is to be believed . The construction magnate and his powerful board are able to wield influence with banks and allow Real to secure credit on favorable terms which , combined with a lucrative domestic television rights deal , puts them in a stronger financial position . Ultimately this appears to have precipitated a shift away from the English Premier League to La Liga for the world 's best players as Spain becomes the preferred destination of choice . Whether Real can convert this into a challenge to the recent English domination of the UEFA Champions League on the pitch remains to be seen .	Refinancing has left Manchester United and Liverpool short of transfer funds An new era of Premier League prudence reigns according to finance experts Real Madrid have spent $ 300 million on Ronaldo , Kaka and Benezma Spanish clubs present serious challenge to English domination in Europe
CNN  -- British rower Katherine Grainger ended her 12-year wait for Olympic glory after winning gold in the women 's double sculls on Friday . The 36-year-old Scot , partnered by Anna Watkins , punched the air in delight after exorcising the demons of Sydney , Athens and Beijing . Grainger , who had suffered the agony of being made to settle for silver twice in quadruple sculls and once in the coxless pair , had targeted London 2012 as her final chance of success on the big stage . "  I am a bride at last , " she told reporters . "  I did seriously consider what I would do after Beijing . For anyone who was there , Beijing was a really tough result and I wanted to make sure I continued for the right reasons . "  As soon as I made the decision , there was never a doubt . I have had three fantastic years . " The British duo were huge favorites for the race and did not disappoint , powering their way to an incredible 23rd consecutive victory . Watkins , who won a bronze in Beijing in 2008 , teamed up with Grainger just two years ago . Since then , the British team have been unbeatable , winning two World Championship titles as well as all three World Cups in 2012 . "  Just before halfway I knew we had won it , " said 29-year-old Watkins . "  With the crowd there was no way anything was going to go wrong . We had time to enjoy it , which is more than you can dream of . " Their success makes them just the third and fourth British women to win rowing gold at any Olympics , following Thursday 's triumph by Helen Glover and Heather Stanning in the women 's pair . Wiggins makes history as Britain wins first golds at London 2012 Kim Crowe and Brooke Pratley took silver for Australia with Poland 's Magdalena Fularczyk and Julia Michalska grabbing bronze . Meanwhile , New Zealand enjoyed a glorious day on the water at Eton Dorney after claiming gold in both the men 's pair and single sculls . New Zealand duo Eric Murray and Hamish Bond maintained their three-year unbeaten record after tearing through the field . France 's Germain Chardin and Dorian Mortelette claimed silver with British duo George Nash and Will Satch taking bronze . New Zealand 's Beijing bronze medalist Mahe Drysdale triumphed in the men 's single sculls after coming home ahead of the Czech Republic 's 2008 runnerup Ondrej Synek and Great Britain 's Alan Campbell . Defending champion Olaf Tufte of Norway could only manage third in the "  B " final . In the men 's quadruple sculls final , world champions Australia were forced to settle for bronze with Germany taking the Olympic title ahead of Croatia . The German crew of Karl Schulze , Lauritz Schoof , Phillipp Wende and Tim Grohmann led from start to finish to win in a time of 5 minutes , 42.48 seconds . Poland , who won the 2008 gold , finished last .	Katherine Grainger wins first gold after claiming silver in previous three Olympics Eric Murray and Hamish Bond power to victory in men 's pairs for New Zealand Fellow Kiwi Mahe Drysdale clinches gold in men 's single sculls Germany ease to victory in men 's quadruple sculls from Croatia and Australia
Borno , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria will proceed with national gubernatorial elections Tuesday , despite continuing violence that has raised fears that an Islamist group will step up attacks against voters . Bomb blasts Monday in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno killed three people and wounded dozens , police said . In one of three blasts , a bomb thrown from a motorcycle on which two young men were riding detonated , resulting in the three fatalities , said Michael Zukoma , police commissioner for Borno state . Nigerian police told CNN that Boko Haram , an Islamist sect that has challenged Nigeria 's government , is responsible for the attacks , which they described as an attempt to intimidate voters who this month re-elected President Goodluck Jonathan , an Ijaw Christian from the south . The explosions occurred a day after the Nigerian Red Cross reported that rural villages had held mass burials in northern Nigeria . Witnesses say that violence in the wake of Jonathan 's election has resulted in hundreds of deaths , though there is no official death toll . The government has provided few details . This month 's election of Jonathan , who is from the majority-Christian southern part of the country , sparked violence in the Muslim-dominated north last week . Concerns about ongoing violence led Nigerian election officials last week to delay the planned gubernatorial elections in two of Nigeria 's 36 states . Voters in Kaduna and Bauchi states will go to the polls Thursday . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged . Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition front-runner . The last election , four years ago , was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . While this month 's presidential election was marred by violence , reports of underage voting and logistical problems , observers said they considered it an improvement . After he was declared the victor , Jonathan warned that persistent post-election violence could threaten the stability of the country . "  These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war , " Jonathan said last week . Jonathan was referring to a period of unrest in the 1960s that spawned a civil war in Nigeria . Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil producer and its most populous nation , with 150 million people .	A bomb blast on Monday kills 3 people President Goodluck Jonathan calls for peace Police blame Boko Haram , an Islamist sect , for the attacks Northern Muslims in some areas charge the presidential election was rigged
RealSimple.com  -- Overwashing , overapplying , and product overkill wo n't improve your skin . Rein in your regimen to get real results . Want beautiful skin like model Megan Gale ? Do n't overdo it , experts say . Cleansing and exfoliating You do n't need to wash or scrub as often -- or as vigorously -- as you may think . "  Many women go overboard here , figuring it will make their skin look better if they do both more frequently , " says dermatologist Leslie Baumann . "  But that only damages the skin 's natural barrier and creates dryness and irritation . " Combination skin How often : Wash your face twice a day , and gently exfoliate once or twice a week ; this is enough to keep skin balanced and encourage cell turnover , according to experts . What to look for : A mild cleanser that is n't too rich or too drying , says Mary Lupo , a dermatologist in New Orleans , Louisiana . Use an exfoliant that contains gentle particles or acids to remove dead cells without abrading your skin . Where to find it : Cleanser -- Purpose Gentle Cleansing Wash , $ 6 at drugstores . Exfoliant -- St. Ives Elements Microdermabrasion Scrub , $ 7 at drugstores . Dry skin How often : Cleanse skin at night , when it 's dirtiest . Rinse with cool water in the morning to help maintain natural oils . If skin is flaky , exfoliate once a week , says Lisa Donofrio , a professor of dermatology at Yale University . What to look for : A cleansing oil or creamy wash that has moisturizing ingredients , such as glycerin . If you have sensitive skin to boot , avoid products that contain fragrances or alcohol , which can irritate . Where to find it : Cleanser -- Laura Mercier Purifying Oil , $ 40 , www.sephora.com ; or CeraVe Hydrating Cleanser , $ 11.50 at drugstores . Exfoliant -- Your safest bet is to use a wet washcloth . Oily/acne-prone skin How often : Lather up two to three times a day  as needed  but never more ; overwashing kicks oil glands into overproduction . Exfoliate once or twice a week , but skip this if you have acne ; the friction can make it worse . What to look for : An oil-free , non-comedogenic foaming cleanser that contains salicylic acid or benzoyl peroxide to prevent breakouts . The scrub should contain mild acids to keep the pores open and clean . Where to find it : Cleanser -- Aveeno Clear Complexion Foaming Cleanser , $ 7 at drugstores . Exfoliant -- Bior Pore Unclogging Scrub , $ 6 at drugstores . Sensitive skin How often : Wash once a day if your skin is irritated by nearly everything or if you have eczema or psoriasis ; twice a day if your skin is dirty . Forget about exfoliating , as it 's too abrasive for your skin type . What to look for : Hypoallergenic and fragrance - and soap-free cleansers . Calming ingredients , like green tea , chamomile , feverfew , and aloe , are a bonus . As a general rule , the fewer ingredients in a product , the better . Where to find it : Cleanser -- La Roche-Posay Toleriane Dermo-Cleanser  $ 19.50 , www.laroche-posay.com  . Apply with your fingers . "  Think of the way you 'd touch a newborn , " says Barbara Reed , a Denver , Colorado , dermatologist . Portion control  Use a quarter-size amount of cleanser on most skin types .  A dime-size dollop of scrub will do .  A pea-size dab of cleanser is plenty for sensitive skin . Real Simple : Best facial cleansers Moisturizing and protecting No matter what your skin type , moisture is important . "  If your skin is n't hydrated , it ca n't protect itself from the free radicals that cause damage , discoloration , and wrinkles , " says dermatologist Leslie Baumann . Year-round daily sun protection is also a must . Fortunately there are moisturizers with SPF available for every complexion . Combination skin How often : Each morning , apply moisturizer with SPF after cleansing your skin . Reapply if you 're spending more than 30 minutes outside , as sun-screens break down in sunlight over time . What to look for : A medium-weight lotion with skin-protective antioxidants , such as green tea , coenzyme Q10 , and vitamin C , and broad-spectrum sun protection with an SPF of 15 or higher . Where to find it : L'Oral Paris Revitalift UV Daily Moisturizing Cream with Mexoryl SX SPF 15 , $ 22 at drugstores ; or Clinique Super-defense SPF 25 Age Defense Moisturizer Dry Combination , $ 43 , www.clinique.com . Dry skin How often : To help seal in water , apply moisturizer with SPF once a day , right after cleansing , while your skin is still damp . Reapply at midday if your skin begins to feel tight , and use a cream at night . What to look for : A rich cream that contains antioxidants , plus hyaluronic acid , glycerin , or ceramides . "  Hyaluronic acid and glycerin bind in moisture , and ceramides prevent water loss from the skin , " says Donofrio . Where to find it : Dove Pro Age Day Moisturizer SPF 15 , $ 14 at drugstores ; or Cetaphil Daily Facial Moisturizer SPF 15 , $ 10.50 at drugstores . Oily/acne-prone skin How often : Moisturize every morning . Oily skin needs the right type of moisture and lightweight , non-comedogenic sun protection . Reapply as needed , since blotting away shine can remove sunscreen . What to look for : An oil-free , featherweight lotion , serum , or gel with antioxidants . If you 're acne-prone , avoid products with cocoa butter , cinnamon , or coconut oil , as they can trigger breakouts , says Baumann . Where to find it : DDF Ultra-Lite Oil-Free Moisturizing Dew SPF 15 , $ 38 , www.ddfskincare.com ; or Clean & Clear Soft Oil-Free Day Moisturizer SPF 15 , $ 8.50 at drugstores . Sensitive skin How often : In the morning , apply moisturizer to skin that has been dabbed dry . Ingredients penetrate wet skin more deeply , which is often a good thing , but this can irritate sensitive skin . What to look for : Fragrance-free lotions or creams that contain anti-inflammatories , such as chamomile , green tea , feverfew , and caffeine . Avoid lipoic acid , as it can be irritating . Where to find it : Eucerin Redness Relief Soothing Moisture Lotion SPF 15 , $ 14 at drugstores ; or Dermalogica Super Sensitive Faceblock SPF 30 , $ 45 , www.dermalogica.com for locations . Portion control Use a nickel-to quarter-size amount of moisturizer with SPF for face coverage . Real Simple : Seventeen affordable moisturizers Treating and troubleshooting Nighttime is best for targeting fine lines , blemishes , and discoloration . That 's when the skin repairs itself , and the sun is n't around to degrade the active ingredients in the treatments . Careful and consistent use of effective products  most also provide moisture  will gradually yield great results . Combination skin To keep it smooth : Four nights a week , use a cream with retinol , a potent , tried-and-true wrinkle reducer . Try : Philosophy Help Me Retinol Night Treatment , $ 45 , www.philosophy.com . To clear it up : Use a 5 percent benzoyl peroxide or 2 percent salicylic acid gel nightly . Try : B. Kamins Medicated Acne Gel 5 , $ 26 , www.bkamins.com ; or Neutrogena Rapid Clear Acne Eliminating Gel , $ 8 at drugstores . To even tone : Retinol evens tone , but for darker spots , at night use a formula that also has skin-lightening licorice , kojic acid , soy , or vitamin C. Try : RoC Multi-Correxion Night Treatment , $ 25 at drugstores . Dry skin To keep it smooth : As dry skin can be sensitive , apply gentle retinols every other night with a moisturizer . Try : Avne Rtrinal Cream .05 , $ 56 , www.skincarerx.com . Other nights , just moisturize . To clear it up : Heal blemishes using a moisturizing 2 percent salicylic acid treatment or a sulfur-based salve once or twice a week . Try : AcneWorx Gentle Moisturizing Clear Acne Treatment Gel , $ 20 , www.amazon.com . To even tone : Slather on a rich cream that contains skin-brightening ingredients , like coffeeberry extract , each night . Try : RevalSkin Night Cream , $ 99 , www.skincarerx.com . Oily/acne-prone skin To keep it smooth : Nightly use of a retinol gel or serum softens fine lines  skip it on nights you treat blemishes , as below  . Try : Replenix Retinol Plus Smoothing Serum 3X , $ 56 , www.skincarerx.com . To clear it up : Oily skin can take a 5 or 10 percent benzoyl peroxide gel twice a day , says Sonia Badreshia-Bansal , a dermatologist in Danville , California . Try : Clean & Clear Persa-Gel 10 , $ 5 at drugstores . To even tone : Each night smooth a thin layer of a lightweight vitamin C serum over your face to gradually lighten any discoloration . Try : Avon Anew Alternative Clearly C 10 % Vitamin C Serum , $ 20 , www.avon.com . Sensitive skin To keep it smooth : Every third night , apply a mild retinol  see dry skin  . Or use peptides nightly on lines . Try : Olay Regenerist Night Recovery Moisturizing Treatment , $ 18 at drugstores . To clear it up : Treat blemishes with a 2 percent salicylic acid treatment and follow with moisturizer . Try : Exuviance Blemish Treatment Gel , $ 16 , www.exuviance.com . Avoid benzoyl peroxide , which can be irritating . To even tone : Consider a nightly application of a lotion with a gentle lightener , like a niacin derivative or vitamin C. Try : NIA 24 Intensive Recovery Complex , $ 110 , www.skincarerx.com . Portion control  A pea-size amount of a retinol cream is adequate .  A dime-size dollop of a skin brightener or moisturizer will do the trick .  A sunflower seed -- size dot of an acne salve is all your spots require . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Overwashing , overapplying and product overkill wo n't improve your skin Which of these regimens should you be using for your type of skin ? Dry skin types should apply moisturizer with SPF once a day Sensitive skin should only apply a mild retinol every third night to fight aging
New York  CNN  -- A New York state lawmaker said Monday he 's sorry if he offended anyone by dressing in blackface for a Purim party , but a colleague says his apology does n't go far enough . Assemblyman Dov Hikind wore an Afro wig , an orange jersey and had his face painted brown by a professional makeup artist for a weekend party celebrating the Jewish holiday at his home . He told The New York Times that he was supposed to be "  a black basketball player . " The Brooklyn Democrat initially tried to dismiss complaints about his costume as "  political correctness to the absurd , " but reversed himself by Monday afternoon in the face of mounting criticism . "  Anyone who was offended , I am sorry that they were offended , " Hikind told reporters at a news conference . "  That was not the intention , and that is really all I can say . I just have to reiterate it was Purim . Purim is when people get dressed up . " But Hikind 's fellow Brooklyn Democrat , Assemblyman Karim Camara , said the costume was "  callous and repugnant . " "  I do n't think what he has said so far is sufficient , " Camara told CNN . "  It is a beginning , but we need to have a dialogue with him . " He said the use of blackface "  brings back the memories of African-Americans being reduced to buffoonery just to gain access to the entertainment industry . " And Kenneth Jacobson , deputy national director of the Anti-Defamation League , told CNN that Hikind "  did n't take into account the history and context of what this is all about . " "  That is the most disturbing part -- what he failed to think , " Jacobson said . Earlier this month , Hikind criticized another public figure for a questionable outfit . During New York Fashion Week , designer John Galliano was photographed in a dress that Hikind said made Galliano look like "  one of the Hasidic people I represent . " Galliano was convicted of making anti-Semitic comments in a Paris cafe in 2011 , a crime under French law . "  There are many Hasidic groups . Not all of them dress in an identical fashion , but there was no doubt in my mind when I looked at the entire picture of what Galliano was wearing that he looked like one of the Hasidic people that I represent , " Hikind had told CNN . "  In light of his past , it was shocking . " Jacobson said that given those comments , Hikind should have been more aware of how his costume would be perceived . "  Part about standing up for one group is to be more sensitive about other groups , especially as a public official , " he said . CNN 's Deborah Doft contributed to this report .	Brooklyn Democrat Dov Hikind dressed in blackface for a Purim party He apologized to "  anyone who was offended " but added , "  that was not the intention " One of his Assembly colleagues calls the apology "  a beginning " but inadequate
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Britain says it will continue to press for an independent investigation into the case of three British citizens who say they were tortured before being sentenced Monday to four years in prison on drug charges in the United Arab Emirates . Grant Cameron , Karl Williams and Suneet Jeerh , all in their mid-20s , say they have been subjected to electrical shocks and other abuse . In a letter to London-based legal charity Reprieve , British Prime Minister David Cameron wrote that "  our concerns about the allegations of torture ... have been repeatedly raised with the Emirati authorities , including by the Foreign Secretary and  Foreign Office Minister  Alastair Burt . " The prime minister added that "  the absence of an independent medical examination  of the men  remains a concern , " and that Britain continues to press for evidence of a full , impartial and independent investigation . The manager of the Dubai police human rights department , Mohammad Al-Mur , said investigators looked into allegations that the men had confessed after being tortured and found no evidence to support the claims . Al-Mur told CNN Arabic that men 's accusations "  were rejected after being investigated in accordance with international standards by Dubai police . " The developments come a day ahead of UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahyan 's scheduled state visit to Britain . Cameron , Williams and Jeerh were arrested in July and charged with consumption and possession of the synthetic cannabis product known as spice . Their conviction Monday on the consumption charges carries a minimum of four years of imprisonment . The supply charges against the men were dropped , said Kate Higham , a lawyer for Reprieve . Higham has been in touch with the defendants ' attorneys , who have declined to speak with CNN . While pleased that the defendants did not get heavier sentences , "  we think they should not have been convicted at all , " Higham said . "  We will continue to push for the men 's release and return in light of the torture they have suffered . We hope the UAE president would take this opportunity to show that he shares the British public 's concern about torture , " Higham said . The men could have faced 15 years if convicted of possession with intent to distribute . In a text , Cameron 's mother , Tracy Cameron , called the sentence "  great news . " Rights group : Britons tortured after arrest on drug charges Claims of abuse The men say police beat them and subjected them to electric shocks after their July 10 arrest , according to Reprieve , which provides legal support to prisoners . The case began when Cameron and Williams were visiting Dubai on vacation . Jeerh had moved to Dubai from Britain about six weeks earlier in hopes of getting a job in media , Higham said . The Britons were driving a rented car , and when they reached Jeerh 's apartment building , they were arrested . The three allege they were then taken to the desert and then to Williams ' and Cameron 's hotel , said Marc Calcutt , who had earlier represented them on behalf of Reprieve . "  I remember that the police put a towel on my face so I could not see . They kept telling me I was going to die , " Williams said in a statement released by Reprieve . "  Then they took off the towel and I could see that there was a gun pointed at my head ... I started to believe that I was going to die in that room . " At one point , police pulled his pants down and zapped his testicles with electric shocks , Williams alleged . Calcutt also said Williams ' hand was kicked until it was broken and said he has X-rays to prove it . Tracy Cameron said her son told her that police used a Taser on him and put guns to their heads , but she said she has n't been able to get all the details because he is never alone . The men were pressured to sign documents in Arabic , without translation , after multiple beatings , Reprieve said . A "  neutral party " appointed to investigate if any torture had occurred found the claims untrue , a Dubai police statement released in February said . But Calcutt said he was skeptical . "  No one knows who that neutral party is . I have not seen a report . I would love to see any investigative report , " Calcutt said . Leone Lakhani reported from Abu Dhabi , and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Torture claims unfounded , Dubai police official says The defendants say they suffered beatings and electrical shocks during detainment Legal charity : They were pressured to sign documents in Arabic , without translation The three Britons received the minimum sentence of four years for consumption charges
CNN  -- Arkansas authorities have arrested a woman accused of helping two murder suspects escape jail by sneaking in hacksaw blades . Officials believe that Charlene Stewart , 55 , of Texarkana , passed up to four hacksaw blades to her son , Quincy Vernard Stewart , 36 , Chief Deputy Duke Schofield of the Miller County Sheriff 's Department said Wednesday . Schofield said Charlene Stewart was arrested late Tuesday and is in a Texarkana jail facing felony charges of furnishing prohibited articles and implements of escape . Her son is one of two murder suspects who escaped the Miller County jail in Texarkana early Monday . A search of their cell showed that Quincy Stewart and Cortez Rashod Hooper , 23 , apparently used a hacksaw to cut through metal bars covering a 1-by-3 .5 - foot window , then broke the glass to gain access to an outside courtyard , authorities have said . Two mattresses were pushed through the broken window in an effort to soften the detainees ' landing . "  We can not talk about how she got the hacksaw blade by our guards and into the system , " Schofield said Wednesday . And authorities have n't figured out how the two managed to get outside a 10-foot fence topped with razor wire . A police K-9 unit was brought in but failed to track the men . Hooper , who is about 5 feet tall and weighs 130 pounds , is charged with first-degree murder and aggravated assault , said county dispatcher Vanessa Schaeffer . Quincy Stewart , who is 5-foot-7 and weighs 169 pounds , was being held on a capital murder charge from Bowie County , Texas , and also is charged with possession of a controlled substance . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	The mother of a murder suspect is accused of helping him escape jail , a deputy says Quincy Stewart , Cortez Rashod Hooper were awaiting trial on murder charges They used hacksaw blades to bust out of their cell early Monday , authorities say
The wife of British hostage Alan Henning pleaded Saturday with ISIS to release him , describing her husband as a "  peaceful , selfless man " who was only in Syria to help people in need . "  I can not see how it could assist any state 's cause to allow the world to see a man like Alan dying , " Barbara Henning said , according to a message released by the UK Foreign Office . ISIS refers to itself as "  the Islamic State . " Alan Henning , a taxi driver from near Manchester , England , was part of a team of volunteers that traveled to Syria in December to deliver food and water to people affected by the Middle Eastern country 's devastating civil war . He was abducted the day after Christmas by masked gunmen , according to other people in the aid convoy . In a videotaped execution of British aid worker David Haines , made public last weekend , ISIS displayed Henning and threatened to kill him next . No response to messages The Sunni extremist group , which controls large areas of Iraq and Syria , has already beheaded three Western captives in recent weeks -- Haines , and the American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . The videos of the executions have pointed to U.S. airstrikes against ISIS forces in Iraq as the motivation . In Haines ' case , the militant group described the killing as "  a message to the allies of America . " Henning 's wife said her husband , a father of two , was only trying to do good in Syria . "  Alan is a peaceful , selfless man who left his family and his job as a taxi driver in the UK to drive in a convoy all the way to Syria with his Muslim colleagues and friends to help those most in need , " she said in the statement . She expressed concern that his captors were n't answering her calls for his release . "  I have sent some really important messages but they have not been responded to , " she said . ` Executing this man is not the answer ' ISIS has shown no regard in recent weeks for pleas from the families of its Western hostages . Days before Foley 's killing was made public on August 19 , his family sent the extremists a message , asking them to show mercy . But they never heard back . The week before Sotloff 's execution became known , his mother released a video pleading with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi not to kill him . And news of Haines ' death came the same day that his family released a brief message to his captors through the UK Foreign Office . Henning 's wife urged the militants to respond . "  I pray that the people holding Alan respond to my messages and contact me before it is too late , " she said . "  When they hear this message , I implore the people of the Islamic State to see it in their hearts to release my husband , Alan Henning . " Leading Muslim figures in the United Kingdom have also called for Henning 's release in a video posted on YouTube in which they say that killing him is n't permitted by Islamic law . "  Whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer , " said Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London . "  We ask you to adhere to the Shariah ruling on this matter and release him immediately and unconditionally . " The only non-Muslim Henning was making his fourth trip to Syria with an aid convoy when he was abducted . While part of the convoy stopped at the Turkish border , Henning -- the only non-Muslim in the group -- volunteered to cross into Syria with a 10-person advance party . In video shot on that day , he explained part of his rationale for answering the call to help . "  It 's all worthwhile when you see what is needed actually gets where it needs to go , " he said , before hugging a colleague . Henning was kidnapped the next day . Dr. Shameela Islam-Zulfiqar , a volunteer doctor who stayed behind the main part of the convoy at the Turkish border , said they got a phone call saying Henning had been taken by masked gunmen . "  This was something that we thought was just a temporary measure , with him being a non-Muslim and being visibly English , " she told CNN . The other members of the convoy thought "  that they would just question him further and then they would let him go , " she said . But amid clashes between ISIS and rival rebel factions in the area , that did n't happen . ` He is not to blame ' Now , Islam-Zulfiqar says she has a message for the people holding Henning . "  As your sister in Islam , I would implore you and beg of you : please spare the life of this innocent man , " she said . "  He is not part of your struggle . He is not to blame for the actions of Western governments that you fight . " CAGE , a Muslim-led human rights advocacy group in London , also called for Henning 's immediate release , saying he was n't involved in any hostilities toward Muslims . But in a marked difference from other groups issuing appeals , CAGE called on the UK government to negotiate with the hostage takers . Asim Qureshi , research director of CAGE , told CNN on Sunday that the releases of Turkish and continental European hostages through negotiations "  should act as a wake-up call to the British government . " He 's called ` Gadget ' Islam-Zulfiqar said other members of the convoy gave Henning the affectionate nickname "  Gadget , " for his love of all things technical . "  He really is the guy that fixes everything , " she told CNN . In Henning 's hard-scrabble hometown of Eccles in northern England , well-wishers have tied yellow ribbons to lampposts and street signs . None of his workmates at the taxi company nor any of the neighbors on his street were willing to talk to the news media . Islam-Zulfiqar says the situation is really difficult : "  We know time is running out . " Asked how people should think of Henning in his hour of need , she mentioned his smile , his concern for those around him and "  his beautiful , beautiful golden heart . "	Group calls on UK government to negotiate for Alan Henning 's release Henning was kidnapped in Syria as he was helping an aid convoy His wife says ISIS has n't responded to her attempts to communicate Leading Muslims in the UK say killing Henning is n't permitted by Islamic law
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- There 's a bit of a trend brewing this summer concert season -- put together a couple of big-name acts for a nationwide tour , then record a song together to promote the event . Members of Styx , REO Speedwagon and Journey in 2003 . Styx and REO have teamed up for a song and tour . It started with classic rockers REO Speedwagon and Styx , with their "  Ca n't Stop Rockin ' " tour and single of the same name . Now Chicago and Earth , Wind & Fire are getting on the bandwagon . The two horn-heavy bands have recorded three songs especially for their joint 30-city summer tour . It 's part of a charity campaign to benefit food banks across the country -- "  Three Songs for Three Cans or Three Dollars . " Chicago and Earth , Wind & Fire team up on the new song "  You . " The bands also take a stab at each other 's material , with Chicago recording Earth , Wind & Fire 's "  I Ca n't Let You Go " and Earth , Wind & Fire covering Chicago 's "  Wishing You Were Here . " "  The fact that the artists and bands , in this case , are touring together builds excitement with the possibility of the live performance that is exclusive to the tour , " said Bruce Burch of the University of Georgia 's Music Business School . It 's "  sort of a ` once in a lifetime ' type of attraction that helps to sell concert tickets , merchandise and , hopefully , CDs and downloads . " Concertgoers who contribute three cans of food or donate at least $ 3 will get a download card to access the tunes . People who do n't make the shows will be able to donate online and download the songs at www.ewfandchicago.com . The Web site is expected to launch in early June . "  This is a dream come true , " said Earth , Wind & Fire 's Philip Bailey , who came up with the three-songs promotion . "  We want to invite everyone to help us do our small part to help feed America , " added Chicago 's trumpeter Lee Loughnane . Artists jamming together on stage is nothing new , and occasionally the songs are released as singles -- U2 and B.B. King 's "  When Love Comes to Town , " from the 1988 album and film "  Rattle and Hum , " for example . Of course , duets promoting two hot artists or bands are hardly new either . Remember Josh Groban and Charlotte Church on "  The Prayer " or "  Almost Paradise " by Ann Wilson of Heart and Mike Reno of Loverboy from the "  Footloose " soundtrack ? "  Hip-hop artists have been using duets for some time to reach audiences of both artists , " Burch said . In some cases , more than two artists collaborate . "  Even before that , country artists used this means to reach a larger audience for both artists , " he said , noting the collaborations between George Jones and Tammy Wynette , and Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn . The new songs for the 2009 tours flip conventional wisdom . For decades , groups have recorded albums , then gone on tour to promote them . Specifically recording songs to promote a tour featuring a pairing of acts is a new idea -- and possibly one whose time has come , given the re-emergence of singles in the digital download age . Of course , it all depends on the success of the song . In the case of REO Speedwagon and Styx , they 've scored a hit with their new tune . It 's been riding near the top of the classic rock charts -- the biggest original hit by either band in years . "  The jam ... is just plain , old-school , rock 'n' roll fun , " REO Speedwagon 's Kevin Cronin said on the band 's Web site . Should other bands follow suit and score hits , it might prompt other classic pop artists to join forces not only on tour , but in the studio as well .	REO Speedwagon and Styx have combined for hit and tour Chicago and Earth , Wind & Fire recorded three songs for joint tour Combining forces not new , but way it 's being used may be
New York  CNN  -- Brooklyn Nets . This is what the NBA world will now be calling the New Jersey Nets . Media mogul Shawn "  Jay-Z " Carter revealed the name Monday , along with Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz , Forest City Ratner Companies Chairman and CEO Bruce Ratner , and Barclays Center and Nets CEO Brett Yormark , at Atlantic Terminal in Brooklyn . They were near the construction site of the Nets ' future home , The Barclays Center . "  We are proud to announce this highly anticipated decision to name the team the Brooklyn Nets , a choice which reflects the decades-long tradition of our team and fans , as well as the dynamic new place that will be our home , " Nets Chairman Chris Charlier said . Carter , a part owner of the Nets , also said he will be the first to perform at the venue 's opening , scheduled for September 2012 . "  From the moment the Barclays Center became a reality , I knew this meant something significant for Brooklyn , " Carter said . "  This is where I 'm from , I 'll always be Brooklyn , and opening this arena will mean more to me than anywhere else , " he said . "  We 're going to create an atmosphere like only Brooklyn can . " The Barclays Center is set to host major entertainment and sporting events , which could mean some competition for New York 's staple Madison Square Garden . It will also feature four bars , three clubs and a restaurant . Carter invited 25 students from George Westinghouse High School , where he attended , to take part in the announcement , which included the unveiling of a marketing campaign for fall 's All Access Pass featuring Carter . Marketing includes 250,000 coffee cups , 150 taxi tops , print ads , pay phones , direct mail and a billboard across the street from the venue .	Shawn "  Jay-Z " Carter , a part owner , reveals new name Rapper says he will be first to perform at team 's future home Barclays Center set to open in September 2012
Washington  CNN  -- Sexual assault incidents within the Veterans Affairs system are not being reported up the chain , a new government audit released Tuesday found . The Government Accountability Office  GAO  , the investigative arm of Congress , reported that of nearly 300 sexual assault incidents reported to VA Police from January 2007 through July 2010 , "  many " were not reported to VA leadership officials and the VA Inspector General 's Office . The GAO report uses the term sexual assault incident to refer to "  suspected , alleged , attempted , or confirmed cases of sexual assault . " The 284 cases of sexual assault included rape , inappropriate touching , forceful medical examinations , forced or inappropriate oral sex , and other types of sexual assault incidents . "  When I first read this report , I was aghast , " said Rep. Jeff Miller , chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs . "  It reminded me of a 1950s prison system -- lawlessness , lack of security and reporting , and outright disregard for human dignity . " The House committee has scheduled a hearing on the matter for Monday . The GAO says the VA agreed with most of its findings . Nearly two-thirds of the 67 rape allegations in VA facilities were not reported to the VA Inspector General 's Office , as required by VA regulation , according to the report . Both men and women were victims of the assaults . The victims and attackers ranged from employees to patients to those without affiliation to the VA. . "  Not all sexual assault incidents reported to VA Police are substantiated , " the GAO report said , citing reasons such as an assault did not actually take place , the victim chose not to pursue the case or there was insufficient evidence to substantiate the case . The investigators say underreporting is due to a lack of guidance on what constitutes a sexual assault , unclear expectations on what incidents should be reported and insufficient oversight by the Veterans Health Administration  VHA  , which oversees VA health facilities . The VHA does not have a system to track and trend sexual assaults over time , according to the report , and therefore "  can not identify and make changes to serious problems that jeopardize the safety of veterans in their medical facilities . " The report also found that the VA has not taken the proper precautions to prevent sexual assaults in its medical facilities . Among the findings : Investigators report "  poor monitoring of surveillance cameras , alarm system malfunctions , and the failure of alarms to alert both VA police and clinical staff when triggered . " Officials at many of the locations the GAO visited said the VA Police were also understaffed . "  Patient and employee safety and security are paramount at the VA , " said VA press secretary Josh Taylor . "  We take all allegations seriously and investigate them thoroughly . " The VA says it 's in process of reviewing the GAO 's recommendations and taking steps to improve reporting of allegations and to provide more secure facilities . "  The bottom line is that we have a responsibility to protect those veterans in our care , as they have protected our nation , and we will continue to strengthen our facilities to ensure that our veterans receive high-quality medical care in safe , secure facilities , " Taylor said . The investigation was launched at the request of the House Veterans Affairs Committee due to changing demographics of patients treated by the VA. . The VA has developed initiatives to attract specific veteran populations to use its services , including women , young veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan , and veterans facing legal issues or those already incarcerated , the report said . The VA operates the largest integrated health care system in the country , with 153 hospitals and about 700 community-based clinics .	GAO report says many incidents not properly handled Understaffing , fuzzy expectations , poor oversight are blamed House committee chairman says report left him "  aghast " House to hold hearing Monday
CNN  -- Connecticut 's governor says he will sign a bill abolishing the death penalty , making it the 17th state to abandon capital punishment . On Wednesday night , lawmakers in Connecticut 's House of Representatives passed the bill by a vote of 86-63 . The state Senate approved it last week . "  I 'm pleased the House passed the bill , and when it gets to my desk I will sign it , " said Gov. Dannel Malloy , a Democrat . "  When I sign this bill , Connecticut will join 16 other states and almost every other industrialized nation in moving toward what I believe is better public policy . " Malloy did not say when his office will receive the bill . Connecticut 's move continues a national trend toward the abolition of capital punishment . In the past five years , four states have done so . State lawmakers in Connecticut first tried to pass a similar bill in 2009 -- but were ultimately blocked by then-Gov . Jodi Rell , a Republican . Capital punishment has existed in the state since its colonial days . But the state was forced to review its death penalty laws beginning in 1972 , when a Supreme Court decision required greater consistency in its application . A moratorium was then imposed until a 1976 court decision upheld the constitutionality of capital punishment . Since then , Connecticut juries have handed down 15 death sentences . Of those , only one person has actually been executed , according to the Death Penalty Information Center , a nonpartisan group that studies death penalty laws . Michael Ross , a convicted serial killer , was put to death by lethal injection in 2005 after he voluntarily gave up his appeals . The state currently has 11 people on death row . The bill , however , is prospective in nature , meaning that it would not apply to those already sentenced to death . Advocates of a repeal say Connecticut 's current law keeps inmates on death row for extended periods of time , who are often engaged in multiple appeals , and presents taxpayers with far larger costs than if the convict were placed in the general prison population serving a life sentence . They also point to instances in which wrongful convictions have been overturned with new investigative methods , including forensic testing . Opponents of the repeal commonly argue that capital punishment serves as a criminal deterrent , offering justice for victims and their families . In the last five years , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York and Illinois have repealed the death penalty . California voters will decide the issue in November . The other non-death penalty states are Alaska , Hawaii , Iowa , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , North Dakota , Rhode Island , Vermont , West Virginia and Wisconsin , according to the Death Penalty Information Center .	State House of Representatives passes the bill 86-63 "  When it gets to my desk I will sign it , " governor says Connecticut would be 5th state in 5 years to abolish capital punishment
CNN  -- Do n't bother to send in the clowns . A rash of "  creepy clown " sightings in California has left some residents unnerved . It all appears to have started with the "  Wasco Clown . " According to KernGoldenEmpire.com , the clown 's appearances -- and subsequent social media postings -- in the San Joaquin Valley city are part of a photography project launched by a husband and wife team who wish to remain anonymous . But copycat clowns have arrived on the scene , including one who was reportedly armed . The Bakersfield Californian said police received a call about someone in a clown suit brandishing a weapon . "  We 've had multiple  sightings  of these clown sightings all over town , " Bakersfield police Lt. Jason Matson told the publication . "  He was gone by the time we arrived . " The Los Angeles Times said Bakersfield police arrested a teen in another incident in which he allegedly dressed as a clown and pursued other teens , scaring them . Coulrophobia is the formal term for the fear of clowns .	Sightings of "  the Wasco Clown " are reportedly part of a project Bakersfield police say they 've had multiple clown sightings A teen was arrested for dressing as a clown and chasing others
CNN  -- Like former White House Press Secretary James Brady , my life has a "  before " and an "  after . " For Jim Brady , who died Monday at 73 , the "  before " was the time leading up to March 30 , 1981 , when he was gravely wounded by an assassin aiming for President Ronald Reagan , who was also seriously wounded . For me , "  before " was my life as a nurse , wife , and mother leading up to December 7 , 1993 , when a mentally disturbed gunman shot and killed my husband , Dennis , and severely wounded my son Kevin during a mass shooting on the Long Island Railroad . The "  after " for Jim and for me has been a life colored by sadness and loss , but also driven by a cause bigger than both of us : ending violence caused by guns in this country . Jim Brady did not choose to be a leading advocate to prevent gun violence , but he embraced that role with courage and grace . Jim and his wonderfully steely wife , Sarah , founded the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and went to work to ensure that other individuals and families would not have to endure what they suffered after the 1981 shooting . Jim and Sarah have been leaders in the anti-gun violence effort for over 30 years and they have always handled their roles in a way that has earned them admirers across this country and around the world . Jim and Sarah have led the discussion on the role guns play in our society . I first met Jim Brady in late 1993 after the Long Island Railroad shooting . He and Sarah were very kind and provided me with hope for life after my shooting tragedy . Even while recovering from his severe head wound , he moved forward into his own new life of prodding America into addressing gun violence in a commonsense manner . Jim Brady had a great sense of humor and he used that humor to put people at ease when they met him . He never played the martyr . Jim and I were once discussing my son 's recovery from his gunshot wounds and I told Jim that Kevin wanted to go skydiving . I had my doubts , but Jim thought it was a great goal . He said , on behalf of all shooting victims , "  We want to show people that we are still the person we were and we do things that people think we ca n't . " On his next birthday , Kevin went skydiving . James Brady 's lasting legacy is , of course , the law that bears his name . The Brady Law , providing for background checks and a waiting period for gun purchases , has been in effect for more than 20 years . It has blocked more than 2 million gun sales to felons , fugitives and those suffering from mental illness . While the tragedies of Columbine , Virginia Tech , Newtown , and unfortunately many others demonstrate that we have more to do toward ending gun violence in America , Jim Brady leaves us with a law that has undoubtedly saved many lives . The Brady law continues to protect Americans , and the life of James Brady will continue to inspire all those faced with challenge and tragedy . My friend , Jim Brady , will be greatly missed .	Carolyn McCarthy : Like James Brady , her life had "  before " and "  after " a shooting tragedy She lost her husband , and son injured ; Brady was gravely wounded by would-be assassin She says Jim and Sarah Brady 's anti-gun violence efforts have made huge mark in U.S. McCarthy : Brady funny , brave , supportive . His legacy is Brady Law , which has saved lives
CNN  -- Under CEO Marissa Mayer , Yahoo might still be trying to shed its image as a relic of the 1990s Internet era . But hey , it 's getting a new logo ! Yahoo announced Wednesday that it will unveil a new corporate logo September 4 -- the first such change since the company was founded 18 years ago . The new look will retain the current purple color scheme and , yes , its trademark exclamation point . Yodel away , Yahoo fans . "  Over the past year , there 's been a renewed sense of purpose and progress at Yahoo! , and we want everything we do to reflect this spirit of innovation , " Chief Marketing Officer Kathy Savitt wrote in a blog post . "  While the company is rapidly evolving , our logo  $ " the essence of our brand  $ " should too . " To build some buzz around the new logo , the Internet company will display a different variation of the logo on its homepage and throughout its network in the United States for each of the next 30 days . The first example , shown above , opts for a more streamlined look , although the second "  O " is larger than the first , reflecting -- in Yahoo 's words -- the company 's " fun , vibrant , and welcoming " character . The variations on the new logo -- this video clip offers a potential preview -- also will be showcased each day on Yahoo 's Twitter account  #dailylogo  . Mayer has been working to reinvent the struggling Yahoo since she took over leadership of the company in July of last year . In the past 12 months Yahoo has bought more than 16 startups , including the popular Tumblr blogging platform , and reinvigorated its older brands such as photo site Flickr . Under her reign , Yahoo 's stock price has climbed from $ 15 to almost $ 30  it 's currently at $ 27  , although some analysts remain skeptical about the company 's long-term fortunes . Yahoo 's rebranding follows similar logo changes by other aging Internet giants , including AOL , eBay and Microsoft . "  The new logo will be a modern redesign that 's more reflective of our reimagined design and new experiences , " Savitt said .	Yahoo will unveil a new corporate logo September 4 The new look will retain the purple color and , yes , the exclamation point Yahoo will display a different variation of the logo for each of the next 30 days
CNN  -- The widow of a man who set free 56 exotic animals he owned before apparently committing suicide will not get back the six that survived any time soon , a spokesman for the governor of Ohio said Thursday . "  Today , the Ohio Department of Agriculture issued a quarantine order " on the animals , said Robert Nichols , press secretary for Ohio Gov. John Kasich . Nichols noted that it has been widely reported that the animals were malnourished and could be diseased , and said they might pose a public health threat . Marian Thompson -- whose husband , Terry , released lions , tigers , leopards , grizzly bears and other animals from his preserve near Zanesville , Ohio , last week -- has a right to appeal the order , which is indefinite in length , Nichols said . If she does so , she would be granted a hearing within 30 days . Earlier in the day , officials at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium said in a news release that Thompson was planning to take custody of the animals on Thursday afternoon , despite their hope that the animals would remain at the zoo . Under the quarantine order , that is where they will remain , Nichols said . Police say Terry Thompson died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound shortly after releasing the animals October 18 . Of the 56 animals released from the Thompsons ' preserve , only a grizzly bear , two monkeys and three leopards were taken alive , said Muskingum County Sheriff Matt Lutz . Authorities killed two wolves , six black bears , two grizzly bears , nine male lions , eight lionesses , one baboon , three mountain lions , and 18 Bengal tigers . One monkey remained unaccounted for . Lutz and Jack Hanna , conservationist and director emeritus of the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium , said the animal may have been eaten by one of the big cats . The Humane Society of the United States has said it does not fault authorities for using deadly force in such a situation . However , the group criticized Kasich , who in response to the incident signed an executive order dealing with private ownership of exotic animals . The order strengthens enforcement of existing laws . The Humane Society said the order "  is inadequate and sidesteps the central problems created by the exotic animal trade in Ohio . " Kasich also said he will push for new laws giving the state increased authority regarding exotic and dangerous animals .	NEW : A quarantine order will keep the animals at the zoo , the governor 's spokesman says Columbus Zoo officials had hoped to continue caring for the animals Terry Thompson freed lions , tigers , leopards and more at his preserve near Zanesville
CNN  -- The United States , the European Union and Japan are filing a challenge with the World Trade Organization against China 's export restrictions on minerals that are crucial for the production of many high-tech devices , President Barack Obama announced Tuesday . In a statement to reporters at the White House , Obama said the case seeks to force China to lift export limits on certain minerals known as rare earths . China produces 97 % of all rare earths , according to the European Union . The materials are used in products such as flat-screen televisions , smart phones , hybrid car batteries , wind turbines , energy-efficient lighting , electronics , cars and petroleum . "  We want our companies building those products right here in America , " Obama said . "  But to do that , American manufacturers need to have access to rare earth materials which China supplies . Now , if China would simply let the market work on its own , we 'd have no objections . " Instead , Chinese policies "  currently are preventing that from happening and they go against the very rules that China agreed to follow , " Obama continued . What 's the deal with rare earth minerals ? In an earlier statement , the European Union said the challenge mounted with Washington and Tokyo "  formally requested dispute settlement consultations with China in the World Trade Organization . " However , U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said tougher steps are needed than the dispute resolution requested . "  There are faster ways to assert leverage on China than relying on the WTO , which could take years to resolve the case , " Schumer said in a statement that called for U.S. efforts to block Chinese-funded mining projects in the United States as well as World Bank financing for Chinese mining projects . Beijing defended its approach Tuesday . "  China has worked out its own policy on managing rare earths , which is in line with WTO regulations , " Liu Weimin , a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said at a news conference . "  Our policies tackle not only the export of rare earth but also its production and exploration . " The United States accuses China of hoarding the valuable minerals for its own use . But China said its restrictions are motivated by environmental concerns . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that the issue is about uniform rules for all , rather than an effort to hurt China . "  We believe that China 's rise is a good thing for the Chinese people and for the global community , a good thing for the United States , " Carney said . "  It is also important that , as China becomes a bigger and bigger economic power , that China play by the same set of rules that other major economic powers play by . " China will have 10 days to respond to the case and must hold talks with the other parties within two months . The EU statement said the challenge to the WTO targets raw materials including 17 rare earths such as cerium , neodymium and dysprosium , as well as tungsten and molybdenum . The elements and substances are used in high-tech and "  green " businesses , as well as in cars , machinery manufacturing , chemicals and steel . Tungsten is used in lighting technology , in electronics and in automotive , aerospace and medical technologies , the EU statement said . China produces 91 % of the world 's tungsten . Molybdenum is a metallic element used for filaments in light bulbs . China produces 36 % of the world 's molybdenum , according to the EU statement . Most of the time , rare earths can not be substituted for without resulting in a redesigned and more costly product , the EU statement said , adding : "  Their non-availability can lead to the disruption of whole value chains . " China has gradually tightened export restrictions on the materials through raising export taxes and "  drastically reducing the export quota , " according to the European Union . In 2010 , China reduced the quota by 32 % for domestic companies and 54 % for foreign-invested companies . "  Because China is a top global producer for these key inputs , its harmful policies artificially increase prices for the inputs outside of China while lowering prices in China , " said a Tuesday statement from the U.S. trade representative . "  This price dynamic creates significant advantages for China 's producers when competing against U.S. producers -- both in China 's market and in other markets around the world , " said the U.S. statement . "  The improper export restraints also contribute to creating substantial pressure on U.S. and other non-Chinese downstream producers to move their operations , jobs and technologies to China . " The WTO , the body tasked with monitoring trade between nations , will be asked to be a facilitator in talks with China , an Obama administration official said Monday . "  China 's restrictions on rare earths and other products violate international trade rules and must be removed , " Karel De Gucht , EU trade commissioner , said in a statement . "  These measures hurt our producers and consumers in the EU and across the world , including manufacturers . " Despite a recent ruling in a separate dispute over different raw materials , "  China has made no attempt to remove the other export restrictions , " he said . "  This leaves us no choice but to challenge China 's export regime again to ensure fair access for our businesses to these materials . " Ron Kirk , the U.S. trade representative , said , "  America 's workers and manufacturers are being hurt in both established and budding industrial sectors by these policies . China continues to make its export restraints more restrictive , resulting in massive distortions and harmful disruptions in supply chains for these materials throughout the global marketplace . " Concern in the United States over the supply of rare earths resulted in a September hearing on the matter by the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific . Of particular concern was how vital the minerals are for top-of-the-line weapons , including missile guidance systems , drones and the new F-35 Joint Strike Fighter . American companies are trying to answer the demand . Molycorp Inc. , one of the few producers of rare earth minerals outside China , has urged Congress to do more to confront the problem and encourage research and development . Molycorp has mines in California and Colorado . In 2010 , China temporarily halted shipments of rare earths to Japan , prompting a sharp spike in prices of the minerals . The EU said it has raised the issue repeatedly with China over the past few years without success . If no solution can be found through the consultation process , the dispute can be transmitted to a WTO panel for a ruling , the European Union said . CNN 's Dan Lothian , Tom Cohen , Brianna Keilar , Jethro Mullen and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	NEW : Chinese growth is good , but Beijing must follow the rules , the White House says President Obama says the United States , European Union and Japan take action China says its policy on rare earths is in line with WTO regulations China produces 97 % of all rare earths , which are used to make high-tech products
CNN  -- Bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than 18,000 people in the last 11 days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of December elections . People arrested by Bangladesh police in their latest round-up arrive at a jail in Dhaka . Human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated . The round-ups began May 28 , days after the two main political parties said they would not cooperate with the military-backed caretaker government on organizing the elections . Police told CNN that by Saturday 16,916 arrests had been made , while local media reported another 1,548 were arrested Sunday . The Awami League and the Bangladesh Nationalist Party  BNP  said hundreds of their party members had been taken into custody . "  The timing and targets of the arrests are a dead giveaway they are politically motivated , " Brad Adams of the New York-based Human Rights Watch said in a statement . "  It 's obvious that they are paying the price for the political parties ' refusal to accept the government 's conditions to participate in the elections . " The government rejects the allegations . The detentions , it said , are part of a planned sweep to rid the country of criminals . "  Our IGP -LSB- Inspector General of Police , or chief of police -RSB- categorically said this special drive was being conducted to create a congenial atmosphere before the general election , " said Kamrul Ahsan , a spokesman for Bangladesh Police . "  It is not politically motivated , " he said . "  The intention is not to harass anybody politically . " The crackdown began after the Awami League and the BNP said they would not cooperate with the government to develop a roadmap toward democracy unless it first releases the parties ' leaders . The two women who head the parties -- Sheikh Hasina of the Awami League and Khaleda Zia of the BNP -- are in police custody on corruption-related charges . Hasina is charged with bribe-taking . Zia is being held on charges of graft for improperly awarding a multi-million dollar government contract . The current political crisis in the Muslim-majority South Asian country of 150 million can be traced , in large part , to the lingering animosity between the two women , political observers say . Their rivalry runs so deep that the women are known in the country as the "  Battling Begums . " Begum is an honorific given to women of rank in the country . Since the country 's independence in 1972 , the Awami League or the BNP has ruled Bangladesh for all but eight years . Both women have served as prime minister at one point or another . After its last stint in power ended in 2006 , the BNP handed over rule to a caretaker government to conduct elections , as mandated by the country 's constitution . But the Awami League refused to recognize the neutrality of the interim government . Hasina accused Zia of stocking it with BNP backers . Supporters and party members took to the streets in months of deadly clashes . To stem the tide of violence , a military-backed government took control in January 2007 and imposed an indefinite state of emergency . It also postponed elections until it said it could clean up the country 's graft-ridden politics . The caretaker government adopted the Emergency Powers Rules . The rules allowed authorities to arrest people without a warrant as long as there was reasonable suspicion that he or she was connected to a crime , Human Rights Watch said . A wave of detentions followed . By some estimates more than 90,000 people were detained before some were released and others charged with crimes . Among those arrested were more than 150 top politicians , including Hasina and Zia -- leading to the current political stalemate . The government wants to hold elections in the third week of December , and said the crusade on crime is part of its plan to ensure trouble-free balloting . The political parties allege the arrests are intended to pave the way for the election of pro-government candidates . They want their leaders set free before they sit down and talk with the government about a roadmap toward a successful election . They also threatened to organize mass movements to secure their leaders ' release . "  It 's kind of an impasse , " said Taleya Rehman , founder and executive director of the Bangladesh-based non-profit Democracy Watch . "  The government is conducting political dialogue with small parties . But they are of no significance . They need the two major parties . " On Monday , the government announced it was releasing Hasina from custody on medical grounds so she can go abroad for treatment . A similar release for Zia was also expected . Party members say the government 's move is a ploy to sideline the pair from the elections by sending them out of the country . Hasina has a damaged ear resulting from a bombing attack that targeted her four years ago . Zia is believed to have arthritis . Meanwhile , the detentions continue -- almost 1,800 a day . In addition to political party members , the crackdown has also swept up several journalists . "  That actually makes the arrests suspicious in some people 's minds , " said Sultana Kamal , executive director of the legal aid group , Ain o Salish Kendro  Law and Adjudication Center  . "  If you just arrest any Tom , Dick and Harry saying this person may have arms , then people will legitimately raise questions about the mode of the whole operation . "	Bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days Human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated Round-ups began after parties refused to cooperate with military government
New York  CNN  -- A former aide to Bernard Madoff has surrendered to authorities in Florida and will soon appear in New York to face charges related to Madoff 's massive Ponzi scheme . Annette Bongiorno , 62 , turned herself in to the U.S. Marshals Service in Florida on Tuesday after her bail was rejected by a district judge in New York , according to U.S. Marshals Deputy Wayne Pickering . She had been previously approved for bail , but that right was later revoked by Judge Laura Taylor Swain over concerns of flight risk , given that Bongiorno has access to millions of dollars , according to court documents . Bongiorno had been booked at the Palm Beach County jail , but was later transferred into the custody of the marshals , said Palm Beach police spokesman Eric Davis . Bongiorno 's attorney Roland Riopelle said his client "  was disappointed but stoic . " He would not comment further on the case . She is said to have managed investment accounts for some of Madoff 's largest and most important customers , including Carl Shapiro , Stanley Chais and Jeffry Picower , said Madoff 's secretary Eleanor Squillari . "  Bongiorno  was running the accounts for the favored clients , " Squillari said . "  She really was the head of her department in the investment advisory part of the business . " The government previously filed civil complaints against Bongiorno and Joann Crupi , both longtime Madoff employees who worked as supervisors of his "  back office " staff . The suits are intended to retrieve millions of dollars in assets -- including homes and luxury cars -- that the two allegedly received while involved in Madoff 's scheme . Earlier this month , Madoff 's son Mark Madoff committed suicide in his Manhattan apartment two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $ 50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . Madoff pleaded guilty in 2009 and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	Bernard Madoff 's former aide Annette Bongiorno surrendered to authorities in Florida Judge Laura Taylor Swain revoked bail over concerns that she is a flight risk Madoff was arrested for swindling investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The last time anyone saw Russel Rebello alive , he was near the stern of the Costa Concordia , helping passengers into rescue boats . But the 33-year-old waiter from India never escaped the doomed cruise ship . And he 's the only victim of the 2012 shipwreck whose remains have n't been found . Investigators hope that could change soon . A complicated operation to refloat the ship gives them a chance to begin a new search for Rebello . By midday Monday , the ship was floating again , Costa Crociere CEO Michael Thamm said . Salvage crews began the arduous task of refloating the ship on Monday morning so they can move it to the Italian port of Genoa to be dismantled . It 's been more than 2 1/2 years since the ship ran aground off Italy 's Giglio Island with more than 4,200 passengers aboard , killing 32 people in a disaster that drew global attention . And it 's been 10 months since salvage teams rolled the 114,000-ton vessel off the rocks in one of the most complex shipwreck recovery efforts ever undertaken . But there 's still more work to be done . "  We are not at the end , but we are at a critical moment , " Giglio Mayor Sergio Ortelli told reporters . For 10 months , engineers have been hard at work , attaching metal boxes to either side of the ship . After draining water from the boxes , they had to pump compressed air into its place to get the ship to float . It was a dangerous and tricky procedure . The ship is rotting , and there 's a real risk the bottom of it could give way . By lunchtime Monday , the ship had been moved 20 meters  about 66 feet  as part of an initial 30-meter  98-feet  shift to the east . The shift dramatically changed the appearance of the wreck from land . After 30 meters , the ship will be anchored and operations will cease for Monday . On Tuesday , five steel hollow boxes , or sponsons , will be lowered , and divers will begin attaching more chains and cables to help reinforce the bottom of the boat . Once that 's done they 'll raise the ship deck by deck , clearing any debris along the way . After the ship is completely floated , a convoy of 10 boats will then begin a potentially treacherous journey . The ship will be towed -- slowly and carefully -- 240 kilometers  150 miles  to Genoa . Italian Environment Minister Gian Luca Galletti told the media that the operation marked the closure of a dark moment in Italy . He said it would have been too dangerous to leave the Costa Concordia in the same position for another year . "  We could have dismantled the Concordia in situ , but they chose to take the more expensive , riskier route to tow it away to save the environment of Giglio , " Galletti said . Officials said it 's likely the towing process wo n't start for days due to port restrictions . It will take five to six days for the ship to reach Genoa , officials said . Thamm , the CEO , called the operation "  the most daunting salvage ever attempted on a ship of its size . " He added that the cost of the project has already exceeded 1 billion euros -- not including the refloat , the anticipated transport to Genoa or the dismantling . Since the wreck two years ago , 24 metric tons of debris -- including furniture , dishes , food , personal effects and ship parts -- have been recovered from the seabed . While salvage crews continue efforts to deal with the wreckage , Francesco Schettino , the ship 's captain , is on trial on charges of manslaughter , causing a maritime disaster and abandoning ship with passengers still on board . He denies wrongdoing . Search teams thought they had found Rebello 's remains in October . But the body divers found turned out to be that of Maria Grazia Trecarichi , a Sicilian who was on the cruise to celebrate her 50th birthday with her 17-year-old daughter , who survived . In a Facebook post , brother Kevin Rebello said he was watching the latest salvage operation live online , since he could n't make it to Giglio . "  I strongly believe that they will find the body of my dear brother , " he said . Nine things to know about the plan to salvage the Costa Concordia Journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Giglio . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin reported from London , and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	The ship is now floating again , the Costa CEO says The Costa Concordia cruise ship ran aground and tipped in January 2012 , killing 32 people Officials hope to find the remains of waiter Russel Rebello , only victim not found
CNN  The father of an Ohio man arrested Wednesday for allegedly plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol says his son could never have carried out the plan . "  He 's a big mama 's boy , you know . His best friend is his kitty cat , " John Cornell told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  There 's no way he could have carried out any kind of terrorist plot , " the father said . "  I think Chris was coerced into a lot of this . " Christopher Lee Cornell , 20 , came to the FBI 's attention several months ago for alarming social media posts in which he talked about his support for violent jihad , according to a criminal complaint . He allegedly wrote under the alias Raheel Mahrus Ubaydah . The FBI engaged in an undercover operation , with the help of a person who began cooperating in exchange for favorable treatment on his criminal exposure on an unrelated case . Cornell allegedly told that source he had been in contact with persons overseas , and that he had aligned himself with ISIS . He did not think he would receive "  specific authorization to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States , but stated that he wanted to go forward with violent jihad and opined that this would be their way of supporting ISIL , " the complaint said , using another name for ISIS . According to the complaint , Cornell wrote : "  I believe that we should just wage jihad under our own orders and plan attacks and everything ... I believe we should meet up and make our own group in alliance with the Islamic State here and plan operations ourselves . " The anatomy of ISIS : How it is run He was plotting , with the undercover FBI operative , to set off pipe bombs in the U.S. Capitol and shoot people as they fled , the complaint said . Cornell and the operative allegedly met in Cincinnati in October and again in November . He researched the targeted government buildings and the construction of pipe bombs , saved money for the attack and bought weapons and ammunition , the complaint said . Cornell was arrested Wednesday . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS His father said his son , who lived at home in Green Township , Ohio , recently took up an interest in Islam but had never mentioned ISIS . "  He explained to me , you know , that Islam was n't a terrorist group . It was a way of life , " John Cornell told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  I do n't think Chris could hurt a fly , " he said . "  He 's such a loveable , kind person . " According to a law enforcement source , the plan posed no threat to lawmakers . But the complaint indicated that the plot was in its late stages . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , also known as the Islamic State and ISIS , is seeking to create a fundamentalist religious state across Sunni areas in those two countries . Mom will stay in jail until trial on ISIS-related charges	Father of suspect says he does n't think his son "  would hurt a fly " A source says the plan posed no threat to lawmakers ; the complaint said it was in its late stages Christopher Lee Cornell , 20 , allegedly aligned himself with ISIS
CNN  -- This holiday season , it 's still shoes off and liquids out at airport security , but changes may be on the way to part of this routine , and agents will be watching much more than the contents of your carry-on . Passengers prepare for a security screening at Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia . In the coming months , the government expects to revisit its rule for the amount of liquids that may be brought aboard planes , while boosting the number of behavior detection officers deployed at checkpoints across the country . More than 2,000 are already on the job , and the program is growing every day , said Christopher White , a spokesman for the Transportation Security Administration . "  What the officers are looking for are physiological signs that can not be manipulated that indicate stress , fear or deception , " White said . "  We find bad people everyday with behavior detection officers . " The specially trained agents , who work in teams , establish a baseline of behavior and then search for people who rise above that level , he added . The TSA has been taking steps to reduce stress for all travelers at security , such as adding special family lanes , to make it easier for the officers to spot passengers who are acting suspiciously . "  By calming the checkpoint down , it makes people with potential hostile intent really stand out , " White said . "  If there 's a shark fin in a rough sea , it 's impossible to see . If there 's a shark fin in a lake , it 's very easy to see . " The word on liquids Meanwhile , new technology may help change a familiar part of the security screening process . By now , most air travelers know the government 's 3-1-1 rule for liquids and gels : Containers no larger than 3 ounces are allowed in carry-on luggage , provided they are packed into one quart-size clear plastic zip-top bag , with one bag allowed per person . Those restrictions could be eased next year with the help of advanced X-ray machines that can be upgraded with software , like computers , White said . "  Scientists at the national labs have been working to develop an algorithm to plug into the machines that would allow us to tell the difference between a bottle of Coke and a bottle of liquid explosives , " he said . The TSA is planning to have 600 of the machines installed at airports across the country by the end of this year and may look at changes to the 3-1-1 rule in fall 2009 , White added . Coming much sooner : the expansion of the family lane program to every airport in the country starting Thursday . See where the nation 's busiest airports are " The special lanes are designed to make security screening as smooth as possible for people traveling with children , passengers with special needs or anyone unfamiliar with security procedures , while improving wait times for other travelers . What 's not changing for the foreseeable future : taking your shoes off at security . Running them through the X-ray machine is simply the fastest way of ensuring there 's nothing hidden inside , White said . Preparation and planning If you are flying this Thanksgiving , expect lots of company but fewer people than last year . The Air Transport Association of America predicts a 10 percent drop in the number of people traveling on U.S. airlines during the holiday , compared with the same time period in 2007 . "  Some of the capacity cuts that carriers put into place have finally taken effect , but also we do think that the economic downturn is finally taking a toll on consumer spending when it comes to travel , " ATA spokeswoman Elizabeth Merida said . The trade association for U.S. airlines predicts that the busiest travel days of this Thanksgiving holiday will be Wednesday , November 26 ; Sunday , November 30 ; and Monday , December 1 , with planes 90 percent full on average on those dates . Airports across the country are gearing up for the travel rush . "  We are making a commitment that even during peak periods , the -LSB- security -RSB- line will not exceed 20 minutes , " said Ben DeCosta , aviation general manager at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Georgia . The world 's busiest airport has spent more than $ 25 million on improvements , including 10 additional "  high-productivity , speedy " security lanes for a total of 32 , he added . Hartsfield-Jackson also offers a number of queuing options for the more than 40,000 people who line up at its security checkpoints every day . "  Our line management segregates people by expertise and by preference , and it helps to speed everything up and to make people less anxious about the beginning of their trip , " DeCosta said . Hartsfield-Jackson is also joining the growing number of U.S. airports with whole-body imagers at security checkpoints . The machines offer an alternative to pat-downs by officers . No matter what airport you 're passing through , be prepared , White said . "  If you 're ready for security with your boarding pass and your ID out , with your shoes and your coat off , and with your liquids out of the carry-on bag , your experience is going to be very good and very pleasant , " he said . "  For passengers who are not ready , they not only slow down themselves , they slow down the entire checkpoint line . "	Government 's 3-1-1 rule for liquids and gels could be eased next year TSA aims to reduce travelers ' stress , making it easier to spot suspicious behavior Taking shoes off at security expected to remain in place for the foreseeable future Family lane program expands to every airport in the country starting Thursday
"  Neil Armstrong is going to walk on the moon on Monday , July 21st . " I could n't have envisaged that 45 years after writing that sentence during an infant school exercise I would still be writing about human exploration of the moon -- or lack of it . Throughout the 1970s , children 's magazines showed artists ' conceptions of the moon bases that would be built . But following the global excitement of Armstrong 's step off the Eagle spacecraft 's ladder in July 1969 only 11 more astronauts have walked on the lunar surface and people have not been back since 1972 . The moon bases have not materialized and supersonic flights for commercial passengers , that looked like they would become commonplace after test flights during the Apollo era , came and then stopped . In the 1960s it was possible to see 3D movies just as it is today . In 1969 the Beatles were still together -- just about , "  Midnight Cowboy " won an Oscar for best picture , and Mario Puzo 's "  The Godfather " was published . They are all still firm favorites . So have our advances been with such small steps in the intervening years or have we made giant leaps elsewhere ? The 1960s might seem familiar but the world was actually very different . There was no World Wide Web , no cell phones -- at least not the kind that fit in your pocket -- crude oil was a fraction of today 's price and the Soviet Union still existed . The technology of today would have seemed like science fiction to a child of the 1960s . The Apollo spacecraft that took Neil Armstrong , Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins to the moon was equipped with a navigation computer that is puny in comparison to today 's devices . NASA says the Apollo computers had a permanent memory of about 36,000 words and an erasable memory of about 2,000 words . Your smartphone likely has a 32 gigabyte storage facility -- theoretically capable of storing about six billion words and it is a lot more versatile than the hardware on the moon capsules . You can make a video call to a person on the other side of the world , find out your exact position on the Earth to an accuracy of a few meters thanks to satellite navigation , shoot video and share it almost instantaneously , and all from a device that fits in the palm of your hand . Over the last few decades scientists have become more successful in treating cancers , identified individual genes that cause disease and created bionic limbs for disabled patients . So why have n't we been back to the moon ? NASA points out that the moon has not been ignored . "  In the 45 years since the Apollo program , NASA has continued scientific study of the moon through robotic explorers , " said a NASA spokesman . "  Contemporary missions like NASA 's GRAIL , LADEE , and the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter have helped us explore the upper atmosphere , surface , and interior of our nearest neighbor in the solar system . "  At the same time , NASA 's fleet of robotic explorers are extending our senses throughout the solar system , as we seek answers to fundamental questions like ` are we alone ? How did life begin on Earth ? Can we live on other worlds ? ' " he said . Perhaps then , a better question should be : does it really matter that we have n't returned to the moon in person ? Major advances Amazing discoveries have also been made in space since the 1960s . Hundreds of new worlds have been found outside our solar system since the existence of the first exoplanet was confirmed in the 1990s . This year , NASA announced for the first time that an Earth-sized planet that could be habitable had been found 490 light years from us . Astronomers estimate there are tens of billions of similar , possibly habitable planets in our own galaxy . Closer to home , a fleet of NASA rovers has explored the surface of Mars sending back amazing panoramas and drilling into the rocks to test their composition . And it 's not just NASA . India 's first Mars orbiter is on its way to the Red Planet and private companies are also proposing adventures there . Probes have been sent on a grand tour of the solar system since the Apollo program -- Voyager 1 launched in 1977 is now in interstellar space -- and other spacecraft have studied Venus , Jupiter , Saturn and Titan . We may not have a moon base yet but nations have come together since Apollo to build the International Space Station . Covering an area the size of a football field , it has been in continuous occupation since 2000 and carries cameras that give high definition video pictures of our home planet . Our view of the universe has also changed considerably since 1969 , partly due to the wealth of images captured by the Hubble space telescope that was launched in 1990 . Last year it was announced that Hubble had discovered an exoplanet with a deep blue color and where it possibly rains liquid glass . The European Space Agency  ESA  this year launched the billion pixel Gaia space telescope with the task of building a 3D map of the Milky Way . A successor to Hubble -- the James Webb Space Telescope -- is currently being built and scheduled for launch in 2018 . Exciting missions are also under way . The Rosetta spacecraft is due to orbit a comet beginning in August 2014 and then land a probe on its surface as it races around the Sun . Other nations are planning to reach out to the moon , Mars and Jupiter while entrepreneurs are aiming to launch commercial space flights . Virgin Galactic , Blue Origin and SpaceX are all competing to enable access to space . Where next ? So is it all over for moon exploration ? NASA says not though its focus is on sending astronauts to Mars in the 2030s . "  As international partners and the growing U.S. commercial space industry venture beyond low-Earth orbit as well , there may be some opportunities to return humans and robots to the lunar surface . Our roadmap for exploration includes the possibility of assisting partners with that kind of exploration , but our investments in human spaceflight are focused on enabling the path to Mars , " a NASA spokesman told CNN . "  We 'll soon return humans to the vicinity of the moon ... -LSB- a -RSB- proving ground we need to test these key capabilities and help us advance on the human path to Mars , " he said . Looking up at mesmerizing stars INTERACTIVE : Explore Mars	Children 's magazines of the 1970s imagined moon bases that were expected to be built Only 12 people have walked on the lunar surface and none since 1972 NASA says it is focused on sending humans to Mars in the 2030s There have been huge technological leaps and space discoveries in the last 40 years
CNN  -- The news that one of America 's TV icons is suffering from cancer brought sadness . Learning the type of cancer she had made some squeamish . Farrah Fawcett , shown here in 2004 , learned she had cancer in 2006 . Former "  Charlie 's Angels " actress Farrah Fawcett , 62 , was hospitalized this week . She received a diagnosis of anal cancer in 2006 . This type of cancer is less common than rectal and colon cancer , and the location of the tumor and risk factors make people squeamish about discussing it openly , doctors said . Colon cancer at one time also was not openly talked about , because of the body part and functions affected , but with the public awareness campaigns and celebrities advocating for screenings , it has been largely destigmatized . Anal cancer is less familiar . Fawcett has not publicly confirmed the specifics of her illness , but is working on a documentary , titled "  A Wing and a Prayer , " about her health battle . Anal cancer affects more women and the illness is usually found in people who are in their early 60 's . The American Cancer Society estimates that 5,000 new cases of anal cancer are diagnosed each year and about 680 people die from it annually . Meanwhile , colorectal cancer has 148,000 new cases and about 50,000 deaths each year . The numbers of anal cancer cases are rising , although experts have n't been able to pinpoint why . Cultural squeamishness about certain body areas could prevent early diagnosis and treatment of anal cancer , said Dr. Petr F. Hausner , an associate professor of medicine at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore , Maryland . "  Patients in the United States hate to be examined in these areas , " said Hausner , who trained in Czechoslovakia . "  They like to keep their private parts more private than in Europe . In the U.S. , the patients hate those exams and physicians hate to do them . The examination is incomplete . " The cultural discomfort might be a minor factor , though . "  The bigger role is the virus , " he said referring to the human papilloma virus , a key risk factor for anal cancer that also can cause cervical cancer . Getting vaccinated against HPV is a step in prevention , Hausner said . More than half of anal cancer patients experience bleeding as a symptom . Others have no symptoms or report common conditions , such as hemorrhoids , fissures , or warts . Symptoms also include itching or pain in that area , changes in the diameter of stool , abnormal discharge , swollen lymph nodes in the anal or groin areas , according to the American Cancer Society . "  The most common thing is people think it 's a hemorrhoid , " said Dr. Cathy Eng , associate professor in the department of gastrointestinal medical oncology at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center . Patients should consult with their physicians , she said . Anal pap smears are routine only for HIV-positive patients , who are at higher risk for this cancer . There are no anal cancer screening recommendations for non-HIV individuals , because it remains a rare disease , Hausner said . People whose immune system are suppressed , from HIV or drugs taken after organ transplants are at risk for anal cancer . Other risk factors include a sexual history with many partners , a medical history of human papilloma virus  HPV  , sexually transmitted diseases or gynecological cancers . People tend to view anal cancer negatively , because they associate the cancer with a few of its risk factors -- such as sexually transmitted diseases or anal sex , Eng said . "  It 's one of the risk factors , not the only risk factor , " Eng said . "  It 's fair to say people are stigmatized , she said , primarily because of the disease 's association with that type of sex . When anal cancer is caught early , chemotherapy and radiation are highly effective . But if the cancer does n't respond to treatment and spreads to other areas of the body , the five-year survival rate plummets to 20 percent , Eng said . "  Anal cancer is unique , " she said . "  The majority of time you can cure the patient , but if you have recurrent or residual disease , you could end up losing your sphincter . " The sphincter are muscles that holds in urine and feces . If the sphincter is removed , the patient must have a special bag , called an ostomy pouch , that collects the waste . Anal cancer is "  much rarer than colon cancer , " Hausner said . "  For 50 colon cancer patients , we see one anal cancer ... It 's a rare disease . It is becoming a little bit more frequent . I would say that people are not aware . "	Risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , HPV , STDs New cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year Anal cancer it treatable , but becomes more difficult to treat if tumor spreads
CNN  -- Investigators said Thursday they found the fungus Exserohilum in one medicine lot from the compounding pharmacy at the center of a meningitis outbreak that has killed 21 people , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced . The presence of Exserohilum was found in "  unopened medication vials , " which were tested at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , according to the FDA . The discovery links the fungus to the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center , the FDA said . What is a compounding pharmacy ? The CDC said Exserohilum had been found in 45 patients . The fungus can be difficult to find , meaning a patient with a negative test is still not in the clear . Symptoms from Exserohilum also can take a long time to develop . The CDC updated Friday the number of people known to have contracted noncontagious fungal meningitis from steroid injections . The number of cases has grown to 271 . Three of the cases are a "  peripheral joint infection " that specifically affects a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow , officials said . Sixteen states have been affected , including New York , which was added to the CDC 's list Thursday . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens , such as fungi in this case , according to the CDC . Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Deadly outbreak was completely avoidable Criminal investigators visit Massachusetts facility FDA warns patients to be ` vigilant ' about drugs from compounding center Wife ` heartbroken ' at death blamed on meningitis	The fungus has been found in 45 patients , CDC says Agency says one more person has died from a noncontagious form of meningitis Number of cases grows to 271 in 16 states
New York  CNN  -- Is Rush Limbaugh becoming a relic , a human version of "  Mad Men , " except without the style or cool clothes ? Has Limbaugh become as dated as Jazzercise or "  Macarena ? " All you need to do is look at the bottom line to see that Limbaugh is in trouble . Limbaugh once raked in the big bucks for his radio syndicator , Cumulus . But last week , Cumulus CEO Lew Dickey made it clear those days are over . Dickey reported that Cumulus had lost millions of dollars in ad sales because many advertisers no longer want to be associated with Limbaugh . According to Dickey , advertisers began to pull away from Limbaugh after his February 2012 comments in which he infamously called law student Sandra Fluke a "  slut " and a "  prostitute " after she testified before Congress advocating birth control be covered by health insurance . Limbaugh 's despicable comments were met with an avalanche of outrage and calls for corporations to stop advertising on Rush 's show . How badly did this advertising boycott hurt Limbaugh 's show ? Well , according to the radio industry magazine "  Radio Ink , " 48 of the 50 network advertisers for Cumulus radio have excluded Limbaugh 's show from their ad orders . I 'm no media expert , but that sounds really bad for Rush . What was Limbaugh 's response ? Was he contrite or remorseful ? Nope . Instead Limbaugh lashed out last week at young women again by asserting that the reason ad sales fell off was because : "  The media buyers at advertising agencies are young women , fresh out of college-liberal feminists who hate conservatism . " Not only is this comment sexist on its face , remarkably Limbaugh apparently does n't believe that his past antics have contributed to Cumulus ' lost ad sales . In fact , a close associate of Limbaugh voiced similar sentiments to Politico last week , arguing that the loss of ad sales is not because of Limbaugh , but because the Cumulus owned radio stations are underperforming when compared with other talk radio stations . How did Limbaugh get to this place ? Times have changed . Call it being PC or being more sensitive , no one can dispute that what was once acceptable in our society as humor and commentary is no longer . Sure Rush has a big audience and remains ahead of other talk radio hosts , but the advertisers who abandoned Rush appear to be on to something . Let 's take a quick stroll down memory lane of Limbaugh 's remarks -- all of which I wish I could have surgically removed from my memory : 1 . "  NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons , " a comment Limbaugh made while sharing his "  insight " on professional football . 2 . "  He is exaggerating the effects of the disease ... It 's purely an act . " -- Limbaugh mocking actor Michael J. Fox 's struggles with Parkinson 's . 3 . Limbaugh claimed that President Barack Obama was disappointed that Hurricane Irene , which killed 40 people , was n't worse : "  Obama was hoping this was going to be a disaster as another excuse for his failing economy . " 4 . "  Forget calling them the NAACP . They are now the R-A-C-I-S-M . NAACP equals racism , " Limbaugh 's comments defending the smear of Shirley Sherrod by right-wing media . There are many , many more examples of these "  Limbaughisms " through the years . Looking at these comments makes you wonder why it took so long for advertisers to wake up and smell the bigotry . So what happens if Limbaugh is booted from his current syndication deal ? Limbaugh will probably find a new home on a lesser terrestrial network or possibly SiriusXM radio . My hope is that Limbaugh ends up as the in-store deejay at a Virgin megastore in a strip mall in the middle of nowhere . But then again , why should those shoppers be subjected to Rush 's rants ? Regardless where he turns up , Limbaugh will likely not be as relevant to the national media as he is now . All you have to do is look at the career of radio host Don Imus . Imus was fired from CBS radio in 2007 after a national furor erupted over his comments regarding the Rutgers women 's basketball team that were almost universally considered racist and sexist . While Imus later found a new radio home , he was no longer the same media mover and shaker . And while Imus is still on five days a week , when is the last time you heard the national media quote Imus ? Imus may just be Limbaugh 's "  ghost of Christmas future . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Rush Limbaugh and his radio network are at odds Dean Obeidallah says Limbaugh 's caustic approach has turned off advertisers He says America has changed , Limbaugh has n't and his time is past
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton is at the top of every 2016 poll . She is crisscrossing the country picking up sizable speaking fees and addressing audiences who cheer any mention of her future plans . And nearly every analyst has her as the likely Democratic nominee next time around , should she run . While Clinton 's closest advisers are trying to keep supporters from anointing her the inevitable nominee - for fear it will create a backlash among grassroots voters - they are losing that fight in part because some Americans , especially Democrats , want to be a part of history . A Gallup poll Friday showed that 18 % of Americans surveyed said Clinton becoming the first woman president would be "  the best or most positive " thing about her winning the election . It was cited by 30 % of Democrats and 17 % of independents . Breaking the Glass Ceiling "  Potent is an understatement . Is there a word stronger than potent ? " said Dan Mahaffee , the director of policy at the Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress , when asked about the potential impact on the electorate of Clinton becoming the first woman president . "  There certainly is that dynamic for there to be a historical president , to feel part of that is certainly a strong driver , " he said . When Barack Obama ran for president -- defeating Clinton for the Democratic nomination -- a strong , but far from the only aspect of his draw was the history of electing the first black president . A similar case could be made for Clinton , who regularly talks about women getting into politics and the importance of electing the right first woman to the White House . Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of The Rothenberg Political Report , echoed Mahaffee , saying "  people want to be a part of history " even though some would like to believe that elections are driven by issues and differences between candidates . Gonzales said electing a woman would crash through another glass ceiling . "  I think voters could be driven by this sense of history , " he said . Finding that Clinton becoming the first woman president would be the "  best " thing about her winning in 2016 , the survey also found that number outpaced all other factors in the open-ended question . Nine percent of people said her experience would be the best , while 3 % said her competence , 2 % said her intelligence and 2 % said the fact that Bill Clinton would be back in the White House . "  From the American public 's perspective , Hillary Clinton 's greatest selling point going into the 2016 presidential election , should she decide to run , would be the historic fact that , if elected , she would be the first female president in the nation 's history , " wrote Frank Newport , editor in Chief of Gallup . Clinton not helping inevitability fight For her part , Clinton has fed this inevitability . The former senator made it clear when she halted her 2008 primary campaign : She was proud of the "  about 18 million cracks " - the number of people who voted for her - that her campaign put into the glass ceiling of electing a women president . Clinton proclaimed that "  the light is shining through -LSB- the ceiling -RSB- like never before , filling us all with the hope and the sure knowledge that the path will be a little easier next time . " Those comments are put into a different context considering Clinton is actively mulling another run at breaking that ceiling . Female participation in politics and business has become a part of nearly every speech Clinton delivers . In Florida , she talked about the importance of women in leadership positions ; in Vancouver , she looked to inspire women to get involved and participate , and Tuesday in Montreal , the former first lady talked about the benefits of having more women in politics . "  Having people get out of their comfort zones and think about being somebody 's shoes - or high heels - as the case may be , gives you a broader view , " she said , adding that more women in politics is better for the United States political system . "  I believe that there can be and hopefully will be differences by having more women in these positions , " Clinton said , noting that "  of course it depends on who the women are . " Clinton told the audience that while she had n't yet made up her mind on 2016 , she has "  a deep sense of commitment to my country and its future . " Not just about being a woman For Marcy Stech , spokeswoman for Emily 's List , the historic factor of a possible Clinton presidency is obviously a draw to Democratic voters . "  We see right now that there is an overwhelming excitement in battleground states to elect the first woman president , " said Stech , whose group runs Madam President , a program to elect a woman president . "  There is a clear desire among Democrats to break that glass ceiling . " But to Stech -- and others -- Clinton 's inevitability is more than just Americans looking to elect a woman . "  We know that voters do n't support women candidates just because they are women , " Stech said . Instead , she added that voters tend to see women as more focused on problem solving and more likely to work with people who they may disagree with . Mahaffee agrees with Stech . "  There is such a talent and resume gap between her and everyone else that is even potentially being floated and it is even shocking to think that one of those people is the sitting vice president , " added the historian . Even according Clinton , electing a woman just because she is a woman is not the right way to vote . When asked during a question and answer session of an appearance at UCLA whether it was important for the United States to elect a female president , Clinton quickly and bluntly said , "  Well , the right female president , yes . "	Possibility of electing the first woman president important for many Americans , survey shows Hillary Clinton has not said whether she 'll enter the race for the White House in 2016 Barack Obama generated similar excitement when he became nation 's first black president
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Kings finally have their name in lights . Their Stanley Cup triumph has lifted a weight from the shoulders of die-hard fans who have been pining for a championship trophy for 45 long years . The scrappy Kings grabbed the National Hockey League 's prestigious Stanley Cup with a 6-1 win over the New Jersey Devils . Now La La Land is rolling out the red carpet for ice hockey 's tenacious new champions , who won a long-elusive crown with Hollywood flair and reality-show grit . "  I have no words to describe this , " one fan said . "  Other than my children being born and having graduated the Police Academy , this is the single most joyous day of my life . " Now , he says , he can scratch one more item off his "  bucket list . " "  The mountain has been climbed ! " For him and other Kings ' fanatics across Southern California and in the team 's growing and crazed diaspora , the championship -- the first for the Kings since they began play in 1967 -- ended decades of futility for a franchise struggling for success in a sport typically associated with frigid temperatures and icy lakes . "  We 're No. 1 ! " long-suffering Kings fans shouted as they streamed out of the Staples Center after the game on Monday night , undaunted by a heavy police presence . Others formed a mosh pit outside the arena , jumping and smashing into one another other in celebration . As of late Monday evening , Los Angeles police reported a few minor arrests but no major problems . The Die Hard Los Angeles Kings Fan Page on Facebook chronicled the rapture , relief and disbelief from the legions who 've pulled for the team , as one fan put it , "  through thick and thin . " "  I love you My Boyzz , " one elated fan said . Another did n't know if this was a Hollywood movie or reality : "  I still need to be pinched . " "  An amazing feeling , " another fan said . "  Phew . Man . Just . Wow . " Once an afterthought in the city of showbiz and bright lights , the Kings reached the pinnacle of professional hockey in a region long dominated by the NBA 's Lakers and Clippers , baseball 's Dodgers and Angels , and football and basketball at UCLA and University of Southern California . The Kings have even been overshadowed by their crosstown Pacific Division rival , the Anaheim Ducks , which won the Stanley Cup in 2007 just 14 years after the franchise started . This year , Los Angeles just edged into the playoffs as the 8th and last seed in the NHL 's Western Conference . Regarded as a solid and respectable team , chances appeared slim that the team would advance in the grinding post-season play that started two months ago . But the black-clad underdogs , led by goalie Jonathan Quick , slew Goliaths in several best-of-seven series on their way to glory . They humbled the Vancouver Canucks , a team that had scored 111 points in this year 's regular season , the most in the league . Then the Kings swept the St. Louis Blues and overpowered the Phoenix Coyotes . They dominated the Devils , a three-time Stanley Cup champion , in the first three games of the series , but New Jersey , with great players such as Ilya Kovalchuk , Patrik Elias , and Zach Parise , did n't say die . After taking a 3-0 lead , the Devils beat the Kings in the next two games . For the Kings , the specter of losing the series after taking a 3-0 would have been a nightmare for a script that appeared headed to a happy ending . But the Kings rose to the occasion at the Staples Center on Monday night and blocked the Devils ' dream of an upset . The pace of the game was set in the first period , when the Kings scored three goals during a five-minute power play in the first period after the Devils ' Steve Bernier was ejected for boarding . That 's when a player is pushed or checked violently into the boards of the rink . "  I 'm probably going to watch the Kings Stanley Cup DVD everyday until next season starts , " one person said on the Facebook fan page . Quick displayed his usual prowess , winning the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player during the playoffs . He outshone Devils ' goalie legend Martin Brodeur in the finals , but he deferred credit for the Kings ' success to the team . For example , Drew Doughty and Jeff Carter performed with power and flair . Darryl Sutter , longtime player and coach , took over as Kings ' coach in December when the team was faltering , and he spurred the team to greater achievement . Captain Dustin Brown -- who hoisted the cup before a roaring home crowd at the Staples Center before the trophy passed from one screaming King to another -- was another cog in the Kings ' wheel . "  You ca n't say enough about this group and how hard they worked , " Quick said . "  I hope everyone realizes how amazing Quick is ... he had perhaps the best postseason ever for a goalie , " a man on the fan page said . "  The Kings need to lock him up for the next 10 years !!! " Champagne flowed freely in the Kings ' locker room -- including into the Stanley Cup itself . The team reveled in the fact that it was the first-ever No. 8 seed and lowest seed in the modern era to win the NHL championship . The mood was much more somber in the Devils ' locker room . "  I 'm not the kind of player that wants to hurt this team , I want to help them , " Bernier told reporters . "  They scored three goals in those five minutes . " In-depth Stanley Cup coverage at Sports Illustrated The fan mania is a reminder of that the NHL is popular in the South and the West , not just in Canada and the icy northern U.S. states . The NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning , the Florida Panthers , the Dallas Stars , the Nashville Predators , the Carolina Hurricanes , and the San Jose Sharks sport popular franchises . In sunny Los Angeles , meanwhile , the high-pitched enthusiasm rippled through the palm trees . "  This is , " one man told reporters . "  The best city for hockey . " The last time the Kings garnered this much attention back home was in the late 1980s and early 1990s , propelled by the league 's all-time top scorer , Wayne Gretzky . "  So when are they gon na make the movie about our cup run ??? " one Kings ' fanatic said on the Facebook page . iReporters , share your thoughts on Monday 's game CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Los Angeles , and CNN 's Holly Yan reported from Atlanta .	NEW : "  I still need to be pinched , " one disbelieving fan said NEW : This is Southern California 's 2nd Stanley Cup ; the Ducks won in '07 NEW : The Kings defeated better teams in the playoffs , including the Vancouver Canucks NEW : One fan says the Kings need to "  lock up " Quick for the next 10 years
CNN  -- The hostage crisis in eastern Algeria is over , but the questions remain . Among them , exactly how many people are unaccounted for at a remote natural gas facility after three days of chaos that ended Saturday , leaving at least 23 hostages and dozens of Islamist militants dead . Some 685 Algerian workers and 107 foreigners were freed , the Algerian Interior Ministry said . Britain 's BP said Sunday four of its workers remain unaccounted for . And Norway 's Statoil said five of its employees were missing , while 12 others are now home in Norway , Algeria and Canada . "  Search efforts are ongoing at the gas installation , looking for more possible victims . I fear the numbers will be updated with more victims later today when the search operation is expected to end , " said Mohammed Said , Algeria 's communication minister . The attackers came from six countries -- only three were Algerian -- and included Arabs and Africans , Said told state-run Radio Algeria . Algeria 's military found numerous "  foreign military uniforms " in its sweep of the In Amenas facility , its Interior Ministry said . Mauritania 's Sahara Media news agency said Sunday it had a video from Moktar Belmoktar , who leads the Al-Mulathameen Brigade associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb that regional media have reported was behind the attack . In it , Belmoktar said , "  We at al Qaeda are claiming responsibility of this blessed guerrilla operation . " Belmoktar has communicated with this and other news sites before , said Andrew Lebovich , a Senegal-based security analyst . But the news agency did not post the video , and CNN has not independently confirmed its authenticity . Eleven former hostages -- among them British citizens -- have gotten medical treatment and psychological counseling from the U.S. military at a U.S. naval base in Sigonella , Italy , a U.S. official said Sunday . The hostages were brought from Algeria to the base Friday , the official said , and are being flown to their home countries as their conditions warrant . The remains of one American hostage were also brought to the base , the official said . In a statement Saturday night , the White House said it was in close contact with Algeria 's government to "  gain a fuller understanding of what took place . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague echoed those remarks , adding his government is "  working hard to get definitive information " about each individual . Japan has 10 citizens -- likely affiliated with JGC Corp. , an engineering firm that was involved in gas production in In Amenas -- who are yet to be confirmed safe , in addition to a number of dead . Opinion : Algeria crisis is a wakeup call for America Such Islamist militant activity is not new to Africa , including recent violence in Mali and Somalia . Algeria 's status as Africa 's largest natural gas producer and a major supplier of the product to Europe heightens its importance to those who want to invest there . Yet that interest is coupled with pressure to make sure foreign nationals , and their business ventures , are safe . Youcef Yousfi , Algeria 's energy and mining minister , insisted Sunday his country can keep its gas facilities secure and ruled out foreign forces coming in to help . "  We are going to strengthen security , and we rely first on our means and resources , " Yousfi said , according to the official Algerian Press Service . Raids turn deadly Militants in pickup trucks struck the sprawling gas complex about 50 kilometers  30 miles  west of the Libyan border at dawn Wednesday , gathered the Westerners who worked there into a group and tied them up . The In Amenas plant is run by Algeria 's state oil company , in cooperation with foreign firms such as Statoil and BP , and because of that employed workers from several countries . The kidnappers wielded AK-47 rifles and put explosive-laden vests on some hostages , according to a U.S. State Department official . Algeria said the attack was in retaliation for allowing France to use Algerian airspace for an offensive against Islamist militants in neighboring Mali . And Sahara News ' report Sunday claimed Belmoktar said "  40 immigrant Jihadists and supporters of Muslim countries " led the siege in retaliation for the Mali offensive . Read more : Mali takes key town as nations ready more troops But regional analysts believe it was too sophisticated to have been planned in just days . On Thursday , Algerian special forces moved in because the government said the militants wanted to flee to Mali . The Islamic extremists also planned to blow up the gas installation and rigged it with mines throughout , the U.S. official said . Thursday 's military incursion succeeded in freeing some hostages -- but not all . Some survivors described their harrowing escapes by rigging up disguises and sneaking to safety with locals , with at least one survivor running for his life with plastic explosives strapped around his neck . Several hostages died . And the Algerian military came under criticism from some quarters for unnecessarily endangering hostages ' lives . Undeterred , the government followed with a second push Saturday . That assault killed the remaining hostage-takers but resulted in more hostage deaths . The army intervened "  to avoid a bloody turning point of events in this extremely dangerous situation , " the Algerian Interior Ministry said Saturday . "  It was clear that the terrorists were determined to escape the country with the captives and to bomb the gas installations . " On Sunday , an American lawmaker said the Algerian government turned down U.S. offers to help during the crisis . "  They decided they were going to handle it their way , " said Rep. Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican who is chairman of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee . "  They did not want us or the other hostage nations involved in the decision-making . " British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond called the loss of life "  appalling and unacceptable , " while laying blame solely on the terrorists . Countries mourn dead , try to track down missing While the military part of the operation is over , the searching and mourning is not for people in countries worldwide . In addition to combing the sprawling desert site , Algerian forces are searching hospitals and medical centers around the country , as well as towns and villages near the targeted site , according to a statement Sunday from Statoil . ` Mr. Marlboro ' : The veteran jihadist behind the attack in Algeria Colombia Colombia 's president said a citizen was presumed dead . France No known French hostages are unaccounted for , France 's Defense Ministry said Saturday . One man -- identified as Yann Desjeux -- died after telling the French newspaper Sud Ouest on Thursday that he and 34 other hostages of nine different nationalities were treated well . Three others who had been held are safe . Japan There are still 10 Japanese who have yet to be confirmed safe , JGC -- the engineering firm -- said Sunday . Malaysia Three hostages were on their way back to Malaysia , the country 's state-run news agency reported Sunday . But there is a "  worrying possibility " that another is dead , while a fifth is unaccounted for , the agency said . Norway Five Norwegians are missing , while eight are safe , Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said . "  We know that there are many fatalities , " Statoil CEO Helge Lund said Sunday . "  A new day without answers has increased our concern . " Romania One Romanian lost his life , the country 's Foreign Ministry said Saturday . Four other Romanians were freed . United Kingdom Three British citizens were killed , the Foreign Office said Sunday . Three other British nationals and a UK resident are also "  believed dead , " he said . Twenty-two other Britons who were taken hostage have safely returned home . United States At least one American , identified as Frederick Buttaccio , is among the dead , the State Department said . Six freed Americans left Algeria and one remained . Read more : Algeria attack may have link to Libya camps CNN 's Paul Cruickshank , Slma Shelbayah , Kevin Bohn , Barbara Starr and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : An Algerian official says Algeria does n't need help securing its energy facilities NEW : Algerians are searching hospitals , villages and more for missing , Statoil reports The number of those killed in the crisis will likely go up , an Algerian official says A new video reportedly claims responsibility in the name of al Qaeda
Boston  CNN  -- A federal jury Monday saw a rare display of emotion from reputed mob kingpin James "  Whitey " Bulger when he laughed while reveling in his former drug dealer 's nostalgia as the dealer testified in his federal murder trial . Jurors also saw the family of a man shot to death , allegedly by Bulger , react to disgraced former FBI supervisor 's tearful public apology for his role in two 1982 deaths . Former FBI agent John Morris apologized in court to the family of Michael Donahue , whom Bulger is charged with killing , for leaking sensitive information that eventually made its way to the reputed South Boston crime boss , and according to testimony , cost Donahue his life . "  I do n't ask for your forgiveness , but I do want to express my sincere apology for things I may have done and things I did n't do , " Morris said to the Donahue family . Michael Donahue 's three sons and widow , Patricia , sat front row in the reserved section in the Boston courtroom . Bulger is charged with killing 19 people during what prosecutors allege was a nearly 20-year reign of terror in South Boston . Morris admitted telling his "  best friend , " Bulger 's disgraced , now-jailed FBI informant handler John Connolly , the identity of another informant who had agreed to cooperate with the government against Bulger regarding the 1981 slaying of a wealthy Oklahoma businessman . Bulger faces off with FBI agent who went from pal to prosecution According to previous testimony from Bulger 's former associate and partner John Martorano , Bulger rained bullets on Donahue 's car in pursuit of drug dealer Brian Halloran to prevent Halloran from implicating Bulger and his crew in the killing . Donahue , who was not affiliated with the gang , was giving Halloran a ride home from a bar that night . He was shot to death in May 1982 . "  Not a day in my life has gone by I have n't thought about this . Not a day in my life that I do n't pray that God give you a blessing and comfort for the pain that you suffered , " Morris continued while looking directly at Donahue 's widow . "  I am truly sorry ; I do not ask for forgiveness . That 's too much , " Morris concluded in a trembling voice as tears began to well up in his eyes . Tommy Donahue , one of Donahue 's sons , and his mother returned Morris ' gaze . Outside of court , Tommy Donahue said Morris can "  take his apology and shove it . His tears and his apologies do n't mean crap to me and my family , not one bit . " During the court break , Tommy Donahue exchanged kind words with the man defending his father 's accused murderer , defense attorney Hank Brennan . Brennan elicited the apology from Morris when he pointed to the Donahue family in court and asked Morris if he has ever apologized to the "  families left behind " due to his "  inappropriate actions . " Bulger trial opens window on mob world of cold violence , fierce loyalty Donahue described his family 's "  lousy predicament . " "  We want Bulger to go to jail , but we have to rely on Whitey Bulger 's lawyers to give us the truth . The government is n't going to give it to us , " he said . "  It 's a double-edged sword . " Patricia Donahue , who spoke for the first time since the trial began , said about Morris ' apology Monday : "  No , those words did n't mean anything to me . I think he probably really feels guilty ; to me that 's a good punishment because that is something he has to live with for the rest of his life , " When court returned after a brief recess , Bulger began cracking up , his shoulders moving aggressively up and down , when his former drug dealing associate Joseph Tower started telling a story about the time Bulger , or "  Boots , " saved Tower 's brother 's life . Tower is testifying under an immunity agreement and was called to the stand to explain Bulger 's extortion business , or "  rent . " Bulger is also charged with extortion , racketeering and money laundering . Tower , former cocaine dealer , said he entered into a business agreement with Bulger , reluctantly admitting that Bulger got a piece of the earnings , in exchange for "  protection . " "  I said , now you are in serious trouble , " Tower testified he told the gangsters who kidnapped his brother , alluding to his affiliation with Bulger and how the kidnappers had made a dangerous mistake . Bulger got the kidnappers to release Tower 's brother after a money exchange gone wrong , Tower said . When the judge called a sidebar , the two old friends exchanged shoulder shrugs , head nods and brief smiles . Tower will return to the stand for cross-examination Tuesday . Why we ca n't get enough of the gangster life	A former FBI agent testifies about James "  Whitey " Bulger 's role in a 1982 homicide The agent apologizes to the victim 's family for his role in tipping off Bulger Bulger and a former drug dealing associate exchange smiles and laughter Associate recalls how Bulger saved his brother from kidnappers
CNN  -- Amazon , Apple and Google : All of these big tech companies have announced major robotics initiatives or investments in recent months . Amazon , in particular , managed to capture the public imagination when founder Jeff Bezos outlined a plan to deliver packages by drones . As drones become more mainstream , the prospect of excessive surveillance and other dangers loom . Drones drive down the costs of surveillance to a worrisomely low level . For example , it would n't be surprising if Amazon delivery drones were equipped with cameras for loss prevention . So what would stop law enforcement from asking Amazon for all of its drones ' footage in a given neighborhood where there had been a crime ? Simultaneously , drone technology has the potential to revolutionize delivery , agriculture , photography and possibly disrupt major industries . Imagine that you 're shopping at Barnes & Noble . You ask for a book that the store does not carry . Rather than send you online , Barnes & Noble flies the book over from another store while you shop or take a coffee break . Or imagine that you 're a farmer whose livelihood depends on catching crop disease early . You could use drones to fly over thousands of acres in an afternoon to spot problem areas . These are exciting uses for drones . But the real innovation will come when companies such as Amazon mix their robotics strategy with their love for open platforms . What does that mean ? Recall that the first personal computers did not come to the market until the mid-1970s . Before that , government and industry purchased or leased computer equipment dedicated to a particular purpose such as database management . That 's analogous to what Amazon and other companies are doing today . Amazon paid nearly $ 800 million for the robotics firm Kiva Systems for the specific purpose of helping to organize its warehouses . The company is now experimenting with drones for the second task of delivery . The real explosion of innovation in computing occurred when devices got into the hands of regular people . Suddenly consumers did not have to wait for IBM or Apple to write every software program they might want to use . Other companies and individuals could also write a "  killer app . " Much of the software that makes personal computers , tablets and smartphones such an essential part of daily life now have been written by third-party developers . As author Jonathan Zittrain points out , it would be hard to name a category of important software -- from word-processing to e-mail -- that some computer hobbyist did not create first at home . Today , popular apps such as Snapchat or Instagram are used by millions of people . Yet , both were created by just two or three people in their 20s . There are , of course , problems with apps for robots . You do not necessarily want a live-action version of Angry Birds using drones . And who is responsible should someone get hurt by interacting with robots ? Once companies such as Google , Amazon or Apple create a personal drone that is app-enabled , we will begin to see the true promise of this technology . This is still a ways off . There are certainly many technical , regulatory and social hurdles to overcome . But I would think that within 10 to 15 years , we will see robust , multipurpose robots in the hands of consumers . Worried about your kid getting to and from the bus ? A drone app lets you follow her there by trailing her phone and returning when she waves . Selling your house ? An app on a drone will command it to fly around your property and stitch together a panorama of photos for a virtual tour . Same drone , thousands of possibilities . Put another way , the day when Amazon or Apple opens a drone app store is the day when drone innovation takes off . On an open model , the sky is quite literally the limit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ryan Calo .	Tech companies such as Amazon or Google are planning major robotics initiatives Ryan Calo : Drone technology can revolutionize delivery , agriculture , photography He says of course there are many technical , legal and social hurdles to overcome Calo : When drone app store opens , that 's when innovation will take really off
Beijing  CNN  -- A prominent Uyghur scholar arrested by Chinese authorities for "  separatist activities " has maintained his innocence from jail as his lawyer was allowed to meet him for the first time in months . Ilham Tohti , an economics professor at Beijing 's Minzu University , was detained by police in January and taken to his native Xinjiang , China 's restive far-western region where a spate of recent violent incidents have been blamed by the government on Uyghur separatists . Li Fangping , Tohti 's lawyer , saw him Thursday in Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang , and learned that his client was put in shackles for three weeks upon arrival at the jail . "  He went on a hunger strike for some 10 days in January after they refused to provide him with Muslim food , " Li told CNN on Friday . "  They also denied him food for about 10 days in March after the Kunming incident . " On March 1 , alleged Uyghur separatists stabbed 29 people to death at a train station in the southwestern city of Kunming . "  He looked okay but said he lost 16 kilograms and complained about ailments throughout the body , including in the liver , heart and eyes , " Li added . The lawyer had feared that Tohti received a secret trial and heavy sentencing . Li describes himself as "  slightly more optimistic " after Thursday 's meeting and plans to push for more access to his client . Although a trial date remains unknown , Li said Tohti emphasized that he has never supported separatism . "  He reiterated that he has advocated to improve the rule of law , democracy and ethnic harmony in Xinjiang , " Li said . CNN 's repeated phone calls Friday to the Xinjiang government spokesman went unanswered . Vocal critic Tohti is known for his research on Uyghur-Han relations and has been a vocal critic of the government 's ethnic policies in Xinjiang , a resource-rich region long inhabited by the Turkic-speaking , largely Muslim Uyghurs . The arrival of waves of Han , China 's predominant ethnic group , over the past decades has fueled ethnic tensions . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward the Han majority in recent years over what they describe as harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and loss of economic opportunities to Han people in Xinjiang . Amnesty International has said that Uyghurs face widespread discrimination in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . Other critics , including exiled Uyghur activists , have attributed the rise of violence in Xinjiang to Beijing 's increasingly repressive rule there -- a claim the government vehemently denies . In the region 's deadliest violent incident in recent history , a suicide bombing last month killed 39 people at a street market in Urumqi . Another apparent suicide bombing left three dead in April at an Urumqi train station . The Chinese government has responded by launching a massive anti-terrorism campaign as well as pouring more economic resources into Xinjiang Executions Last week , China executed 13 people convicted of terrorism charges related to attacks on public places in Xinjiang in recent months , state media reported . The same day , a court in Urumqi sentenced three people to death for their roles in a deadly attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square last October . Defendant names revealed by state media all sounded Uyghur . "  Repression plus economic incentives -- that has continued to be the government response , " said Maya Wang , a Hong Kong-based researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  Economic development and job opportunities are important to the Uyghurs , but these things must be done in a way that respects their culture and freedom of expression . "  Unfortunately , the government is more interested in projecting what it wishes to do in Xinjiang rather than looking at what the real problems and ethnic grievances are in the region . "	Detained Uyghur scholar meets with lawyer for the first time in months Ilham Tohti , was denied food for 10 days while being held by authorities , says his lawyer His starvation period began after the March 1 attack in Kunming
CNN  -- Porto striker Hulk has been called up to the Brazilian squad for friendly internationals next month against England and Oman . Hulk , whose full name is Givanildo Vieira de Souza , has starred for the Portuguese giants since joining them last year following three seasons in J-League football in Japan . He scored twice to give Porto a 2-1 Champions League win over APOEL Nicosia of Cyprus last week . Hulk will be battling for a starting place with established stars such as Kaka of Real Madrid and Sevilla 's in-form Luis Fabiano . Brazil coach Dunga is using the friendlies to try out fringe players ahead of next year 's World Cup finals in South Africa . He is also giving a chance to Liverpool 's Favio Aurelio , Lyon 's Michel Bastos and Carlos Eduardo of Bundesliga side Hoffenheim . Manchester City 's Robinho also returns to the 24-man squad after recovering from an ankle injury which caused him to miss the final round of South American Group qualifiers . But there is not place for AC Milan pair Ronaldinho and Alexandre Pato while Dunga has not picked players from the domestic Brazilian league such as forner World Cup hero Ronaldo and ex-Inter Milan star Adriano . Brazil play their eagerly-awaited friendly against Fabio Capello 's England on November 14 in Doha and take on the more modest challenge of Oman in Muscat three days later . Brazil , who headed the South American qualifying group , will be going for their sixth World Cup triumph in South Africa . Brazilian squad : Goalkeepers : Julio Cesar  Inter Milan  , Doni  AS Roma  . Defenders : Maicon  Inter Milan  , Daniel Alves  Barcelona  , Michel Bastos  Lyon  , Fabio Aurelio  Liverpool  , Lucio  Inter Milan  , Juan  AS Roma  , Luisao  Benfica  , Naldo  Werder Bremen  . Midfielders : Elano  Galatasaray  , Kaka  Real Madrid  , Gilberto Silva  Panathinaikos  , Josue  Wolfsburg  , Lucas Leiva  Liverpool  , Ramires  Benfica  , Felipe Melo  Juventus  , Alex  Spartak Moscow  , Carlos Eduardo  Hoffenheim  , Julio Baptista  AS Roma  . Forwards : Luis Fabiano  Sevilla  , Hulk  FC Porto  , Nilmar  Villarreal  , Robinho  Manchester City  .	Porto striker Hulk drafted into Brazil squad by coach Dunga Hulk has starred for Portuguese giants since signing last year Brazil face England in presitige friendly in Qatar and then play Oman AC Milan pair Ronaldino and Pato remain on the sidelines
London  CNN  -- At least 57 people were arrested in London on Tuesday in connection with plans for anti-capitalist demonstrations before next week 's Group of Eight summit , police in Britain said . Those arrested were accused of possession of weapons with the intent to cause violent disorder , possession of pointed/bladed articles and a variety of public order offenses . Earlier , police in riot gear raided a building in central London . Britain is hosting the G8 world leaders at a summit next week in Northern Ireland . A "  Carnival Against Capitalism " has been planned by demonstrators ahead of the summit . Demonstrators long have targeted the G8 summit to protest the economic policies of the world 's leading industrial powers . The group is made up of Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States . The Carnival Against Capitalism group said it has n't negotiated with police and stressed that it wo n't be controlled . It planned a "  mass action " of protests for central London on Tuesday afternoon . "  London is right at the heart of global capitalism , " the Carnival group said on its website . "  The powerful feel safe in London so long as they go unchallenged . " "  Traditionally , carnival is the time where the people take over the streets , the bosses run and hide , and the world gets turned upside down . It is a time to celebrate our resistance and our dreams , to bring music and colour to the streets . And also to show our strength and our anger . " The group said in a statement that the mass actions "  will only be as effective as the people participating in them . " "  We have not negotiated with the police and we will not be controlled . If we look after each other , stay mobile , do n't get caught in kettles and are ready to make quick decisions about what to do next , we can make the most of the day . See you on the streets , " the group said . The London Metropolitan Police says it has "  an appropriate police plan in place . " There were nearly 1,200 officers on duty as part of Tuesday 's policing operation around the G8 summit .	People accused of having weapons with a violent intent are among those arrested Police say they have a plan to deal with street protests "  London is right at the heart of global capitalism , " Carnival Against Capitalism group says The G8 is set to meet next week in Northern Ireland
CNN  Neanderthals , meet modern humans . Modern humans , say hello to Neanderthals . Now would you two care for a date ? That was possible some 55,000 years ago in modern-day Israel , archaeologists announced this week -- a find that they say could be significant , since it could shed light on when and how our modern-day ancestors moved from Africa into Europe and Asia . It 's all based on the discovery of portions of a skull  including the top but not the jaw  in Manot Cave in western Galilee detailed in a study published Wednesday in Nature . The specimen "  is unequivocally modern " and is "  similar in shape to recent African skulls as well as to European skulls , " according to the report from a team of researchers from the University of Tel Aviv , Ben-Gurion University , Israel Antiquities Authority and elsewhere . "  It 's amazing , " co-author Israel Hershkovitz told the Guardian , explaining how the skull was found on the rocky shelf of a cave that collapsed 30,000 years ago and was revealed in 2008 . "  This is the first specimen we have that connects Africa to Europe . " Uranium-thorium dating suggests the skull dates back about 55 millennia . Why is that time frame significant ? For one thing , many scientists believe modern humans left Africa for points north 40,000 to 60,000 years ago . The Nature study suggests it was closer to the older date , and that they might have gone through the modern-day Middle East . According to the report , an analysis of the skull indicates that "  the Manot people could be closely related to the first modern humans who later successfully colonized Europe . " In other words , the first modern-day Europeans -- thought to have arrived on that continent around 45,000 years ago -- may have stopped in Israel first . But it 's not like they were all alone then among hominids , the blanket term for erect primates from chimpanzees to homo sapiens , in either place . Around that time -- what 's known as the Upper Paleolithic Period , or Late Stone Age -- there were Neanderthals both in Europe and in what 's now Israel . The Nature study claims the Manot find represents "  the only modern human specimen to provide evidence that during the Middle and Upper Paleolithic interface , both modern humans and Neanderthals concurrently inhabited the southern Levant . " This all was happening around the time of "  likely interbreeding ... with the Neanderthals " -- meaning the two groups of hominids could have gotten together and reproduced . Without DNA tests , it 's impossible to say if the adult whose skull was found was a pure descendant of the modern humans who came from Africa , or had a bit of Neanderthal ancestry mixed in . But it definitely could have happened . Or , just as possible , that person or some immediate ancestors could have reproduced with Neanderthals . "  Manot is the best candidate for the interbreeding of modern humans with Neanderthals , " Hershkovitz told the Guardian . "  There really is no other candidate . " The discovery was generally greeted warmly by experts , though with some hints of caution . This was only one specimen , after all , so there may be others out there that could be even more informative . And it was only part of a skull . Chris Stringer , of London 's Natural History Museum , tweeted that he agrees with skeptics that "  interbreeding could have happened elsewhere in Asia  50,000 to 60,000 years ago  . Also skull lacks the most informative areas . " Yet in comments to Discovery News , Stringer also acknowledged that "  Manot might represent some of the elusive first migrants in the hypothesized out-of-Africa event about 60,000 years ago , a population whose descendants ultimately spread right across Asia and also into Europe . " Stringer said , "  It is the first modern human from western Asia that is well dated to the estimated time frame of interbreeding between early modern humans and Neanderthals . " Fossil found by fisherman may reveal new type of ancient human	Experts announce the discovery of a modern human skull in what 's now Israel It dates back 55,000 years , which is also when Neanderthals were in area Study co-author : "  This is the first specimen we have that connects Africa to Europe "
CNN  -- Willie Mitchell , the Memphis producer whose percussive , string-and-horn-tinged R&B sound shaped '70s hits by such artists as Al Green and Ann Peebles , died Tuesday . He was 81 . Mitchell had been having health problems and went into cardiac arrest in December , according to his grandson , Lawrence . Mitchell "  was doing music all the way till he could n't , " his grandson , whom Mitchell helped raise , said . He worked on Rod Stewart 's most recent album , "  Soulbook , " as well as Solomon Burke 's forthcoming CD . Despite being in and out of the hospital , Mitchell would write horn and string arrangements one day and record them the next , Lawrence Mitchell said . In the 1970s , Mitchell was a principal in Hi Records and owned Royal Studios , where musicians such as drummers Al Jackson and Howard Grimes and guitarist Teenie Hodges plied their trade . His biggest success came with Green , whom he guided through a number of '70s hits , including "  I 'm Still in Love With You , " "  Let 's Stay Together , " "  Love and Happiness " and "  Call Me . " In 2003 , he and Green re-teamed for "  I Ca n't Stop , " their first album together since 1985 . Green has often talked about how important Mitchell was to his sound , working him until his voice was just so -- a difference that can be heard on his pre-Mitchell songs , such as "  Back Up Train . " Mitchell also helmed Peebles ' "  I Ca n't Stand the Rain " and O.V. Wright 's "  The Ace of Spades . " A musician himself , he had several R&B hits in the '60s . Memphis named the street in front of Royal Studios for Mitchell in 2004 . Funeral arrangements were pending , Lawrence Mitchell said .	Willie Mitchell , helmed key early '70s R&B hits , dies at 81 Mitchell 's tight drum sound was heard on songs by Al Green , Ann Peebles Mitchell worked right up to his death , his grandson said
CNN  -- June Squibb has been in show business for 60 years -- but it 's only now , with her performance in the film "  Nebraska , " that she is getting wide recognition . And no wonder . It 's not often a role gives an older woman an opportunity to say the F-word and lift up her skirts at a cemetery -- and leads to an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress . 5 things we learned from the Oscar nominations As Kate Grant in "  Nebraska , " Squibb is the blunt , put-upon wife of Woody Grant  Bruce Dern  , a cantankerous former auto mechanic who 's convinced he 's won a million-dollar sweepstakes . It 's a role that could have been played for one-dimensional laughs , but Squibb 's performance brings out both Kate 's hard edges and protective heart -- for her sons , who run interference for Woody , and for Woody himself . Director Alexander Payne was n't surprised . "  It 's called being a pro , " he told The New York Times . Squibb had also appeared in Payne 's "  About Schmidt " as Jack Nicholson 's wife , who dies early in the film . Squibb said she 's thrilled with the attention but has had plenty of time to prepare . "  I 've gone through being discovered an awful lot of times in New York on stage , and even some of the films I 've made , " she told CNN . She 's been at this acting thing for a while , with regular appearances in the theater , in small movie roles and on television . Her late husband , Charles Kakatsakis , was an acting teacher . Their son , Harry , is a filmmaker . She knows the business . She even played on the silliness of Oscar campaigning in a video for "  Jimmy Kimmel Live . " "  Nebraska " was released on DVD and Blu-ray on Tuesday . Squibb spoke with CNN about the film , her newfound fame and the Oscar nod . The following is an edited version of the interview : CNN : So what 's it like , being an overnight success at 84 ? June Squibb : It 's different , God knows -- and I certainly was never nominated for an Academy Award before -- but it 's fun . I 'm enjoying it tremendously . CNN : Tell me how this came about . You had a small role in "  About Schmidt . " Squibb :  For  "  About Schmidt " they did n't know me , and they were looking far and wide , and finally they accepted a tape from New York .  Alexander Payne  said , the minute he saw the tape he knew that 's what he wanted for "  About Schmidt . " So 10 years have gone by , and again he was looking for this woman 's role , and he told me he thought I was n't right for it . He thought I was that sweet little lady from "  About Schmidt . " But his office asked if I would take the script and read two scenes on tape for him , and I did . And he said when he saw the tape , he knew this was it . CNN : What is an Alexander Payne shoot like ? Squibb : It 's very relaxed because he 's relaxed . He basically comes into it knowing what he wants , and if he does n't , he might even tell you . In one instance , when I was telling off the family with the F-word , he said to me , I do n't know what I want . So we tried it all different ways . He 's very open . And he does understand how an actor works . He understands what we have to go through to get somewhere . CNN : How did you approach portraying the wife ? She starts out as almost dismissive of what seems like a no-good husband , and then you realize how deep and firm their passion and relationship is . Squibb : I did n't think that out so much . I think the way I work is each scene and deal with it as what that scene is . I never really thought in terms of the trip , because I was taking it . CNN : Were there any scenes that were difficult for you to do , like lifting up your skirts in the cemetery ?  In that scene , Squibb 's character mocks a former boyfriend by pulling up her skirt to show his gravestone what he missed . Squibb : The cemetery is the first scene that I shot . When I found that out , I screamed , "  Alexander ! This is hard ! " And he said , "  No , we 're doing it first , and it 'll be fine . " And of course it was . We had a good time and it was fun to shoot . I think he got what he wanted from it . The first day on set is always a little nervous-making , no matter how much you 've worked or who you worked with . CNN : Did you always want to be an actress ? Squibb : It was never a question of wanting . I always thought of myself as I am an actress . I went from Illinois to the Cleveland Playhouse and worked there for five years . And I went to New York from there . ... I went there in ' 56 , and I was on Broadway by ' 59 . I think I did five Broadway shows while I was there . I did everything -- off-Broadway , stock , anything you can possibly do . CNN : Has the acting life been all it 's cracked up to be ? Squibb : It 's been a wonderful life . Of course , it 's difficult -- it 's probably the hardest career you could ever pick . But I 've had a wonderful career ; I 've really worked a lot . I went to New York and started working right away . So I was one of the lucky ones in that respect .	June Squibb , 84 , is up for best supporting actress for "  Nebraska " Squibb has been in acting for more than 60 years She 's always had regular work , but "  Nebraska " has made her somewhat of a name
Michael Dunn killed Jordan Davis . That 's not in dispute , but according to attorneys ' opening statements Thursday in Dunn 's murder trial , almost everything else is . Assistant State Attorney John Guy , speaking for the prosecution , painted a picture of four innocent teens who stopped at a Jacksonville , Florida , gas station for gum and cigarettes amid a day of "  mall hopping and girl shopping " over Thanksgiving break in 2012 . Dunn asked the teens to turn down their music , and Jordan disrespected him , saying "  F *** that n **** r " -- nothing more -- and for that , Dunn opened fire , hitting Jordan three times . It was a markedly different account from that of defense attorney Cory Strolla , who told jurors that the music was so loud , it was rattling the windows of the teens ' SUV , and when Dunn politely asked one of them to turn it down , Jordan uttered the three-word explicit phrase , demanded his pal turn the music back up and began jawing with Dunn . Jordan then produced a weapon -- either a gun or a lead pipe , Strolla alleged -- and told Dunn , "  I 'm going to f *** ing kill you , " the attorney said . He added , "  You 're dead , bitch . This is going down now , " the attorney alleged . While Guy said Jordan and Dunn "  exchanged f-bombs back and forth , " Strolla said his client never uttered a curse word . And while Guy cited witnesses who said an incensed Dunn began shooting after telling Jordan , "  You 're not going to talk to me like that , " Strolla insisted that Jordan was getting out of the car , armed , with the intention of hurting or killing Dunn . "  The first person to get upset , and the only person to curse was Jordan Davis , " Strolla said , adding that one of the teens with Jordan , Leland Brunson , initially told police Jordan was getting out of the car when the shots rang out . Four days later , Strolla said , the teens claimed driver Tommie Stornes had the child locks activated , preventing Jordan from getting out . "  You know why he did n't duck ? He was getting out of the car with a weapon , " Strolla said . The shooting Dunn initially fired three times into Jordan 's door , which Guy said was closed , a bullet landing in each of Jordan 's legs while a third bullet traveled through his liver , lungs and aorta . A "  terrified " Stornes backed up , "  but the defendant did n't stop . He kept focus and aimed at the car , " firing four more times , Guy said . Dunn then opened the door of his Volkswagen , swung his legs out of the car and fired three more times , the prosecutor said . One bullet went through the back window of Stornes ' Dodge Durango and landed in the visor just above his head , Guy said . Police reports have indicated that the teens were unarmed , and a police interrogator told Dunn the day after the November 2012 shooting that the teens did n't have a chance to ditch any weapon because they never left the gas station parking lot . Dunn repeatedly said he feared for his life and saw either a shotgun barrel or a stick in the teens ' SUV before he began shooting . When police searched the car , Guy said , they found a basketball , basketball shoes , some clothing , a camera tripod and cups on the floor but "  no weapons . " This promises to be a bone of contention in the case , as Strolla told jurors that not only did the teens leave the gas station parking lot , they stopped in an adjacent lot about 100 yards away before returning and asking someone to call 911 . They had "  ample time to get rid of a firearm or pipe , " Strolla said . Also , Strolla said , the witnesses can not account for two of the teens ' whereabouts immediately after the shooting , and two witnesses initially told police the teens appeared to be "  stashing " something . No weapon was found because the police did not secure the parking lot to conduct a proper search , Strolla said , and it was days before authorities looked in the nearby bushes and Dumpsters . Though it does n't appear to be a factor in the case , Jordan did have a knife in his pocket . Guy classified it as a "  pocket knife , " a description with which Strolla took issue , saying it was a tactical knife with a 4-inch blade . "  It 's not a Swiss Army knife with a toothpick and scissors , " he said . The aftermath What happened immediately after the shooting is also arguable , to hear the attorneys tell it . Dunn and his girlfriend , Rhonda Rouer , drove 40 miles south to St. Augustine , where they had reservations at a bed and breakfast . Once there , Guy said , Dunn ordered pizza , "  took his little dog for a walk , " ordered a movie and "  poured a big , tall drink -- rum and Coke . " "  They had cell phones , but they did n't call 911 . He did n't drive to a police substation , " Guy said . "  That defendant put his head on his hotel pillow and went to sleep . " In the morning , Rouer saw a news report about a shooting at a Jacksonville gas station , in which a 17-year-old had been killed , and rather than call police , the couple packed their bags and drove 130 miles home to Satellite Beach , where Dunn was finally apprehended . Dunn "  was waiting till we get around people we know " to call authorities , and he wanted to ensure "  our dog and everybody were where they needed to be . I did not want to bring a s ** tstorm down on them in Jacksonville , " he told interrogators the day after the shooting . Strolla added that it was n't Dunn who ordered pizza , but Rouer , who was nervous meeting Dunn 's family for the first time that day . She had n't eaten much at Dunn 's son 's wedding and ordered the pizza because she was hungry , Strolla said . "  She 's the one who watched the movie to put herself to sleep , " the defense attorney said . Rouer is also to blame for the couple traveling home the next morning , he said . She was "  petrified " and "  did n't know the law of self-defense " and begged Dunn to take her back to Satellite Beach , Strolla said . He said , she said Witness credibility promises to be an issue as well , as the driver of teens ' car , Stornes , was on probation and violating curfew at the time of the shooting . Also , Strolla said , the witness who reported Dunn 's license plate to police is in prison and tried to leverage his testimony in Dunn 's trial for a lighter sentence . Dunn has pleaded not guilty to first degree murder and three counts of attempted first-degree murder . Between iffy witnesses and what Strolla called a shoddy investigation , the evidence will show that Dunn 's actions were lawful and justified , the defense attorney said . Had Dunn not been armed , he might have been the victim that evening , Strolla said . "  God did n't make all men equal . Colt did . Colt is a firearm , " Strolla said . "  Dunn  had every right under the law to not be a victim , to be judged by 12 rather than carried by six . " The prosecution unsurprisingly has a different take . Guy said Dunn was simply incensed by the heavy bass coming from a nearby car -- even telling Rouer before she went to buy wine and chips , "  I hate this music " -- and he began shooting when a teen defiantly took issue with being told what to do . "  Jordan Davis was sitting in his car seat with the door closed with nothing in his hands , " Guy told the jury . "  Michael David Dunn pointed a semiautomatic pistol at four unarmed kids at a distance much closer than you and I. " John Phillips , an attorney for the Davis family , told CNN he expects a quick trial , over before February 14 , two days before what would have been Davis ' 19th birthday .	Opening statements paint starkly different pictures of what led to Jordan Davis ' killing Michael Dunn has pleaded not guilty to murder , three counts of attempted murder The confrontation started when Dunn asked a group of teens to turn down their music Defense insists Davis brandished weapon ; police , prosecutors say he was n't armed
CNN  -- After moving from New York to Virginia Beach five years ago , Jennifer Herzog started noticing something odd when exiting grocery stores . Her hands and forearms felt hot , looked red and were swollen . After a few errands , she identified the irritant : plastic bags . "  There are some plastic bags that do it , and there are some that do n't , " Herzog said . "  All grocery bags pretty much are bad . " She started noticing other irritants , too : She began to have a similar response to fragrances as she had to plastic bags . Now , when she hugs someone wearing certain perfumes or colognes , her face turns red and swells . Dermatologist Joseph Fowler says skin reactions to fragrances and perfumes are common , but to have a reaction from finished plastic products like plastic bags is extremely rare , though not undocumented . "  There are a bunch of chemicals in plastics that can cause an allergy , usually when they 're in the raw material state , and the unfinished products , " said Fowler , co-author of a medical textbook on dermatitis , or inflammation of the skin . "  But because the chemicals in finished products are bound so tightly , it 's awfully hard for them to penetrate to the skin and set off the allergy . " Then again , the finished products may not be the real problem . A reaction to plastics like Herzog 's may have more to do with residue from the manufacturing process than the plastic itself , says materials science expert Andrew Dent . "  There are additives to make the plastic bags easier to process that manufacturers are putting on the outside surfaces , " said Dent , vice president of materials research at Material ConneXion . "  That could also be the problem . " Others may react with redness and swelling to plastic bags , but they do n't necessarily have an allergy . A condition called dermographic urticaria , in which the skin becomes inflamed from scratching or rubbing , is far more common , Fowler explains . For those with the condition , carrying heavy bags from the grocery store could be enough to cause a reaction . Herzog , however , has developed allergies to some chemicals in plastics and perfumes , her doctor tells her , as well as to seasonal allergens like pollen . Her doctor explained that allergies to just about anything can develop at any time . "  I do n't understand how it just comes out of nowhere , because I never , never had issues , " Herzog said . She wonders whether things could just as suddenly get even worse for her or for people she knows . It 's a notion she 's confronted with not just in her personal life but also at work , in the catered food she arranges for groups of children and preteens at big events . Despite being 28 years old , Herzog has worked in the food and beverage industry long enough to see a dramatic increase in the number of children with food sensitivities , she says . She wonders whether people are generally becoming more sensitive to things . "  It 's amazing how many allergies these kids have . It 's insane . We 're preparing more special meals than regular meals . Which is weird , because then when you do adult functions , you maybe have like one or two allergies . The chefs are becoming very well-versed in this now . " Herzog 's observations have some backing in peer-reviewed medical studies . The latest numbers -- now two years old -- draw from 40,000 children in the U.S. and reveal that 8 % of those under the age of 18 have food allergies . That 's twice the number estimated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , using data collected in 2007 . Dr. Ruchi Gupta , who led the study finding the 8 % figure , says that 's probably a conservative number , in part because her team discounted reports by parents when the symptoms sounded more like a food intolerance , such as to gluten or lactose , than a true food allergy . Although Gupta and the CDC used parent surveys to make their estimates , hospital records show a similar upward trend . U.S. hospitals discharged about 4,135 children with diagnosed food allergies each year between 2001 and 2003 . For the period from 2004 to 2006 , that average annual number jumped to 9,537 , according to the CDC . "  Food allergy among children in the United States is becoming more common over time , " states the CDC website . Whether food intolerance to lactose and gluten is also increasing is harder to determine , in part because the conditions often go undiagnosed . As the medical community grapples to understand the problem and what can be done about it , businesses have had to adapt and accommodate . "  It 's a matter of life and death , especially with children . Six or seven years ago , you 'd just say , ` Sorry , that risk is too much to take . I  would  suggest they bring something with them , or they do n't come , ' " said Jennifer Delaye , president of the International Caterers Association . "  Now , today , it 's a standard way of doing business . Entire menus are designed around that . "	"  There are a bunch of chemicals in plastics that can cause an allergy , " Dr. Joseph Fowler says Reaction to plastics may have more to do with leftover residue from the manufacturing process Food allergies among children in the U.S. becoming more common , the CDC says
CNN  -- A Dolton , Illinois , police officer assigned to a school was placed on administrative leave and later resigned after a surveillance video surfaced of him allegedly assaulting a special-needs student , officials said . Videotape allegedly shows an unidentified police officer assaulting student Marshawn Pitts , 15 . Ed Manzke , an attorney who represents the student , Marshawn Pitts , 15 , told CNN Wednesday the officer beat Pitts for not adhering to the school 's dress code . The incident occurred in May at the Academy for Learning , a Dolton high school for special-needs students . Pitts was admitted to the school in May after moving from Iowa , Manzke said . He suffered brain injuries as a child when he was hit by a car . The police officer , who has not been identified , reprimanded Pitts for not tucking in his shirt as school dress code and policy requires . A video , released to Pitts ' parents by the school several weeks after the incident , showed Pitts talking to the officer and a faculty member grabbing Pitts ' arm . Pitts pulls away and walks down the hall , with the officer and faculty member close behind . But the officer then slams him against the lockers and pins him on the floor -- breaking his nose , according to Manzke . Pitts was treated by a school nurse after the incident , then taken to the Dolton Police Department , where his mother picked him up , Manzke said . The officer was taken to a hospital and treated for an eye scratch , Manzke said . But , he said , the officer was never charged with anything and an explanation for the incident was never provided . In a written statement , Guy Lindsay , internal information officer for Dolton police , said the department was made aware of the incident and the tape on May 20 . After review of the tape , the officer was removed from the school and placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation , Lindsay said . While on administrative leave , the police officer returned to the department and voluntarily resigned , Lindsay said . The investigation continues , he said . In a statement obtained by CNN affiliate WGN , the Academy for Learning said it could not comment on an incident involving a specific student . But , the school said , "  Unfortunately , the physical restraint of a student sometimes becomes necessary . In such instances , AFL and its staff are committed to employing techniques that are safe , effective and which conform to best practice standards . "  Annually , a Behavioral Intervention Committee comprised of administrators , staff , union representatives and parents convenes to review restraint procedures . The AFL Behavior Management Team also participates in professional development and training regarding physical restraint on an annual basis . After a physical restraint occurs , the team meets to process , debrief and evaluate the incident and use of a physical restraint . AFL addresses the unauthorized or inappropriate use of a physical restraint , or improper techniques , as necessary , as an internal manner . " Pitts ' parents are considering litigation against the city of Dolton , the school and Dolton police , Manzke said . He added he is in talks with Dolton police to settle the case . If those talks are not fruitful , Manzke said , a lawsuit could be filed within a few weeks . Pitts is now living with his father and attending another school , Manzke said . CNN 's Monica Trevino and Kara Devlin contributed to this report	Officer beat student for not adhering to school 's dress code , says student 's lawyer Incident at Academy for Learning , a Dolton high school for special-needs students Student , Marshawn Pitts , 15 , suffered brain injuries as a child in car accident Academy for Learning would not comment on incident involving a specific student
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford left the Governor 's Mansion on Friday to visit with his family in Florida , his office said . South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford says her husband , Mark , must rebuild trust with his family and with the state . Sanford departed the mansion , where he has spent much of the last 48 hours , in the passenger seat of a state vehicle . The Republican governor will spend the Fourth of July holiday weekend with his wife and their four boys . "  The Sanford family asks members of the media to respect their privacy while they are together this weekend , " his spokesman said in a statement Thursday . "  The Sanfords also hope to take a longer family vacation toward the end of July . " After disappearing for nearly a week , Sanford admitted last week that he 'd been in Argentina with his mistress . His admission followed days of confusion over his whereabouts . His staff had said the governor was hiking the Appalachian Trail , and his wife had told reporters she did not know where he was . He later revealed to The Associated Press that he 'd seen his mistress several times in the past year and that he 'd also "  crossed lines " with other women . Jenny Sanford released a statement Thursday calling Sanford 's actions "  inexcusable , " but she left the door open to reconciling with her husband . She said that although she is willing to forgive her husband , "  it is up to the people and elected officials of South Carolina to decide whether they will give Mark another chance as well . " "  Actions have consequences , and he will be dealing with those consequences for a long while . Trust has been broken and will need to be rebuilt . Mark will need to earn back that trust , first and foremost with his family , and also with the people of South Carolina , " she said in a statement . "  The real issue now is one of forgiveness . I am willing to forgive Mark for his actions . We have been deeply disappointed in and even angry at Mark . " Her statement came shortly after it was announced that a review of the governor 's travel records showed no misuse of public funds in his travels . Sanford already paid back the state for the Argentina leg of a state-funded missions trip last year because he saw the woman he had an affair with on that trip . "  Mark showed a lack of judgment in his recent actions as governor . However , his far more egregious offenses were committed against God , the institutions of marriage and family , our boys and me . Mark has stated that his intent and determination is to save our marriage and to make amends to the people of South Carolina , " Jenny Sanford said . In the week after Mark Sanford admitted to his affair , nearly half of South Carolina 's 27 Republican state senators called on him to step down . Despite the growing chorus , Sanford has no plans to step aside , his office said Thursday . "  He remains committed and determined to repair the damage he has done in his marriage and to building back the trust of the people of South Carolina , " his office said . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Bill Bennett said that politically Sanford , once a rising star for the GOP , is "  a dead man walking . " Bennett joins calls for Sanford 's ouster "  He is embarrassing himself . There is the old notion of indecent exposure -- usually that refers to somebody showing some skin they should n't -- and there 's another form of indecent exposure : He is telling us way too much , " he said . Watch Bennett discuss the political drama " Bennett also suggested that the GOP can easily fill the gap Sanford would leave . "  We have other people , " he said . "  We have other people who are not only fiscally interesting and sound but also can keep their lives together . " CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford leaves for trip to Florida Jenny Sanford says she is willing to forgive her husband and reconcile Mark Sanford is n't resigning , his office says Nearly half of South Carolina 's 27 GOP state senators call on Sanford to resign
CNN  -- French international Franck Ribery scored both goals for Bayern Munich in their 2-0 win over Schalke , on Sunday , but the Bavarian giants remain four points behind Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund , who defeated Hanover 3-1 . Ribery , who was angry to be substituted in Bayern 's Champions League defeat by Basel in midweek , opened the scoring with a superb 36th-minute individual goal , deftly flicking the ball away from keeper Timo Hildebrand before rolling the ball into an empty net . And he sealed the points for the home side 10 minutes after the break , slotting the ball home after a one-two with Bayern teammate Thomas Muller . But , despite the victory , champions Dortmund are still the side in pole position in the German title race after they saw off Hanover in front of a remarkable crowd of over 80,000 supporters . Poland striker Robert Lewandowski was their match-winner , with a double strike of his own to give Dortmund a seventh straight win and sixth in the Bundesliga . The 23-year-old opened the scoring in the 27th minute and doubled his tally early in the second half from close range after being set up by compatriot Jakub Blaszczykowski . A superb long-range strike from Ivory Coast striker Didier Ya Konan , who spotted Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller well off his line , gave the visitors some hope . But subsitute Ivan Perisic secured the points for Dortmund with a decisive third goal in injury time . Meanwhile , in Italy 's Serie A , in-form Napoli beat Inter Milan 1-0 to pile the pressure on Nerazzurri coach Claudio Ranieri after a seventh defeat in eight matches . Ezequiel Lavezzi 's second-half strike settled the match at the San Paolo to lift Napoli to 40 points and fifth place while Inter remain in seventh on 36 points . Napoli , who beat Chelsea in midweek in the Champions League , could even play the last 12 minutes with 10 men after Salvatore Aronica 's sending off . Ranieri told Italian television after the defeat that his future was in doubt . "  I do n't know what the president  Massimo Moratti  will do now . This is a question for him . I would say Ranieri should continue . I still believe in these players , " he said .	French international Franck Ribery scores twice as Bayern Munich defeat Schalke 2-0 Robert Lewandowski also hits a double as Borussia Dortmund beat Hanover 3-1 The results mean Dortmund remain four points clear of Bayern at top of Bundesliga Inter defeat puts pressure on Claudio Ranieri in Italy
CNN  -- Call it a tech-induced hydrophobia . Consumer electronics and water do n't mix , and for many , there are few things more nerve-racking than a smartphone or tablet that 's been accidentally doused . A rainy day or a trip to the beach means gingerly baby-sitting our devices . And kitchens and bathrooms are fraught with danger zones : sinks , bathtubs and worse . "  I ca n't tell you how many people I know who 've accidentally dropped their phone in the toilet , or their kid spilled their juice box all over it , " CNET senior writer Maggie Reardon told CNN . A soaked phone or tablet has traditionally meant shelling out for a costly replacement . But new technology has moved beyond waterproof cases and "  rugged " cell phones designed to withstand rough conditions . Devices highlighted at this year 's Mobile World Congress and Consumer Electronics Show suggest the future is bright for phones and tablets that are both stylish and waterproof -- or at least water-resistant . Sony 's Xperia Tablet Z was a hot item at last week 's Mobile World Congress because of its sleek design and functionality , with the ability to withstand getting wet a cool add-on . "  If you 're having a bath and you really want to enjoy that great movie ... and  the tablet  accidentally falls into the bath , it 's OK , " said Xperia Z product manager Sharath Muddaiah . That level of waterproofing is already incorporated in a few Sony smartphones such as the Acro S and Advance , and most recently with the Xperia Z . The Xperia Z 's makers said it can withstand sprays of water -- such as sprinkler play on a lawn or a water fight . They even claim it can be dunked in up to 3 feet of water for up to 30 minutes . There 's no specific or special coating on the device , Muddaiah said . Rather , the device is made water-resistant in all of its parts without the stereotypically bulky design for which so-called rugged phones have been known . "  We see today that a lot of consumers would like to use their device in the rain -- say you 're trying to using Google Maps and navigating , " Muddaiah said . Or "  you 're out at the pub and someone accidentally spills their drink . If that 's the case , you can just rinse the device under a tap of water . " However , Sony cautions that the device 's port covers need to be sealed up tight for its claim to ... well , hold water . The phone 's micro-SIM slots , micro-USB and headphone sockets all have little rubber-lined port covers -- sort of like the gas tank cover on a car -- that must be flipped out for access , as Engadget noted in its review of the Xperia Z phone . Sony is n't alone in efforts to provide a sturdier smartphone . China 's Huawei submerged its Ascend D2 phone for the benefit of attendees at the Mobile World Congress , and Kyocera added a water-resistant Hydro smartphone to its line last summer . Motorola also has options for the water wary , such as the RAZR M , RAZR HD and the RAZR Maxx HD . Hottest gadgets at world 's biggest mobile technology show "  We use a splash-guard coating on our phones to help with the accidental coffee spill or when you get caught in the rain , " a spokeswoman for the company told CNN . A second rep described it as "  hydrophobic nano-coating , " which "  permeates into the device to repel water " and also protects the electrical boards inside . That said , the rep added , "  you should n't submerge the phone . " Other companies trying to solve tech 's liquid-incompatibility problem repeat the same mantra : Water-resistant features are there to help in case of accidents , not to make a phone safe for scuba diving . A startup called Liquipel offers a liquid-repellent coating , now in its second generation , that encases electronics to keep them dry . The company said its coating can hold up against use in heavy rain or a surprise dunking . The downside : It costs at least $ 60 , and you must part with your phone for several days while Liquipel applies the coating and then ships it back to you . Its effectiveness has been up for debate as curious testers have posted a range of online reviews -- both positive and negative Where Liquipel sells to consumers , companies such HzO and P2i are focusing on incorporating their waterproofing technology in products before they 're shipped out . The liquid-repellent coating developed by P2i can be found on the Alcatel One Touch 997 , whereas HzO just announced a partnership with Atelier Haute Communication to apply its waterproofing technology to a forthcoming limited edition TAG Heuer Android phone . While P2i describes its invisible "  hydrophobic layer " as covering the exterior and interior of a product , HzO touts what it calls "  WaterBlock " technology , which is applied to the internal circuitry of a device to protect it from moisture . How mainstream water-resistant features become will likely depend on demand , said CNET 's Reardon . "  Some of these fringe guys , like Kyocera and Sony , are seeing an opportunity that the average consumer wants some of those features , too . You can see it because of the massive market for cases and accessories to keep these devices shock-proof and also water-resistant , " Reardon said . The real question , she said , is whether we 'll start to see top manufacturers such as Apple adding the feature to their products . "  I 'm not sure if we 're going to see that immediately , " Reardon said , "  but it would n't surprise me if in a couple of years this became a more standard feature on devices . " In the meantime , there 's always that low-tech fix if your beloved device has gone for an unplanned swim : Find a bowl and pick up a bag of rice . Check out more news on CNN.com	Sony 's water-resistant Xperia Z smartphone and tablet have been hot items The two devices are the latest in emerging sleek , slim water-resistant gadgets The greater the consumer demand , the more likely this feature will go mainstream
CNN  Beantown vs. the Emerald City . Snow vs. rain . Tea vs. coffee . Why wait for the Super Bowl ? Let 's start the Boston-Seattle smack talk now . Sunday 's preeminent football game is more than just the Patriots against the Seahawks . It also pits two northern coastal cities against each other in a clash of cultures : East vs. West , Pilgrims vs. loggers , tweed vs. flannel , "  wicked pissah " vs. "  hey , the mountain is out . " Which burg is better ? We 've come up with a highly unscientific scorecard . Let 's break it down : Sure , the Boston Tea Party helped free us from British rule and all , but how could we survive without our daily coffee ? Score : Seattle 1 , Boston 0 No contest here . Score : Seattle 1 , Boston 1 "  Singles , " that ode to Seattle 's early - '90s grunge scene , has n't aged as well as the Matt Damon-Robin Williams bromance . How do you like them apples ? Score : Boston 2 , Seattle 1 They 're both worthy , but Nirvana may be the most influential rock band of the past 25 years . Score : Boston 2 , Seattle 2 Junior was amazing , but he never hit .406 . Score : Boston 3 , Seattle 2 What would you rather listen to : someone shouting "  the British are coming ! " or "  Purple Haze " ? Score : Boston 3 , Seattle 3 Baked beans are tasty . But they never led the NBA in scoring , won an MVP award and brought tears to the eyes of moms everywhere . Score : Seattle 4 , Boston 3 Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name . Score : Seattle 4 , Boston 4 Once the tallest structure west of the Mississippi River , the 605-foot-tall Space Needle is built to withstand winds of up to 200 miles per hour and has a revolving restaurant on top with views of Mount Rainier . The Bunker Hill Monument has 294 steps . Score : Seattle 5 , Boston 4 I like big butts and I can not lie . Score : Seattle 6 , Boston 4 Harvard gave us Teddy Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy , Henry David Thoreau and Neil deGrasse Tyson . Microsoft gave us Windows Vista . Score : Seattle 6 , Boston 5 Both cities serve a mean clam/fish chowder , but let 's be honest : Boston 's is the original -- and more fun to pronounce . Get your chowdah heah ! Score : Seattle 6 , Boston 6 Four months after it opened to traffic in 1940 , the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapsed in 40-mph winds . But Bill Buckner and the infamous '86 Red Sox were one strike away from winning the World Series . Boston 7 , Seattle 6 By our scoring , venerable Boston comes out on top -- barely -- over its upstart West Coast rival . Let 's hope the actual Super Bowl is this close .	Sunday 's Super Bowl pits the New England Patriots vs. the Seattle Seahawks It 's also a cultural clash between Boston and Seattle . Here 's our scorecard
CNN  -- Inter Milan stayed on course for the treble after beating Lazio 2-0 on Sunday to open up a two-point gap over Roma in the Serie A title race . It completed a superb week for Inter , who reached the final of the Champions League with an aggregate win over Barcelona on Wednesday . They also face Roma in the Italian Cup final next Wednesday having leapfrogged the capital side with their latest victory . Lazio , fighting a relegation battle , were no match for Jose Mourinho 's high-flyers , who are bidding for a fifth straight league title . Argentine defender Walter Samuel headed in the opener just before halftime from a Wesley Sneijder cross . Inter continued to press after the break and Thiago Motta scored the second from a Maicon corner in the 70th minute . Roma had briefly led Serie A after their 2-1 win at Parma on Sunday with both teams now having two matches left to press their title claims . Earlier , Sampdoria and Palermo both won to stay locked in the battle for the fourth and final Champions League qualifying place . Sampdoria , who lead Palermo by two points , beat already relegated Livorno 2-0 while the Sicilians beat Siena 2-1 . The defeat sends Siena down . In other games , Napoli and Juventus booked Europa League places . Napoli won 2-1 away to Chievo while Juve dropped to seventh , but secured their spot with a 1-1 draw at Catania . At the other end of the table , Bologna drew 1-1 with Atalanta to improve their chances of surviving the drop . In the Netherlands , FC Twente sealed the Dutch title with a 2-0 win over NAC Breda to leave them one point ahead of Ajax , who beat NEC Nijmegen 4-0 . It is a remarkable triumph for a side managed by former England boss Steve McClaren who could not match the spending power of their Amsterdam rivals . Bryan Ruiz and Miroslav Stoch scored the Twente goals to clinch the championship and a Champions League place .	Inter Milan beat Lazio 2-0 to regain lead in Serie A from Roma Inter can win the treble after reaching the final of Italian Cup and Champions League FC Twente seal Dutch title after 2-0 win over NAC Breda
Dover , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The Tuttle farming legacy may come to an end soon . Since 1635 , the Tuttle farm has been passed from father to son and after years of thought , Will Tuttle has put what 's known as the country 's longest family-run farm up for sale . As the 11th generation Tuttle man to farm this now 134-acre plot of land in New Hampshire , Will Tuttle says he has no regrets . "  I 'm not a museum curator , I 'm a farmer , " Tuttle says . He 's tall , lean and tanned from head to toe , apart from his red cheeks and white beard . Shaking his head underneath the beating sun , he adds , "  I was n't the first one . I may be the last one . You ca n't live anybody else 's dream , and 57 years is enough . " Tuttle , now 63 , left the farm to attend Tufts University in the 1970s . But after graduation , he grew tired of his job as a salesman and says he was drawn by the feeling of "  self-reliance , satisfaction at the end of the day " that farming gave him . "  The variety of our lives here , as on every farm , is incredible , " Tuttle says . "  Being out in the fresh air , being tired when I get home , that 's all good stuff , " he says , sighing , and adding that those also are the worst parts about farming . Tasking work Tuttle wakes up at 4:30 a.m. and says he works anywhere from 12 to 17 hours a day . He says he 's learned to "  survive on less sleep " but admits he longs to spend more time with his children . As he trudges along rows of tall , ripe corn , Tuttle recalls what his grandfather once told him . "  He said be careful where you set foot on this farm because that footprint is going to be there for the rest of time , you 're gon na leave your mark on this farm , " he says . But in the end , Tuttle admits he "  had to take the weight of our ancestors off the decision , they 're not here to advise us . I think probably most of them died with their boots on . " Tuttle says his health has been compromised by decades of farm work ; he ruptured his Achilles tendon a couple of years ago and he says he suffers from neck and back problems . Standing next to her big brother Will , Lucy Tuttle confesses she has mixed feelings about selling the family 's land and says it will be a tough adjustment . "  I feel a great sense of continuity here with the family , " she says , "  To be standing there hoeing or weeding and to think about my father doing that or my grandfather doing that ... is just an incredible feeling . " But Will Tuttle says his two grown sons were not interested in running the family business and he could n't make the decision for his two younger sons to carry on the tradition . "  I believe it would be unfair of me to say ... one of my kids is going to run it . I ca n't decide for them , " he said . Customers and condolences On a tour of Tuttle 's Red Barn store , youngest sister Becky Tuttle , 58 , points to a heap of fresh radishes , proudly noting "  everything that says ` our own ' on the sign was grown here . " The air-conditioned shop resembles a modern grocery store , but with freshly picked vegetables of all sizes and colors as the main attraction . Abundant varieties of squash and lettuce are lined up on shelves near a mound of the Tuttles ' "  famous " sweet corn . Fresh cucumbers are added as soon as they are scrubbed clean . Many regulars recognize Becky Tuttle and they ask about her family . They also offer their condolences . Kathleen McShera , a lifelong customer who shops at the store at least once a week , says the thought of the Tuttles selling their farm brings tears to her eyes . "  I 've got goosebumps . It 's really sad . It 's a tradition . It 's been here forever , " she says . In 1956 , when the Tuttles ' parents started the farm stand store , Becky Tuttle says , "  This place became a destination for people , where they could come and know they were getting fresh , homegrown , quality vegetables . " Since then , she says , "  Supermarkets have caught up to speed " on offering fresh vegetables and gourmet products and they have competitive prices that are hard to match . "  Places like Walmart and even the supermarkets with their buying power , to buy the products we sell , they are able to buy them cheaper at wholesale than we can , " she says . That results in retail prices that are often cheaper than the Tuttles ' wholesale prices . Fresh ideas , fresh backs Although the Tuttles will not be working on the farm once it 's sold , the three older Tuttle siblings remain hopeful about the land 's future . As a first step of the selling process , the family went through a conservancy to ensure the farm would be worked and viable for generations to come . "  I believe it 's not psychologically possible for the three of us to sell this farm for residential or commercial development , " Will Tuttle says . "  The fact that it 's going to remain open in someone 's gentle care , in some form or another is very comforting to me . " Though they 've booked showings already , Tuttle says the farm 's sale is not imminent . "  This is not going to sell in one day , " he says . "  Its may take a long time to sell it . We 're prepared to battle it out until that time and spend what 's left of our energy , so I can keep this place as vital as it can be . " Becky Tuttle adds that for now , "  The business still will remain open , and the corn is still as fresh and sweet as ever . " What 's needed to make the farm thrive for years to come ? Tuttle says the farm needs a "  fresh approach , fresh ideas and fresh legs and backs to do that . "	The oldest family farm in U.S. -- the Tuttle farm in New Hampshire -- is up for sale After working for up to 17 hours a day , Will Tuttle says he has health problems His grown sons are n't interested in farming and he wo n't pressure 2 younger sons Conservancy will ensure farm would be worked and viable for generations to come .
CNN  -- Trick-or-treating and dressing in costume have been Halloween traditions for a good long time now , but it seems we 're still struggling to get it right . We pass judgment on the ghouls and goblins at our front steps . We bang on the doors of darkened houses . We show up to parties in offensive costumes . So here are a few Halloween PSAs , six not-so-gentle reminders of how to keep in the holiday spirit alive and sugared up . Read them , memorize them , share them and have your happiest Halloween yet . Give goodies to any child who shows up at the door Halloween night is not the time to quibble over the quality of trick-or-treaters ' costumes or whether some kids are too old to ask for free candy . And do n't even bother questioning whether they 're from your neighborhood , as if visitors do n't deserve your Snickers . Last week , a letter to Slate 's Dear Prudence columnist , Emily Yoffe , said the majority of trick-or-treaters in the advice seeker 's wealthy neighborhood appeared to be from poorer areas . "  It just bugs me , because we already pay more than enough taxes toward actual social services , " the letter writer said . "  Should Halloween be a neighborhood activity , or is it legitimately a free-for-all in which people hunt down the best candy grounds for their kids ? " The rules on this are pretty obvious , as Yoffe pointed out : "  Stop being callous and miserly and go to Costco , you cheapskate , and get enough candy to fill the bags of the kids who come one day a year to marvel at how the 1 % live . " Too cool for a costume ? Do n't go to a costume party . You do n't have to like Halloween . You do n't have to welcome trick-or-treaters . You do n't have to pretend to enjoy parties where the main courses are caramel apples and candy corn .  More for us ! But if you decide to attend your pal 's costume party , at least put a modicum of effort into it . It 's not hard . Showing up in your work clothes and saying , "  I 'm an underappreciated ______  accountant , server , journalist etc.  , " just is n't clever . If you truly ca n't be bothered and ca n't wait till plainclothes parties return next weekend , at least keep the snark to a minimum . Everyone is just trying to have a little fun . It 's a culture , not a costume No blackface , no whiteface , no religious symbols , no American Indian garb ... shall we go on ? Every year on Halloween , an insensitive or ignorant few fail miserably in their attempts to be edgy or clever or funny . When celebrities do this , it spurs a relentless cycle of online rage , hole-digging defenses and public apologies . It 's not any prettier when it happens at your neighborhood Halloween bash , your lighthearted college kegger or in your kids ' class party . In recent years , students at Ohio University even created a viral campaign to remind their classmates that poking fun at race or ethnicity is n't actually funny . Still , it seems every year that a few miss  or ignore ?  the message . Do n't be one of them . Costumes do n't have to be sexy Halloween can be the perfect time for adults to show off a little something saucy . If that 's your aim , go ahead . But do n't do it because it seems easy or like it 's the only option . After all , showing up as a barely clothed version of a not-even-kind-of-sexy thing is n't hot . It 's ... awkward and , at this point , not surprising -- all the supposedly sexy gerbils , crayons and Girl Scouts of Halloweens past beat you to it . Also : Brrr . Is n't it October where you live , you weirdly "  sexy " bottle of ketchup ? If you 're feeling like "  sexy " costumes are the only thing available , check out the ideas at Take Back Halloween . It offers up costume plans the average adult partygoer can pull off with a stretch of Spandex required . On this dark and stormy night , look for the light It 's a very simple bit of Halloween communication , more powerful than all the trick-or-treating apps and maps out there : the porch light . If it 's on , feel free to knock at the door or ring the bell once , screech your best "  Trick or treat ! "  or tell a joke , or whatever your local candy-grabbing custom may be  and gratefully accept whatever treats you 're offered . If the light is off , move along . And needless to say , do n't egg the house . Potential candy-givers should n't forget this rule , either . You do n't want to send packs of Ninja Turtles and "  Frozen " princesses away empty-handed -- or end up eating your jumbo-size bag of Smarties by yourself . Or do you ? Spooky decor expires on November 1 Unless you 're committing to a haunted look all year long , there 's a clear expiration date on your Halloween decorations : November 1 .  Fine , fine . On years when Halloween falls early in the week , you get a few extra days -- but only through the next weekend . You 're welcome . Do n't be that neighbor trying to pass off your soggy faux cobwebs as holiday icicles . So , take a few minutes this weekend to compost your pumpkins and sweep up your spiders . You might even feel a little behind : Store shelves are already buckling beneath the weight of plastic trees and inflatable snowmen .	Every Halloween , people ignore a few rules that will help keep the holiday happy Costumes do n't have to be sexy and should never be based on stereotypes Porch light on ? Trick-or-treat ! Porch light off ? Move along , kids After October 31 , do n't leave moldy pumpkins on your porch for weeks
CNN  -- Since she was a college student , Ilene Gordon dreamed of running a Fortune 500 company . She finally achieved that goal last year when her company Ingredion exceeded sales of $ 6 billion for the first time , making her one of only 21 women to run a company in the coveted Fortune 500 list . "  Over a 35 year career , I got there , " said Gordon , chief executive , chairman and president of Ingredion . "  When we became a Fortune 500 company a year ago when our sales hit over six billion , I have to say that was my dream , it was very satisfying to fulfil that dream . " In the four years since Gordon joined Ingredion -- which makes food additives such as starches and corn syrup - its share price has gone from $ 25 to $ 60 . "  We 're a very global company with over 11,000 people , " she said . "  So really my job entails not only running the company from our Chicago base but really getting out into the field and to our 40 different factories . " "  It 's a 24/7 job . I love it , and I 've built on my whole career to be ready for a position like this . " Her achievement is even more remarkable given the company has faced a public backlash over one of its staple products , high-fructose corn syrup , which many people blame for rising obesity . When Gordon joined the company -- then called Corn Products -- in 2009 , she quickly diversified into other products , acquired National Starch and changed its name to Ingredion to reflect its new focus . "  We really diversified and actually only 14 % of our sales globally are focused on high fructose for the soft drink industry , " said Gordon . "  It is a perception problem and high fructose and sugar are really the same dynamics , " said Gordon . "  Consumers really want healthy food , and so it became clear that to grow the company why not grow with this trend of people looking for health and nutrition type ingredients . "  So we 've made acquisitions , and we 've diversified away from that and really have grown the company with modified starches that really provide a very healthy ingredient . " Gordon , born in 1953 , studied math at MIT in the 1970s , originally intending to be a high school math teacher . "  Instead I met these incredible women that were going to be lawyers , doctors , and PhDs in nutrition and science , " she said . "  It really influenced me to say ` Wait a minute . I can do more than teach . ' which was a traditional field . And that 's when I decided to go into business . " Gordon earned a Masters degree in business and decided to go into manufacturing because there were so few women , and she felt it was an opportunity to be a "  pioneer " . This eventually led to her first CEO role , heading up Alcun Packaging , a division of Rio Tinto . "  They wanted me to move to Paris and make a decision in 48 hours . My family was in Chicago , and I did n't know quite how we would make it happen . But it was a great opportunity to be a global CEO of a six and half billion dollar company , and I said ` I 'll take it , and I 'll figure it out . " Gordon has never been afraid of standing out . At school , she complained to her principal about being forced to take sewing and cooking classes with the girls , and instead took shop lessons with the boys . Later , at MIT , she was outnumbered by more than 10 to one by men . "  I 've always pushed ahead and been a pioneer in everything that I 've done , " she said .	Ilene Gordon is one of only 21 women running Fortune 500 companies She grew and diversified the firm after controversy over high-fructose corn syrup Gordon entered manufacturing to be a "  pioneer " among women
CNN  -- India 's Shiv Kapur holds the clubhouse lead at the weather-affected Dutch Open at Hilversum , although over half the field have still to complete their second rounds . Kapur finished his first round of Friday , after vandalism to some greens , and heavy rain , forced widespread disruption on Thursday . And he followed his opening four-under-par 66 with a steady 67 to lie one stroke ahead of Briton Gary Orr  66  and South African James Kingston  68  . "  I 've been driving the ball really well , and on this course there is a big premium on hitting a lot of fairways , " 28-year-old Kapur told the official European Tour website . "  The driver has been behaving and I gave myself quite a few chances . Overall I just played quite solid , " added Kapur -- who is still seeking his maiden victory on Tour . Meanwhile , Sweden 's Oscar Floren and U.S. Open champion Rory McIlory lie just two shots behind , with Mcilory having to play 27 holes on Friday . The Northern Irishman began with a level-par 70 , but carded six birdies in his second round for a five-under-par 36-hole total of 135 . "  I do n't feel I drove the ball particularly well . There were a couple of loose shots but I got some lucky breaks , " he told reporters . Of those players still out on the course , Briton Stephen Dodd and joint overnight leader Marcel Siem of Germany head the field on eight-under-par . Dodd only has five holes to play , but Siem still has seven holes remaining in his second round .	India 's Shiv Kapur holds the clubhouse lead at the Dutch Open on Friday Kapur followed up his opening 66 with a second round 67 at Hilversum Gary Orr and James Kingston share second with half the field to still on the course
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy is having hundreds of its older F/A -18 fighter jets inspected , including some flying operations over Afghanistan , for cracks in part of a wing assembly , officials said Friday . Inspectors looking at F/A -18 fighter jets have found 15 with stress crack problems on the wings . Some 636 F/A -18 A through D model Hornets in both the Navy and the Marine Corps are being inspected for stress cracks on a hinge connecting the aileron to the flaps on the back side of the wings , according to Navy spokesmen . Inspectors started looking at the planes Thursday and have found 15 aircrafts with the problem . A panel on the wing can be swapped out with a new one to get rid of the problem . The Navy is still looking at the hinge in question to see whether the problem is severe enough to ground the Hornets and come up for a permanent fix for the hinge . Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the 636 planes . This month , a post-flight inspection of one F/A -18 found a crack , and it was determined to be systemic enough to warrant an inspection of the older F/A -18 s , according to Navy officials . The Navy also flies the Super Hornet , a newer version of the F/A -18 . That plane is not part of this inspection . Navy flight operations around the world will not be interrupted because of the inspections , officials said .	636 F/A -18 A through D model Hornets being inspected for stress crack Inspectors started looking at planes Thursday and have found 15 with problem Navy officials said there are no immediate plans to ground the planes
CNN  -- There is not a single day I do n't think about them . Exactly two months ago , over 200 schoolgirls were abducted in Chibok , Northern Nigeria . Today , they are still missing . And I feel as outraged as many of you do . As the world hopes for their safe return , there is another story . What does n't make the headlines is the fact that many children around the world have never had a chance to go to school . In West and Central Africa , almost 1 out of 5 school-age children will never enter a classroom , according to a new report by UNICEF and the UNESCO Institute for Statistics . Globally , more than 57 million primary school-age children do not attend classes . Over half of them live in sub-Saharan Africa . What keeps so many children excluded from school across the continent ? What prevents so many children from seeing a classroom , given that "  free education " became a reality in various countries in sub-Saharan Africa , including my home country , Benin ? One report finds that girls from poor families living in rural areas have significantly less opportunities to go to school . In addition , conflicts and natural disasters can cause extensive damages and disrupt schooling -- sometimes for weeks , sometimes for years . While the abolishment of school fees has led to a sharp increase in the number of children enrolled in schools , in many countries "  free education " is never entirely free . Supplies , books and other indirect costs can easily make access to school unaffordable . Getting out-of-school children into school is more than just building more classrooms and deploying more teachers . In order to reduce the number of children excluded from the education system , African governments must commit to the idea of bringing girls back to school . Even when all the barriers to access are lifted , the quality of the learning taking place in the classroom remains an issue . Those who enter school often drop out without acquiring adequate skills and never complete primary or lower secondary school . High repetition rates lead to large proportions of adolescents who are held back in education systems that are inappropriate for their age . Everyone wins when children -- and especially girls -- have access to education . An educated girl is likely to increase her personal earning potential and prepare herself for a productive and fulfilling life , as well as reduce poverty in the whole community . Investing in girls ' education also helps delay early marriage and parenthood . Our booming economies in Africa need more female engineers , teachers and doctors to prosper and sustain growth . Throughout Africa , I visited a lot of schools where UNICEF and its partners are working to get every child , especially girls and other marginalized groups , into classrooms . I saw firsthand how simple programs , such as scholarships , mentoring , a second chance to education and the provision of sanitary pads , can make a difference in the lives of girls . As I watched African schoolgirls on their way to school , I wondered where I would be today if I had n't had the opportunity to access education when I was a child . Would I be able to write this piece if my parents had n't made all the needed sacrifice to let me learn , grow and strive ? Probably not . Most of us take access to school for granted . I do n't . For many children in Africa , it 's still a luxury , perhaps the most indispensable yet reachable luxury for Nigeria and the whole continent .	Angelique Kidjo : Over 200 schoolgirls abducted in Nigeria are still missing Kidjo : What does n't make headlines is the fact that many children never get education She says African governments must commit to the idea of bringing girls back to school Kidjo : Going to school is perhaps the most indispensable yet reachable luxury for many
CNN  -- They arrive in souped-up sports cars , boasting a potent arsenal of sci-fi weaponry and shape-shifting powers , lining up side by side for the ultimate race to the finish line . In the end , there can only be one winner . Welcome to the battle for Kenya 's presidency -- as imagined by a talented young Kenyan animator . Set in a post-apocalyptic world , "  Wageuzi " is a short 3D animated film showing Kenya 's main political leaders fighting for supremacy ahead of the country 's critical elections on March 4 . The futuristic film sets Kenya 's presidential hopefuls against each other in a thrilling , high-octane battle inspired by the Transformers blockbuster franchise . Over the course of some 12 minutes , viewers are treated to a range of industrial cityscapes and gloomy-looking backdrops . Five presidential hopefuls roar through the urban settings as they switch between forms in their bid to outfox each other . Machine guns blazing , they turn from speeding vehicles into mighty robots , before engaging in aerial combat as they try to finish the race first . "  Wageuzi is Swahili , it means ` transformers , ' " explains creator Andrew Kaggia , 25 . "  It can also mean ` the changemakers , ' because our leaders are the tools for change . " iReport : Kenyan Graffiti for Peace Kaggia , a Nairobi-based 3D animator working on commercials and TV shows , decided to make the film in the hope that it would inspire people in his country to cast their ballots responsibly . Kenya was engulfed in chaos after its last election in 2007 , when post-election violence left more than 1,000 people dead and hundreds of thousands displaced . "  When we had an election in 2007 there really was a lot of violence , " says Kaggia . "  A lot of bad things happened and basically we needed to see our leaders in their true light . So I thought of doing something sort of controversial using our leaders and creating them in the form of ` Transformers , ' seeing how they basically fight for power at whatever cost . "  I wanted people to basically think twice before choosing their leaders , " he adds . "  To see their leaders as who they are and to vote more wisely . " Throughout the fast-paced film Kaggia has included satirical references to what he sees as the candidates ' real-life personalities . "  When people they watch the film , they 're able to relate the characters to the actual politicians , " adds Kaggia , who first released Wageuzi in December 2011  Kenya 's elections were initially scheduled to take place in 2012  . "  I think people who watch it are able to actually read between the lines and say ` OK , this is actually how it is . ' " Kaggia says it took him about six months to complete the whole film , working up to 14-15 hours a day . He had to quit his regular job to focus on all aspects of Wageuzi -- from 3D modeling and animation to compositing and lighting . And when Wageuzi did finally come out , it created a splash . "  The first day I released the film -LSB- online -RSB- I think it got 1,000 views , " says Kaggia . "  People were really spreading it around . " Read this : Can mobiles help stop Kenya election violence ? Kaggia first discovered the art of animation through the Disney cartoons he was watching while growing up , and his style was inspired by the classic beat em ' up video game "  Tekken . " "  It blew my mind the first time I saw it , " he says of the game . "  I started playing around with it and that 's how it began . " Today , Wageuzi 's success has helped put the spotlight on Kenya 's burgeoning animation scene . It 's also acted as an example of what can be achieved when talent meets hard work ; Kaggia was born with a deformed hand , but that never got in the way of his dreams . "  I refused to let it stop me , " says Kaggia . "  I decided not to let that be the case I can do this and I wo n't let anything stop me . " Read this : Kenyan boy scares off lions with flashy invention With Kenya 's critical election fast-approaching , Kaggia says he is hopeful that the violence that rocked his country last time around will not be repeated . "  I think people have learned since 2007 , " he says . "  People are smarter now because they saw that they were actually used by their leaders ... so I do n't think there will be such violence . " Watch ` Wageuzi '	A 3D animated film depicts Kenya 's politicians as Transformer-style robots The short film , "  Wageuzi , is the work of Kenyan animator Andrew Kaggia Kaggia says the film aims to make Kenyans vote wisely Kenya holds key elections on March 4
Bydgoszcz , Poland  CNN  -- I first visited Poland in 1990 , just after the end of communist rule . Back then , the United States meant everything to people here : freedom , protection , opportunity , hope . I worked for The Wall Street Journal at the time . That business card resonating with capitalism opened every door . It even persuaded a border official not to pass my camera through a Soviet-era X-ray machine . Twenty years later , Poland has become a stable democracy . It has joined NATO and the European Union . True , wages remain low by Western standards . And to the eye , Poland still shows the scars of its communist past : Half the population still lives in communist-era high-rise slabs . But things get better every year , visibly better even than during my last visit two years ago : new homes , new stores , improved roads , new stations opened on the Warsaw subway . Poland scored the highest growth in the whole European Union in 2009 , suffering not a single quarter of negative growth during the global recession . So that 's all good news for the Poles . Now the thought-provoking news for Americans : America 's place on the Polish mental map seems to shrink every year . When Poles dream of leaving the country , they think not of Chicago but of London . A Pole can work legally in any large EU country , and an estimated 1 million do , sending home more money than Poland earns from all its U.S. trade . Meanwhile , Poles need a visa even to visit the United States . Polish business is oriented toward Germany , by far the country 's largest trading partner and investor . Poland buys and sells less with the United States than it does with the Czech Republic . Theoretically , the United States remains very important to Poland 's security . Through NATO , the U.S. has guaranteed defending Poland against Russia , with nuclear weapons if necessary . But Russia is behaving itself well toward Poland these days . When Russia did behave badly -- for example , embargoing Polish meat exports in 2005 -- it was the threat of European economic retaliation that changed Russian minds . The U.S. has opened new military bases in southeastern Europe -- in Bulgaria and Romania , but none in Poland . There are practically no U.S. soldiers stationed here . If anything , Poles might feel that they are doing much more for the United States than the United States does for Poland . Polish troops fought in Iraq , and fight now in Afghanistan . Polish support for U.S. geopolicy has twice ended in humiliation for Polish governments . In 2005 , sources inside the U.S. government leaked the news that Poland was permitting the CIA to detain captured al Qaeda terrorists in secret in Polish prisons . Poland was threatened with the loss of its EU voting rights and subjected to an EU investigation . Then in 2009 , the new Obama administration abruptly canceled a proposed U.S. missile defense system based in Poland and the Czech Republic . These experiences would cause any future Polish governments to worry that cooperation with the U.S. will horribly backfire on them . Some waning of U.S. prestige in Poland was inevitable . With the end of the Cold War , Poles naturally worry more about earning a living than protecting their security . And of course , next-door Germany offers more economic benefits than faraway America . Of course , too , the U.S. has banked a huge store of goodwill in Poland that will take years to deplete . It was the U.S. that championed Poland 's independence from Moscow while anxious Germans urged that the U.S. stop annoying the Soviet Union with talk of freedom . But although inevitable and gradual , the dwindling of American importance , not only in Poland but in other liberated countries in central Europe as well , is a real and large fact of life . That fact might matter less if there were other regions of the world where America 's clout was increasing . But where ? The opinion expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum visited post-communist Poland in 1990 ; nation was eager to connect with U.S. Now , 20 years later , democratic Poland part of EU , NATO ; U.S. seems less central in importance Poland has closer connections in EU , he says , have had awkward political moments with U.S. Frum : U.S. still key to security , has goodwill history with Poland , but its importance dwindling
CNN  Ahmed has joined Charlie in the social media tributes to victims of the Paris terrorist attack this week . The hashtag #JeSuisCharlie -- "  I am Charlie " -- became an international rallying point for people expressing solidarity with the victims of the slaughter carried out by gunmen at the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo on Wednesday . But another hashtag , #JeSuisAhmed , has become a poignant way of honoring Ahmed Merabet , a 40-year-old police officer who was killed by the terrorists . During the massacre at the Charlie Hebdo offices , the gunmen claimed that they were avenging the Prophet Mohammed by attacking a magazine that had repeatedly lampooned Islam and other religions . But by killing Merabet , they took the life of a man who was reported to be a Muslim . Like the parents of the two main suspects in the attack , Merabet 's mother and father are believed to have moved to Paris from North Africa . ' I died defending his right ' "  I am not Charlie , I am Ahmed the dead cop . Charlie ridiculed my faith and culture and I died defending his right to do so , " wrote the Twitter user Dyab Abou Jahjah . By Friday morning Paris time , his tweet , using the #JeSuisAhmed hashtag , had been retweeted more than 17,000 times . Many more tributes to Merabet poured in on the hashtag . Alongside it , some people tweeted a quote attributed to the French philosopher Voltaire : "  I do not agree with what you have to say , but I 'll defend to the death your right to say it . " Others simply said thank you to the fallen officer . ` It was his job , it was his duty ' Even before Merabet 's name and background became public , many people knew how he died because of a widely circulated video from Wednesday 's attack . He was on patrol near the Charlie Hebdo offices when the attackers burst out . "  He was on foot , and came nose to nose with the terrorists . He pulled out his weapon . It was his job , it was his duty , " Rocco Contento , a police union representative , told the Guardian . The video from the scene shows Merabet twisting in pain on the ground after already being shot once . As the gunmen move toward him , he raises his hands , indicating surrender . French media reported that one of the gunmen asked the wounded officer , "  Do you want to kill us ? " Merabet is heard in the video crying out , "  No ! It 's OK , boss . " That 's when one of the gunmen shoots him at point blank range in the head . Likable , always smiling , colleague says Contento described Merabet as a quiet , conscientious man -- likable and always smiling . A photo shows him grinning into the camera . He had a girlfriend , according to Contento . Merabet had reportedly been a police officer for eight years , assigned to the 11th arrondissement , where the attack took place . He was working as a bicycle cop , but French newspaper Le Figaro reported that he 'd recently qualified to become a detective . Other slain officer was protecting editor Merabet was n't the only police officer killed in the attack . The other was Franck Brinsolaro , who had been assigned to protect Stephane "  Charb " Charbonnier , the editor of Charlie Hebdo , for the past several years , according to Le Figaro . Brinsolaro , 48 , was killed inside the magazine 's offices with Charbonnier and other cartoonists . Le Figaro reported that the police officer had just got married to a woman with whom he had a 1-year-old daughter . "  The whole of France needs to take action , " said Brinsolaro 's twin brother , Philippe , according to the newspaper . "  You ca n't attack freedom of expression and the authority of the state like that . " On social media , Franck Brinsolaro , like Ahmed and the staff of Charlie , was also being remembered -- through the hashtag #JeSuisFranck . CNN 's Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Ahmed Merabet is reportedly a Muslim whose parents came from North Africa The Charlie Hebdo attackers shot him in the head as he lay wounded in the street
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan said roadside bombs have doubled and kidnapping have increased over the last year in the war-torn country , but said the cultivation of opium poppies that is used to produce heroin has declined . Roadside bombings in Afghanistan doubled to 2,000 in 2008 , according to the U.S. ambassador in Kabul . William Wood , speaking to journalists at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul , gave an assessment of trends over the last year in the country and expectations for the upcoming year . "  2008 was a good year but it was also a hard year , " he said . He said there were 1,000 improvised explosive device blasts in 2007 and 2,000 this year . "  IEDs do n't advance the terrorist cause at all . They do n't win them any territory , they do n't win them any friends , " he said , "  all they do is prove the presence and brutality of the terrorists . " Also , he said there were 130 reported kidnappings in 2007 and 250 in 2008 , but it is thought that there have been many unreported abductions . The increase in IEDs have occurred mostly in eastern and southern Afghanistan , where there been an uptick in attacks . President-elect Barack Obama has said that he will shift his focus to Afghanistan , where the Taliban militant movement has been resurgent and where international troop deaths have increased in recent months . Concerned over the increase in fighting , military officials have said up to 30,000 additional U.S. troops could be sent to Afghanistan next year , nearly doubling the level of American troops there . Wood pointed to progress in combating the narcotics trade , which helps fund militant activity . He said there has been a nearly 20 percent decline in processing and cultivation of opium , pointing out that the local and international entities helped bring about the drop . He said that the nascent democracy has been energized by upcoming elections , the improved performance of provincial governors , and the resilient backing of Afghanistan by the international community . He said there will be a focus on combating government corruption in 2009 , underscoring President Hamid Karzai 's determination to confront the problem . Wood said he anticipates "  free and fair " upcoming presidential and parliamentary elections , with three million voters already registered . The International Foundation for Election Systems , which helps countries run democratic elections , says there will be presidential elections in next year and parliamentary elections are expected in 2010 . The ambassador notes that the Afghan National Army is growing by 2,500 soldiers a month and he expects it to double in size by 2012 . He said the Afghan National Police is looking to add specialized elements , such as anti-kidnapping and counter-narcotics units . Wood said the United States is backing an initiative by Karzai to help villages without international or local armies to protect them , a move that would help Afghans protect themselves and develop the confidence to do so . But he emphasized that the United States has no intention to provide these communities with weaponry .	Roadside bombings doubled , kidnappings rose in Afghanistan in past year U.S. ambassador says cultivation of opium poppies used for heroin declined U.S. President-Elect Barack Obama has vowed to tackle resurgent Taliban Up to 30,000 additional U.S. troops could be sent to Afghanistan in 2009
Boston  CNN  -- For more than a year , Ellen O'Donnell slept on the streets , where she was the target of theft , violence and cruelty . Her situation left her neglecting chronic health problems that threatened her survival . "  It was so difficult to access -LSB- medical -RSB- services . I was totally alienated and I just could n't relate , " O'Donnell said . "  I would get things stolen from me . And ... two young women tried to set me on fire . Life was just this movie and I was n't going to bother participating anymore . " Then O'Donnell stumbled upon someone she could relate to : Dr. Roseanna Means . Since 1999 , Means and her team have set up clinics inside Boston shelters to offer direct , free medical care to thousands of homeless women and children . "  The women come into the shelters to get warm , to eat , to feel safe . And we 're already there , " said Means , 58 . There 's no registration or charge for the care . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes "  The women learn to trust us as ambassadors of the health care system . And over time , we can teach them how to use -LSB- it -RSB- as it was intended , " she said . Means gave up a more lucrative medical career to work with Boston 's homeless population . As a medical resident pursuing cardiology in 1982 , she spent three months providing care in a Cambodian refugee camp and found a different calling . "  They had lost everything . And I was able to make a difference just by traveling 10,000 miles out of my comfort zone ... and lending a hand , some medicines , and talking to them and treating their wounds , " Means said . "  That made a huge impression on me . " She became a primary care physician and found she could make a difference with Boston 's homeless population in a similar way . "  What I had to give them , more than anything , was just showing up , to listen and offer my services , " she said . Means started her nonprofit -- Women of Means -- after working for seven years with the city 's established homeless health care programs . She found that , despite all of the quality medical resources for the homeless population , few women were actually using the services . Female victims of domestic violence are often reluctant to use identification that could reveal their whereabouts , and vulnerable women often avoid clinic waiting rooms where they might encounter hostile members of the homeless community , Means said . "  For women who are poor , homeless or battered , to deal with a system of health care becomes overwhelming , " she said . "  There are lots of emotional issues , psychiatric issues ... I just did n't like the idea that they were falling through the cracks . " Q&A : Why homeless women have it worse than men Women of Means works in 10 women 's shelters and offers help to more than 2,000 homeless women counted in the city 's latest census . The group consists of a part-time staff of nine nurses and 17 volunteer doctors representing all areas of care . Teams work out of old broom closets and stairwells , addressing health issues ranging from colds to life-threatening cancers and gunshot wounds . The first challenge the group often faces in caring for the women is trust . " -LSB- They -RSB- do n't trust anyone . It 's a side product of being homeless , of having to look over your shoulder , watch your back . So that makes it very difficult for them to approach life normally , " she said . For this reason , the group handles first encounters as vital steppingstones in building a relationship . Because they are not billing for services , staff are able to give whatever amount of time is needed to earn the clients ' trust , ultimately helping them open up and engage in their own health . "  This is not just about a checkup or doling out antibiotics for an infection , but it 's about giving these women the acceptance -- and love -- they deserve , " Means said . "  It 's a process . It takes a long time . But we do n't put any time limits on it 'cause we know that in some cases , it 's literally life-saving . " The group functions entirely off grants and private and corporate donations . The physician and nurse teams work in the same shelter locations for at least one year , though most extend well beyond their initial commitment . The doctors together donate $ 500,000 in services annually , and everyone covers their own insurance and benefits . Women of Means has had a waiting list of volunteer physicians for years because the group 's current doctors "  do n't ever leave , " said Means . "  We have people who have been here for nine years ... because doctors just want to be doctors . There 's no managed-care rules . There 's no regulations . There 's no co-pays . We love taking care of these women . And frankly it 's because that 's all we do . It 's just health care , " Means said . O'Donnell has benefited from the group 's approach . When she met Means three years ago , she had a cataract that had gotten so bad , she said , that doctors were n't sure she had any sight in the eye . With Means ' help , O'Donnell had surgery to correct it . "  Dr. Roseanna talked to my social worker and they literally held my hand and took me to the hospital , " O'Donnell said . "  I just took the leap because Dr. Roseanna was there . " Today , O'Donnell 's newfound sight has lifted her depression and helped her take fewer medications . Recently , she secured a bed at a residential shelter and said she aspires to start a paralegal service from her next apartment . O'Donnell credits her improved vitality to Means . "  Because I knew she really cared , I started wanting to take care of myself , " she said . For Means , that 's what her program is all about . "  I love these women no matter what . That eventually starts to get taken inside -- that if I matter to somebody else , maybe I matter to myself , " she said . "  We give women who are poor , homeless or battered the means to move ahead in their lives . ... This is what feeds my soul and I will do this until I 'm no longer needed . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Women of Means website at www.womenofmeans.org and see how to help .	Dr. Roseanna Means ' nonprofit offers direct , free medical care to homeless women and children She set up clinics in Boston shelters after discovering that many women were n't using existing services Her team of 17 volunteer doctors together donate $ 500,000 in services annually Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- A Denver woman called 911 when her husband began to hallucinate and speak of "  the end of the world . " For 13 minutes , the wife spoke of fear -- for herself , their three scared children , her husband . Richard Kirk wanted his wife to shoot him , she told 911 . She screamed when he went to the family safe and grabbed a gun . The 911 operator heard what sounded like a gunshot . The wife went silent on the 911 call . Responding police found her dead Monday in the family home with an apparent gunshot wound to the head , authorities said . She was identified as Kristine Kirk by CNN affiliate KWGN . Kirk admitted that he killed his wife -- "  without questioning , " a police document says -- when an officer put him in the backseat of a patrol car , the probable cause document says . Those harrowing events , provided by authorities , are now being investigated by Denver police , who are looking at how 911 handled the 13-minute emergency call and whether Kirk was using marijuana or another drug , authorities said Wednesday . "  This is under investigation , " Denver police spokeswoman Raquel Lopez said about the possibility of marijuana use . Colorado became the first state in the nation to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana , allowing pot stores to open for business on January 1 . At a court hearing Wednesday , Kirk , 47 , was ordered held without bail on an accusation of first-degree murder , Denver court records showed . In response to questions about the incident , Denver police posted on its Twitter page : "  We will report the truth , even if mistakes were made . " In response to apparent questions about the handling of the 911 call , the police posted another tweet : "  No indication the call taker erred . Very tough call to handle , please give benefit of doubt . " The city of Denver auditor 's office this year began studying police response times , which have grown longer in recent years , the Denver Post reported . The report is expected in June , and police have cited fewer officers and limited budgets for hiring more officers since 2008 as causes for longer response times , the newspaper reported . Lance Kirk , brother of Richard Kirk , told KWGN that he was stunned to hear of the incident . "  I know that was n't Richard -- let 's just say that , " Lance Kirk told the news outlet . "  I hope there are some answers that come out about this . "  My heart goes out to those three boys and Kris ' family -- mom , dad , sister and brothers , " Lance Kirk added , referring to his sister-in-law . "  This is a terrible thing . " Neighbors , family and friends told the station they knew the couple as loving and devoted parents . "  Whatever those boys are going through right now , my thoughts and my prayers are with them , and I hope that they find peace , " neighbor Kristin Fynewever told the affiliate . Other neighbors told CNN affiliate KCNC that the couple 's three young sons are all in grade school . "  I used to go to school with them and they were really nice kids and they did n't deserve for this to happen to their mom and their dad , " neighbor Alesa Moskal told KCNC . Police : Motorist called 911 several times before he died in road-rage shooting CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Stefan Simons , Kara Devlin and Dottie Evans contributed to this report .	NEW : Police investigate whether husband may have been using marijuana NEW : Husband Richard Kirk is ordered held without bond on murder accusation NEW : Authorities are also reviewing 911 call handling and response time NEW : Longer police response time is an ongoing issue in Denver , newspaper says
CNN  -- Frank Williams has been a integral part of one of Formula One 's most successful teams since forming it 35 years ago , but he is now starting to pass on his legacy . The Williams F1 boss , who turns 70 this month , announced on Friday that he is standing down from the British team 's board and that he will be replaced by his daughter Claire . Williams , who is tetraplegic and has been confined to a wheelchair since a car accident in 1986 , said the time had come for him to hand control over to the next generation . However , he will remain as team principal and keep his majority shareholding . "  I have decided to signal the next stage in the gradual but inevitable process of handing over the reins to the next generation by stepping down from the board at the end of this month , " he said in a statement on Williams ' website . "  It is no secret that Claire is my daughter but I am proud to say that she has fought hard to earn this appointment and , of all the battles she has had to fight , the prejudices of her father were not the least challenging . "  I shall be looking to Claire to represent the Williams family on the board and I know that she will work tirelessly . " As well as her board role , Claire Williams will start work as director of marketing and communications on April 1 in the place of the departing Dominic Reilly . Williams became the first F1 team to float on the stock exchange in March 2011 and the team has a rich heritage in the elite division of motorsport . But despite winning nine constructors ' titles -- a record bettered only by Ferrari -- and seven drivers ' championships , the marque which once employed legendary racers such as Nigel Mansell , Alain Prost and Ayrton Senna has stuttered in recent years . The last time Williams won a grand prix was in 2004 , when Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya drove to victory in Brazil . Williams finished 2011 ninth in the constructors ' standings after collecting just five points . Senna 's nephew Bruno will make his debut for the team alongside Venezuela 's Pastor Maldonado at the season-opening Australian Grand Prix on March 18 .	Williams founder Frank Williams will step down from the team 's board next month Williams founded the British team in 1977 and the marque has won nine constructors ' titles His daughter Claire will move onto the board as director of marketing and communications Williams have not won a grand prix since Juan Pablo Montayo 's victory in Brazil in 2004
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two men from the minority Sikh community in Pakistan 's tribal northwest were kidnapped and beheaded on Sunday , authorities said this week . Two others remain in custody . The men were kidnapped by the Pakistan Taliban for ransom from Khyber Agency two weeks ago , said Shafirullah Wazir , the area 's administrative chief . They were killed when their family members were unable to pay their ransom , officials said . In the case of one of the abducted men , Jaspal Singh , the kidnappers had demanded 20 million rupees , the semiofficial Associated Press of Pakistan said . Khyber Agency is one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border . Sikhs have lived in the area for centuries , running businesses and operating farms . As the area has come increasingly under the influence of Islamic militants , so has pressure on the Sikhs . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	Two Sikhs in Pakistan 's tribal northwest kidnapped and beheaded Men were kidnapped by Taliban for ransom from Khyber Agency two weeks ago They were killed when their family members were unable to pay their ransom Increasing influence of Islamic militants in region has put pressure on Sikhs
CNN  -- When Suzanne Jablonski moved to New Jersey to start a new life , she felt mostly alone in her struggles raising a special-needs child . Her 18-year-old son , Brandon Timberwolf Munic , has emotional , learning and behavioral difficulties as well as mild cognitive impairment . A single mother , Jablonski often felt as though she were in crisis mode , until she found a support system last year called Mom2Mom . Mom2Mom is the only helpline in the United States focused on mothers of special-needs children . The service , staffed by moms of special-needs kids , operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , and callers get follow-up support from a dedicated staff who checks up on them . "  I do n't think , ` Oh , my God , this is the end of the world , ' even though many times before ... I did , " Jablonski said . "  I do n't feel so alone anymore . " Cherie Castellano , who launched Mom2Mom in 2010 , has started a number of initiatives based on the idea of "  reciprocal peer support " : that people with similar experiences can help each other . Having experienced the stress of having a child with developmental delays , she wanted to provide a way for other mothers to have caregiving support . Dads are welcome to call the Mom2Mom line too , Castellano said . Mom2Mom now has about 20 mothers on staff , all of whom have children with some sort of special need , including medical illness and mental health problems . The program is part of University Behavioral HealthCare , which will be under Rutgers University as of July 1 . "  It 's not just good for the moms they 're helping , it 's also good for them because they get to feel connected and recognize their own strengths , " Castellano said . Along the same lines , she also founded a law enforcement crisis hot line called Cop2Cop and the veteran support line Vets4Warriors . A staffer always picks up the hot line , no matter what time of day . In the initial call , the peer counselor mother will find out from the caller what she is calling about and then asks , "  How are you ? " The conversation then turns from the child 's needs to the mother 's own mental health and impact on the family . Most of the time , the caller agrees to engage in ongoing peer support , Castellano said . Mom2Mom then assigns her a support partner with a child who has a similar condition . Autism : What we know right now The peer counselors check back often with these mothers , talking about what challenges might arise and the state of everyone 's mental and physical health in the family . They can refer them to a network of service providers . Mom2Mom also hosts in-person support group meetings . Because it 's a state-funded program , Mom2Mom 's activities are aimed at New Jersey residents , but no one is turned away ; peer support counselors will research resources to try to find connections for the callers in their own states . The program has gotten calls from more than 20 states where moms struggle to find support as they care for special-needs children . On Monday , more than 40 callers came to the Mom2Mom headquarters -- a call center -- in Piscataway , New Jersey , to meet their counselors in at an event to allow peer partners to meet each other for the first time , in honor of Mother 's Day . Castellano met a mother she had been speaking with for two years . Staff members spoke about how much comfort they 've gotten from the callers as well . "  For like 20 minutes , there was just hugging , crying and chatter , " she said . Many mothers of special needs children want to appear as "  supermoms , " being able to balance all of their appointments and challenges and emotions , Castellano said . "  Moms do n't want to seem like they 're depressed about it or they 're sad about it or they 're afraid of what 's going to happen to their child when they 're gone , " Castellano said . "  There 's a lot of shame and guilt and suffering that nobody wants to talk about . " Mom2Mom has been a big help to Debra Lee , 52 , of Newark , New Jersey . The youngest two of Lee 's four children are on the autism spectrum : a 27-year-old son and a 20-year-old daughter . Her son graduated from Rutgers and works part-time . She worries about both of them , but especially her daughter , who attends a public school with an autism program and does n't go anywhere alone . Growing up autistic : My story She was one of the first callers to Mom2Mom and connected with peer counselor Mary Beth Walsh . Today , she attends in-person support groups as well . "  You meet a lot of people that you can talk to , " she said . "  You do a lot of crying . At least you can talk to people who can understand what you 're going through . It makes you feel much better . " Since connecting with Mom2Mom , Lee said , she realizes how hard she had been on herself . She had put her whole self into her children and had lost sight of taking care of herself . Before , she would never buy nice clothes for herself ; now , she 'll buy suits . "  It just made me see that I could still look nice even though I 'm overweight , " she said . Walsh , Lee 's peer counselor , has a 14-year-old son with autism . She has been immersed in the world of autism advocacy since his diagnosis , and admires Lee 's positive attitude toward everyone on the autism spectrum . "  I might say , ` Oh , he 's so sensitive to sound , ' but Debra will say , ` Oh , it 's amazing how he 's always listening to the environment and picking up all these cues . ' " Both these mothers took part in a Mom2Mom collaborative project expressing their feelings and struggles through artwork ; each sculpture consists of two pieces of glass connected to look like a book . The result is called "  Breathless : Mothers of Children with Special Needs . " Lee 's glass panel depicts a tree ; she wrote about "  having faith . " The Mom2Mom helpline is 1-877-914-MOM2 .	Mom2Mom provides peer counseling , support and referrals in New Jersey Peer supporters also have children with special needs Many mothers of special-needs children do n't want to appear depressed
CNN  -- Pharmaceuticals giants Merck and Schering-Plough are planning to merge their operations under the name Merck in a deal worth $ 41.1 billion . Merck chairman and CEO Richard T. Clark will head the combined company . Under the terms of the agreement , Schering-Plough shareholders will receive just over half a Merck share and $ 10.50 in cash for each Schering-Plough share they own . Each Merck share will automatically become a share of the combined company . Merck shareholders are expected to own approximately 68 percent of the combined company , and Schering-Plough shareholders are expected to own approximately 32 percent . Merck Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer Richard T. Clark will lead the combined company . "  We are creating a strong , global healthcare leader built for sustainable growth and success , " Clark said in a media statement Monday . "  The combined company will benefit from a formidable research and development pipeline , a significantly broader portfolio of medicines and an expanded presence in key international markets , particularly in high-growth emerging markets . "  We look forward to joining forces with an outstanding partner we know well and that shares our commitment to patients , employees and the communities where we work and live . " Merck added that its 2009 outlook has not changed , and it is committed to keeping its annual dividend at its current level of $ 1.52 per share . Both drug-makers reported better-than-expected quarterly results in early February , but announced steep job cuts . On a conference call with investors on February 3 , Clark said the drug-maker was open to a takeover of a large pharmaceutical company .	SP shareholders to get over half a Merck share and $ 10.50 in cash per share Merck shareholders expected to own around 68 percent of combined company Both drug-makers reported better-than-expected quarterly results in February
