CNN  -- Cesc Fabregas scored his first goal for Barcelona as the European champions defeated Europa League winners Porto 2-0 in Monaco to win the Super Cup on Friday . Spanish international midfielder Fabregas rejoined Barcelona from Arsenal for a fee in the region of $ 55 million earlier this month . And although he was not named in the starting side by Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola , Fabregas showed his class after coming on as a substitute , bursting into the penalty area two minutes from the end to superbly chest down Lionel Messi 's inch-perfect lobbed pass , before volleying home . What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? Messi , who on Thursday was handed UEFA 's inaugural Best Player in Europe Award , celebrated that honor by opening the scoring in the 39th minute . A defensive mix-up left Messi through on goal , and the Argentine maestro dummied Porto goalkeeper Helton before expertly sliding the ball home . The Portuguese side , who won their domestic league without losing a game last season , had two free-kick opportunities in the opening 45 minutes , but Brazilian striker Hulk missed on both occasions . There was nothing to choose between the sides after the break , but Barca showed their squad depth by bringing on new signings Fabregas and Chilean winger Alexis Sanchex , and they started to take control of the match . With four minutes to go , Porto had Rolando sent off for hacking down Messi , and the 10 men then fell behind to Fabregas ' effort . And Porto 's misery was complete in the final minute when Fredy Gurain was also shown a straight red card for a late challenge on Javier Mascherano . The result gave Barcelona the trophy for the fourth time in their history and second in three years .	Barcelona defeat Porto 2-0 to claim victory in the Super Cup in Monaco Cesc Fabregas scores his first goal for Barca since joining from Arsenal Lional Messi celebrates UEFA award by opening the scoring in the first half
CNN  -- Governor of New Jersey ? Who 'd want THAT job ? It 's a state where politics have long been considered a bloodsport , where corrupt politicians are as common as slices of pizza , where fights can quickly get personal , and where the top politician lives a life constantly on the edge . It 's a state whose politics have been awash in scandals for decades , particularly within its towns and communities . In the past 20 years , the state 's biggest cultural exports have been a show about organized crime and "  Jersey Shore " -- a show , as most New Jersey residents will be quick to tell you starred mostly New Yorkers . But , in spite of this , New Jerseyans take great pride in their state and have taken great pride in their governor . Before taking the state 's highest office , Chris Christie toppled corrupt New Jersey mayors like they were dominoes , sending them to jail one after another . It was one of the most impressive demonstrations of good government in the state 's history . Borger : Is Chris Christie presidential ? As governor , he was lauded for his leadership and his outspokenness , and he was criticized by some in his own party for his praise of President Obama after Hurricane Sandy . But what never wavered was Christie 's commitment to taking on the big issues . So for many New Jerseyans , it 's disappointing to see Christie now focused on answering for the actions of staff . What they did was wrong , but if you stop and look more closely , those attacking him most harshly clearly have their own agendas . Take Democratic Sen. Loretta Weinberg . She 'd love to make Christie 's downfall her legacy . Prior to this current drama , Weinberg is best known for being a victim of the Bernie Madoff scam , and then for drawing on a pension system to supplement her legislative salary . She and Christie have been battling for years , and she 's seeing an opportunity for payback . Meanwhile , Democratic Assemblyman Jon Wisniewski , another Christie foe , is dying for a better position in leadership , even though he 's deputy speaker , a powerful chairman and the new head of an investigative committee . He 's certainly got an eye on the front office himself . And Congressman Frank Pallone ? He 's only spent decades trying to run for statewide office . He 'd love to take down Christie and ignore the fact that tourism ads are regular practice in New Jersey or any other state with an abundant coastline . The congressman certainly never complained about tourism ads during the 25 years he 's represented a district that benefited from those very tourist dollars . Ad firm head : We were asked about using Christie in ad campaign It 's not just New Jersey Democrats who are playing politics with the outspoken governor and possible candidate for president in 2016 . Democrats on the national level are sending fundraising letters and raising money on the backs of the popular governor . They 'll do whatever it takes to clear the field for Hillary Clinton . But the most disappointing attacks are coming from the right wing of the Republican Party . After two crushing presidential elections and a paralyzed Congress , our party is badly in need of leadership . With a strong , outspoken candidate , Republicans could be right back on top . Demonstrated leadership is what will be needed in the big domestic fights that are right over the horizon , as well as those brewing overseas . Just do n't let the candidate be from New Jersey . They say that if everyone hates you , you must be doing something right . Can Christie change the subject ? Last week Christie held an exhausting two-hour press conference to answer questions about Fort Lee . It could not have been easy to distance himself from his two-time campaign manager -- the man who would have run Christie 's presidential campaign should he choose to run . Try to remember the last time you saw a politician separate himself from someone that powerful in the organization . I 'm hard pressed to find one . This week in his speech , Christie again addressed the issue . But what he did next took great leadership . He proposed longer school days . He proposed changes to the state tax code . He took on the pension system . Christie still is n't afraid to do big things . The guy is gearing up for the next big fight . The fight for New Jersey . For now , anyway . The long shadow of politics , both Democrat and Republican will keep hovering -- as will the national media -- waiting for his next move , eyeing his fundraising trips , watching for early signs of 2016 interest . None of which is going to deter the governor from doing what is necessary . There 's something to be said for a politician who makes tough decisions . What also should be said is , governor , thanks for taking the job . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Camooso Miller .	Lisa Camooso Miller says Democrats are playing politics with New Jersey bridge scandal Miller : Leading Democrats want to make Christie 's downfall their legacy Miller : Christie deserves our thanks , not scorn
CNN  -- The University of Virginia has suspended all fraternity activities until January 2015 while authorities investigate allegations of sexual assault made against members of a prominent fraternity house there . As the father of two young girls who will someday be college women , my heart goes out to any student harmed by sexual assault . There is no place on any campus or anywhere for such behavior , and students need protection from criminals . And as president and chief executive of the North-American Interfraternity Conference , I am eager to work with administrators at Virginia and other campuses to take on this challenge . From both perspectives , I urge college administrators to act responsibly . We can not solve this terrible problem by punishing all fraternities and fraternity members for the deplorable actions of a few . By all means , schools should investigate every allegation and hold students accountable for their actions . They should seek criminal charges against those who break the law and suspend or expel those who violate university policy . But they should not violate the rights of those who live by the rules simply because they are in some way affiliated with those who do not . The vast majority of fraternity and sorority members join them for all the right reasons . They are looking for a place to belong . They want to learn and apply leadership skills . They seek an outlet where they can give back to their communities . They want to enrich their collegiate experience . To take all of this away from so many good kids simply because a few kids choose to be bad is unfair , misguided and short-sighted . When fraternity is done right , I firmly believe it is one of the best facets of college life . My own fraternity experience enabled me to grow into a man , excel in school and better understand the value of community . I became a better person when I joined , and in my current role , I aspire to help other young men become better people . The North-American Interfraternity Conference stands ready to participate in a productive discussion . This is why I formed three commissions this year to study the most vexing problems facing colleges today : sexual assault , alcohol abuse and hazing . Over the next 18 months , these panels will come up with meaningful recommendations to address each problem . I will share these recommendations with university administrators and NIC members alike , with the explicit goal of overcoming these issues in the years ahead . The developments at Virginia and other campuses are alarming . I hope we can galvanize now to find solutions soon . At the same time , I am committed to protecting the fraternity movement , so that all students who choose to join a fraternity can join one -- and experience membership in the way it was intended .	Peter Smithhisler : University of Virginia suspended fraternities till January after rape allegations He says his heart goes out to sexual assault victims , but closing fraternities is no solution Schools must hold assailants accountable , nor violate rights of those who follow rules , he says Smithhisler : Most fraternity men join for right reasons . Punish rape , but be fair to fraternities
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel insists the Interlagos circuit in Brazil that will host his Formula One title showdown with Fernando Alonso will suit Red Bull as he bids to secure a third successive world title . The German is tantalizingly close to matching a feat accomplished only twice in the sport 's history , by Juan Manuel Fangio and Michael Schumacher , but failed to lock down the championship in Austin . The 25-year-old came second at the United States Grand Prix behind McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton , Alonso finishing third to keep his hopes of a third career F1 crown alive . Now the teams head to Sao Paulo for the final race of the season , with Vettel needing only to finish in the top four to take title . And the double world champion has fired an ominous warning to his Spanish rival , claiming the Interlagos circuit is one that he likes , and one that suits his car . "  We know that the car works and that is a good basis to build on , " he told a press conference after the first U.S. GP for five years . "  So I am looking forward to next weekend . I like that track and the track suits us and we have always done well there . I think anything can happen . "  We 've been very quick in Brazil the last couple of years so plenty to look forward to . On top of that , we increased our lead in the championship so I think we are in the best possible position . "  We have been in the game long enough to know how quickly the winds can change -- not only for us -- but also for our competitors . "  What we have to do is go into the race as focused and as determined as we were this weekend . We have to squeeze everything possible out of the race ! " Alonso has a big fight on his hands to win his first world championship since 2006 and lost ground in Texas but he said Ferrari would be giving everything to spoil Vettel 's history-making hat-trick . "  We will try to go to Brazil with the possibility to fight for the world championship which is something that we fight for all through the year and we arrived in that fantastic position , " he said . "  Only Sebastian is in a better position than us but we should be proud of ourselves so try to enjoy the Brazil race and do our best , fight all the race and see what is the outcome at the end . " Alonso was given a helping hand at the Circuit of the Americas by his teammate Felipe Massa , after the gearbox on the Brazilian 's car was deliberately broken , giving him a five-place grid penalty . That meant Alonso jumped from eighth on the grid to seventh and got to start on the clean side of the track rather than the dusty side near to the pit lane . It helped the Spaniard gain three places going into the first corner and though the move was seen as unsporting in some quarters , team boss Stefano Domenicali insisted it was made in the spirit of the rules . "  Yes , otherwise I would n't have done it , " he told reporters . "  I prefer to be transparent . You can easily simulate something . I felt it was more correct to say the truth . "  When you work for the Ferrari team you know the team was the center of the decision . I have to thank Felipe for that . It is something that is within our possibility to do it . "  We knew before the race that the difference between the two sides of the grid was very high and we knew that if we were thinking of trying to achieve Brazil as the last race it would have been very important to be the front car for the first couple of laps otherwise the race would have been more difficult . "  I have to thank Felipe for that . He drove extremely well all weekend and this is something that is positive for Brazil because we need both our drivers doing a great race if we want to challenge Vettel to win the drivers ' title . "	Sebastian Vettel insists the Interlagos track in Sao Paulo suits Red Bull team The German is locked in a battle for the Formula One title with Fernando Alonso Vettel likes the circuit in Brazil where he must finish at least fourth to win title Ferrari defend decision to invoke a grid penalty for Felipe Massa to benefit Alonso
CNN  -- Today , former Senate candidate and Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina announced a new initiative called the Unlocking Potential  UP  Project , which will organize conservative and Republican women in key states to educate and turn out voters . According to Fiorina , the UP Project will engage women at the grassroots level to help conservatives close the gender and technology gap . It will utilize cutting-edge technology and techniques to target , persuade and turn out female voters in six key states with competitive 2014 Senate races : Colorado , Iowa , Michigan , New Hampshire , North Carolina and Virginia . This morning , I spoke with Fiorina about the effort and whether or not she has any future plans to run for office . S.E. Cupp : Is this a direct response to the Democrats ' "  War on Women " campaign strategy ? Carly Fiorina : Yes , exactly . And the idea really came to me when I spoke at CPAC earlier this year . In my speech , I took on the "  War on Women " directly , and the response was overwhelming . I heard from so many women saying this is what they needed . It can help deliver their messages and provide resources to get them mobilized . Cupp : It sounds like you 're talking about dispatching an army of women to go door-to-door . I ca n't decide if that 's a retro approach or a modern one . Fiorina : Well , I think one of the things that we learned in both the Obama campaign and the tea party movement -- so , truly polar opposites -- is that they engaged people on the ground in a very personal manner , with personal outreach . And that 's what works . And it particularly works with women . They are persuaded by other women they know . Cupp : So , no parachuting in at the last minute , running an ad , and expecting women to turn out ? Fiorina : No . All the data says that people are most persuaded by people they know . We are going to engage people in the communities where they live and work , train them where they are , and measure the results so we know what 's working . That matters a lot . Cupp : So is it old-fashioned grass roots campaigning ? Fiorina : Well , it 's modern in that we 're using technology to train our messengers and broaden our messages . But the politics of personal relationships still matters the most . Cupp : So Democrats will merely say , "  Candidate X opposes the Paycheck Fairness Act . Candidate X is against women . " It wo n't matter , by the way , if Candidate X is a woman herself . How should conservatives combat this ? Fiorina : I think in some cases we just have to take on the facts . There are plenty of laws in place today that a woman can look to if she 's truly discriminated against at work , where she 's actually earning less for the same job as her male counterpart . So the Paycheck Fairness Act , the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act -- these are tokens . They 're gestures . They do n't truly help women advance . We ca n't avoid the factual arguments , because they 're on our side . Cupp : Are women single-issue voters ? Fiorina : Absolutely not . Of course , there are some people -- men and women -- who truly vote on single issues . But they are not a majority , and certainly not a majority of women . Women make up 53 % of the vote , and their views are as broad and diverse as are men 's . Most women care about jobs and the economy , and the polls bear this out . And you know , even when the issue is life and choice , most women think that abortion after five months is egregious . Cupp : So what has n't the GOP been doing right to target women voters ? Fiorina : It 's not a question of doing things wrong . It 's a question of leaving things out . First , all of the ads that run are very helpful , but they 're not as helpful as an effective grassroots plan . Sometimes we talk at a high level about policies and principles , but we need to bring it down to a personal level . We talk a lot about less taxes and less regulation -- as principles . But if you 're a single mom with two kids and you 're trying to open a hair dressing shop , it 's going to take you over a year to deal with all the regulations to do that , and you have a tax code that 's thousands of pages long . You might get discouraged . We 're destroying more businesses than we 're creating in this country . Cupp : Do Republican male candidates need "  sensitivity training " ? Fiorina :  Laughs  Sometimes men know these are sensitive , hot-button issues and so they 're afraid to deal with them . And some , not many , really do put their foot in their mouth . It 's not that women do n't listen to men . They do . But they also listen to other women . So it 's less about who 's doing something wrong and more about what 's missing . We need to be more empathetic and less judgmental . We need to be more optimistic . Cupp : Do Republicans need to nominate a woman to defeat Hillary ? Fiorina : I do n't want to say that necessarily . If a woman emerges , that 's terrific . But we ca n't let this ridiculous charge stand . We just ca n't . We have to deal with it head on for 2014 , never mind 2016 . Cupp : Any plans to run again yourself ? Fiorina : You never know ! I never close off any possibility in life . And when people encourage you to do it you have to think about it . But right now I 'm focused on the UP Project and getting candidates elected for 2014 .	S.E. Cupp interviews former Senate candidate Carly Fiorina about her new initiative Fiorina is launching Unlocking Potential  UP  Project , which will focus on female voters Utilizing the latest technology , it will rally GOP women in key states for the Senate race Fiorina 's project is a direct response to Democrats ' "  War on Women ' campaign
CNN  -- Was it the end of the world at the summer box office ? There certainly was plenty of destruction to go around . Not only were several cities destroyed , including San Francisco  "  Godzilla "  and Chicago  "  Transformers : Age of Extinction "  , there was also the kind of destruction Hollywood hates : that of their receipts . Summer ticket sales , as of the last week in August , were down 15 % over summer 2013 , according to The New York Times , quoting movie business tabulator Rentrak . For movies released in the May-August window , grosses were down a whopping 25 % -- $ 3.67 billion this year vs. $ 4.85 billion last year , according to boxofficemojo.com . Nonetheless , with the exceptions of "  Guardians of the Galaxy " and a handful of others , there was an "  eh " feeling to much of what hit the multiplex between May and August of this year . CGI carnage , gross-out comedy , comic-book saviors : Have n't we seen this movie before ? Consider this : 2014 was the first summer since 2001 in which there was no movie that topped $ 300 million domestically . Studios like to tout $ 200 million as a blockbuster benchmark , but $ 300 million is real high-flying territory : "  The Avengers , " the "  Iron Man " films , "  The Dark Knight , " films with what they call "  legs , " that create return business and draw in some lukewarm moviegoers .  To be fair , "  Guardians " may still get there . As Forbes ' Scott Mendelson notes , there were various reasons for the down summer , and not all of them were bad : Some planned films were rescheduled , and others were aimed as much at overseas markets as at the United States .  The mediocre "  Amazing Spider-Man 2 " barely cracked $ 200 million in the United States but earned another $ 500 million in international markets .  Still , the results provide a great deal of food for thought . Here are a few points to ponder : 1 . Do n't reach for the stars . Tom Cruise  "  Edge of Tomorrow "  , Adam Sandler  "  Blended "  and Melissa McCarthy  "  Tammy "  could n't carry their respective movies to blockbuster territory . Only Angelina Jolie  "  Maleficent "  succeeded , with Scarlett Johansson  "  Lucy "  getting an honorable mention . However , it might be worth it to keep an eye on Shailene Woodley , the up-and-coming light of "  The Fault in Our Stars . " Sure , the film was based on a beloved book , but the film 's success caught many observers by surprise -- and Woodley was at the center of it all . With her previous turn in the equally successful "  Divergent , " she 's coming on strong . 2 . Blow it up good ! As mentioned , destruction was high on Hollywood 's list , especially when Michael Bay is involved . The Bay-directed "  Transformers " stomped on the planet again , "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles "  produced by Bay  did some damage and "  Godzilla " visited San Francisco . But more than destruction , apocalypse was in the air : witness "  Edge of Tomorrow , " "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " and "  The Purge : Anarchy . " And we go to the movies to escape from real life ? 3 . Comedy was not pretty . Only two movies topped $ 100 million domestically among comedies this summer : "  Neighbors , " with the sneaky , shambling Seth Rogen , and "  22 Jump Street . " The latter was an interesting twist on the sequel , a follow-up that knew it was a follow-up and took every opportunity to make that the source of the comedy .  In going along for the ride , Jonah Hill , Channing Tatum and Ice Cube were excellent self-parodies .  But "  Tammy " performed tepidly  though some may disagree  , "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " found one more way to go and "  Sex Tape " was erased . You know what they say : Dying is easy , comedy is hard . 4 . Look to the East . Who needs the USA ? "  Transformers " had a relatively mediocre turnout in America , grossing less than $ 250 million -- good enough to become the No. 2 film of the summer , but only No. 4 among the four "  Transformers " films . On the other hand , overseas the film picked up $ 821 million -- including more than $ 300 million in China , becoming that country 's highest-grossing film of all time . That was no accident : China is the second biggest film market in the world , and Hollywood is catering to it more and more . 5 . Time is your friend . Perhaps the most talked-about film of the summer -- at least in markets where it has played -- is "  Boyhood , " Richard Linklater 's ode to one child 's growing up . Linklater took a risk in deciding to follow his protagonist , played by Ellar Coltrane , and his other actors for 12 years , trusting that a film shot over that time would come together . It worked beautifully , with a 99 % critics ' approval on RottenTomatoes.com and early Oscar talk . In the past , watching someone age in a film was a sociological curiosity : witness Michael Apted 's "  Up " films , which have revisited a group of students every seven years . Now that we 're in the YouTube age , in which every part of our lives is put on video , it 'll be interesting to see if Linklater 's concept becomes more normalized .	No movie topped $ 300 million , but there were no "  Lone Ranger " - level flops , either Stars were n't big drivers to films ; concepts were Chinese market made "  Transformers " a blockbuster
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray 's "  severely distressed " financial situation may have led him to "  break the rules " in his fatal treatment of Michael Jackson , a police investigator testified Tuesday . Los Angeles Police Detective Orlando Martinez testified in the Jackson wrongful death trial that Murray was trying to deal with the large drop in value of his Las Vegas home , unpaid taxes and child support payments for eight children with seven women . Michael Jackson 's mother and children claim AEG Live is liable for the pop icon 's death because it hired , retained and supervised Murray , who worked as his personal physician as he prepared for his comeback concerts in 2009 . AEG says Murray was hired and supervised by Jackson , whom they blame for making bad choices because of his drug addiction . One contention in the lawsuit is that the concert promoter should have known that Murray 's financial stress could lead to unsafe treatments for Jackson . AEG lawyer : ` Ugly stuff ' to come Martinez , the second witness in the trial 's first day of testimony , said that after interviewing Murray and after the search of Murray 's car four days after Jackson 's death , his "  thinking at the moment was the crime was negligence . " Inside the BMW -- which belonged to Murray 's sister in Texas -- he found a contract between AEG Live and Murray saying he would be paid $ 150,000 a month to work as Jackson 's doctor , along with AEG Live President Randy Phillips ' business card and cell phone number , he said . "  That 's a lot of money for anyone , " Martinez said . "  Seeing the scene and talking to him about what he had done and how he did it raised questions . " "  Focusing on the financial aspect may have been important for Dr. Murray 's willingness to disregard his Hippocratic Oath for financial gain , " he testified . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and was sentenced to four years in prison . Prosecutors said Jackson death was caused by a fatal combination of the surgical anesthetic propofol and sedatives Murray gave him in a desperate effort to treat his insomnia . Martinez said what he learned about Murray 's financial troubles in the weeks after Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , led him "  to opine that he may have , for this easy money -- the $ 150,000 a month -- may break the rules , bend the rules , to do whatever he needed to do to get paid . " His investigation revealed that Murray had n't paid his mortgage in more than six months , his home was being foreclosed on and he had several liens for unpaid child support and tax debts , Martinez said . Murray 's Las Vegas home , which he bought for $ 1.6 million , was appraised at barely $ 1 million in 2009 , he said . The Las Vegas real estate market had suffered a major decline in home values up to that date . Elvis ' ghost haunts Michael Jackson death trial Judge rules : Jacksons ca n't watch trial without mom The judge ordered that only one of Michael Jackson 's brothers and sisters can come to court to watch the testimony at at a time -- and then only if Jackson family matriarch Katherine Jackson is present . AEG Live lawyers argued at the start of the second day of the trial that there was "  a risk in allowing any of them in the courtroom . " AEG expects to call Janet , Jermaine , Jackie , Tito , La Toya , Rebbie and Randy Jackson as witnesses in its defense . Only brother Marlon Jackson is not on the defense witness list . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam said in his opening statement Monday that Jackson family members will testify about their failed attempts to intervene with Michael Jackson 's drug addiction and their lack of knowledge about what was happening . The defense lawyers asked that Randy Jackson , the only one attending the trial Tuesday with his 82-year-old mother , be booted from court . After that , Jackson lawyer Brian Panish told the judge that Katherine Jackson , who can stay in court because she is a plaintiff , needed one of her children to sit with her each day . "  He can remain , but you can not have five in the courtroom , " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos said . Because Katherine Jackson left the courtroom early to avoid gruesome testimony by a paramedic who described Jackson 's death , Randy Jackson was unable to watch Tuesday 's testimony . Randy and Rebbie Jackson attended court Monday , the trial 's opening day . All of the siblings attended the 2011 criminal trial of Murray at various times . Having members of the famous entertainment family in court could influence the jury because their seats are just a few feet away from the jury box in the small Los Angeles courtroom . Paramedic : Jackson looked like "  a hospice patient " The first witness called Tuesday was Richard Senneff , one of the Los Angeles County paramedics who responded to the 911 call from Michael Jackson 's home on June 25 , 2009 . Senneff mostly repeated the testimony he gave as one of the first witnesses in the Murray trial , describing how he initially "  thought perhaps this was a hospice patient . " "  He looked like someone who was at the end stage of a long disease process , " he said . "  No , no , this just happened , " Murray told him , Senneff said . Jackson was not breathing and appeared to be dead , he said . An AEG lawyer asked him during cross-examination if he thought Murray was not telling him the truth . "  I do n't even go there , " Senneff said . "  I 'm not worried about that . " Senneff 's testimony is important to informing the jury about the circumstances of Jackson 's death , but the drama that filled the Murray courtroom was not duplicated . In fact , humor sometimes emerged . Panish even asked Senneff whether he had ever rescued a cat . "  I have not rescued a cat , " Senneff , who is also a firefighter , joked . "  I rescued a dog that was lying in the street . " He also shared the ironic story of the next emergency he responded to after leaving Michael Jackson at the UCLA Medical Center 's emergency room . His ambulance was called to a west Los Angeles apartment to help an elderly Russian woman , Senneff said . "  When she heard the news on TV that Michael Jackson had died , she fainted , " he said . She suffered a minor head injury in her fall . "  She was just deeply emotional when we took her to the hospital , " Senneff said . Martinez will return to court Wednesday to resume his testimony , but the trial will break early so a juror can attend a funeral in the afternoon . A medical examiner from the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office is expected to take the stand Thursday . No court is scheduled for Friday .	NEW : LAPD detective suspected Murray would "  do whatever he needed to do to get paid " NEW : Dr. Murray 's house was in foreclosure when Jackson died NEW : Paramedic : Jackson "  looked like someone who was at the end stage of a long disease process " Judges limits Jackson family to one in court at a time and only if mom if there
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy caught the attention of plenty of U.S. celebrities , some of whom were caught in the middle of it . Here 's a sampling : @tylerperry : Hurricane Sandy passing through the Bahamas . Thank God that all storms pass ! @rickygervais : This "  Sandy " who 's on TV all the time and is blowing the entire east coast , I assume she 's a Kardashian right ? @MarthaStewart : the dogs do not want to go outside - the cats have not moved from their beds all day-the horses , donkeys , chickens are all inside-are you ? @RealMichelleT  Michelle Trachtenberg  : You know NYC is under hurricane crisis when there 's not a single cab on the road . #Frankenstorm @MelissaJoanHart : Moving the family to the basement . Too many giant trees falling . Stay safe everyone . God Bless @sethmeyers21 : Every time I go outside to see how bad #Sandy is I see someone confidently walking a tiny dog . @RuPaul : Upon arriving in NYC , #Sandy has requested that we now refer to her as Saundra @chrissyteigen : the worst of the storm is about to come , nyc . if only you had listened to lindsay lohan and emitted only positive energy . next time . @joshgroban : Sending my thoughts to all in the path of #sandy ... looks pretty bad . @katharinemcphee : " @AngeliqueMabida : @katharinemcphee why are you scared ? " Because it sounds like my windows are gon na blow in . #HurricaneSandy @Bethenny  Bethenny Frankel  : Wow . The Hudson River is now on the streets of TriBeCa . @ryanlochte : Due to Hurricane #Sandy the @ 90210 episode is postponed until November 5th . Hope everyone is safe up north ! @DebraMessing : And red wine ... All I need are s'mores and a book and I 'm set for #sandy @katiecouric : This crane collapse is scary on West 57th ! #sandy @joshduhamel : Praying #Sandy does n't do too much damage & everyone stays safe . @ChelseaClinton : Grateful my Mom is away from #Sandy and in Algeria working toward peace in #Mali . @Fergie : Hello #Sandy . Please be nice . @JaredLeto : To everyone in the path of #sandy , please be safe . @itsgabrielleu  Gabrielle Union  : To all in #Sandy 's path ... pls be safe , stay out of harms way & make sure to check on friends , fam , neighbors . Better to be SAFE than sorry ! @Jon_Favreau : Stay safe , East coast . #sandy @RobLowe : Flying home from east coast and #Sandy . Wish I could bring all in harms way with me . #StaySafe @llcoolj : My prayers have been offered for all those affected by hurricane Sandy . Stay safe . @leannrimes : Sending prayers out to everyone in the eye of Hurricane Sandy . @mindykaling : 9 months from now hopefully we will have some cool Hurricane Sandy babies ! @aaronpaul_8 : Sending everyone lots of love who are in the path of hurricane Sandy . May she disappear as soon as possible . @SpikeLee : WAKE UP.People Please Be Safe From The Wrath Of Hurricane Sandy.Mother Nature Do n't Play And This Is n't A Joke.Serious Business.SEEK SHELTER @VWOfficial  Vanessa Williams  : Still have power in NY , thank God ! Hurricane Sandy gave me 2 days off from @ 666ParkAve_ABC . Cooking short ribs recipe on learned on @thechew @Joan_Rivers : Thinking of everyone in NY and on the east coast . Stay safe ! I 'm stuck in LA and unable to appear live on @QVC . This truly NEVER happens ... @snooki : Ahhhhh our power went out !	Ricky Gervais : Is this "  Sandy " a Kardashian ? Katharine MacPhee : It sounds like my windows are gon na blow in LeAnn Rimes : Sending prayers out to everyone in the storm 's path Spike Lee : Mother Nature do n't play and this is n't a joke
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- The homeless men and women shuffle across the frozen ground of the tent camp and surround a steel drum burning wood . They use the flames to cook food and to stay warm . The tents in Seattle are covered with tarps and plastic sheets to help keep out the elements . The tents they live in are small , covered by tarps and plastic sheeting to keep water out . Several tents are collapsed under the weight of a recent snowfall . For Bruce Beavers , however , this camp is just about the best place in the world he could be living right now . "  This is a place for people who lose their jobs , lose their houses , to have some kind of structure and for them to get back out in the world , " he says . Set up in the parking lot of a church near Seattle , Washington , the camp houses anywhere from 50 to 100 homeless people each day . Residents call it Nickelsville . The name takes a page from the infamous "  Hooverville " shantytowns of the Great Depression that were named for a president many thought did not care about their economic hardships . Watch resident give tour , explain rules " Some residents here say they blame Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels and a system they believe makes it difficult to escape homelessness . "  In shelters , if you do n't get there in time enough , you do n't have your bed no more 'cause there are so many people trying to rush in to get it , " Beavers says . "  Got a lotta people losing their homes . You do n't want to go all the way to the bottom . Nickelsville is kind of a catch in between . " Like many of the other Nickelodeons -- as the people who share this church parking lot call themselves -- Bruce Beavers never expected to be homeless . He managed warehouses and hardware stores , had a 401  k  plan and owned his home . But Beavers said he lived beyond his means and eventually lost everything . Beavers and other homeless say they were tired of a shelter system that often splits up families into different housing , does not provide a place for people to keep their possessions while they look for work and offers too few beds . So they say they decided to try their own way . They formed a camp where the homeless living there would know they had a guaranteed place to stay . There would be around-the-clock security to keep people from having their things stolen , the tents would be built from donated materials , and alcohol and drugs would not be permitted . It would be a place for people trying to get out of homelessness . Evan Balverde is a plumber who came to Nickelsville after an accident forced him to stop working . "  We do n't just take in everybody , " Balverde says . "  We 'd like to , but the thing is just a lot of these people out here are mentally incapable or they 're drug addicts or alcoholics and stuff , and that 's why they are on the streets . We do n't put up with that . "  We 're here for people in rough times and homeless , but if you are doing it to yourself , then this is n't the place for you . " The dubious legality of the camp set the organizers on a collision course with the city , and several times police have moved the Nickelodeons off the land on which they were squatting . An invitation to relocate the camp outside a local church gave Nickelsville a reprieve , at least for the time being . Johnny Turner , a homeless man who helped found the camp , says he would like to see Nickelsville grow into a permanent shelter that could accept more people needing a place to go . "  We need more Nickelsvilles , " he says . "  There 's nowhere else . " See photos of Depression-era tent cities " Al Poole of the Seattle Human Services Department says the city spends nearly $ 8 million a year on the homeless . Still , there are n't always beds available for every person needing one , and sometimes families do need to be placed in different shelters . While tent cities might fulfill an immediate need , Poole explains , they also can have the negative effect of turning people who live near the camps against the homeless . Walking around the neighborhood that borders Nickelsville , it is hard to imagine that many residents are happy that their homes now face a homeless camp . And many residents were upset , says homeowner Roland Bradley , when the camp first arrived at their street . "  We had a meeting at the church the week before they came , " Bradley says . "  One of the concerns that people had was about crime and people breaking into their home and children being molested and noise . But that has n't happened . " Motioning to the camp , Bradley adds : "  The reality is that could be us one day . "	Tent city in Seattle , Washington , houses 50 to 100 people Residents say they formed tent city because of dissatisfaction with shelters "  We do n't just take in everybody , " resident says Nearby homeowner says of tent city dwellers : "  That could be us one day "
Olympia , Washington  CNN  -- The news that Al and Tipper Gore are breaking up after 40 years of marriage has generated an outpouring of emotion . Although we do n't have -- and should n't seek -- the inside details , the couple says the decision was mutual and the process will be mutually supportive . Friends have told journalists that no third party was involved ; the two simply grew apart . It leads couples to wonder : "  Could this happen to us ? " and "  Could it already be happening to us ? " One woman called in to a radio show I was on and said plaintively , "  I thought I could count on my marriage after 22 years . You mean we have to keep working at this for the rest of our lives ? " As a family researcher , I understand why the Gore breakup scares people . Divorces after 40 years are rare , but in 2008 , of people who reported divorcing recently , one-quarter had been in marriages that had lasted two decades or more . And divorces among couples 55 or older seem to be rising moderately , even as divorce rates in general have fallen from a high of about 23 divorces per 1,000 married couples in 1979 to less than 17 per 1000 in 2005 . Many people assume that late-life divorces are precipitated by some crisis , typically a man leaving his wife for another woman . But a 2004 AARP survey of people who divorced at older ages found that two-thirds were initiated by the woman , often to the surprise of the man . Although men are more likely to instigate a divorce when they have another partner in sight , women are more likely to say they just could n't stand to be with this partner any more , which jibes with the research showing that women are physiologically and emotionally more sensitive to the negative effects of an unsatisfying relationship . The rise in divorce rates for older people , which is occurring in Great Britain , Canada and Japan , as well as the United States , results from the confluence of two new trends . The first is that we expect more from marriage than in the past . It 's no longer enough for the other partner to be a good provider or a good housekeeper . We want marriage to include friendship , sexual satisfaction and an interesting give-and-take between equals . The second is that if a marriage ceases to meet their needs , older people have many more alternatives than they used to . Today individuals remain active and healthy much longer than in the past , so that staying together "  until death do us part " means that 65-year-olds in an unhappy marriage will likely have another 20 years to wait it out , when they could be traveling , working , even re-inventing themselves . And opportunities for repartnering after age 55 are much greater than they used to be . Are late-life divorces a tragedy ? Sometimes , perhaps -- but three-fourths of the divorced individuals in the AARP survey felt their divorce had been the right step for them . And having to stay in an empty marriage can be a tragedy , too . For a new book on the women of "  The Greatest Generation , " I interviewed women who were wives and mothers in the 1940s , 1950s , and early 1960s . Many described being "  trapped " in empty marriages , longing "  to be free . " But in those decades they simply could n't imagine being able to support themselves , much less make new friends as a "  divorcee , " or meet a potential partner . One woman told me , "  We thought : You 're fat at 40 and finished by 50 . " It 's scary to think that one 's own marriage could become so unbearably confining . It would be nice if every couple could grow together instead of growing apart . But it should be reassuring to know that if your marriage does become deeply unsatisfying , you have other ways to live the rest of your life , and you can end your marriage civilly instead of through humiliating public misconduct or explosive mutual recrimination . The Gores raised four children and were there for each other when they needed to be . Now that they have decided to part , they are trying to do so in a way that is fair and respectful . That does n't sound like failure to me . For the rest of us , the Gore breakup is a reminder that we ca n't take our marriages for granted . But we should see that as a good thing rather than a scary one . People need to grow , and growing together can be fun . One of the best ways to renew marital affection and interest is to face new challenges together , whether that means learning new skills , braving a white-water rafting trip , or traveling to a new place . Let 's take this as a lesson to stop working so hard in our marriages and spend more time playing in them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	Stephanie Coontz says news of the Gores ' breakup makes older couples fret : Could that be us ? Contrary to assumptions , late-life divorces usually instigated by women , she says These divorces rare , but climbing , she says ; chance for repartnering greater these days Coontz : Older couples should focus on growing together with shared experience , play
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- The owner of Luscious Garage is wondering whether the electric wall outlet will be the "  gas tank " of the future . A Toyota Prius hybrid , owned by Luscious Garage , has been converted to run on electricity . Drivers of gas-sipping hybrid vehicles are increasingly interested in converting their vehicles from gasoline powered to electric , according to garage owner and lead technician Carolyn Coquillette . While drivers of conventional gasoline-powered vehicles complain about higher fuel prices , clients of the San Francisco garage are investing big bucks to make their green cars even greener . That 's being done through plug-in conversions and adding more powerful batteries to currently available gasoline/electric hybrid cars , such as the Toyota Prius . "  The regular Prius is a gasoline dependent car ; it does n't get energy from anywhere but the gas tank , " said Coquillette . "  What this -LSB- conversion -RSB- allows me to do is get energy through an -LSB- electric wall -RSB- outlet , so -LSB- the wall outlet -RSB- is like my electric gas tank , " she said . Coquillette , who has degrees in physics and English , said she gets three or four calls or e-mails a day , asking about the conversion . And , she says , with gas prices at more than $ 4 per gallon , she expects even more interest . A lot of the cars that pull in to Luscious Garage are Toyota Prius hybrids , which Coquillette calls , "  the Volkswagen Beetle of our times . " Coquillette showed off the garage 's psychedelically painted Prius , which has undergone the conversion . Its original nickel-metal-hydride battery packs have been replaced with lead acid batteries to extend the distance the car can travel on electricity . Coquillette expects to begin conversions to even more efficient lithium batteries soon . The plug-in conversion costs about $ 7,500 . "  Gas becomes optional , " with this conversion , Coquillette said . "  Gas is n't required to move this car anymore . If you want to drive a really long way , without recharging , yes , gas is required , but it gives you the flexibility of not having to burn gas anymore if you do n't want to . And that 's very liberating , " she said . The garage itself strives to be green , with much of its power coming from solar panels . And with gasoline approaching $ 5 per gallon in the San Francisco Bay area , "  plugging in cars make a whole lot of sense right at the pocketbook , " said Korthof , who works for Energy Efficiency Solar . What kind of people are converting to this conversion ? "  We 've seen such a diverse group of people , " said Coquillette . "  We have some people who come in who are entrepreneurs , who are business people , there are some people who are diehard environmentalists , but there are some people who come in , they just want to burn less gas . " The corporate folks at Toyota do n't have any official position on plug-in conversions . They do n't endorse or discourage it . iReport.com : Show us your first car But for hybrid owners who demonstrate exuberant efforts to find more energy efficiency , "  we really appreciate the fact that the Prius is the vehicle of choice , " said Jana Hartline , environmental communications manager for Toyota . Hartline said the Prius was not designed with any conversion possibilities in mind , but she said the company welcomes any technology that pushes the envelope on plug-in batteries . While the nickel metal hydride  Ni-MH  battery will remain the choice for Prius , Camry and Highlander hybrids , Toyota is doing some research and development with lithium ion batteries . Hartline said Toyota will be using lithium ion batteries in some commercial fleets in late 2009 , mostly to learn more about charging behaviors . Although the current batteries are "  durable and reliable , " Hartline said lithium ion batteries pack more energy into a smaller space . Much more research is needed , she said , about how hybrid owners would use their vehicles . For example , how often and for how long owners would plug in to the electrical grid , or a solar supply . Also , as more drivers become interested in alternative energy , they will need to learn more about infrastructure . For example :  Will companies , malls or fast-food joints provide charging stations ?  Will they charge for the charge ?  In what other ways will the energy infrastructure have to change ? While the 2004-2008 Prius is the most popular hybrid conversion , it is also possible on 2005-2008 Mercury Mariner and Ford Escape hybrids . And , as Coquillette says on the Luscious Garage Web site , "  Any car can become a plug-in hybrid , if you have enough money . " And driven customers do n't seem to be letting cost discourage them from the conversion . "  Customers are not coming to me and saying , ` I 'll do this if there is a rebate . ' People come to me and say , ' I want to do this right away , ' " said Coquillette . Luscious Garage will soon open a second location for the growing number of really green hybrid owners . "  Hybrid technology is one thing . Then there is plug-in hybrid technology , which is the next step , which genuinely removes your dependence on fossil fuel , " said Coquillette . However , most U.S. electricity is created from burning fossil fuels -- about 70 percent , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency of the Department of Energy . Just under 49 percent comes from coal-burning power plants , about 20 percent from natural gas and about 1 1/2 percent from burning oil . CNN 's Peter Dykstra and Miles O'Brien contributed to this report .	San Francisco garage converts hybrid vehicles to plug-in electric power For $ 7,500 , Luscious Garage converts Prius , Mariner , Escape models How will battery-powered vehicles change the nation 's fuel infrastructure ? Electric cars do n't pollute , but much U.S. electricity comes from fossil fuels
The FBI caught the man accused of creating Silk Road -- the shadowy e-commerce site it describes as "  the most sophisticated and extensive criminal marketplace on the Internet today " -- after he allegedly posted his Gmail address online , according to court documents . Federal agents swooped on Ross William Ulbricht in a San Francisco public library Tuesday afternoon , charging the 29-year-old American with narcotics trafficking , computer hacking and money laundering . They allege he is "  the Dread Pirate Roberts , " the Silk Road 's mysterious founder , who drew his pseudonym from the feared , fictitious character in the film The Princess Bride . The FBI claims the former physics and engineering student even publicly alluded to his alleged criminal enterprise on his LinkedIn profile , with a statement describing how his goals had "  shifted " in accordance with his libertarian economic views since leaving grad school at Pennsylvania State University . Ulbricht 's LinkedIn profile states that , since completing his studies in 2010 , he has focused on "  creating an economic simulation to give people a first-hand experience of what it would be like to live in a world without the systemic use of force " of the kind imposed by "  institutions and governments . " "  I want to use economic theory as a means to abolish the use of coercion and agression  sic  amongst mankind , " he wrote . In the indictment against Ulbricht , filed in a New York court , the FBI cyber-crime specialist who led the investigation , Christopher Tarbell , stated that he believed "  that this ` economic simulation ' referred to by Ulbricht is Silk Road . " The Amazon.com of vice The FBI swiftly shuttered the site , an underground digital marketplace that , since its inception in 2011 , has allowed users to anonymously trade illegal goods and services in near total secrecy , using the digital currency bitcoin , and an encryption network called Tor that routes traffic through a "  hidden " area of the Internet known as "  the dark web . " Time.com : Online drug markets alive and thriving Tarbell said the site "  sought to make conducting illegal transactions on the Internet as easy and frictionless as shopping online at mainstream e-commerce websites , " and carried listings for hard drugs , hackers , counterfeit cash , forged ID documents , firearms , ammunition , even hitmen -- one of whom Ulbricht is alleged to have enlisted to kill a blackmailer . According to the indictment , Silk Road had acquired nearly a million registered users worldwide -- about 30 % of whom were based in the U.S. -- in its two and a half years of operation , providing them guidance on how to encrypt their communications and vacuum-pack their wares before shipping through the postal service to avoid detection by law enforcement . Last year , it said , the site added a "  stealth mode " for users who considered themselves "  at risk of becoming a target for law enforcement . " The indictment said the site had generated over 9.5 million bitcoins in sales revenue and over 600,000 bitcoins in commissions for its owner , allowing the site to employ a team of administrators . The value of bitcoins has fluctuated dramatically since the digital currency was created -- it plummeted after Ulbricht 's arrest -- but Tarbell estimated Silk Road 's turnover to be worth about $ 1.2 billion in sales , and $ 80 million in commissions . In February , an Australian drug dealer became the first person to be convicted in connection to Silk Road after using the site to import cocaine and MDMA from Europe . Catching the Dread Pirate Roberts In the section of the indictment outlining how the link between Ulbricht and Dread Pirate Roberts was established , Tarbell detailed how an FBI expert codenamed Agent-1 had located an early online mention of Silk Road dating to January 27 , 2011 , when a user under the handle "  Altoid " made a post on a forum for users of magic mushrooms . "  I came across this website called Silk Road , " wrote Altoid , in a post which linked to the site . "  I 'm thinking of buying off it ... Let me know what you think . " Two days later , someone using the handle "  Altoid " made a similar post on a forum called Bitcoin Talk , recommending Silk Road and providing a link . "  Has anyone seen Silk Road yet ? It 's kind of like an anonymous Amazon.com . I do n't think they have heroin on there , but they are selling other stuff , " it read . The posts , said Tarbell , were an attempt to drum up interest in Silk Road , employing the online marketing tactic of "  astroturfing . " Investigators were given a major break when , eight months later , "  Altoid " made another posting on Bitcoin Talk , stating he was looking for "  an IT pro in the Bitcoin community " to hire in connection with "  a venture backed Bitcoin startup company . " The posting asked interested parties to contact rossulbricht@gmail.com . The indictment also noted that Ulbricht and Dread Pirate Roberts were both vocal adherents of the libertarian theories of Austrian School economist Ludwig von Mises , with Ulbricht 's public Google + account linking to YouTube videos posted by the Ludwig von Mises Institute , and Dread Pirate Roberts repeatedly crediting von Mises with "  providing the philosophical underpinnings for Silk Road . " From a San Francisco Internet cafe Tarbell said that while Dread Pirate Roberts used a "  virtual private network , " or VPN , to create a "  false " IP address , the VPN server 's records indicated a user had accessed it from a San Francisco Internet caf near the home of a friend Ulbricht had gone to live with around September last year . Records obtained from Google showed Ulbricht had regularly logged into his Gmail account from the Internet caf , he said -- including on the same day in June that the VPN was accessed . In July , Ulbricht was visited in San Francisco by Homeland Security agents who had intercepted a package from Canada containing fake ID documents in nine different names , each bearing a photograph of Ulbricht . According to the indictment , Ulbricht -- whose roommates knew him as "  Josh , " and said he was always at home on his computer -- refused to answer questions about the IDs , but told the agents that "  hypothetically " anyone could go on the Silk Road and purchase them . In the weeks prior to the encounter , said Tarbell , Dread Pirate Roberts had been inquiring with Silk Road users about buying fake IDs , saying he needed them in order to rent extra servers for the site . A killing for hire ? It was not the only time Ulbricht is alleged to have used the site to procure illegal services . Tarbell claimed that in March , Dread Pirate Roberts solicited the killing of a Silk Road user who was attempting to blackmail him by threatening to release the identities of thousands of users of the site . The FBI alleges that the Canada-based extortionist , known as FriendlyChemist , demanded $ 500,000 to prevent the release of the information , prompting Dread Pirate Roberts to contact another user and order a hit on FriendlyChemist . "  In my eyes , FriendlyChemist is a liability and I would n't mind if he was executed , " he is alleged to have written , before attempting to haggle down the price . "  Do n't want to be a pain here , but the price seems high . Not long ago , I had a clean hit done for $ 80k . " The FBI claims the hitman later sent a picture of the victim after the job was done -- for approximately $ 150,000 in bitcoins -- although Tarbell said Canadian authorities had no record of a Canadian resident with the name passed to the alleged hitman , nor any record of a homicide around that location and time . Ulbricht 's lawyer , Brandon Leblanc , declined to comment on the case . Silk Road 's closure is unlikely to bring an end to the trade of illegal goods on the "  dark web , " as similar sites operate on the Tor network .	Alleged creator of the Internet 's biggest criminal marketplace arrested in U.S. The FBI claims Ross Ulbricht , 29 , earned $ 80 million in commission from the shadowy site It had nearly a million registered users , responsible for an estimated $ 1.2 billion in sales Despite the site 's secrecy , Ulbricht was tracked after a number of online slip-ups
CNN  The killings of 12 journalists and others at Charlie Hebdo in Paris has led many to wonder about the role of Islam in fueling vicious attacks on civilians in the name of the religion . Policymakers wring their hands about how to curtail the spread of extremist religious ideologies that terrorize Western targets , but also Muslims and non-Muslim minorities in the Middle East , who are extremism 's primary victims . Where are some Muslims getting the idea that violence against journalists who offend them is OK ? Why do they see beheadings as a fitting punishment ? A good place to look for answers would be to examine Saudi Arabia 's policies of intolerance and extremism . King Abdullah , as the protector of Islam 's most sacred religious sites and leader of Saudi Arabia , is widely considered an important role model for Muslims around the world . So it should not come as a surprise that many Muslims take their cues from the country on the prohibitions and punishments they consider appropriate to inflict on those who challenge or disagree with their interpretations of Islam . Saudi Arabia gave a good indication of its position on appropriate punishments last Friday , when it carried out Round 1 of a public flogging -- 50 lashes -- against Raif Badawi , a young blogger , in front of the al-Jafali mosque in Jeddah . A Saudi court had fined Badawi and sentenced him in 2014 to 1,000 lashes over 20 sessions and to 10 years in prison for the crime of "  insulting Islam " -- in part for setting up a liberal website to debate various topics , including religion . Badawi is not the only Saudi who has faced punishment for his perceived views . The government has jailed many leading intellectuals , writers , and activists who have dared to question any tenet of the orthodoxy imposed by the country 's Wahabi religious leaders . A former colleague of Badawi , Su`ad al-Shammari , was jailed in late 2014 on charges of "  insulting the messenger and the hadith " in connection with tweets that allegedly criticized religious authorities . In October , a Saudi court sentenced a Shiite cleric , Nimr al-Nimr , to death for criticizing the government and "  breaking allegiance with the ruler . " The prosecutor had sought what the Saudis call a crucifixion sentence , the kingdom 's harshest , in which the convicted person is beheaded and the decapitated body displayed in public . There is so much shock and outrage about ISIS propaganda videotapes showing its beheadings of journalists in Iraq and Syria -- and most recently , the reported beheadings of two Tunisian journalists in Libya . But the much more routine and widespread beheadings by Saudi Arabia get little scrutiny and condemnation . Saudi Arabia beheaded at least 26 people last August alone . The 82 executions in 2014 make Saudi Arabia a world leader in capital punishment . Saudi Interior Ministry news releases indicate that about half of them were for nonviolent crimes , the other half for drug offenses and one for sorcery . Yes , you read that right . In 2014 , Saudi Arabia was still beheading people for "  sorcery . " So is it really any surprise that extremist groups -- also acting in the name of Islam -- seem to be following Saudi 's lead , meting out their own severe punishments against journalists and activists they find offensive ? If Saudi Arabia thinks publicly beheading people comports with Islamic religious teachings and deters those who also might want to criticize them or question their religion , why should n't ISIS ? One might argue that a nation , unlike some self-designated Islamic Caliphate , has the legitimacy and authority to exercise state-sponsored violence , including against its own citizens . But countries also have obligations to respect human rights . Saudi Arabia 's abusive prosecutions and cruel punishments flout these obligations , and undermine its own legitimacy . There is probably little governments and policymakers can do to influence the ideology of extremist armed groups . But there 's a lot more they can and should do to influence the policies and practices of purported allies in the "  war on terror . " That includes the anti-ISIS coalition , to which Saudi Arabia and many other unaccountable , authoritarian , and deeply abusive Arab governments belong . While the United States and United Kingdom governments ' statements condemning Badawi 's flogging were a good start , more often these countries are utterly silent in the face of Saudi Arabia 's grotesque abuses against its own citizens . The West 's denunciations of ISIS abuses have less credibility when governments carrying out similar abuses , if much smaller in scale and magnitude , are good chums , strong allies , and important investors . If the international community is serious about taking on Islamist extremist ideologies -- if it wants to see real models of tolerance , respect for diverse viewpoints , religious freedom , and the free and peaceful exchange of ideas -- it must urge King Abdullah to be the true protector of the rights of Muslims around the world . For a start , he can overturn the sentence against Badawi and release dozens of detained activists and writers . He could even abolish beheadings , overnight , if that is what he wanted . . .	Sarah Leah Whitson : Blogger 's flogging most recent example of Saudi 's extreme punishment She says on jihad violence , easy to connect dots to Saudi Arabia , region 's model for repression Whitson : U.S. slammed flogging by its ally , but is silent on routine , grotesque abuses of Saudi citizens
CNN  -- At least 158 people have been killed since fighting broke out earlier this month between separatist rebels and soldiers in the Philippines , state news reported Wednesday . The majority of those killed , 125 , were militants from the Moro National Liberation Front  MNLF  , the government-run Philippines News Agency  PNA  said . Also among the reported dead were 15 members of the military , five from police , and 13 civilians . The lengthy crisis in Zamboanga City began when large numbers of rebels from the Muslim militant group came ashore more than two weeks ago . They took roughly 180 people hostage in coastal areas of the city . After attempts to negotiate the hostages ' release failed , security forces moved in , resulting in intense bursts of fighting . The vast majority of the captives have now been freed , but authorities believe the rebels are still holding around five people , Lt. Col. Ramon Zagala , a military spokesman , said Wednesday . The unrest has fueled fears of increased instability in a region where the central government is pursuing a new peace plan after decades of violence . More than 109,000 people have been displaced in Zamboanga City and close to 19,000 are displaced in Basilan province , according to the United Nations , which described the situation Wednesday as a humanitarian crisis . Zamboanga City , on the southwestern tip of Mindanao , is a mainly Christian city . "  We are increasingly alarmed by the situation and the growing needs of people caught up with violence , " said Luiza Carvalho , U.N. resident and humanitarian coordinator in the Philippines . "  We are particularly concerned for the most vulnerable , especially the well-being of women and children . " Hundreds of houses have caught fire during the fighting . Authorities have accused the rebels of deliberately starting the fires . The rebels are a faction of the MNLF , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in the mainly Catholic Philippines . The MNLF signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 , but some of its members have broken away to continue a violent campaign . Last month , Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on resource-rich Mindanao . CNN 's Tim Schwarz , Kathy Quiano and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Fighting has raged between Muslim rebels and soldiers in Zamboanga City At least 158 people have been killed , including 13 civilians United Nations : The unrest has displaced more than 100,000 people Authorities believe about five hostages are still being held by rebels
CNN  -- The share price of Samsung Electronics dropped nearly 7.5 % in trading Monday as investors had their first opportunity to react to the more than $ 1 billion decision against the Korean electronics giant by a California jury for infringing on Apple patents . Samsung dropped 6.3 % at the open of South Korea 's Kospi index and finished the day down 7.45 % , after dropping as much as 7.7 % . The tumble erased about $ 12 billion from the company 's market value Monday . Samsung is planning to appeal Friday 's decision of a U.S. federal jury which awarded Apple $ 1.05 billion for copying the look and feel of iPhones and iPad design . The jury rejected Samsung 's counterclaims against Apple . A senior Samsung executive told the Korea Times the decision was "  absolutely the worst scenario for us " as he was heading into an emergency meeting at the company 's Seoul headquarters on Sunday . The decision could lead to the prohibition of sales in the U.S. of Samsung smarphones and computer tablets found to have violated Apple 's patents . A hearing on the matter is scheduled for September 20 . CNNMoney : What the Apple-Samsung verdict means for your smartphone "  As far as the money damages are concerned ,  Samsung  will make that up in the long run . The bigger issue at the moment them having to come up with new and unique designs appealing to the customer base , " said Christopher Carani , chairman of the design rights committee of the American Bar Association . "  It will lead to fewer choices , less innovation , and potentially higher prices , " Samsung said in a written statement after Friday 's decision . "  It is unfortunate that patent law can be manipulated to give one company a monopoly over rectangles with rounded corners , or technology that is being improved every day by Samsung and other companies . " Apple , meanwhile , praised the court for "  sending a loud and clear message that stealing is n't right . " "  The mountain of evidence presented during the trial showed that Samsung 's copying went far deeper than even we knew , " the company said in a statement . A nine-person jury spent just two and a half days puzzling out its final verdict , with weeks of notes and memories of testimony , 109 pages of jury instructions , and boxes of evidence including a collection of contested smartphones and tablets as their guide . The jury award shows the growing importance of design for electronics makers . In 2001 , Apple and Samsung were awarded 10 and eight U.S. design patents , respectively . This year , Apple could have as many as 333 design patents approved , while Samsung could have as many as 500 , Carani said . "  Central to the U.S. case and at its very core was design rights , the way things look , and that 's really where the large amount of this billion-dollar damages judgment comes from , " Carani said . The lawsuit is the largest yet in the ongoing worldwide patent brawl between the two companies , which itself is just one battle in Apple 's war against Google 's Android mobile operating system . On Friday , a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other 's patents , banning the sale of the iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , two iPad models and Samsung 's Galaxy S2 . The Korean court ordered Apple to pay Samsung $ 35,000 and Samsung to pay Apple $ 22,000 . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Heather Kelly , John D. Sutter and Dan Simon contributed to this report	NEW The share price of Samsung Electronics dropped nearly 7.5 % in trading Monday Comes after a California jury awarded Apple $ 1.05 billion in a patent dispute with Samsung The tumble erased about $ 12 billion from the South Korean electronics giant 's market value
A newly discovered and often deadly virus related to one that causes the common cold has struck another victim , this time in France . A man hospitalized in April is infected with the novel coronavirus , France 's Health Ministry said Thursday . The NCoV virus was recently found for the first time in humans and scattered cases have occurred across parts of the Middle East , particularly Saudi Arabia . It has proved deadly in more than half of the confirmed cases so far , according to the World Health Organization . Of 31 people with confirmed infections , at least 18 have died . But infectious disease specialists believe the virus is very difficult to catch . The newly infected man is the first confirmed infection in France , the Health Ministry said . He had recently returned from travel to the United Arab Emirates , which is on the Arabian Peninsula . Identifying the source of the man 's ailment took time , the ministry said . France 's Pasteur Institute confirmed the case Wednesday . The Health Ministry is seeking anyone who may have had contact with the patient . NCoV , like some common colds , is also caused by a coronavirus . And like a cold , it attacks the respiratory system , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have said . But symptoms are severe and can lead to pneumonia and even kidney failure . "  Once it gets you , it 's a very serious infection , " said Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville . NCoV has also been compared to related coronavirus , the one that causes SARS , or severe acute respiratory syndrome , which appears to have been contained in 2004 , according to the CDC . Although its discovery in humans is new , NCoV would seem potentially deadlier , when contracted , than SARS . Of the some 8,000 verified cases of SARS , fewer than 800 people -- less than one-tenth of those infected -- died .	Out of 31 confirmed cases of infection , the NCoV virus has killed at least 18 people The virus is related to one that causes the common cold , also a coronavirus NCoV has been compared to SARS , which killed about 10 % of its confirmed victims
CNN  -- Cynde Strand , CNN 's Beijing camerawoman during the crisis , had spent night after night in Tiananmen Square , amidst a heap of trash , leaning on her ladder , her head over her camera , just waiting for something to happen . Cynde Strand : "  I just knew this was the day it was going to end . " If she was really exhausted , she 'd lay plastic over the trash and cat-nap on that . "  Every night I would stay there , " she recalled . "  Every night there 'd be rumors that the troops were coming , or they were n't coming . And then there were all those kids we had gotten to know , " she said about the demonstrators . "  Some days I 'd start around 5 and just stay the whole night , " she said . "  The sun would come up and I would just ache . But I knew I wanted to be there when it happened . " She and Mike Chinoy , both based in Beijing and both keen watchers of the Chinese leadership , shared the feeling that the situation was going to end badly . The Chinese had been deeply embarrassed by the demonstrators during the visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , they reasoned , and the students were still occupying Tiananmen Square , although their numbers had dwindled . See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " In their minds , the Chinese leadership just would not stand for that . And Strand had a feeling that whatever was going to happen was going to happen at night , when energy levels were low . "  That Saturday  June 3  , I just knew this was the day it was going to end , " she said . "  That peaceful people-power picnic sit-in was gone . There was anger , rock-throwing behind the Great Hall of the People . The tension was much higher . " And then Strand and her team got word of troops coming towards the giant square . And then kids started running into one side of the square with bodies . "  I got everybody together and said , ` okay , this is it , ' " she recalled . " ` If you do n't want to stay , you can go . You do n't have to stay here with me , but you have to leave now . ' " She and soundman Kit Swartz stayed in the square for that entire historic night , determined to witness history . "  Bullets were whizzing overhead and then about 3 or 4 in the morning , they turned all the lights off , " she said . "  Troops started pouring out of Mao 's mausoleum , different troops came out from under Mao 's portrait . Tanks moved in . By early morning , they had taken over the square and crushed that tent city . " Strand did n't get to film much that overnight of June 4 . It was dark , she and Swartz took shelter behind public bathrooms for awhile , and the most dramatic images she had managed to film had gone with producer Donna Liu back to the CNN bureau . Strand had no idea what had happened to the tapes . And no one at CNN knew what had happened to her and Kit . Her walkie-talkie battery was long dead and nobody had cellphones then . From CNN 's base at the Beijing Hotel , the square , she knew , "  looked like hell , with buses on fire , APCs -LSB- armed personnel carriers -RSB- on fire and the Goddess of Democracy statue backlit by the fires burning on the road . " Daytime broke . Chinese troops controlled the square . Strand and Swartz needed to get back to the CNN bureau . They flagged down a flat-bed rickshaw driver , who pedaled them and their gear to the Beijing Hotel . As they arrived , journalists leaned out of the hotel windows , begging to hear what had happened overnight . She walked into the CNN bureau . She and Chinoy looked at each other . She could see the palpable relief on his face . "  It was one of those moments , " she recalled , "  just a deep connection between us . It said : ` We knew it was coming , and we survived it . ' " Cynde Strand is now Director of Coverage at CNN International , based in Atlanta Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	Camerawoman Cynde Strand had spent night after night in Tiananmen Square As troops arrived , she "  got everybody together and said , okay , this is it " "  Bullets were whizzing overhead ... then they turned the lights off " She and soundman Kit Swartz stayed in the square for the entire historic night
Life.com  -- Saturday , June 1 , marks Marilyn Monroe 's 87th birthday . Or rather , it marks the 87th anniversary of her birth . It 's difficult , after all , to envision what an 87th birthday might look and feel like for someone who died more than a half-century ago , when she was just 36 years old . Here , in a quiet tribute to Marilyn Monroe , LIFE.com presents a series of color pictures by Alfred Eisenstaedt , made at the movie star 's Hollywood home almost exactly 60 years ago in the spring of 1953 , when she was just 26 . What 's perhaps most striking about these photos , especially in light of all we now know about Marilyn 's fraught and deeply sad life , is how relaxed , self-possessed and  dare we say it ?  happy she looks . See the entire gallery and read the full story on Life.com .	Photos of a 26-year-old Marilyn Monroe Photos taken by Alfred Eisenstaedt at her Hollywood home Saturday , June 1 , marks Marilyn Monroe 's 87th birthday
Logne , Haiti  CNN  -- Joanie Yestin walks through a small alleyway to what used to be home , now a pile of concrete and crushed belongings . A plastic flower arrangement still hangs on an exterior wall that did n't collapse in the earthquake . One wooden bathroom cabinet survived . Standing amid the rubble , Yestin , 23 , recalls that horrific day : She had just returned home from her job as a secretary at Logne 's Cool FM radio station and was preparing to take a bath when the earth started rumbling . She rushed out in time , stood with her mother and watched showers of concrete . When the ground became still , she went back in to search for her father . A block had fallen on him . He died almost instantly . After she buried him , after she found a small plot of land outside a local school to set up temporary shelter , Yestin thought about what she might do to mend her broken soul , her broken nation . She put on her salvaged Girl Scout uniform -- a tan cotton blouse and skirt and a green scarf twisted around her neck . Yestin , like many of Haiti 's almost 10,000 Boys and Girls Scouts , decided to contribute her share to the earthquake relief effort . "  It 's important to have Haitians involved in the recovery , " said Georges Clement , the Scout leader in Logne . "  We want to help . " Full coverage of Haiti earthquake Since the fall of the Duvalier dictatorship in the 1980s , Haiti has created many civil society organizations and groups , but none has been particularly strong in the midst of political and economic turmoil , said Sophie Perez , the country director for the humanitarian agency CARE , which has worked in Haiti since 1954 . It was vital to involve grass-roots groups in the earthquake recovery process , she said , because local people are the ones who have the biggest stake in the future . The Scouts have one other advantage : They are young . "  It is important to involve young people right from the start , " Perez said . "  They can learn values of solidarity and good governance . " But as determined as Yestin is to help , this particular community chore is hardly easy for her Scout troop . In Baussan , a village near Logne , about 30 miles west of Port-au-Prince , the Scouts lined up to distribute essential hygiene items trucked in by CARE . Yestin and her friends broke out in a song about being together ; it was the only way to get through life 's tribulations . She smiled and laughed with the others . And yet not one among them had been unscathed by the terrible tragedy that befell Haiti on January 12 . Many had lost a family member or a home . By day , few are in school . By night , they sleep under the stars . No one 's lives are the way they were anymore . The missing , the found , the victims Yestin handed out red , green and blue buckets filled with soap , toothpaste , towels . She tore open the plastic-on-foam mattresses and blankets to hand out to the needy . She tried not to think about her own loss at that moment . "  It was God 's will " that her father died , she had said earlier . "  I will do my very best to help others because that is what I have been trained to do , " she said about her five years in the Scouts . "  Up until now , I have n't really had the opportunity to help others . " Yestin passed along one CARE bucket after another . She did not cry like she did when the earth shook . Or worry that her education was in peril . She had wanted to attend university , study communications . But it was her father who made a living as a mason . Who will pay her tuition now ? Who will support her 5-year-old nephew ? His unemployed parents depended on her for a few extra dollars . She often feels scared these days when she is alone . "  I love the way we work together , " she said of the Scouts . So on this blazing afternoon , amid the despair of the needy , she simply took comfort .	Many of Haiti 's 10,000 Boys and Girls Scouts contribute to earthquake relief "  It is important to involve young people right from the start , " CARE official says Scouts help even though they have lost homes , family members
InStyle.com  -- The Cyrus family is ready to rock and always on a roll at its new L.A. home . Kick back and chill out with Billy Ray , Miley and the entire guitar-crazy clan . Billy Ray , Tish and Miley join Braison and Noah for chips and salsa in the kitchen before a rare barbecue . After months on the road , playing concerts one city at a time , Hannah Montana deserves a little R&R when she gets home . "  I just Superman onto my bed , " says Miley Cyrus , 15 , whose Disney Channel alter ego has made her a pop sensation , with two multiplatinum sound-track albums and more than 70 sold-out concerts in the past year . "  I love to sleep . I 'd sleep all day if I could . " Her father and Hannah co-star , country music icon Billy Ray Cyrus , prefers to think of the family 's Mediterranean-style villa in North Hollywood as more than a crash pad . "  I like for the house to be an escape from the insanity that is outside , " says the 46-year-old singer and actor best known for his signature hit "  Achy Breaky Heart . " Inside , the superstars focus simply on relaxing with Miley 's mom and manager , Tish , 41 , grandmother Loretta Finley  who runs Miley 's fan club  , 72 , brothers Trace , 19 , and Braison , 14 , and sisters Brandi , 21 , and Noah , 8 . "  Our house is fun , " says Miley . "  Parts of it are really modern , but it 's mostly old Italian country . " She opted for a "  more chill " vibe in her two-room bedroom one for sleeping , one for hanging out and playing music with friends such as dancer Mandy Jiroux and High School Musical 's Ashley Tisdale . Inspired by the ultra-cool Viceroy Hotel in nearby Santa Monica , the suite has sea blue walls , coral-filled lamps and a delicate shell chandelier that hangs over her bed . "  It feels beachy and Old Hollywood , " says Miley . "  I love the way the room is laid out . " Billy Ray felt the same way about the entire house the first time he saw it in 2007 , when the family decided they needed more space and privacy in the after-blast of Hannah Montana 's success ... "  I just walked in and said , ` That 's it ; that 's the place , ' " he says . Though Billy Ray and Miley have work to do in their native Tennessee , where the highly anticipated Hannah Montana movie is filming , right now he 's eager to lead his youngest daughter on a roller-skating expedition around the house . Miley sits at the foot of the stairs , teaching her brother how to break in his guitar strings . The Cyrus clan is happy to be home , even if the comings and goings of family and friends sometimes get as crazy as life on the road . "  It feels like we 're at the YMCA ; there are so many people just in our family , " Miley says with a laugh . "  Then our friends come over , and it 's like , OK , this is a stinkin ' country club ! " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Miley Cyrus ' Disney Channel alter ego is Hannah Montana , a pop sensation Cyrus has two bedrooms , one for sleeping and one for hanging out The family bought their new L.A. home in the wake of Cyrus ' recent success Cyrus lives with her mom , dad , grandmother , two brothers and two sisters
CNN  -- Can you feel the change of seasons in the air ? It 's almost time for apple cider , pumpkin picking and leaves changing color . Autumn days are coming soon . Those shorter days tell trees that it 's time to shut down for the winter . As trees stop photosynthesis -- the process by which plants use sunlight and water to make food -- fall colors will start to appear . Why do leaves change colors ? We know this amazing scientific process happens every year , but we ca n't help but be mesmerized by its fleeting beauty . To celebrate the season , CNN iReport chose some of our favorite autumn photos to share .	Fall foliage exemplifies the beauty of changing seasons CNN iReporters around the country share their beautiful autumn images Have a beautiful travel picture to share ? Submit yours at CNN iReport
CNN  -- Suede slip-ons , elegant high-heels or lace-up brogues -- whatever shoes you wear in an important business meeting you want to look your shiny best . Some people apply polish with a brush and others choose a cloth , while those coming from afar often leave the task to the capable hands of craftsmen who can make travel-worn footwear look like brand new . If someone has shined your shoes in a South African airport , it 's probably thanks to Lere Mgayiya . "  We 're the biggest shoe-shine company in Africa , " he explains without sounding arrogant . "  In Johannesburg we shine about 350 pairs of shoes a day , and about 120 pairs in Cape Town and another 120 in Durban . " In total , Lere 's Shoe Shine business has 45 employees across the three major airports , and the boss is now eyeing partnerships in America and UK , as well as expansion across Africa . On this particularly day , Mgayiya , 40 , is wearing Clarks -- black slip-ons . With annual revenue nearing 2.5 million rand  $ 227,000  , his demeanor resembles his feet -- comfortable . But things were n't always on such a sure footing for Mgayiya . The resourceful South African had to go through a string of failures to get to where he is today -- a spectacular entrepreneurial journey of risk , belief and reward . Airborne beginnings Long before becoming South Africa 's shoe shining king , Mgayiya started his professional career distributing boarding cards for South African Airways . But after five years with the airline and a promotion to supervisor , Mgayiya was made redundant . "  I was n't ready to leave , " he recalls . "  If the truth be told , I was afraid -- it gave me a push . " Mgayiya stopped handling paper and joined the family livestock transportation business . "  I enjoyed being out and about , " he says , while explaining his role negotiating with farmers . "  I enjoyed setting my own goals and achieving them . " But life in a family business was n't all plain-sailing . When Mgayiya suggested taking a loan and securing exclusive contracts , his uncle asked him to move on . After a year , he was jobless again . Failed attempts His mother 's brother took away his job , but Mgayiya kept in contact with his farmer clients and soon embarked on his next project : selling the farmers ' eggs to the kitchen of the South African parliament . Making just $ 6 profit per egg box , this however was not a lucrative operation . "  I fell behind with payments to farmers , " he remembers . "  I did n't have money to start my car . You need big pockets to run a supply business . " When his chips were down , Mgayiya stayed optimistic and entered the Sandlam Money Game -- a TV competition for entrepreneurs . Marketing execs at Red Bull liked his advertising idea , and Mgayiya won the game . "  I got 35,000 Rand  $ 3,100  in two days , " he says . "  It was great . " He took that money and invested it all in a tree-planting company which he then started working for . But six months later things went sour , and Mgayiya was penniless again and back at square one . Mgayiya had already experienced hard times , but the year to come was to test his resolve . "  I needed a steady income , so I decided on a shoe-shining business at Cape Town airport . A hungry man ca n't think , and I was starving . " He got in touch with his contacts from his airline days and applied for the business space in November 2002 . The authorities took until September 2003 to give him the go ahead . "  In that year I sold my car ... I worked as a receptionist for three months . I begged and borrowed just to make ends meet . " Business beginnings Before he could start shining shoes , Mgayiya pawned his fridge to buy business equipment . But on his first day Mgayiya and his sole employee arrived to bad news . "  The supplier I had paid to provide pedestals failed to deliver , " Mgayiya remembers . "  I polished shoes in my lap . " In the beginning , both staff members worked flat out 5am to 9pm every day of the week except Sunday . "  I left the house before my family woke up , and only got home after my young daughter had gone to sleep , " he recalls . "  It was tough . " But customer numbers soon got a boost after a client suggested that the business name should highlight the personal , chatty aspect of the business . "  Airport Shoeshine " became "  Lere 's Shoe Shine , " and people liked it -- after just four months . the team had grown to five and business was booming . Big plans Success in Cape Town did n't cool Mgayiya 's ambition , and after a year he got a chance to pitch to the person in charge of all South African airports . She liked his idea , and expansion started soon after . At its height , the company had 60 employees in five airports across the country . Today , Mgayiya has scaled back to the three major ones : Cape Town , Durban and Johannesburg . "  I have my own house and send my daughter to private school , " he beams . "  And I could afford to get married -- a proper marriage . " He no longer works from 5am to 9pm either . "  I just do the one shift from 12 , " he says , laughing . "  The family loved that one . " "  When starting a business in South Africa , you need self-belief , " is his top advice for young entrepreneurs . "  All the conditions will never all be favorable at the same time . If you do n't start , you wo n't go anywhere -- you have to start . " While he 's under way now , Mgayiya shows no signs of stopping . He has his eyes on Angola , Kenya and Nigeria for expansion , as well as partnerships in U.K. and America . His shine for business may have emerged from a number of failures , but this entrepreneur shows how smudges and setbacks should n't get in the way of success . Watch this : Shoe making saves street kids Read this : How to make a fortune in Africa Read this : Wearable tech hits the road	Lere Mgayiya spent five years working for South Africa Airways He worked with livestock on his family 's business Winning the Sandlam Money Game on TV led to a quick cash injection Now , his shoeshining business has 45 staff and turnover of more than 2.5 million rand
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A political coalition widely regarded as the liberal option dominated Libya 's historic parliamentary elections , results showed Tuesday . The National Forces Alliance  NFA  won 39 seats , the most of any group . The coalition was trailed by the Justice and Construction party , a Muslim Brotherhood affiliate , which won 17 seats nationwide . The results make Libya unique among countries that have held elections after Arab Spring uprisings . Voters in the North African nation chose a more liberal coalition to lead , while voters in Egypt and Tunisia both opted for Islamist parties . The balance of power in the 200-seat General National Congress , however , remains up in the air . Head of leading Libyan political party calls for unity Eighty seats are allocated to political entities , while 120 are reserved for individual candidates , which means the NFA 's electoral victory does not automatically grant it a majority . The results , though complete , are not yet final . Rivals have a 14-day period to file appeals , after which the results will be certified . Libyans voted July 7 for the assembly that will appoint a transitional government and oversee the drafting of a constitution . About 3,500 candidates ran for the new parliament . The assembly , which will take over from the National Transitional Council , will have 30 days from its first meeting to appoint a prime minister . The NFA is led by Mahmoud Jibril , who was prime minister in the interim government that declared Libya a free nation after the 2011 revolt that toppled longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi in October . The mercurial Gadhafi dismantled many of the civic institutions common to democratic states during his 42 years in power , leaving Libya struggling to emerge from his shadow . While Gadhafi 's death ended much of the violence , unrest continues in parts of the country , particularly the south and the west , and the government has not been able to completely contain the militias that helped overthrow the former leader . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last week , Jibril said that it is vital for Islamists , liberals and secularists to "  sit around one table " and form a new government . "  I think the biggest challenge right now is to convince our potential partners , especially the Islamist forces , that now it 's time that we sit around one table and talk about one destiny that is in the interest of the Libyan people , " he said from Tripoli . "  It has nothing to do with who prevails in those elections or those who do not prevail . " Jibril said the absence of a civic structure in Libya means people of all political ideologies can be part of a new government . "  It 's an opportunity that all parties , all political forces can have a new start where all of them can participate and take part in the reestablishment of the state , " he said . The NFA is a coalition of 58 political parties that campaigned as a "  more liberal , progressive option " and focused heavily on economic issues , according to the Project on Middle East Democracy , a U.S.-based group . Bucking the trend of the Arab Spring	Libyans voted July 7 for a General National Congress , a 200-seat assembly The National Forces Alliance  NFA  wins 39 seats , the most of any group Results are not final until after a 14-day appeals period Libya is unique among nations that have held elections after Arab Spring uprisings
CNN  -- Marvel announced a huge slate of forthcoming films at a Tuesday news conference -- including a two-part "  Avengers , " "  Infinity War " -- but left out a bit of "  Strange " information fans were waiting for . At an enthusiastic gathering at Hollywood 's El Capitan Theatre , Marvel chief Kevin Feige reeled off announcements for a new Captain America film , a "  Guardians of the Galaxy " sequel and the two-part Avengers adventure . The company also plans to introduce some of its other characters on the big screen , including Black Panther , Captain Marvel and the Inhumans . Although a "  Doctor Strange " film was announced , Marvel did n't bring out Benedict Cumberbatch , who has been widely rumored to be in negotiations to play the powerful magician . Benedict Cumberbatch reportedly to play Doctor Strange "  We 're opening up an entire new corner of the  Marvel  cinematic universe : the mystical , " Feige said . "  Doctor Strange " is scheduled for release November 4 , 2016 . The character was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko and made his first appearance in Strange Tales No. 110 in 1963 . He 's a former neurosurgeon who rises to become the Sorcerer Supreme and protect the planet from magical threats . Scott Derrickson is set to direct . "  Strange " was n't the only film to get a spot on the Marvel calendar . The new Captain America film , "  Captain America : Civil War , " will be released May 6 , 2016 . A "  Guardians of the Galaxy " sequel is slated for May 5 , 2017 , and the next Thor movie will come out in July 2017 . "  Black Panther " will follow in November 2017 , "  Captain Marvel " in July 2018 and "  The Inhumans " in November 2018 . Captain Marvel will be a female superhero , the alter ego of Carol Danvers . Marvel tweeted concept art for "  Black Panther . " In addition , Marvel announced a two-part "  Avengers " film , "  Avengers : Infinity War , " due in 2018 and 2019 . "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " the sequel to 2012 's "  The Avengers , " comes out in 2015 . Its trailer has already lit up the Internet . Feige said Marvel 's plans -- and the opportunity to make a big announcement -- have been the works for a while . "  We wanted to do this at Comic-Con this year , and things were not set : ` Civil War ' was n't set ; ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' was n't out yet . " he said . "  Guardians , " which came out in August , is the biggest-grossing film of the year . Robert Downey Jr. , who plays Iron Man , and Chris Evans , who plays Captain America , were on hand for the presentation , along with Chadwick Boseman , who will play Black Panther . "  I 'm blessed to be a part of this Marvel universe , and I 'm looking forward to making magic happen , " Boseman said . The actor portrayed Jackie Robinson in last year 's "  42 " and recently played James Brown in "  Get On Up . " However , Cumberbatch was a no-show . "  If it were confirmed , we would have introduced him today , " Feige said at the news conference . Cumberbatch is currently on a hot streak . In addition to his well-received "  Sherlock " series , for which he won an Emmy this year , he 's earned a great deal of Oscar buzz for his performance as cyberpioneer Alan Turing in "  The Imitation Game , " a drama about World War II codebreakers .	"  Avengers : Infinity War " part of Marvel slate leading to 2019 "  Doctor Strange " is among them , but there 's no confirmation on its lead actor Emerging star Chadwick Boseman will play Black Panther Other films include "  Captain Marvel " with female lead
London  CNN  -- A 51-year-old man was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of intimidation of a witness in connection with an investigation into alleged phone hacking , London 's Metropolitan Police said . He is also suspected of encouraging or assisting an offense , the police statement said . The man , who was not identified , was previously arrested on April 5 last year on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications and unlawful interception of voice mail messages , the statement said . He has been released on bail . His arrest comes a day after that of Rebekah Brooks -- the former editor of the British tabloid News of the World and a confidante of its owner , Rupert Murdoch -- and five others on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . Dozens of current and former employees of News International , the News Corp. subsidiary that publishes Murdoch 's British newspapers , have been arrested on suspicion of bribing police or illegally intercepting voice mail or e-mail . No one has been charged . Accusations of widespread phone hacking on behalf of News of the World prompted its publisher to fold the publication last July . Brooks had previously been arrested in connection with phone hacking and police bribery . She was released on bail Tuesday after a day of questioning . The widening scandal has spawned three police investigations , two parliamentary committee investigations and an independent inquiry . Parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport Committee on Wednesday released a copy of a letter sent to it by James Murdoch , Rupert Murdoch 's son , who stepped down as chief executive of News International last month . James Murdoch said he could have asked more questions of senior officers at the firm , but rejected the suggestion that his resignation as chief executive reflected unrevealed knowledge relating to the scandal . "  I take my share of responsibility for not uncovering wrongdoing earlier , " he wrote in the letter , dated March 12 . "  However , I have not misled Parliament . I did not know about , nor did I try to hide , wrongdoing . I do not believe the evidence before you supports any other conclusion . " Murdoch said he had resigned in order to focus on developing News Corp. 's television businesses from the company 's New York base . He has twice been called to testify before the committee in London about what he may have known of misconduct by staff at News International . Police investigating phone hacking say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the British royal family , may have been targets of the practice by journalists . The hacking involved illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a personal identification number to access messages remotely . CNN 's Richard Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	A 51-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of intimidation of a witness , London police say He was previously arrested on suspicion of intercepting voice mail messages His rearrest comes a day after that of former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks Police are investigating alleged misconduct by News International employees
CNN  -- The most important question facing Washington today is : How do we move America forward ? This question guides everything we do at Americans for Prosperity . From health care to taxes to environmental issues , we fight for policies that would give every American the best shot at a better life . But politicians in Washington do n't want to answer this question . Even if they tried , they would n't know where to start . They 're too busy attacking anyone with whom they disagree . Exhibit A : Writing on these pages several days ago , Brad Woodhouse from American Bridge 21st Century declared that we want to "  buy elections " and pursue a "  self-serving " agenda . Exhibit B : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid regularly takes to the Senate floor to denounce groups like Americans for Prosperity as "  un-American . " Moreover , everything we say , according to Reid , is "  untrue . " Dozens of Senate and House candidates have since parroted Reid 's baseless assertions in stump speeches , campaign e-mails , and more . This is nothing more than the politics of personal destruction . Yet personal attacks are all they have in their playbook . Washington 's record from the past few years does n't stand up to scrutiny -- and they know it . They ca n't show how they 've helped the people they claim to represent . Millions of Americans have been harmed by their bankrupt policies and broken promises . Look no further than Obamacare for proof . It has been nothing but a burden on hard-working American families . The country deserves to hear their stories . For months , we 've worked with middle-class families in states like Arkansas , North Carolina , Michigan , Louisiana , and elsewhere . Obamacare canceled their plans and forced them to buy health insurance that they did n't want and could n't afford . Between 6 and 9 million families experienced similar problems firsthand . Millions more found out that their new plans do n't include their doctors or cost far more than expected . Everywhere we look , people are paying more but getting less . Their response ? Call these people liars . It 's a similar story with Washington 's current energy policies . These , too , attack middle-class Americans . Take the example of the EPA regulations unveiled on June 2 . It does n't take an economist to see that these rules will increase electricity costs on families and businesses and kill jobs . Even The New York Times admits that "  jobs will indeed be lost " and "  costs imposed " by the new rules . These costs will disproportionately harm the middle class and the poor , who pay a greater percentage of their income on electricity and everyday goods . As for the effect on the climate ? The EPA 's own data shows that the new rules will only prevent 0.018 degrees Celsius of warming between now and 2100 . Ask the Americans who lose their jobs whether this nearly nonexistent change is worth it . The list goes on . Washington 's solution to every problem is to create a bureaucracy and lavish it with billions in taxpayer dollars . In return we get the Department of Veterans Affairs , the IRS , and bureaucracies that can barely function or actively harm Americans . Meanwhile , Washington 's demands for higher taxes will stifle small business growth and job creation even though the economy is stalled and labor force participation is hovering near record lows . Ditto for the years of trillion dollar deficits and the $ 17.5 trillion dollar debt , which has nearly doubled since President Obama took office . Such unchecked , out-of-control spending -- which many in Washington only want to expand -- will harm our economy and American families for generations for to come . This is Washington 's record . Such big government policies hobble the economy and harm the middle class , who invariably have to pick up the tab . But rather than help people , Washington 's defenders attack us for pointing this out . We 're fighting to create a better future -- but Washington is too busy holding America back . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Tim Phillips responds to op-ed attacks from Brad Woodhouse of American Bridge 21st Century He calls the attacks nothing more than politics of personal destruction He points to Obamacare , energy policies and VA failings as proof Washington is broken Washington 's solution to every problem , he says , is to create a bureaucracy
CNN  -- Majora Carter , the founder and executive director of Sustainable South Bronx , is a passionate advocate of environmental justice . Her organization promotes green-collar jobs and sustainable development as a route out of poverty and to create stronger , healthier and greener communities . Majora Carter wants Manhattan to start handling its own waste rather than dumping it on the local communities CNN spoke to her about her inspiration , her work and her hopes for the future . CNN : Tell us about your background . I grew up here , back in the days when the South Bronx was considered the poster child for urban blight . A lot has been happening that 's good since then , but growing up here was very difficult . It was the worst place in the country to live . CNN : How and why did you come back ? I was a cinema studies and creative major at university and I came home because I needed a cheap place to continue my graduate degree . When I got here , I realized just how much poor communities and poor communities of color were really being discriminated against by placing lots of noxious waste facilities and other kinds of polluting infrastructure here , and I just wanted to get more involved . CNN : What drove you to stay ? When I came back , I realized that I could be a part of the solution and not pretend that it did n't exist and go to live my life somewhere else . I realized that I owed it to myself and also to my community to be a part of its future in a way that is more helpful . CNN : What is Sustainable South Bronx 's mission ? Sustainable South Bronx advocates for environmental justice through sustainable environmental and economic development projects . CNN : How has Sustainable South Bronx evolved over the last seven years ? Sustainable South Bronx has gone from being an army of one , me , to about 12 staff all working on policy and projects that are going to improve the quality of life , economically and environmentally , for folks in the community . CNN : What are the biggest challenges you face ? The biggest challenge is helping Manhattan understand that they are technically an island , but they are not an island . Right now , Manhattan does n't handle any of its own waste or its power generation or anything of that nature . It exists in all its glory because of communities such as the South Bronx , so  we need to help  them to understand that when we hurt , they are going to hurt too . We are trying to alleviate poverty by creating green collar jobs and industries to promote them . We want to create opportunities that employ people so they can become an active part of the fabric of the city 's life . We are trying to put all those things together so that this great shining jewel to our south , Manhattan , understands that we are actually part of the equation of making a more sustainable city . CNN : Could you tell me some of the problems that South Bronx faces in terms of dealing with industrial waste ? The South Bronx handles about 40 percent of the city 's commercial waste . We have a sewage treatment plant , a sewage sludge palletizing plant , four power plants and the diesel emissions from about 60,000 diesel truck trips each and every week . Those are not nice places to be around . They have a pretty severe private health crisis associated with them . On average , 25 percent of our kids have asthma . Our child asthma hospitalization rate is between four and seven times the national average . We 've got a child obesity rate that is six times higher than the rest of the city , and of course obesity and diabetes go hand in hand . CNN : Where do you see Sustainable South Bronx in ten years ? In ten years I hope that Sustainable South Bronx has worked itself out of a job because our work to help create the South Bronx as a hope for green businesses , for clean businesses , has taken off so much ; that our 25 percent unemployment rate is in the past ; that our asthma rates have plummeted because there is so much green space along the new Greenway that has been built here ; that there are so many people bike riding and the diabetes rate is gone ; and that Nobel Prize Laureates are being born . CNN : Is that realistic ? Absolutely . In 10 years , if we play our cards right and make the right partnerships , whether that 's with the city or with businesses , absolutely . I do n't think it would take much for that to happen . When my parents moved here 60 years ago , this place was a working class community and it was thriving . We can be thriving again . There was a different kind of manufacturing then , but it was manufacturing and the jobs were right here in this country . People were able to make livings out of it and the gap between rich and poor was smaller . I think we need to decide as a society , as a country , that it 's not ok that people are as poor as they are right now . We 've got to decide that we want to live in a world that is sane and happy and healthy , and that everyone deserves that . CNN : What is the future of urban communities ? So much of the world is going to be living in cities in the next 10 to 15 years . We have got to understand the designing of them , where people are in close proximity to each other but in a way that provides health and well-being to everybody . The density allows for safety , allows for people to get to know each other , the density allows people to walk and bike and get healthier as a result . That could be the kind of city that people will want to live in . Those are the kind of cities we need to re-imagine so that we are building them for people and not just for cars . What is your personal vision of how you can help to achieve that ? My real dream is that everybody will see their self-interest tied up with someone else , whether or not they see them , and see that as an opportunity for growing closer together as a culture and as a world . Just because you have a piece of trash and you throw it away and it gets hauled away , it does n't mean that it 's not affecting someone else . If we had bothered to recognize how close our worlds are , it would be harder for people to dismiss places like the South Bronx .	Carter is founder of Sustainable South Bronx , advocating environmental justice The South Bronx handles about 40 percent of the Manhattan 's commercial waste Carter wants the South Bronx to one day be a thriving community again
Statins did not help protect against Alzheimer 's disease in a study released in 2008 . Cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins are often hailed as "  wonder drugs . " But a study published in the January 2008 issue of the journal Neurology says they do n't protect the brain against Alzheimer 's disease . What is Alzheimer 's ? Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent : Alzheimer 's disease is a progressive , neurodegenerative disease characterized in the brain by abnormal clumps  amyloid plaques  and tangled bundles of fibers  neurofibrillary tangles  made up of misplaced proteins . These plaques and tangles destroy cognition , personality and the ability to function . Sometimes forgetfulness and loss of concentration are confused with normal aging , the single biggest risk factor for Alzheimer 's disease . But an autopsy is always going to give you a definitive measure of the disease . How was the study done ? Gupta : Fairly large observational study looked at some 900 members of the clergy -- priests and nuns . Some were taking statins , some not . Not only did patients undergo cognitive tests for 12 years , but they also agreed to a brain autopsy when they died . The conclusion here , supported by these autopsies , is that statins did not help protect against Alzheimer 's disease , a finding somewhat contrary to the prevailing wisdom in this area of Alzheimer 's research . We spoke to the head of Alzheimer 's research at Mayo Clinic . He said that first , this is a population of nuns and priests -- would it be different in folks who take statins but also smoke and drink ? Maybe . He also said , when you get right down to it , the numbers of folks in the study that both took statins and had autopsies is pretty small . Still , he said he knows these researchers well and they are good , just not the last word . And of course , there 's the compelling question : Why would statins affect Alzheimer 's disease ? There are a few schools of thought about the mechanism : Some think statins cross the blood-brain barrier , decreasing cholesterol levels and amyloid levels . Others think they work by lowering overall inflammation in the body . What about other benefits of statins ? Does this undermine their "  wonder drug " status ? While this study clearly questions the neuroprotective effects against dementia and Alzheimer 's disease , scientists believe they are just beginning to uncover potential new benefits of statins . The most immediately promising benefit of statins appears to be their anti-inflammatory properties , which help stabilize the lining of blood vessels . This has potentially far-reaching effects , from the brain and heart to blood vessels and organs throughout the body . Other benefits of statins may include prevention of arthritis and bone fractures , prevention of colon cancer and protection of the kidneys . But we should note , while tolerated well by most people , they do have side effects , including two potentially serious ones :  Liver damage : Occasionally , statin use causes an increase in liver enzymes and may cause liver damage .  Muscle problems : Statins may cause muscle pain and tenderness  statin myopathy  . Also , there are some gastrointestinal issues , including nausea , diarrhea and constipation . Are there ways other than statins to lower cholesterol ? The simple B vitamin niacin raises good cholesterol , but there 's an interesting side effect : Some forms of niacin , especially in high doses -- 1,000 milligrams or more -- do cause temporary flushing of the skin . While annoying , flushing is not harmful . Aspirin can counteract this flushing effect . Versions of niacin with reduced flushing effects also are available by prescription . Also , studies have shown exercise in general , especially in overweight people , can improve HDL levels . There is some evidence that strength-training exercises that build muscle mass can also improve HDL . Of course , diet . Saturated fats are one of the biggest contributors to cholesterol in the body . A diet high in saturated fat raises bad cholesterol and lowers good cholesterol -- so knock that off !	Bottom Line : Experts at the Mayo Clinic say this study is not the last word on the subject .
CNN  -- Her adopted brood included a Russian immigrant who had lost an eye to cancer and a family whose father was killed by a suicide bomber on a bus . Clara Chaya Hammer , a Jerusalem great , great-grandmother who endeared herself to thousands by making sure the city 's needy received a proper meal on the Jewish Sabbath , died in March just shy of her 100th birthday . Known around the world as "  The Chicken Lady of Jerusalem , " Hammer spearheaded a fund that provided free chicken to her charges every week -- or a substitute , if they happened to be vegetarian . She once quipped , "  Just because they 're vegetarian , I do n't have to punish them . " One of Hammer 's daughters and great-granddaughters will carry on "  The Chicken Lady 's " legacy . "  We decided in the family we have to continue what she started 30 years ago , " said daughter Chana Homnick in Jerusalem . "  We 're continuing the Clara Hammer Chicken Fund to feed over 250 families . " The monthly butcher bill tallies about $ 10,000 . Hammer , a widow and retired Hebrew teacher , made it her job to give the neighborhood butcher plenty of business . It all began when she stood in line at the butcher shop to buy chicken for the Sabbath herself . She noticed a young girl in front of her receiving a plastic bag full of chicken fat and skin . Curious , she asked the butcher : "  How many cats or dogs does that family have ? " He explained the family had many children and the father was on dialysis . They had run up a tremendous bill , so the butcher just gave them fat and skins for a soup for Friday dinner and a cholent , or stew , for Saturday lunch . Hammer declared : "  You give them every week two chickens and a half kilo of turkey , and I will pay for it . " Soon the butcher , rabbis , social workers and friends began telling her of other families who needed help , and the fund grew . At first , Hammer 's family helped her foot the bill . Then the cause took wing , with donors from around the world sending money . All received a handwritten thank-you card from Hammer and a copy of an article about the effort . For nearly 30 years , Hammer single-handedly ran the operation from her dining-room table . She would have been 100 on May 19 . Born in Russia in 1910 , she survived a pogrom in the Ukraine and fled with her family to Romania . Enduring hunger , illness and imprisonment , they made their way to Palestine and lived in a tent for three years . With no hospital care available , they were advised to leave for the United States . Her mother , who had contracted tuberculosis , died two years later , when Hammer was 14 . Decades later in Israel , Hammer reflected : "  I have a tremendous amount of sympathy , what we would call ` rahmanut , ' for people who are hungry , thirsty , in pain , have any type of needs . " Among her many awards were an honorary "  doctorate in kindness " from Yeshiva University at age 98 and the Jerusalem Prize for Good Citizenship at age 90 . "  My mother did so many wonderful things for so many people . Instead of being called ` The Chicken Lady , ' she should be called ` The Mitzvah Lady . ' The main thing is she wanted everyone to feel good . She was very special , " said Homnick , one of Hammer 's three daughters . Other survivors include nine grandchildren , 35 great-grandchildren and 24 great , great-grandchildren . Ralph Resnick , a nephew in Los Angeles , California , remembers Hammer as a larger-than-life personality . "  I think the ripples of her mitzvah , of her good deed , have emanated far and wide . It 's a wonderful lesson of how something like that can start and influence so many people -- and not just the people she helped . It 's almost like ` Pay It Forward . ' It really happens in real life too . "  I wish she had lived to 100 . "	As a child , Clara Chaya Hammer endured hunger and imprisonment As an adult , "  Chicken Lady of Jerusalem " provided Sabbath meals to thousands in need Family will continue charity work Hammer single-handedly started 30 years ago
CNN  -- Russian authorities detained 140 people -- more than 30 of them foreign nationals -- on Friday in a raid targeting suspected members of Islamic extremist groups , state media reported . The operation was conducted at a place of worship in Dar Ul-Arkam in southern Moscow , state-run RIA Novosti reported , citing information from law enforcement agencies . Members of Russia 's Federal Security Service , or FSB , carried out the raid along with police . Russia Today , a state-funded television network , said the FSB issued a statement about the raid . This site has been visited in the past by suspected radicals -- some from the North Caucasus region , which includes Chechnya -- the RIA Novosti report said .	State news : The operation targeted suspected members of Islamic extremist groups More than 30 of those detained are foreign nationals
CNN  -- A three-story museum and sanctuary dedicated to Islam near the World Trade Center site in New York is the latest plan from a developer who failed to build his "  ground zero " mosque amid local and national opposition more than three years ago . Rather than the 15-story , $ 100 million mosque and community center that raised such ire , developer Sharif El-Gamal now plans a smaller , three-story museum and sanctuary at 45-51 Park Place , to be designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Jean Nouvel . "  New York 's arts and cultural institutions have always been a great inspiration to me and I consider this opportunity to create a museum to be a true privilege , " El-Gamal said in a statement released April 30 through his publicist , Hank Sheinkopf . "  Commissioning an architect of Jean Nouvel 's talent is a dream come true . " In 2010 , El-Gamal faced opposition to his mosque proposal from some families of September 11 victims , anti-Islamic activists and others who thought the mosque was to close to the World Trade Center site . President Barack Obama said he supported the right of Muslims to build a house of worship on private property , adding that his support was not a comment on the "  wisdom " of such a decision . U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and former Speaker of the House of Representatives and "  CNN Crossfire " co-host Newt Gingrich joined the debate , coming out against the site 's location . El-Gamal tells CNN why he wanted to build the mosque Although he did n't lay out a budget or timeline for construction , El-Gamal 's application to demolish the existing buildings at 45 Park Place and 51 Park Place were approved April 7 , a New York City Department of Buildings spokesman confirmed . But the developer has n't filed the necessary paperwork for permits to start demolition , the spokesman said . El-Gamal 's news release did n't offer many specifics about what the museum will showcase , although "  it will likely display rotating exhibitions of art and host academic and cultural events . " It 's not clear how much more opposition he might face three years later , but El-Gamal has already taken at least one step to better negotiate the rough-and-tumble debate around New York development : He 's hired veteran New York publicist Sheinkopf to manage his communications .	Developer Sharif El-Gamal plans to build a museum near ground zero El-Gamal previously planned a 15-story , $ 100 million mosque near the site The new plan calls for a three-story museum designed by architect Jean Nouvel
CNN  -- Spain became only the second team to reach three successive major tournament finals after winning a nail-biting penalty shootout against Portugal following a tense goalless draw in Donetsk on Wednesday . The 2010 World Cup and 2008 European champions followed West Germany into the history books as Cesc Fabregas fired the decisive penalty in off a post after Bruno Alves had hit the bar for Portugal . Bizarrely , Portugal 's key man Cristiano Ronaldo never even got to take a spot kick as he was saved for Portugal 's final penalty , a tactic that backfired horribly . In a game of few chances , Portugal worked hard to edge much of it but their pressing tactics started to backfire in extra-time as tiredness increasingly became a factor . Spain 's patience looked to have paid off as they dominated extra-time against an increasingly desperate Portuguese side , but Paulo Bento 's side performed heroics to hold on and force a shootout . Goalkeeper Rui Patricio was the central figure , saving spectacularly from Andres Inesta and Jesus Navas in extra time , then brilliantly pushing away Xabi Alonso 's penalty as the shootout got under way . But Iker Casillas matched that stop by saving Joao Moutinho 's spot-kick and Iniesta , Gerard Pique and Sergio Ramos , with a nerveless chip , all scored in a dramatic shootout . There was little sign of the drama to come early on as Portugal 's tactics stifled the champions . Spain came into this Iberian clash as warm favorites , but it was Portugal who looked sharper in the first half . Bento 's side hassled and harried from the start and generally looked the hungrier team but Spain , to their credit , remained patient and chances inevitably came their way , fullback Alvaro Arbeloa sidefooting over from the edge of the penalty area . With so much creative talent on the pitch it was remarkable that so few chances were created , but perhaps inevitably it was Ronaldo who had the bulk of them . The Real Madrid striker dipped a trademark free-kick narrowly over the bar as Portugal inched closer and seven minutes from time his effort from similar range was handled in the wall by Arbeloa , only for Ronaldo to fire over again from 10 yards closer in . When Spain were given the chance to threaten from a set-piece in injury-time , it looked as though the holders might have the final word . Instead , it was Portugal who threatened as Alonso 's free-kick was cleared and played out by Nani to give Raul Meireles the chance to lead a counterattack . His final pass to Ronaldo was slack , though , and Ronaldo 's golden chance of sealing a dramatic win instead saw him lash his shot into the stands . Incredibly , it was Ronaldo 's 70th shot from outside the penalty area in major tournaments -- and none of them have resulted in a goal . It was a chance to kill off the previously lackluster Spanish and the timing would have been perfect . Instead , as extra-time progressed , Portugal 's earlier pressing caught up with them as Spain 's patience started to pay dividends . Jordi Alba pushed further forward and it was his excellent wing play that led to Iniesta being presented with a sidefoot chance from six yards out . Somehow , though , Patricio threw out an arm and diverted the goalbound effort around his post . It was a heroic piece of goalkeeping and Patricio also brilliantly kept out Navas in extra time , then Alonso from the spot before Portugal 's resistance finally cracked -- with Ronaldo a frustrated spectator .	Spain become only second team to reach three successive major tournament finals Cesc Fabregas scores winning spot-kick as Spain beat Portugal 4-2 on penalties Portugal striker Cristiano Ronaldo not involved in crucial shootout Spain face Germany or Italy in Sunday 's Euro 2012 final
MentalFloss.com  -- On Memorial Day , we thought it might be a good time to take a look at some of the rules for respectfully displaying the American flag , as dictated by the United States Flag Code . When did these flag rules fall into place ? Surprisingly late in American history . On Flag Day in 1923 , a group of organizations headed by the American Legion outlined the National Flag Code as a set of advisory rules for displaying the flag . These rules became law during World War II and form the bulk of what 's now the United States Flag Code . These rules cover all manner of extremely specific situations , but they 're all governed by the same basic principle : the flag is one of the most visible and important symbols of our country , so we should treat it with respect . Are you really supposed to lower the flag at sunset ? You do n't have to . While the flag code notes that displaying the flag only from sunrise to sunset is "  universal custom , " it makes an exception . "  However , when a patriotic effect is desired , the flag may be displayed 24 hours a day if properly illuminated during the hours of darkness . " When should the flag be displayed ? Section 6 of the flag code states , "  The flag should be displayed on all days . " However , the code goes on to say that the flag should especially  emphasis added  be displayed on the following days : New Year 's Day , Inauguration Day , Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day , Lincoln 's birthday , Washington 's birthday , Easter , Mother 's Day , Armed Forces Day , Memorial Day , Flag Day , Father 's Day , Independence Day , National Korean War Veterans Armistice Day , Labor Day , Constitution Day , Columbus Day , Navy Day , Veterans Day , Thanksgiving , Christmas , state holidays , states ' dates of admission , and "  such other days as may be proclaimed by the President of the United States . " Where should the flag be displayed ? Section 6 of the flag code covers this question , too . The flag should be displayed in or near every schoolhouse on school days , on or near the main administration building of every public institution each day , and in or near every polling place on election days . Why does n't , say , the Dream Team take the courts in American-flag jerseys at the Olympics ? The flag code thought of that one , too . Section 8 of the code covers "  Respect for the Flag , " and it explicitly states , "  No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform . However , a flag patch may be affixed to the uniform of military personnel , firemen , policemen , and members of patriotic organizations . " Mental Floss : Why do we sing the National Anthem at sporting events ? Any other restrictions on wearing the flag ? Section 8 also states , "  The flag should never be used as wearing apparel , bedding , or drapery . " What about those American flag lapel pins that so many folks wear ? The flag code thought of that one , too . Section 8 rather elegantly states , "  The flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing . Therefore , the lapel flag pin being a replica , should be worn on the left lapel near the heart . " Is it true you have to retire and burn a flag that touches the ground ? No , that 's a myth . The flag code is quite a bit more realistic about this situation . While the code states , "  The flag should never touch anything beneath it , such as the ground , the floor , water , or merchandise , " there 's no rule saying that a flag that slips has to immediately be burned . Instead , the code stipulates , "  The flag , when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem for display , should be destroyed in a dignified way , preferably by burning . " Unless hitting the ground once renders the flag unfit for display , there 's no need to burn it . When is it acceptable to fly the flag upside down ? The flag code allows for flying the flag with the union  the blue field of stars  down only "  as a signal of dire distress in instances of extreme danger to life or property . " We know that the American flag is supposed to be displayed in a position of prominence over other flags on American soil . Are there any exceptions to this rule ? Section 7 of the flag code provides one major exception : the flag of the United Nations can be flown in the position of honor or prominence at the U.N. headquarters in New York . The only other exception involves church services performed by naval chaplains while at sea . In these instances , the church 's flag may fly above the American flag during the service . Mental Floss : Videos : Dogs welcoming home soldiers What 's the penalty for breaking the flag code ? There is n't one . The flag code is an odd duck in this regard . As part of the United States Code , the flag code is technically federal law . However , the code does n't outline any measures for enforcement or punishment . Basically , the flag code is a set of advisory rules for Americans who want to know the proper and respectful way to display their flag . Even if the flag code did provide measures for its enforcement , it 's not clear that the measures would be constitutional . Individual states used to have their own prohibitions on and penalties for desecrating the flag , but the 1989 Supreme Court decision Texas v. Johnson invalidated these laws as infringements on free speech . Congress responded by passing the Flag Protection Act , which made flag desecration a federal crime . The Supreme Court struck down this law in the 1990 case United States v. Eichman . Can anyone stop me from displaying the flag ? In 2006 the Freedom to Display the American Flag Act of 2005 officially became law . This law basically says that no condo board , housing co-op , or residential real estate management group can restrict a person 's right to display the American flag on their own residential property as long as the display jibes with federal law and is reasonable . What days is the flag always flown at half-staff ? The flag always flies on half-staff on Patriot Day  September 11 of each year  , Peace Officers Memorial Day  May 15  , and Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day  December 7  . On Memorial Day , the flag flies at half-staff until noon , at which point it is raised to the top of the staff . What if I ca n't fly my flag at half-staff ? Some flags , like the ones commonly seen in school classrooms or on houses , are fixed in a certain position on their poles . How does one handle the sticky situation of a flag that physically ca n't be flown at half-staff ? The United States Code does n't cover this conundrum , but the American Legion advocates adding a black ribbon to the top of the flag 's pole to indicate mourning . Mental Floss : Why is the flag flown at half-staff in times of mourning ? What about adding new stars for new states ? Should we ever pick up a 51st state , Section 2 of the flag code stipulates that the state will get a new star on the flag . It wo n't be an overnight process , though . The new star will make its debut on the first Fourth of July following the state 's formal admission into the union . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The flag is one of our country 's most important symbols , so we should treat it with respect 1923 : the National Flag Code created advisory rules for displaying the flag The rules are just that : advisory . There is no penalty for breaking the flag code
CNN  -- The seizure of Crimea has boosted the domestic popularity of Russian President Vladimir Putin to an unprecedented 82 % . In the long run , however , the invasion could be the death knell of the Putin regime . Starting a war to solve a domestic problem is now a Russian tradition . The first and second Chechen wars had political motives . Both were intended to distract attention from the consequences of privatization , and the second brought Putin to power . The 2008 invasion of Georgia sharply increased the popularity of Dmitry Medvedev , who was filling in as president for Putin . The earlier acts of aggression , however , did not evoke a strong international response . This time , Russia faces full-scale war if it invades eastern Ukraine and , at the very least , sanctions if it does not withdraw from Crimea . It is ill-equipped to handle either of these challenges . Putin has used rhetoric reminiscent of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s , insisting in his speech on March 18 that "  Russia was not simply robbed , it was plundered " and denouncing "  national traitors . " The regime he heads , however , is tied to the West inextricably . Russia 's wealthy , who are dependent on connections to the regime , keep their money , families and assets abroad . They avoid Russian taxes with the help of businesses registered in offshore zones and acquire foreign passports and buy private planes in part so that they can leave Russia quickly and discreetly if that becomes necessary . One foreign lawyer in Moscow with experience of the elite told me , "  Their lack of patriotism is astounding . " Russia 's businessmen depend on the West because the lawlessness inside Russia allows for assets to be seized by anyone who has political power . Large companies can be seized by state enterprises and small and medium-sized companies by persons connected to the security services . Businessmen make far more money than they could in a comparable situation in the West because most significant Russian businesses are protected monopolies . The ability to dispense with competition , however , is the result of political patronage that can be affected by the slightest change in the balance of power . Under these circumstances , Russia 's businessmen do not keep capital in Russia and panic at the slightest threat . Western sanctions against Russian were relatively tepid , but for the Russian elite , the precedent was unnerving . Capital flight , which had been running at about $ 8 billion a month , is now expected to amount to $ 70 billion for the first quarter . The conditions in Russia also undermine the ties to their country of persons who are not rich . According to a poll by the Levada Center in 2013 , nearly half of all Russian students said that they wanted to emigrate . "  Everyone feels slightly handicapped , " said Yelena Panfilov , the head of Transparency International . "  You can not do what you want , invest where you want , say what you want . A journalist can not write what he wants . Everywhere , there is the need for political protection and the necessity of being subject to control . The more capable a person , the more he chafes under the restrictions . " So far , Russians have not paid a price for their government 's acts of aggression . The fall in the value of the ruble and the reduction in the real income of the population began this year independent of the events in Crimea . But these tendencies are now set to continue and accelerate . This is a potential threat to Putin 's political base . Since the beginning of the year , the cost of food products in Russia has risen by 25 % . The impending economic crisis will be explained to the Russian population as the result of foreign sabotage . The propaganda in the official press that equates the Ukrainians with Nazis and treats the West as aggressors has been accompanied by the blocking of the critical websites grani.ru , yezhednevny zhurnal.ru and kasparov.ru and actions against the radio station Ekho Moskvy and the Internet television station TV Rain . Putin will seek to unite the country around him and in opposition to the outside world , as was done in the Soviet Union during the 1930s . Russia today , however , is nowhere near as isolated as the totalitarian Soviet Union , and Russians have much less to believe in . The educated part of the population will not be impressed by the increasingly grotesque distortions of official propaganda . At the same time , average citizens , witnessing the fall in their living standard and the likely increase in the corrupt machinations of those with connections to power , may finally realize that the anti-criminal revolution in Ukraine has relevance for their future , too . ` The hordes are coming ' : Ukrainians fear Russian invasion in northeast White House : Putin , Obama discuss possible ` diplomatic solution ' in Ukraine Does Obama really understand Putin ?	President Vladimir Putin 's domestic popularity has been boosted , writes David Satter Starting a war to solve a domestic problem is now a Russian tradition , he says Satter : Russia 's businessmen depend on the West because of lawlessness in Russia The impending economic crisis is a potential threat to Putin 's political base , he writes
CNN  -- What has the popular Pope Francis done now ? A woman in Argentina says the pope called her Monday and told her she could receive Communion , despite being married to a divorced man , reports say . According to the woman and her husband , the pope allegedly said , "  There are some priests who are more papist than the pope " -- referring to the parish priest who refused to give Communion to the woman . The Vatican initially refused to comment , but CNN received confirmation of the phone call from a Vatican press office spokesman on Wednesday . On Thursday , the Vatican released a statement responding to the media attention saying the content of the pope 's personal phone calls "  can not be confirmed as reliable , and is a source of misunderstanding and confusion . " The defensiveness of the pope 's PR handlers hints of a cleanup . It 's true that Pope Francis has earned the nickname the "  cold-calling pope " for his practice of picking up the phone and calling everyday folks  although there has been at least one hoax about a papal phone call  . The story did , however , start with a Facebook post and went from Argentina to Italy to England before being picked up by U.S. news agencies . That 's plenty of opportunity for misinterpretation . If the pope were to counsel a Catholic in this way , it would be significant . The Catholic Church officially teaches that marriage is for life and that couples who divorce are still married in the eyes of the church unless they receive an annulment -- a process that literally nullifies the first marriage .  Reports do not indicate whether the man 's first marriage was annulled , but it 's unlikely since the couple say they were married civilly .  The church 's position is based on Jesus ' teachings in the Bible equating marriage after divorce with adultery . Conservative Catholics , many of whom have been less than thrilled with the new pope during the first year of his papacy , are not happy with the latest news . One Catholic blogger insists the story must not be true . Of course , as the representative of the magisterium  or teaching authority  of the church , the pope is expected to toe the party line on church teaching -- especially in public . And he should have the media savvy to know that private conversations often go viral . On the other hand , more liberal Catholics are hopeful , given speculation that pastoral practices toward divorced and remarried Catholics may change after a worldwide meeting of bishops in October . German bishops , especially Cardinal Walter Kasper , have long lobbied for relaxing the rules that bar Catholics in so-called "  irregular " marriages from the sacraments . In the United States , the rule -- much like the one against artificial birth control -- is routinely ignored by most Catholics . Despite all the brouhaha , this phone conversation was actually a private one , between "  Father Bergoglio " -- as the pope allegedly identified himself -- and the woman . He also would n't be the first Catholic priest to privately tell a divorced person to go ahead and receive Communion . Even if he is the pope , such a private conversation does not automatically change centuries of church teaching , as the most recent Vatican statement points out . Yet it 's true that the pope has also publicly called for more pastoral sensitivity and inclusiveness not only toward the divorced and remarried , but also toward gay and lesbian Catholics , single parents and others . There 's a reason his new book is called "  The Church of Mercy . " It 's too early to tell if this is the pope 's way of asserting his position on a possible change in pastoral practice or even church teaching . Still , it could be a lot more significant than his more symbolic gestures , such as eschewing red shoes and letting kids ride in the popemobile . Since it 's the Easter season , I 'll remain hopeful .	Reports that Pope Francis told woman married to divorced man that taking Communion OK Heidi Schlumpf : Vatican backing away , but if true , pope may signal softening on divorce rule Some prelates have lobbied to relax rules barring divorced from sacraments Schlumpf : Private conversation with Pope does n't automatically change church teaching
CNN  -- Phil Collins , the man behind 1980s albums such as "  No Jacket Required , " has announced his retirement from music , but no straitjacket required , he says . In a statement on his website , the 60-year-old dad said he is retiring to devote more time to his family and be a full-time father to his two young sons . His statement was a bid to clarify recent media speculation , which he said painted him as battling health issues and feeling like an outsider in the music industry . The articles painted "  a picture of me that is more than a little distorted , " he said on his website . "  None of this is true . Thanks ... But there 's no need for the straitjacket ! " The actor , pop star and former Genesis drummer said he was surprised by the articles because he had not talked to the media for months . Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years in the music business . "  I 'm not stopping because of dodgy reviews or bad treatment in the press , " he said . "  I 'm not stopping because I do n't feel loved ; I know I still have a very large fan base that loves what I do . Thank you . " He cited an example of his album released last year , which topped the U.K. charts . "  I 'm not stopping because I do n't fit in , this was proved with "  Going Back " ... doing incredibly well worldwide . I 'm not stopping so I can dive full time into my interest for the Alamo . " That last reference is aimed at comments he has reportedly made claiming to see spirits in modern photos from the fort , and to have spoken with a psychic who told him he was reincarnated from a man who fought in the battle . But he does have a huge collection of memorabilia from the battle stashed at his Switzerland home . "  Some of the things mentioned above have been said by me in various interviews , but said as asides with a smile on my face and in passing . They were not meant to be headlines , they were small parts of a conversation , " he said . He said the reports have made him "  sound like a tormented weirdo who thinks he was at the Alamo in another life , who feels very sorry for himself , and is retiring hurt because of the bad press over the years . " None of that is true , he said . The British singer and drummer has also written songs for the Disney feature films "  Tarzan " and "  Brother Bear . "	He releases a statement to clarify recent media speculation over his career The 60-year-old dad says he is retiring to devote more time to his family Collins has sold more than 150 million records in his 40-plus years
Dar Es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- Starting a business is never easy , but in Tanzania , the obstacles for women can be particularly fierce . Few women hold land titles , and as a result , many do n't have the necessary collateral to secure funding from a bank . Dr. Victoria Kisyombe has set out to change that . She runs SELFINA , a micro-credit institution focused on female entrepreneurs . In addition to lending , SELFINA loans women equipment to start up their businesses . "  This is the era for Africa to move forward , and if Africa is moving forward , the women can move forward with it , " says Kisyombe . Since launching in 2002 , the company has financed more than 2,000 female-owned businesses and won a plethora of international awards , including the one from the World Economic Forum and Hillary-Clinton-backed Vital Voices . And to think , it all started with a cow . The story of Sero Like many of the women she helps , Kisyombe struggled to get financing when first starting out . "  I thought , okay , instead of chasing money through the banks , which I can not get , I started looking at what I had ... it was a cow , " she recalls . "  It was that ` a-ha moment . ' If a woman could have a cow like I had , she could have an asset that could generate income , then we could go around the problem of not being able to access financing . " Kisyombe sold milk from her cow , Sero , in order to raise money to start her business . Ultimately , the cow even named the enterprise  SELIFINA stands for Sero Lease and Finance  . Empowering women When women become business owners , they become pillars in their communities . Betty Materimu is one such woman . SELFINA leased her sewing machines , and Materimu used them to launch her own dressmaking enterprise . "  She has created a number of jobs for fellow Tanzanians , " says Kisyombe . "  Women and men alike . " By offering loans to women in a range of industries , SELFINA is effecting change throughout Tanzania , though Kisyombe envisions the women she supports will have a global impact . Many of her charges have started exporting their products across the border . Take Chiku Shumari , a local farmer who , among other things , has started growing cashew nuts for export . Shumari is also hoping to develop a fish pond where she can farm tilapia for the local market in Dar Es Salaam . "  These steps  may look small , but actually the impact is huge , " says Kisyombe . Ultimately , she sees SELFINA encouraging women in a broader context than business . "  Some of our women now are even qualifying for political positions , " she notes . Starting young The key to empowerment , Kisyombe believes , is education , and to that end , she raised money to build the Mukuza Girl 's Secondary School in Dar Es Salaam . The school has 129 students , and provides room and board so the girls can have their own space to study and learn . "  They are given an equal opportunity to become economically empowered , socially empowered and politically empowered , " she says . Video : Entrepreneur fights energy poverty	In Tanzania , women often do n't have collateral to secure loans Victoria Kisyombe started SELFINA , a micro-credit institution that finances female entrepreneurs Kisyombe 's cow , Sero , was the inspiration for her business
CNN  -- "  MythBusters " is looking to the future -- and leaving some of its regulars behind . On Thursday night 's episode of the Discovery Channel show , longtime hosts Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage announced that the members of the Build Team , also known as M7 -- Grant Imahara , Kari Byron and Tory Belleci -- were leaving the show . Moreover , as Byron revealed in a tweet afterwards , the show was "  taking a new direction . " Byron and Belleci had been with "  MythBusters " since 2004 . Imahara joined in 2005 . "  It is ... the end of an era , " Savage said in a video message . "  This next season we 're going back to our origins with just Adam and me , " said Hyneman . "  It has been a total pleasure , not only to work with you , but to call you our friends , " said Savage . The trio thanked the show for the experience . "  It 's been an amazing ride for 10 years ! We could n't have done it without you guys . You 're the best fans anyone could wish for . Thank you , " tweeted Belleci . "  I am sad for an ending but there will be exciting new adventures for us , " tweeted Byron . No reason was given for the change . In a statement , Discovery Channel said , "  Everyone at Discovery wants to thank them for their tireless work busting almost 1000 myths , and we wish them all the best on their future endeavors . " The show has been on the air since 2003 .	M7 members saying goodbye to "  MythBusters " "  Next season we 're going back to our origins , " said host Jamie Hyneman Grant Imahara , Kari Byron and Tory Belleci tweeted thanks
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live lawyers changed their mind about calling Katherine Jackson as their last witness in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial . Instead , lawyers for the concert promoter may play a portion of Prince Jackson 's video deposition before resting its defense case Wednesday . The five-month-long trial in Los Angeles is nearing an end , an closing arguments could be delivered on Monday . Testimony , which has been on hold for more than a week because of an illness in one juror 's family , resumes Wednesday . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending that the concert promoter was liable for the pop icon 's death because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live argues that Jackson chose and controlled Dr. Conrad Murray and that its executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving the star in his bedroom . Jackson died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , which Murray told investigators he used to treat the singer 's insomnia so he could rest for comeback concert rehearsals in the summer of 2009 . AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam announced in court last week that he intended to call Michael Jackson 's elderly mother to question her "  about the absurdity of the damages " she wants the jury to award if they decide the company is liable . Putnam informed the court and Jackson 's lawyers Monday that he had decided not to call her again . A Jackson lawyer argued that AEG Live 's "  intent is to show the lawsuit 's purpose is greed , " while the judge suggested that any mother could be expected to say "  there is no amount of money that would substitute for the loss of her son . " Putnam has frequently cited in interviews a "  statement of damages " letter sent to him by a Jackson lawyer last year capping possible damages at $ 40 billion , but the judge ruled that he could not refer to it in court because it was not a sworn filing in the case . Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle pointed out that the lawsuit complaint only says that damages would be "  according to proof at trial , " based on testimony by several expert witnesses who have testified . Jackson expert Arthur Erk -- a certified public accountant who has managed and audited the business affairs of many top artists -- testified that he was "  reasonably certain " that Jackson would have earned at least $ 1.5 billion from touring , endorsements and sponsorships had he not died from a propofol overdose preparing for his "  This Is It " tour . "  It is very difficult to assess the value of the King of Pop , " Jackson lawyer Deborah Chang told the judge Wednesday . "  How do you even do that ? " The non-economic damages suffered because of Michael Jackson 's death could be enormous considering "  what happened to Paris Jackson , " she said . Jackson 's 15-year-old daughter attempted suicide in June and remains in a treatment program . Jackson lawyers seemed to welcome the prospect of AEG Live calling their client as their final witness , considering how jurors reacted when she was on the stand in July . Jurors leaned forward and paid close attention during her two days of testimony as the last witness in their case . "  Why are you here ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked her . "  Because I want to know what really happened to my son , " she said . "  And that 's why I am here . " Panish asked Jackson how it made her feel to be asked probing and personal questions about her family by AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam . "  It makes me feel real bad , because my son was a very good person , " she said . "  He loved everybody . He gave to charity . He was in the Guinness Book of World Records for giving to charity . " If jurors decide that AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death , they could award damages based on the loss of the mother 's and children 's relationship with him and the amount of money he was unable to earn because his life was cut short . After AEG Live rests its case -- which lawyers indicated would happen Wednesday -- the Jackson lawyers would have a chance to call several rebuttal witnesses .	Instead of Katherine Jackson , AEG Live may play clips of Prince Jackson 's deposition AEG Live lawyer said he intended to question her "  about the absurdity of the damages " Closing arguments in the 5-month-long trial could be heard Monday Michael Jackson 's mom and kids are suing his last concert promoter for liability in his death
CNN  -- The World Health Organization raised the swine flu alert Thursday to its highest level , saying the H1N1 virus has spread to enough countries to be considered a global pandemic . Kindergarten students , some wearing masks , attend school in a residential estate in Hong Kong on Thursday . Increasing the alert to Phase 6 does not mean that the disease is deadlier or more dangerous than before , just that it has spread to more countries , the WHO said . "  This is an important and challenging day for all of us , " WHO Director General Margaret Chan said in a briefing with reporters . "  We are moving into the early days of the first flu pandemic of the 21st century . " The last previous pandemic occurred in 1968 . As of Thursday , the virus had spread to 74 countries , the health agency said . There were 28,774 confirmed cases and 144 deaths . The United States had 13,217 cases and 27 deaths , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said June 5 in its weekly update . Cases have been reported in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico . See where H1N1 flu cases are in the U.S. " The U.S. death toll is expected be higher when the CDC releases its latest figures Friday , said Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . New England -- particularly Massachusetts -- and the New York and New Jersey areas have been hit the hardest , Schuchat said Thursday at a CDC news conference . The Phase 6 pandemic designation had been widely expected for weeks . "  Further spread is considered inevitable , " Chan said at a news conference at WHO headquarters in Geneva , Switzerland . "  The scientific criteria for an influenza pandemic have been met . " The announcement came after a meeting of the WHO 's Emergency Committee , which has debated since April whether the spread of a novel H1N1 flu virus was fast and widespread enough to warrant a Phase 6 designation . Phase 6 , Chan said , is meant as a signal to countries to recalibrate their strategies to minimize the harm from swine flu . In countries where the virus and the response to it are already widespread , it is not likely to mean significant changes , but Chan urged countries that have not seen cases , or seen only limited cases , to get ready . "  The virus is not stoppable , " she said . "  I would advise them to maintain vigilance , enhance surveillance and be prepared for the arrival of the novel H1N1 in their country . " The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Homeland Security said those agencies have been acting for weeks as if Phase 6 were already in effect and no additional measures would be put into effect . The United States declared a public health emergency April 26 . "  WHO continues to recommend no restriction on travel and on border closures , " Chan said . Discussions about shifting to Phase 6 have been under way for weeks . Chan indicated that a major factor in the decision was surveillance from countries in the Southern Hemisphere , where flu season is under way . In Chile and Australia , two countries with many flu cases , she said H1N1 appears to be the dominant strain , "  crowding out " the seasonal influenza virus . Chan said she would recommend that vaccine manufacturers proceed with mass production of an inoculation against the new swine flu strain as soon as they finish production of seasonal vaccine , which she estimated would be complete in about two weeks . HHS spokesman Bill Hall said Thursday that no decision has been made on full-scale production because there is no need yet to make that decision . It is a step-by-step process that is moving forward . "  We 're doing as much as we can now , " he said . The agency awarded a contract several weeks ago to five manufacturers to develop an H1N1 antigen . The companies are producing pilot lots . Clinical testing will take place over the summer , Hall said . At the end of the summer , HHS will decide whether to go into production . "  There 's no specific date on the calendar , " Hall said . If officials decide to produce a vaccine , the first doses would be ready early in the fall . Hall noted that even full-scale production does n't mean there will be an immunization campaign . Federal officials may have a vaccine and decide not to use it , he said . Also Thursday , authorities in Hong Kong ordered the closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens and day care centers in the city after 12 students were found to be infected with the virus . Authorities have not determined the source of the infection , said Hong Kong 's Chief Executive Donald Tsang . This makes it the first cluster of swine flu cases in the city without a link to someone who had traveled overseas . The schools and day care centers were told to close for 14 days as investigators tried to identify the source of the infection , said Tsang , the chief executive . The health department will decide after two weeks whether to continue the shutdown . Also on Thursday , Israel 's health ministry announced that the number of people diagnosed with swine flu there was 68 . Health officials use the virus ' clinical name -- H1N1 -- to reflect that it 's actually a combination of several different types of flu and to reduce confusion about whether eating pork can spread the virus . It can not . CNN 's David S. Martin , Roya Shadravan in Hong Kong , and Michal Zippori in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	Further spread of swine flu inevitable , World Health Organization says WHO calls H1N1 a global pandemic , raises alert to highest level U.N. agency says that does n't mean disease is worse , but that it 's in more countries Hong Kong orders closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens , day care centers
CNN  -- As college seniors across the country prepare to graduate , from the excitement over spring and looming freedom rises the familiar worry : Will I get a job ? Will I get a job I actually want ? The answer to both , it seems , is a resounding , if utterly inconclusive , maybe . A few weeks back , the U.S. Labor Department announced that while the job market is getting better -- unemployment among 2013 graduates is at 10.9 % , down from 13 % for recent graduates in 2012 -- it 's still weaker than it was prerecession . What 's more , those who are working have increasingly settled for jobs outside their fields of study or for less pay than they 'd expected . Some 260,000 college graduates were stuck last year working at or below the federal minimum wage of $ 7.25 an hour , more than double the numbers of minimum wage-earning college grads in 2007 . A friend 's daughter graduating this week from UC Berkeley with dual honors degrees in sociology and math and four years of experience working in sexual assault advocacy on campus will be spending the summer working at her local Williams-Sonoma -- and readying grad school applications -- after a number of dead-end interviews with women 's rights groups . "  And I feel grateful , " she told me . There is good news , however . While many pregraduates still express feeling a certain pressure to make the "  right " decisions early on to make the most out of every moment working in such a competitive professional atmosphere , the truth is that the job you take tomorrow , next week or even next year does not have to set the tone for your professional career . At a recent talk I gave to a writing workshop that a friend teaches at an East Coast university , the students had one big concern : How to avoid being "  pigeonholed " if you 're forced to take a first job that 's less than your ideal . While the Bureau of Labor Statistics does not track lifetime careers -- and no one really knows where the old statistic that people average seven job changes over the course of a lifetime came from -- studies do show that job tenure has slowly but consistently been in decline over the past few decades . Job-hopping is now the new norm -- and while it 's especially so during a person 's early working years , it 's pretty common in general . Numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics show that most workers is the United States have been at their job for under a year , and that the average length of time anyone spends at any given job is 4.4 years . Stephanie , a friend of my daughter 's , graduated from her Ivy League school two years ago . She imagined a career in magazine publishing -- she really wanted to be a beauty editor -- but ended up in finance instead . The money is good , and the job is fine , but it 's not her passion . And so she has an end date in sight . "  I 'm going to put in one more year and ` save up ' for an unpaid internship in 2015 , " she told me . "  I do n't mind starting from the beginning , if it 's something I really want to do . " A 2013 poll by consulting firm Accenture proves how quickly career plans can change once graduates enter the "  real world . " In a study of 1,000 graduating seniors and 1,000 recent graduates , 18 % of pending 2013 graduates planned to get a graduate degree . By contrast , that number increased to 42 % among working graduates . Some 15 % of pregrads expected to earn less than $ 25,000 a year . The number of those who ended up with that salary or less ? 33 % . College graduates are getting the message that planning too far ahead is an exercise in futility and perhaps limiting in itself . A survey conducted last year by Future Workplace found that 91 % of millennials expect to stay in a job for less than three years  which could , in fact , add up to 15 to 20 jobs over the course of a lifetime  . And according to the Accenture poll , while 53 % of graduates found full-time jobs in their field of study , 34 % said they were willing to take the first job they were offered . The truth is that most college graduates do not start out in their desired field , and endless life decisions will influence the path a college graduate 's career takes over the next 40 or so years . A 2013 study conducted by McKinsey & Company found that 41 % of graduates from top universities -- the presumably best and brightest -- could not land jobs in their chosen field after graduation . In other words , it 's tough out there . The benefit to that , of course , is more time , even if forced , to explore a variety of areas of interest while feeling safe in the knowledge that there continue to be more job opportunities for those with a college education than for those without . Which is why the best thing graduating seniors can do as they approach the working world may be to keep an open mind and chill out a bit . And recognize that life -- personally and professionally -- demands a willingness to change . Because if there 's a constant in the ever-in-flux job economy , it 's that adaptability and flexibility are key to survival .	As college seniors across the U.S. graduate , they worry about finding a job Peggy Drexler : Most college graduates do not start out in their desired field She says it 's OK to take job that is not ideal for a while ; job-hopping is normal Drexler : If there 's a new constant , it 's that adaptability and flexibility are key to survival
CNN  -- How would you like to trim three hours off the current commercial jet flight time between Paris and Washington , D.C. ? Or two hours and 48 minutes off the flight between New York and Sao Paulo ? Or two and a half hours between Tokyo and Singapore ? With its Aerion AS2 supersonic business jet , the Nevada-based Aerion Corporation aims to do just that . Now it has a gigantic new partner to help it realize those ambitions : Airbus . The two companies announced this week that they 'll collaborate on technologies and "  capabilities in design , manufacturing and certification " to advance the development of the AS2 . "  This is a major step forward for Aerion , " said Aerion chairman and principal investor , Robert M. Bass in a statement . "  It puts us solidly on track toward our objective of certifying the world 's first supersonic business jet in 2021 . " "  This agreement accomplishes two major objectives , " said Aerion CEO Doug Nichols . "  It provides validation from the industry leader in aerospace innovation , and it decisively kicks the program into high gear . Each company will benefit . " Aerion was founded in 2002 with the intention of commercializing supersonic aviation technology . Expertise from Airbus ' Defence and Space Division Using its proprietary supersonic laminar flow technology , Aerion says the AS2 will fly at Mach 1.6  1,217 mph  . The Airbus group 's Defence and Space Division will provide technical and certification support to Aerion , with its engineers working with the company in Nevada . According to the U.S.-based aviation consulting firm Leeham Company , the aircraft 's engine partner has n't yet been announced . Aerion says the AS2 's newly designed wings reduce overall drag by 20 % , allowing for lower fuel consumption and longer range . Its 30-foot-long cabin is forecast to seat up to 12 passengers in business-style comfort . All seats can be berthed to sleep four on overnight flights . The projected price of the AS2 is more than $ 100 million . Aerion hopes to begin test flights by 2019 . Race to develop supersonic biz jets A handful of companies are developing private supersonic business jets . Boston-based Spike Aerospace 's S-512 Supersonic Jet is designed to fly at Mach 1.6 , while seating 12 to 18 passengers . The company says the plane will fly from London to New York in three hours and from Los Angeles to Tokyo in six hours . UK-based HyperMach is developing the SonicStar , a business jet it claims will be capable of reaching Mach 4  about 2,600 mph , or almost twice the speed of the Concorde  , and which it says will be able to make the flight from New York to Dubai "  in the time it takes to watch an inflight movie . " The company has said the plane could enter production in the 2020s . The world 's only supersonic passenger jet service ended in October 2003 when British Airways retired the Concorde from service . The Concorde had a cruising speed of 1,350 mph , more than twice the speed of sound . A typical London to New York flight took a little less than three and a half hours , as opposed to about eight hours for subsonic flights . Modern commercial long-haul jets typically cruise at speeds between 480 and 560 mph .	Nevada-based Aerion and Airbus announce collaboration on AS2 supersonic business jet Deal "  kicks the  supersonic  program into high gear , " says Aerion CEO AS2 will trim three hours off flight time from Paris to Washington A handful of companies are racing to develop private supersonic jets
CNN  -- As a former U.S. brigade commander of several thousand coalition forces during surge operations in Iraq , it is difficult to watch this country fall apart . When I came home in 2007 after 15 months in Diyala province , I answered questions about what we accomplished there by explaining that we sowed stability and the seeds of self-governance in an Arab country that holds significant strategic interest for the U.S. Now , as the U.S. commits to targeted airstrikes on top of the troops we sent last month to shore up the weakened country , I question everything . Were the losses my command suffered in the volatile Diyala province in 2006-07 worth it ? How is it possible that the Iraqi military , well-trained to take over security duties , has performed so poorly ? Seven years ago , I would have agreed with the decision to return to Iraq . Today , I feel different . We fought long and hard , spending over $ 25 billion to train and equip Iraqi security forces . We helped them develop a working government based on democratic principles . And while it might be wholly appropriate for the U.S. to provide humanitarian aid to those under siege , it 's the responsibility of the Iraqis to protect Iraq . As someone who helped train these forces , I know they have the capability to stand and fight . The training wheels have to come off . While it is frustrating and painful to watch militants take over a third of the country , we must focus on the here and now . The responsibility is to our soldiers who spent 13 years at war accomplishing what they were asked to do , often at a great cost . I fought to help my Iraqi friends and fellow soldiers establish a rule of law , and we achieved remarkable results . Civilian casualties fell from an estimated 29,380 in 2006 to 4,153 in 2011 . In Diyala province , we went from 1,500 violent acts a month to less than 250 . What is happening now should not detract from that success . But I came home to my family , my neighbors and my community . We can not let the chaos in Iraq increase the disconnect between a war-weary American public and those veterans working through their transition back home . The needs in Iraq evolved over time , and they did n't disappear when we left . This is also the case with the needs of our Iraq - and Afghanistan-era veterans and military families . I worry about the future of those who served in these wars five or 10 years down the road when the wars have receded from the minds of the American people . At a time when the need will be greatest , interest will diminish , and they may struggle in a peacetime status quo . We need to focus on this generation , which has spent more than a decade at war . The National Center for Veterans Analysis and Statistics projects the number of veterans from recent conflicts to jump by 26 % by 2016 . They want to contribute in the same way to their communities as they did in Iraq and Afghanistan . But even with thousands of organizations operating to help them , a 2012 report from the Center for a New American Security finds that veterans are not receiving the care and services they need to transition successfully . They must have a chance to thrive where they live . This means education to transition beyond battlefield knowledge to private-sector careers and meaningful employment that pulls in a family wage . Along with their families , they require options for wellness and services . Caring for them includes understanding : listening to their service stories and future ambitions . Adm. Mike Mullen , 17th chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said , "  If you listen closely to the voices of our veterans , you understand that yes , they all returned from war changed , but what never changed is this : They never forgot your generosity . They never forgot the power of opportunity . They never forgot the American dream . " As much as it pains me to see Iraq reverting to chaos , that does not mean that we should turn our focus there anew . We now have a stake in supporting the future in front of us : the evolving needs of the phenomenal , confident and self-assured men and women who served in and out of combat for these many years .	David Sutherland , U.S. brigade commander in Iraq , says it 's hard to watch country fall apart As U.S. begins airstrikes , he questions whether terrible losses from Iraq War are worth it He says U.S. spent $ 25 billion to train Iraq forces . It 's time to take off the training wheels Sutherland : We need to focus on our own veterans , who have many needs unmet
Boston  CNN  It was 9:35 on a slow Thursday night in April 2013 and Massachusetts Institute of Technology Police Chief John DiFava was about to call it quits . On his way out , he saw one of his rookie swing-shift officers , Sean Collier , sitting in his cruiser . He stopped to say goodnight . "  I chatted with him for a few minutes . I told him to be safe and I left , " the chief told a crowded courtroom on Wednesday . He estimated the conversation lasted three , maybe four minutes . "  Did you ever see Sean Collier alive again after that ? " Assistant U.S. Attorney William Weinreb asked . "  I did not . " Less than an hour later , Collier lay bleeding in his patrol car after being ambushed and shot in the head . His car door was open , and his foot was lodged between the gas and brake pedals . DiFava and other officers , assisted by surveillance videos , 911 callers and a lone bicyclist who happened to be passing by , recounted Collier 's last moments in the death penalty trial of admitted Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . The bicyclist , MIT mathematics Ph.D. candidate Nathan Harman , pointed to Tsarnaev in court and identified him as the man with "  a big nose , " who he saw leaning into Collier 's squad car . He said Tsarnaev appeared to be alone . Tsarnaev , who was 19 at the time , does not dispute that he was present when Collier was killed on the evening of April 18 , nor does he deny that he participated in the bombings three days earlier that killed three people and hurt more than 240 others . Prosecutors say Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , killed Collier because they wanted his gun . But their efforts to take it were thwarted by a safety holster . The FBI had released photos of the pair five hours earlier , and they were on the run . But Tamerlan , 26 , would not survive the night . He was killed in a chase and gunbattle with police that began with reports of an "  officer down " at MIT . The MIT police , who are designated as special officers by the Massachusetts State Police , patrol the sprawling campus in Cambridge . Collier 's beat was the area of North Quad near Main and Vassar streets . He had been handling a routine call about a citizen who was upset his car had been towed . A young man called 911 about 10:20 p.m. and reported hearing loud noises outside his window . "  They do n't sound exactly like gunshots , " the caller told dispatcher David Sacco . He was n't sure what they were . Maybe somebody banging on trash cans . Sacco tried to summon Collier on his police radio . No response . He sent an emergency alert . Nothing . He tried texting him . Still no response . "  It became an amount of time that was n't comfortable , " he said . Sgt. Clarence Henniger had returned to the station at the end of his shift , and had just passed Collier on the way in . He saw nothing out of the ordinary . But when he heard dispatch could n't raise Collier , he went back out to check on him . His car was in the same spot . "  I parked about 8-10 meters away from Officer Collier 's car , " Henniger said . "  When I arrived at the cruiser I looked inside and that 's when I observed a wound to the head , to the temple . I observed a wound to the neck and I observed a wound to his hand . " Prosecutor Weinreb asked : "  Was there blood ? " "  Yes sir , " the witness responded . "  Where ? " "  All over the car and his body . " Jurors heard Henniger 's frantic call over the police radio : "  Officer down ! Officer down ! Get me help ! Officer down . " He called for an ambulance , shouting , "  Get on it !!! " He and another officer pulled Collier out of the squad car to attempt to revive him . "  The amount of blood on his body made it difficult to get a grip on him , " Henniger said . The other officer urged Collier to "  Hang in there , just hang in there , " and asked "  Who did this to you ? " Collier did not respond . Cambridge police officer Brendan O'Hearn joined them , and took over applying chest compressions . "  His face and neck were covered with blood . There was some type of wound to his head , " O'Hearn said . Collier was gurgling and blood was coming from his mouth "  There was blood everywhere , " O'Hearn added . Weinreb asked , "  Did it transfer to you ? " "  All over me . " Collier became the fourth victim of the Tsarnaev brothers . Campus surveillance cameras captured the encounter between Collier and his killer . The footage was shot from a distance and at times , it is difficult to determine whether the cameras captured one person and a shadow or a pair walking closely together . The video shows Collier 's patrol car idling near the front of the Koch Institute building , and a person or two people rounding the corner and walking towards it . The brake lights flash on , then off , and then off again . Two people can be seen running back around the corner . Off to the side , somebody on a bicycle rides by without stopping . Harman , the grad student on the bicycle , often used the word "  they " in his testimony at first , but said he saw just one person as he pedaled past . "  When I went by , the front door was open , the driver 's side door , " he said . "  There was someone leaning into the driver 's side door . " He said the person -- although he used the word "  they " -- was bent at the waist and leaning into the patrol car . "  They stood up , startled , as I rode my bike by them , " he added . Later in his testimony , he began referring to "  they " as "  he . " "  I only saw one person , " he said . "  He sort of snapped up , stood up , and turned around . He looked startled . We made eye contact . " Asked to describe who he saw , Harman added , "  I remember thinking he had a big nose . " He looked across the courtroom at Tsarnaev , pointed , and said , "  He 's right there . " The prosecution 's case has brought one dramatic day of testimony after another in the federal courthouse overlooking Boston Harbor . On Tuesday , prosecutors displayed photos of what they called Tsarnaev 's "  manifesto , " scrawled in pencil on the sides of a dry-docked pleasure boat where he sought refuge April 19 . Blood streaks and bullet holes punctuated his words , which he does not deny writing . The only issue in dispute is whether it is a confession or something else .	Testimony focuses on shooting death of MIT officer , 26 Sean Collier killed three days after Boston bombings Cyclist IDs Tsarnaev , puts him at scene of Collier killing
CNN  -- There 's a big difference between a political debate about same-sex marriage and the recent hard-fought court challenge to the California ban , Proposition 8 . In politics , anything goes : Vague , sinister comments about same-sex marriage threatening children or undermining the sanctity of heterosexual marriage were prevalent during the Prop 8 campaign . In court , same-sex marriage opponents needed solid evidence to back up these and other claims . Despite "  able and energetic counsel , " they never produced it . That 's why they lost , resoundingly , in the federal district court . And that lack of evidence should dog opponents up through the chain of appeals that is now beginning , because appellate courts are required to review only the evidence in the court record and to give great deference to Judge Vaughn Walker 's findings of fact . He was there , after all , presiding over the trial , and the appellate judges were n't . And what a lopsided trial he presided over . All the anti-same-sex marriage arguments imploded when subjected to the rules of evidence . "  You do n't have to have evidence of this point , " counsel responded to the judge 's question asking what support existed for their claim that "  responsible procreation is really at the heart of society 's interest in regulating marriage . " No , sorry , at trial , you do have to have evidence . Of this point and every point .  And since -- as even Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia once pointed out in another case -- the sterile and elderly are allowed to marry , it ca n't be all about procreation . Trials turn on admissible evidence -- primarily credible witness testimony or documents , in this type of case . And Prop 8 proponents did not have it . Over and over again , Walker 's decision focused on the evidence , the mountain of reliable facts offered by gay marriage advocates , and the glaring lack thereof proffered by gay marriage opponents . The same-sex-marriage advocates presented eight lay witnesses and nine expert witnesses . One plaintiff testified that marriage would be a way to tell "  our friends , our family ... that this is a lifetime commitment ... we are not girlfriends . We are not partners . We are married . " The other three presented similarly compelling , credible testimony about the damage to their dignity , the economic losses , the sting of discrimination they suffered daily due to their legally enshrined second-class citizenship . Opponents offered exactly zero lay witnesses to explain , say , how their heterosexual marriages would be undermined by same-sex marriage , or how children would be harmed by a neighbor 's same-sex marriage -- though these were central arguments made during the Prop 8 campaign . The evidence at trial proved that children raised by gay or lesbian couples are just as likely to be well-adjusted as children raised by heterosexual parents . That gay folks are no more likely to be child molesters than heterosexuals . That marriage has evolved in this country to allow for women 's equality and interracial marriage . That no "  undermining " of straight marriage would occur if marriage further evolved to allow same-sex couples to marry , too . This evidence was put forward by an impressive roster of Harvard and Yale marriage historians , UMass Amherst and UCLA School of Law economists , a UCLA psychology professor , a Columbia University epidemiologist , a psychologist and a political scientist . Many had written extensive peer-reviewed articles and books in their areas of expertise . All their testimony withstood full and fair cross-examination . On the other side , pretrial , same-sex marriage opponents had designated a number of witnesses . But when push came to shove , at trial they elected not to call most of them . Walker pointed out that they did n't call a single official proponent of Prop 8 to explain the discrepancies between the arguments in favor of Prop 8 presented to voters and the arguments presented in court . Ouch . In a nice trial "  gotcha " moment , gay marriage advocates read in deposition testimony from two witnesses who were to testify for the other side -- yet their pretrial testimony instead supported the gay marriage advocates . Opponents offered no explanation for why their witnesses flipped . Another embarrassment . Ultimately , same-sex marriage opponents called only two witness , the founder of the Institute for American Values , who the court found lacked qualifications to offer expert testimony , and a Claremont College professor , who "  sought to rebut only a limited aspect " of the plaintiffs ' case . Here 's the kind of "  evidence " gay marriage opponents offered at trial : Homosexuals are 12 times more likely to molest children , their witness argued , and allowing same-sex marriage would cause states "  to fall into Satan 's hands . " The witness ' source of information ? "  The internet . " There 's not a judge in this country who could rely on "  evidence " like that . Walker made 80 meticulous , detailed findings of fact on every aspect of marriage , with hundreds of citations to the evidence cited at trial . Perhaps the most critical finding was No. 58 : "  Proposition 8 places the force of law behind stigmas against gays and lesbians , including ... gays and lesbians are not as good as heterosexuals . " Ultimately , Walker found , that was the heart of what same-sex marriage opponents advanced : "  a desire to advance the belief that opposite-sex couples are morally superior to same-sex couples . " Constitutionally , in a country that guarantees all Americans "  equal protection " of the laws , that is unacceptable . Given all these detailed evidentiary findings that follow ineluctably from the marriage opponents ' failure to put on much of a case at all , and given Walker 's finding that Prop 8 violated two separate constitutional provisions -- the due process and equal protection clauses -- it will be extremely difficult for an appellate court , following well-established rules of deference to lower court findings , to reverse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bloom .	Lisa Bloom says political arguments do n't necessarily hold up in court Opponents of same-sex marriage won the political battle on Prop 8 , she notes But when they had to defend the law in court , they could n't come up with evidence , she says Based on opponents ' lack of a case , the verdict will be upheld , she says
Earlier this year , I traveled to the Netherlands to report on a place that had captured my imagination . It is an entire village , where every single resident has severe dementia . Crippled by the prospect of putting their own parents into extended care facilities , two Dutch nurses decided to conduct an experiment : build a village for people with dementia and introduce a new level of humanity to the last few years of their lives . The result is a cutting-edge medical village , called Hogewey . It 's the only place of its kind , on its scale , anywhere in the world . All of the residents have dementia . Everyone else , however , from the barber at the local salon to the chefs in the restaurants carry out their regular jobs in addition to being trained as specialized health workers . I have never seen anything like it in the world . The media are rarely allowed inside , in an effort to minimize the disruption of the residents ' daily lives , but we were granted access in late March . We do n't talk about dementia nearly enough as a society , and I know it can be uncomfortable to imagine yourself or a loved one in that position . But these conversations do need to happen , more than ever . When you consider the developed world , the number of people living with dementia is expected to double by 2030 and triple by 2050 . As things stand now , people with dementia are largely ignored . They live in non-descript buildings and anonymous wards with lots of white coats , non-stop blaring television , and superfluous sedation . But what if more of those wards could look like the picturesque village of Hogewey ? An entire village dedicated to caring for people with dementia . Here are 5 things I learned on the inside . 1 . Safety first ! Six of out 10 people with Alzheimer 's disease will wander and become lost , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . Fortunately , at Hogewey , getting lost is n't a concern . There 's only one way in and one way out of the village -- and that doorway is kept staffed and locked 24 hours a day . Yvonne van Amerongen , one of Hogewey 's founders , told me even the residents who make it to this door are n't necessarily trying to leave . Like many people with dementia , they simply see a doorway and want to walk through it . Most of the time , all a staff member has to do is suggest to the resident that the door is broken , and perhaps they should try another . I witnessed with my own eyes as residents simply turned themselves around and walk back in the other direction . To that end , there are other safety modifications in place . An elevator -- something you or I can operate without much thought -- might prove perplexing to someone who suffers from severe dementia . At Hogewey , when a resident walks up to the elevator , a motion sensor summons the elevator , opens the door , and automatically takes the resident to the other floor when they step inside and trigger a weight sensor . 2 . Music makes the world go ` round It 's been shown in study after study : music is processed differently in the brain than many other sounds . The words and lyrics are activated on the left side of the brain in the language areas , while the tune and melody are more right brained . Long after patients with dementia lose the ability to carry out a conversation , they can still nod their heads , clap their hands , and stamp their feet . I even saw one very quiet man , Ben Picavet , suddenly start singing along to some traditional Dutch music while his wife , Ada , played the piano . "  We ca n't talk anymore about everything , but with singing ... you can make a good concert together , " Ada said . "  For me , that 's very important . " Music brings joy to the residents ' lives . They 're able to remember classic Dutch songs they learned when they were children , even if they have difficulty remembering much about their current day . Find out more about the ` Dementia village ' 3 . Resist the urge to correct a person with dementia The toughest conversation I had while at Hogewey was with a resident named Jo Verhoef . She was charming and animated , with a smile that warmed the entire room . At nearly 90 years old , Jo was still under the impression that she held a daily job , though she could n't recall what it was . "  Tomorrow , " she told me , "  I 'll know it , and I 'll have to go to it . " Additionally , not only was she under the impression that her parents were still alive , but furthermore that she had just seen them the day before . I asked resident social worker Marjolein de Visser about her strategy when it comes to correcting confusion like this . "  It depends on the phase of dementia , " she said . "  In the beginning , you can ask , ` Well , how old are you ? ' And someone says , ` I 'm 84 . ' You say , ` How old would your parents be ? ' And they can think , ` Oh , that does n't make sense . ' " Marjolein says the one absolute no-no when dealing with people with dementia is correcting them . "  If one person is having breakfast and they already had breakfast but want it again , you ca n't say , "  No , you ca n't . You 've already had breakfast " He wo n't know , so why would you say it ? " she told me . The memories are fading and their sense of judgment and logic has become impaired . 4 . Always keep up appearances One of the most productive things you can do to help keep a person with dementia from feeling lost , frightened , or agitated is to help them live as familiar a life as possible . To that end , at Hogewey , residents live in one of seven different "  lifestyle " categories : religious , cultural , urban , homemaker , trade/craft , upper class , and Indonesian . The moods evoked by the furnishing , decoration , and art in each home create an experience reminiscent of each individual 's formative years . Residents are also scheduled for regular appointments with the village hairdresser , Ingrid Scheermeijer . She told me when the residents simply get their hair combed , it has a calming effect . They feel as if they 're being cared for and pampered . "  Sometimes I have customers that come in very unhappy , " she told me . "  They look in the mirror , and they feel good . I think it 's very important . " 5 . Hand holding is good for the heart and head I spent the majority of my time at Hogewey with two couples , Ada and Ben Picavet , as well as Corrie and Theo Visser . Throughout my interviews with each pair , they sat holding hands . "  It 's not possible to talk about everything  anymore  , " Ada told me , "  but we still have this possibility . " "  It 's the way we communicate , " Theo said . "  She squeezes whenever she sees something or feels something . We spend the whole day like this . " Theo told me his marriage is the best it 's been in nearly 60 years .	Gupta : ` Dementia village ' is one of the most humane things I 've seen Keeping up appearances helps residents cope Music and hand holding keep residents comforted , calm A safe environment is key
CNN  -- A new anti-government movement has sprung up among protesters in Iran -- and now among their supporters in other countries -- with men posting pictures of themselves on the Internet wearing women 's head scarves as a political statement . The movement began in recent days as an online backlash after the arrest of one anti-government protester , Majid Tavakoli . The day after his arrest , an Iranian news agency published a picture of Tavakoli dressed in a chador , a black head-to-toe garment worn by Iranian women . The government claimed the man had been caught wearing the garment in an attempt to hide himself and avoid arrest , but opposition bloggers insisted that the photo published by the semi-official Fars news agency had been manipulated . Within hours of the Fars report on the arrest of the 22-year-old protester , men both inside and outside Iran responded using a what appears to be a new tactic for the opposition -- they began posting pictures of themselves online wearing head coverings that are mandated for women in the Islamic republic . Hamid Dabashi , professor of Iranian studies at New York 's Columbia University , told CNN Sunday that the pictures are an attempt at causing the Iranian government 's tactics to "  humiliate , intimidate or stifle this movement " to backfire . iReporters cover heads to support protests "  They  Iranian government officials  use a standard cliche to try to humiliate men , as if being a woman were something bad , and thousands of Iranians respond by posting these pictures , showing there is absolutely nothing wrong with women or veiling , " said Dabashi , who is a supporter of the arrested protester , Tavakoli . Adding to the controversy is the Fars agency 's decision to juxtapose the photos of Tavakoli alongside a decades-old photo of the first president of the Islamic republic , Abolhassan Banisadr . Years ago , Iranian officials accused Banisadr of using women 's clothes to try to escape arrest . In the nearly 30-year-old image , Banisadr , who was president for one year at the beginning of Iran 's post-revolutionary period , is shown wearing what appears to be a white floral head scarf . Though many question the authenticity of the picture , state media at the time used it as evidence that Banisadr attempted to escape the country in a "  cowardly " way after his ouster in 1981 . The Fars report gave no explanation for publishing Banisadr 's photo alongside Tavakoli 's , and the two men have no other apparent links . A blog that focuses on religion and politics in the Muslim world -- Spittoon.org -- interpreted the juxtaposition as being an attempt by the authorities "  to humiliate -LSB- Tavakoli , using -RSB- an old practice by the government to prove to the public that the opposition leaders are ` less than men , ' lacking courage and bravery . " One commentator on that site wrote , "  It is ironic how -LSB- the -RSB- head scarf , which was traditionally seen as a symbol of women 's oppression ... is now being used by men to show membership in a liberation movement . " A Facebook page created Friday night for Tavakoli exhorts supporters to "  condemn the state media 's behavior towards Majid Tavakoli , " and "  act in solidarity ... to affirm his status as a known symbol of integrity . " The page adds that the invitation to wear a head covering is "  without connotations to hijab as a religious practice , " and that the group 's leaders are "  against any kind of forced or imposed hijab . " Hijab refers to religiously sanctioned dress for men and women in Islam . Thus the new protest also speaks to the societal aspect of Iranian women being forced to accept a dress code , according to Dabashi . Alongside his own photo on Facebook , Dabashi describes the varied shades of meaning that this particular form of protest holds for him , referring to his rusari , the loosely tied head scarf that covers only the hair . "  Proud to wear my late mother 's rusari , the very rusari that was forced on my wife in Iran , the very rusari for which my sisters are humiliated if they choose to wear it in Europe , and the very rusari that the backward banality that now rules Iran thinks will humiliate Majid Tavakoli if it is put on him -- He is dearer and nobler to us today than he ever was . " Tavakoli remains in custody of Iranian security forces , and it is not known what he thinks about becoming associated with this particular protest tactic . He was arrested after a protest demonstration last Monday . December 7 is "  Students Day " in Iran , an annual observance extolling the virtues of the Islamic Revolution that toppled the Western-backed Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the shah of Iran . The holiday remembers the killing in 1953 of three university students by the shah 's security forces . In a speech before his arrest , Tavakoli played on the theme of the day 's historical significance in light of current anti-government protests . "  Stand up against dictatorship and scream all you can against dictatorship . We do n't accept a dictatorship any more , " Tavakoli said , according to a video of his speech posted on YouTube.com . "  Let 's go to the gates of the university and one more time let 's show our solidarity and unity . " Columbia University 's Dabashi said the head scarf protest is a way of showing the same solidarity against a system that came into being after the Iranian Revolution . "  We Iranian men are late doing this , " Dabashi said . "  If we did this when rusari was forced on those among our sisters who did not wish to wear it 30 years ago , we would have perhaps not been here today . "	Anti-government protester Majid Tavakoli recently arrested Iranian news agency then published picture of Tavakoli dressed in a chador Government critics say the picture was doctored and meant to humiliate Tavakoli To show solidarity , Iranian men post pictures of themselves with head scarves on Internet
Atlanta  CNN  -- Basketball star Lisa Leslie battled her way from the courts of Inglewood , California , to the upper echelons of the WNBA to become one of the most popular women 's basketball players of all time . After retiring from play , Leslie finds herself in a new fight -- to gain respect for her beloved sport . "  It 's a constant battle , " she says . "  I feel like I 'm an activist for women in sports . " Marking its 17th season this year , the Women 's National Basketball Association is the country 's longest-running professional women 's sports league . But the quest for fans , sponsors and exposure in a sports world dominated by men can be slow , and tough . The league will celebrate the 27th annual National Girls and Women in Sports Day on Wednesday , with several community events across the country . The occasion will honor female achievement in sports . But some say U.S. attitudes have a long way to go . How women cracked tennis ' glass ceiling Leslie was one of the pioneer players in the league . During her 12 seasons in the WNBA , she won three Most Valuable Player trophies -- not to mention four Olympic gold medals . She also scored her place in women 's basketball history when she became the first professional player to slam dunk during a game back in 2002 . Now , as co-owner of her former team , the Los Angeles Sparks , she is looking for a slam dunk in the form of financial support . "  It 's difficult to get corporate sponsors to really buy in and spend some of those corporate dollars on women 's sports , " she says . The WNBA says that team sponsorships rose more than 10 percent in 2012 from the prior season . Still , Leslie calls her task tough , even with support from the NBA . Leslie says the women 's league is growing , "  but it would be nice to get more fans supporting the WNBA and more women supporting women in sports . " Top player Tina Charles says there is an unfair attitude toward women 's sports in the United States . "  I do n't think we get a lot of media coverage the way that I wish we could , " she says . The center for the Connecticut Sun was the WNBA 's MVP last season . Still , speaking to CNN from Krakow , Poland , where she is playing in the offseason , she says she is pleased with the WNBA 's progress , and that playing for the league has been a dream come true . "  I think we have a lot to show with the way we play , " she says . " ... how hard we play , how competitive we are , just to show that there is another avenue for girls , another outlet for girls . " But building a fan base and profitability takes time . It also takes canny leadership . "  We are in no way resting on our laurels , " says WNBA President Laurel Richie , who came to the league in 2011 from Girl Scouts of the USA , where she was chief marketing officer . "  But we do take some comfort in the fact that it takes a while to get a league and all teams up and running and to profitability . " Expanding exposure is another challenge . Richie points to ESPN2 's plan to broadcast the WNBA draft in prime time this year . Last year marked the first time ESPN televised the draft lottery at all . Experts agree that watching women play in a professional arena is inspiring for girls . And it helps convince them to play sports themselves -- a huge benefit for their development . "  It 's really stunning , " says Nancy Hogshead-Makar , senior director of advocacy for the Women 's Sports Foundation . "  The changes are profound for the rest of -LSB- a girl 's -RSB- life . " Hogshead-Makar , who won three gold medals as an Olympic swimmer , says playing sports teaches girls about winning and losing , belonging to a team , and postponing short-term gratification for long-term rewards . She says that those skills "  translate directly into tangible educational gains , and economic gains . " Sports can also help teenagers during an awkward time in their development . Lisa Leslie credits basketball with shaping her character , as well as her career . Analysis : 40 years after Title IX , more women in high school sports She started playing for a simple reason , she says : "  I wanted to be popular . " But impressing her classmates was hardly the only benefit . "  I found playing basketball really became the most important aspect of who I am today , " Leslie says . "  When you play sports , you 're more likely not to do drugs , you 're more likely not to have early pregnancy . " WNBA players and executives alike see community outreach as part of the league 's mandate . Tina Charles donated $ 32,000 of her own money to help build a school in Mali . Kelly Loeffler , co-owner and co-chairman of the Atlanta Dream , says she was drawn to the league when she first saw a game . She thought there was a tremendous product , without the recognition it deserved . "  It was the opportunity to solve that business challenge , " Loeffler says , " ... while being a part of the growing movement towards growth in professional women 's sports . " She credits her players with filling key roles in the community and helping to win fans among girls , and boys . By building awareness , women 's sports fans hope to create more support for women on the court . One of the most famous female athletes in the country , Jackie Joyner-Kersee , credits Title IX , a 1972 law barring discrimination in school sports , for creating equal opportunities for girls . "  With Title IX , the opportunity for girls in sports is such a blessing , " says Joyner-Kersee . "  I can never imagine the women who came before me , who did n't have the same opportunities that I had . " She broke records with her Olympic heptathlon performances . Now , she reaches out to young people through grassroots programs , like the Triple Play wellness program through the Boys and Girls Clubs . Experts agree the race is n't over for equality in sports , particularly in the coaching industry . Hogshead-Makar says women are locked out of jobs that would have them coaching men at the university and professional levels . "  It 's probably the most sex-segregated industry out there , " she says . "  The industry of coaching men . It 's less than 2 % . " Still , she 's optimistic about the future . "  With  those numbers ? " she says . "  You can only go up . "	The 27th annual National Girls and Women in Sports Day is Wednesday In its 17th year , the WNBA still struggles for fans and sponsorship , says Lisa Leslie Leslie contends playing sports can help deter girls from early pregnancy and drugs
CNN  -- Three people wounded in the July mass shooting at a Colorado multiplex are suing the theater owner , claiming that security was lax the night a gunman opened fire and killed 12 people . Two lawsuits filed Friday against Cinemark USA Inc. , owner of Century Aurora 16 , allege negligence on the part of the corporation because the theater lacked adequate security or sufficient alarm systems . "  Although the theater was showing a midnight premier of the movie and was expecting large crowds of people to attend the midnight showing , no security personnel were present for that showing , " according to both lawsuits , which were filed by the same law firm . "  The exterior doors to the theater were lacking in any alarm system , interlocking security systems , or any other security or alarm features . " James Holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire on a crowded theater during the July 20 midnight showing of the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Fifty-eight people were wounded in the attack . The lawsuits were filed in U.S. District Court in Colorado on behalf of Joshua Nowlan , Denise Traynom and Brandon Axelrod . Iraq war veteran Nowlan , 31 , and newlyweds Axelrod , 30 , and Traynom , 24 , were at the theater together when the shooting occurred . "  Josh helped me protect my wife , and he got shot . It was n't expected . But I 'm glad he was there with us because the three of us together , we piled on each other and we kept each other safe . And you know , luck or faith , whatever you want to call it , kept us alive , " Axelrod told CNN in an interview shortly after the shooting . "  Josh , while we were hugging each other in the aisle , got hit in the arm . And at some point , because he 's so tall and lanky , he got hit in the leg , as well . " The Denver law firm of Keating , Wagner , Polidori & Free , filed the lawsuits : One on behalf of Nowlan , the other on behalf of Traynom and Axelrod . According to the lawsuits , the gunman was able to go in and out of the theater several times undetected to retrieve a "  virtual arsenal of weapons , including , but not limited to , one or more fully loaded shotguns , an AR-15 assault rifle , one or more fully loaded , automatic Glock handguns , and several tear gas canisters . " Nowlan 's right arm was nearly severed by a bullet , Traynom was shot in the buttocks and Axelrod injured his knee and ankle , according to the lawsuits . The lawsuits also allege that the theater 's security guards were given the night off , even though there had been several previous criminal incidents . The lawsuits are seeking "  amount which will fully and fairly compensate each of them for damages , losses and injuries " on behalf of the three victims . The lawsuits were filed the same day that Cinemark officials announced a plan to reconfigure the movie theater and reopen it by the beginning of next year .	Two lawsuits allege security guards were given the night off The lawsuits have been filed on behalf of three friends wounded in the shooting The July 20 shooting at the Aurora multiplex left 12 dead and 58 wounded
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's France international midfielder Franck Ribery has suffered another injury setback in his battle to return to first team action . Ribery played a part in just six Bundesliga matches during the first half of the 2009-10 season , lasting the whole 90 minutes only once due to a string of injuries . His knee and toe caused the most frequent problems and it is the latter which has forced him to miss the first session of Bayern 's winter training camp in Dubai . Bayern coach Louis van Gaal told the club 's official Web site : "  It is practically incredible and very bitter for the coach and the team . "  But we can not change it . We hope that the medical department works hard and he returns as quickly as possible . " Ribery had joined the rest of his team-mates for a jog around Munich on Sunday before the flight to the United Arab Emirates , but upon arrival in Dubai both of his big toes were swollen . Holes were drilled into the toenails to release an accumulation of blood and relieve the pain in a bid to get the 26-year-old back on his feet as soon as possible . Meanwhile , Bayern are looking to trim their squad , despite four players leaving the Bavarian giants during the winter break . Bayern have offloaded Luca Toni to Roma , Andreas Ottl and Breno to Nuremberg and Alexander Baumjohann to Schalke , but director of sport Christian Nerlinger claims that is just the tip of the iceberg . "  We are going to try to reduce the wagebill futher , " he told Kicker magazine . "  The wages have gone through the roof and therefore we have got to get our message through to the players that a new contract does not necessarily mean a pay rise . " Toni was Bayern 's biggest earner alongside Ribery , whose future is already the focus of intense transfer speculation and who , given the implied cost-cutting measures , now seems even less likely to commit himself to a new contract . Bayern president Uli Hoeness has already revealed the Frenchman will be sold in the summer if he does not extend his contract beyond 2011 , although an exception still may be made to Bayern 's wage structure to keep hold of the 26-year-old . "  Every case has to be dealt with individually and according to the market , " added Nerlinger . However , after spending almost 80 million euros on new players last summer , Nerlinger insists his club has "  reached the limit " as far as signing new players is concerned .	Bayern Munich 's France international midfielder Franck Ribery has suffered another injury setback Ribery played a part in just six Bundesliga matches during the first half of the 2009-10 season The 26-year-old had to have his big toes operated on after they swelled up on a flight to Dubai
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- Call him Charlie , Charles , Chuck -- whatever you want . It 's all okay with him . Beaming a warm smile from beneath his push-broom mustache , the softly spoken 74-year-old does n't strike you as a pioneering innovator -- the man responsible for a breakthrough that 's now driving forward the world of manufacturing . But Chuck Hull -- "  in this kind of environment , it 's usually ` Chuck ' , " he says , as he sits down with CNN in Frankfurt , Germany -- is executive vice president and chief technology officer of 3D Systems , a company built on his creation : the 3D printer . In 1983 , Hull was working for a small business that made tough coatings for tables using ultraviolet lamps . When he suggested a new way to use the UV technology -- to quickly turn computer designs into working prototypes -- Hull was given a little lab to play around in during his evenings and weekends . Hull experimented for months , on his own with a plastic-y gloop -- then one night , something emerged ... CNN : When you began , what materials exactly were you using ? Hull : The class of materials is called "  photopolymers " and these are typically acrylic-based materials that would be liquid until they 're hit with -- let 's say -- an ultraviolet light . Then , they instantly turn solid . So , you have a vat of this liquid and a point of ultraviolet light , and you turn it into a solid piece of plastic . And that 's the basic method ? That 's the basic methodology -- that 's stereolithography . That 's never changed . Who was the first person you showed it to ? Er , my wife . I got a good part and called her up , got her out of her pajamas , told her to come down to the lab and see this . What did she say ? "  This had better be good ! "  Laughs . Explore : The 3D printing revolution And then , when did you see 3D printing take off ? Well , it 's really blossomed just in the last few years -- in the sense of really rapid growth and recognition . There 's a lots of things that contributed to that , I think : a lot of the medical applications catch peoples ' imagination ; certainly the maker movement , with low-cost machines getting hobbyists interested in inventing and building using 3D printing . How did the process develop into what it is today ? One of the most significant -LSB- changes -RSB- is the basic accuracy you can achieve : because -LSB- the materials -RSB- cure from a liquid to a solid , they tend to shrink and they can distort . So as you build these 3D parts you get some inaccuracies and warp-age . But that chemistry has been vastly improved , so there 's almost no distortion now . Also the physical properties : initially the materials were really brittle -- they would break easily . Nowadays you get really good , tough plastic materials . I hear the word "  democratization " used about 3D printing . Is that important to you ? The whole premise of this technology has been to foster creativity , and change in product design and manufacturing , and so forth . At the individual level , I think there 's a great kind of pent up need : we 've got into the computer age and everything is on a screen or remote , we 've kind of missed the tangible result . This is a means to convert something on the computer to reality in a straightforward way . Could you have imagined all this ? Laughs .  Not at the consumer level . I was always thinking in terms of design engineers -- in terms of their expensive CAD computers and so forth . What do you think the industry is worth now ? I think , well , in terms of the total goods and services , it 's about $ 3 billion annually and it 's actually growing at a rapid rate . Are there limits to what 3D printing can do ? There 's limits to everything . So , the kind of traditional limits of 3D printing have been : material properties , speed , making millions of things . But all the competitive companies are just constantly pushing those limits , so if you 're projecting the future , it looks like these limits are going to be beat down over the next couple of years . What has surprised you most ? To me , some of the medical applications . I did n't anticipate that , and as soon as I started working with some of the medical imaging people , it became pretty clear that this was going to work . But , you know , they told me , I did n't tell them . What does your wife say ? Laughs  She 's probably more enthusiastic than I am , so she 's very excited about this whole field . You made your discovery 30 years ago : how have you felt along these long 30 years ? I mean , it 's exploded has n't it ? Well , you know I 'm old enough that I should have retired long ago , but it 's so interesting that I do n't . It 's a really interesting journey . Watch the video above for more from Chuck Hull about his incredible invention and 3D printing today .	Chuck Hull is the American engineer who invented 3D printing Hull created the first 3D printer in 1983 and has been refining his creation ever since He says the process has "  blossomed " in the last few years
ALPHARETTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ben , who 's 15 months old , can already do a lot of things . He can turn on a light or open a door . He can pick up a remote control off the floor . He can pull a heavy object with his teeth . Colise Johnson , 42 , spent two weeks in September at a canine training camp getting acquainted with Ben . But Ben , a gangly golden retriever , is more than a family pet . He is a specially trained seizure dog who may one day be able to save the life of his new owner , Colise Johnson . "  Having epilepsy and cerebral palsy is kind of like having a nonstop roller coaster ride , " said Johnson , 42 , of Portland , Oregon . "  You never know what 's going to happen , but with him , he slows the ride down so it 's manageable . " Johnson , who uses a wheelchair and must wear a helmet because of persistent seizures , is among 3 million Americans who live with some form of epilepsy , a brain disorder that causes recurring seizures , violent muscle spasms or , sometimes , a loss of consciousness . There are no estimates of how many patients are paired up with assistance dogs , and the benefits of having such an animal have not been studied to any great extent . But Dr. Gregory Barkley , a neurologist at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit , Michigan , and an adviser for the Epilepsy Foundation of America , believes nearly a quarter of the people who suffer from frequent , severe seizures might be helped by a canine companion . He said the dogs have "  an unqualified devotion to their master " that may offer important mental health benefits . The dogs are sometimes credited with powers they really do n't possess , Barkley said . "  The dog does not predict a seizure , " he said . "  It may respond to the earlier stages of a seizure . " Johnson owned a seizure dog for 12 years before he died in 2007 , ironically , having his own seizure . Watch more on Ben and his new owner " She recalled that the dog , named McKeever , "  told me ahead of time when I was going to have a seizure . ... He helped me get off the floor if I fell , helped me retrieve items , helped me get clothes out of the drawer for a bath , open the fridge on command and took out the recycling . " She said she 'd felt lost without McKeever since his death , but that recently changed . Johnson spent two weeks in September at a training camp at Canine Assistants in Alpharetta , Georgia , getting acquainted with Ben . This year , Johnson was one of 1,100 people on the agency 's waiting list . Jennifer Arnold founded the nonprofit service in 1991 and has placed more than 1,000 dogs with adults and children with physical disabilities or other special needs . "  We work primarily with people who have mobility issues and have conditions like muscular dystrophy , multiple sclerosis , cerebral palsy and brain injuries , " Arnold said . In the past few years , Arnold also helped train 100 seizure dogs to assist people with epilepsy . "  We train them to do basically 90 different commands , " Arnold said . "  They learn to do things like go for help and press buttons to alert 9-1-1 . " Over time , nearly all the dogs eventually develop the ability to identify the onset of a seizure , she said . "  We have no understanding of what it is that alerts the dogs that a seizure is oncoming , " she said . "  Is it a smell that the body produces ? We do n't know to what stimuli the dog is responding . " By spending time with epilepsy patients , Arnold 's dogs are taught what a seizure looks like and not to be frightened . Some dogs are able to anticipate a seizure 20 to 40 minutes before it happens . "  If the dog feels that their person is going to have a seizure , they tend to get very restless and distressed . ... They show signs of stress and agitation , " Arnold said . "  Provided their human can read what that means , you have a really good alert system going on there . " Barkley has heard similar anecdotal information from his own epilepsy patients , but many of those dogs were simply family pets and were untrained , he said . He warned patients to be wary of agencies that charge a lot of money for a dog that may or may not be able to perform certain tasks . Canine Assistants offers its dogs free of charge to qualified patients . The group not only covers the cost of airfare and lodging during the training sessions , but it provides a lifetime of food and veterinary care at no cost . Arnold estimated the total value at $ 20,000 per dog . She said that a third of her company 's operating costs are underwritten by large corporate grants . The rest of the money is raised through private donations . Arnold helped train some of the 140 dogs currently at the facility . She said she has no trouble letting the animals go to new homes because she knows they 'll serve an important purpose , especially for the epilepsy patients . "  They become a prisoner , " Arnold said . "  They do n't want to leave the house ... they 're so vulnerable . Just having this dog with you means that you 're not ever alone . " Johnson , the married mother of a 15-year-old , is looking forward to regaining some independence with a new dog in the house . "  He 's going to be able to give my family a break . He 's going to be able to let them rest a little bit easier , " she said . She also looked forward to a new reason to get out of bed in the morning . "  With the dog , instead of getting all bummed out or getting depressed over the seizures , I 'll spend time with him and play with him and start laughing . " "  These dogs will change your life in such a way you wo n't know how you 've lived without him once you 've had them . "	Three million Americans live with epilepsy , which causes recurring seizures Canine camp in Georgia has trained 1,000 dogs since 1991 to help the disabled Cost of training , maintaining dog is $ 20,000 ; dogs are free to qualified patients
CNN  -- He 's enemy No. 1 in the fight against ISIS . But after waves of airstrikes by both Iraq and U.S.-led coalition forces , questions abound over whether the terror group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , was hit . Iraq 's minister of defense , Khaled al-Obeidi , said on Facebook that al-Baghdadi was wounded in airstrikes in Mosul on Friday night and that his deputy , Musallam al-Turkmani , was killed .	NEW : U.S. official : Iraqi forces targeted ISIS leader in airstrike Iraq 's defense minister and the Interior Ministry say Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was injured The Iraqi prime minister 's office ca n't confirm , and analysts are skeptical about the claims U.S says coalition airstrikes targeted a convoy in Mosul , but it 's not clear if al-Baghdadi was hit
CNN  -- It 's a Friday in May , 2005 , and Schapelle Corby stands in the center of packed courtroom on the tropical island of Bali , waiting to learn her fate . Will the beauty school student from Australia 's Gold Coast be found guilty of smuggling a large bag of marijuana into Indonesia -- where the maximum penalty for drug trafficking is death by firing squad ? A furrow forms between the 27-year-old 's eyebrows as the judge reads out the verdict in Bahasa Indonesia . Corby appears confused . Her piercing blue eyes dart around the room -- at her family , at the cameras broadcasting live to televisions around Australia , at the ground , at her interpreter . Then reality sets in . Guilty -- the judge said . Her sentence ? Twenty years in a Bali prison . At the back of the court , members of her family erupt with anger . "  It 's not alright ! How dare you ? " screams her sister , Mercedes . "  We swore on the Bible to tell the truth and your fellow lied ! " her mother , Rosleigh Rose , booms at the prosecutors . As her daughter is led away , Rose makes a promise : "  Schapelle , you will come home . Our government will bring you home . " Not since Lindy Chamberlain claimed a dingo took her baby in the Outback have Australians become so caught up in a courtroom drama . Nearly nine years on from the verdict , interest remains strong enough to sustain a soon-to-be-broadcast Australian telemovie based on the case . And now Corby has walked out of prison -- on parole but free . Yet Australia remains divided as to whether she is guilty of the crime . To this day , Corby insists she was an unwitting victim of a botched drug smuggling operation . The bust On 8 October 2004 , Corby took a flight with her brother and two friends from Brisbane airport via Sydney to Bali to celebrate Mercedes ' 30th birthday . When they landed in Indonesia , customs officials checked their luggage and discovered a plastic bag containing 4.1 kilograms of marijuana -- the largest seizure ever made at Bali 's Denpasar airport -- in Corby 's boogie board bag . She said she had no idea how the drugs ended up in her luggage . She had n't locked the bag carrying her board so the marijuana must have been planted there , she argued . Indonesian authorities had a different version of events . Customs officers who were at the airport claimed Corby refused to open the bag when asked -- a claim she denies . They also said she admitted the marijuana was hers . Corby says they had difficulty understanding each other , and that she told them the bag , not the drugs , belonged to her . There was no CCTV footage of the inspection . Corby was arrested and charged with breaching Indonesia 's tough anti-drug trafficking laws . She was put in jail without bail pending trial . Her story resonated with many Australians -- those who had been to Bali , a popular tourist destination ; those who imagined how easily an unlocked bag could allow drug traffickers to turn a dream holiday into a nightmare ; those who held prejudices about customs officials in developing countries ; and others who thought , regardless of whether Corby was guilty or not , the penalty she faced was unreasonably harsh . When Corby was sentenced , Australia 's then-prime minister John Howard said he understood why Australians felt so strongly about her case . "  The fact that we are a nation whose young travel so much , it is an issue that has touched this country very directly , " he said . Actor Russell Crowe was an example of a high profile voice on the case . "  When there is such doubt , how can we as a country stand by and let a young lady , as an Australian , rot away in a foreign prison ? That is ridiculous , " he said in an interview with Sydney radio station 2UE . A fair go ? Much of the outrage surrounding Corby 's case centered on whether she had been treated fairly . Under Indonesian law , Corby had to prove that someone else had placed the drugs in her bag . Indonesian customs officials at the airport did not weigh her luggage . In Australia , Corby 's baggage was weighed together with those of her travel companions , not as separate pieces . Corby 's defense team asked for fingerprint testing to be carried out on the plastic bag containing the drugs . Their requests were repeatedly denied . Her lawyers claimed that the drugs were planted in Brisbane , by airline baggage handlers involved in interstate drug trafficking , who planned to remove the package in Sydney , but mistakenly sent it to Bali instead . The judges in Corby 's trial found her defense team could not prove there was another person responsible for the drugs . As Chief Judge Linton Sirait read out the court 's verdict , he said Corby had "  convincingly carried out a crime " by importing the drugs illegally . "  The actions of the accused were a danger to the community , " he said . "  This was a transnational crime that could damage the minds of young people . " Is she guilty ? As far as many were concerned , Corby was your average young , attractive Aussie . An opinion poll among Australians after she was charged found that more than 90 % believed she was innocent . Corby , whose father was a coal miner and mother a fish and chip shop owner , had no previous criminal convictions and no evidence of involvement with drugs in the past . In an interview with Australian public broadcaster ABC , Corby 's father , Mick , said she did n't use drugs , except for possibly experimenting in high school . "  Oh , she might have bloody had a puff when she was in bloody Grade 10 or something , round the back of the schoolyard like kids do , I do n't know , " he said . Corby 's lawyers relied on a witness -- a prisoner awaiting trial in Melbourne -- who said he overheard other inmates talking about a drug smuggling syndicate that had "  lost " a package of marijuana after planting it in luggage at Brisbane airport in October 2004 . Australian media told the stories of other tourists who said they 'd found marijuana in their luggage on arrival in Bali years earlier . One man told Channel Nine , he found a bag of pot about the size of a loaf of bread in his luggage . The man said when he phoned the Australian consulate in Indonesia , they told him "  you get caught with that , mate , and you 'll be eating nasi goreng for the rest of your life in jail . " A spokeswoman for the department confirmed that call to a Sydney paper . Then , just weeks before Corby 's trial ended , Australian Federal Police and Qantas , the airline Corby used to fly to Bali , announced they had been investigating the role of some baggage handlers in a long running cocaine smuggling operation through Sydney airport . One alleged incident took place on the same day Corby traveled . Corby 's defense said they were hopeful of using the evidence in an appeal . However , Qantas said thorough reviews with police found no evidence of links between Corby 's case and the alleged cocaine trafficking . Over the years , questions have been raised about Corby 's father . A family member accused him of involvement in drug dealing . A book went even further . But Corby 's father , who died of cancer in 2008 , steadfastly denied any involvement with drugs . For a case under the microscope , no detail -- even involving a family member , is too small . Questions over the integrity of some of Corby 's legal team also threatened to damage her case . When allegations emerged that one of Corby 's legal advisers requested A$ 500,000 from the Australian Government in an attempt to bribe Indonesian judges , her flamboyant lawyer , Hotman Paris Hutapea , appeared on an ABC current affairs program "  The 7.30 Report " to defend himself -- raising other questions in the process . "  So I 'm not Mr Clean , but for this case temporarily I am clean , " he said . "  There is no lawyer in the world is clean  sic  ... If you keep saying Australian lawyer , American lawyer they are all clean , that 's totally bulls -- t. " What happens now ? On Monday , Corby was released on parole amid a swarm of cameras . But she wo n't be returning to Australia anytime soon . Corby , now 36 , must remain in Indonesia on parole until 2017 , according to local media reports . It 's believed she will live with her sister Mercedes , who has a home in Kuta -- a popular tourist area in Bali . According to CNN 's Australian affiliate Seven Network , Corby plans to work in a surf shop owned by Mercedes ' husband , where she will design bikinis . It seems the Corby saga is n't over just yet . CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	Corby , then 27 , was arrested at Bali 's airport with marijuana in her luggage in 2004 The Australian trainee beautician insists she was set up A Bali court convicts her of drug trafficking , sentencing her to 20 years in prison Her case has been one of the most-watched criminal trials in Australian history
CNN  -- Billionaire Richard Branson 's planned commercial spacecraft had a successful test flight Thursday , rocketing into the skies over California after being dropped from its carrier plane , his company announced . Branson 's Virgin Galactic said SpaceShipTwo broke the sound barrier , climbed from 42,000 feet to 69,000 feet over the Mojave Desert under rocket power and descended using its tilt-wing "  feathering " maneuver . It 's the second powered flight for SpaceShipTwo , which is designed to carry up to six passengers on what will be suborbital flights at first . "  In addition to achieving the highest altitude and greatest speed to date , the test flight demonstrated the vehicle 's full technical mission profile in a single flight for the first time ... All of the test objectives were successfully completed , " the company said . In a video showing highlights of Thursday 's test flight , Branson said Virgin Galactic plans to start taking passengers aloft in 2014 -- a slight delay from the December 2013 marker he set down at Britain 's Farnborough International Airshow in June . "  Virgin Galactic is now gearing up for the commercial service , finalizing cabin interiors , flight suits , training programs and the multiple other details required to offer hundreds of aspiring astronauts a safe and awe-inspiring journey , " he said . More than 500 would-be astronauts , including actor Ashton Kutcher , have so far signed up for the two-hour , $ 200,000-a-seat flights . Virgin executives have said they expect to have 600 bookings in the first two years of service . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	SpaceShipTwo broke the sound barrier during Thursday 's test It 's expected to start commercial service in 2014 at $ 200,000 a seat "  All of the test objectives were successfully completed , " Virgin Galactic says
London , England  CNN  -- The United Kingdom will send an additional 500 troops to Afghanistan in early December , bringing the British contingent there to more than 9,500 , Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced Monday . "  We must address the terrorist threat at its source , " Brown told lawmakers , adding : "  Our task is to prevent the Taliban from giving al Qaeda ... safe haven . "  Instability in Afghanistan can only increase the risk of conflagration where the rest of the world can least afford it . " Brown regularly links British security to events in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying attacks on London and other British targets have been planned in South Asia . He announced in October the decision in principle to boost force levels , but said certain conditions -- including proper equipment for the British troops and more troop commitments from other countries -- had to be met first . The United Kingdom has the largest contingent in Afghanistan after the United States . The figure of 9,500 does not include special forces , said Brown , who declined to say exactly how many are there , but indicated it is more than 500 . Brown 's announcement coincided with the news that a British soldier was killed by an explosion in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , where troops have been entrenched in heavy combat with Taliban insurgents since July 2006 . The soldier , from the 1st Battalion , Coldstream Guards , died as a result of injuries sustained in the Babaji area , the Ministry of Defence said in a statement . Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in Afghanistan since the start of fighting in 2001 . More than 100 were lost in the past year .	British contingent in Afghanistan will be increased to 9,500 , UK 's Brown says Brown says troops must prevent Afghanistan becoming Al Qaeda safe haven UK has largest contingent of troops in Afghanistan after United States
CNN  -- Polygamy is back in the headlines . Last week , a federal judge in Utah struck down part of the state 's anti-polygamy law as unconstitutional , although he kept the ban on possessing more than one marriage license at a time . Fans of the "  Sister Wives " reality TV stars , who filed the suit , are rejoicing in the news . At the other end of the spectrum , TLC debuted its newest docuseries , "  Breaking the Faith , " which tells the dark story of women and children trying to escape from the practice . Another lawsuit filed by the Department of Justice alleges that polygamous clans are secretly running the show in Utah and Arizona townships , manipulating the political process from behind the scenes . And in Texas , the Attorney General 's Office is inching closer to seizing a massive polygamous ranch . Across the country , angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy . Meanwhile , celebrities like Akon and various news outlets encourage people of all ages to reconsider plural marriage . What competing narratives about polygamy in America reveal is that whether or not a white-washed , clean-cut version of plural marriage could in theory legally exist , in practice it does not , and what states like Utah , Arizona and Texas actually have is an unregulated , dangerous and harmful situation , where the strong prey upon the weak and helpless . The time has come to address this discrepancy . When the Supreme Court struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act in U.S. v. Windsor in June , opening the door to federal recognition of same-sex marriage , it also set the stage for a discussion of plural marriage . DOMA defined marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife . " While DOMA obviously prohibited same-sex marriage  by requiring that a marital unit consist of a man and a woman  , it also enshrined the prohibition against polygamy , by requiring that such a union be between only one man and one woman . Even before Windsor the Supreme Court had declared morals-based legislation invalid , renewing interest in polygamy . But in calling DOMA definitions unconstitutionally restrictive , the court , perhaps unwittingly , also struck down the federal numerical limitation in a marriage , immediately re-opening the possibility of plural marriage at the state level . Activists have taken note , and are only getting louder . But despite the strength of any legal arguments , and the voices of a few , plural marriage is still a crime , and public opinion remains strongly in favor of the ban . Studies show that it tends to create abusive relationships antithetical to family values . Co-wives who lose favor are pushed aside for new and often younger rivals ; left to fend for themselves and their children with dwindling resources and support , they are exploited by emotionally detached husbands . Advocates say the harms are not intrinsic to the practice ; they do not support underage or coercive relationships . They challenge us to crack down on abuses in general , irrespective of marital model . Polygamy might not be inherently evil , which is why we need purposeful debates . But unlike traditional marriage , it has never been effectively regulated and so people , especially women and children , have suffered . The real beauty of last summer 's ruling is that it not only opened the door for polygamy , it also established a framework . Same-sex relationships that were only decriminalized in earlier cases were finally given legal recognition in Windsor . If there is to be a change in status quo -- if we as a nation decide that polygamy can not or should not be illegal -- then going straight from criminalization to full recognition is both the correct legal answer and necessary to assuage public fears . Decriminalizing polygamy would only make abuses even harder to catch . But following Windsor 's lead and allowing these relationships to be recognized could instead bring them into the light . Recognition would enable law enforcement to crack down on abuse ; allow an independent civil authority -- a town clerk or justice of the peace -- to express concerns about and even refuse to approve an inappropriate marriage . It would help prosecutors overcome the evidentiary hurdles inherent in prosecuting related crimes . Unlike decriminalization , legalizing and regulating polygamy cuts to the heart of policy concerns . Morals-based legislation has been unconstitutional since 2003 's Lawrence v. Texas , and so we can not just continue ignoring the polygamists ' clamor for acceptance . But the practical policy solution -- awarding those formerly banned relationships rights , and with those rights accompanying duties and responsibilities , which will be monitored -- was only handed down last summer . A clean-cut version of American polygamy does not currently exist , but under Windsor , perhaps , we could actually build it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Goldfeder .	A judge in Utah struck down part of the state 's anti-polygamy law as unconstitutional Mark Goldfeder : In practice , polygamy exists even if legally it is not recognized He says U.S. needs to address polygamy , possibly find a way to make it legal Goldfeder : Recognition would enable law enforcement to crack down on abuse
CNN  -- Blake Fielder-Civil is trying to kick his Amy Winehouse habit now that he 's seen photos of the singer cavorting with another man in the Caribbean while he sits in a British jail . Blake Fielder-Civil and Amy Winehouse in happier times . The pair married in 2007 . Celebrity lawyer Henri Brandman confirmed to CNN that Fielder-Civil has asked him "  to commence divorce proceedings on the grounds of Amy 's adultery . " Winehouse was quoted by a London tabloid last week saying she was "  off the drugs for good " and has a new man in her life , 21-year-old actor Josh Bowman . "  I 've finally escaped from hell , " Winehouse told the News of the World . "  I 'm in love again , and I do n't need drugs . Look at me ; I 'm glowing ! " The tabloid also published pictures of Winehouse and Bowman in playful poses on a beach on the island of St. Lucia . Grammy-award-winning singer Winehouse , 25 , married Fielder-Civil , 26 , in May 2007 . Since then , both have been arrested on drug charges together and separately . "  I do n't know what 's going on with us now , and for the time being I 've just forgotten I 'm even married , " Winehouse told the tabloid . "  I 'm just here on my own , happy and having a good time with Josh , " she said . "  I 'll deal with Blake when I get back . But our whole marriage was based on doing drugs . " Fielder-Civil is currently jailed in England after a failed drug test in December . Winehouse , 25 , is well-known for her song "  Rehab , " which describes the singer 's reluctance to enter a clinic . She won five Grammy awards last year -- three for "  Rehab " as well as Album of the Year and Best New Artist . Winehouse has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic last January . Police started investigating her last year after obtaining a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti-anxiety drug Valium . The Sun , Britain 's top daily tabloid , made the 19-minute video public . It said the video was shot in Winehouse 's East London home . The Metropolitan Police investigated after receiving a copy of the video from The Sun . She and her husband were arrested at a Norwegian hotel on marijuana possession in October 2007 .	Tabloid has published photos of Amy Winehouse with another man in the Caribbean Lawyer asked "  to commence divorce proceedings on the grounds of Amy 's adultery " "  I 'm in love again , and I do n't need drugs , " tabloid quotes Winehouse as saying Singer 's husband is currently jailed in England after a failed drug test in December
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been frozen in the public mind by four images . There 's the surveillance photo that the FBI says shows him carrying a backpack among the people who thronged the finish line of last year 's Boston Marathon -- a backpack that federal agents say held one of the bombs that killed three people and maimed more than 200 , severing limbs from many of them . There 's the one of a blood-smeared Tsarnaev staggering from beneath a tarp on a trailered boat as a small army of law enforcement holds him in its sights . That ended the pursuit that began when the FBI handed out the first picture . Then there 's the gauzy image of a placid , tousle-haired teenager that appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone three months later . That one sparked outrage among many of the survivors and prompted numerous outlets to pull the issue , which featured a lengthy profile of the suspect . And there 's the one from his last public appearance -- a sketch of Tsarnaev in an orange jumpsuit standing in a courtroom , repeating "  not guilty " to the litany of charges against him . As the dignitaries and the survivors and the rescuers gathered in Boston on Tuesday afternoon to mark the anniversary of the bombing , Tsarnaev was sitting in a cell on a former Army installation about 35 miles away . He 's scheduled to go to trial in early November , when prosecutors will ask a jury to put him on death row . His lawyers have laid the groundwork for a case that argues that Tsarnaev , now 20 , was under the "  domination and control " of his brother Tamerlan , who was killed in the chase . His defense team is led by a lawyer known for cutting deals to spare the lives of her most notorious clients . But they 're facing long odds , said New York lawyer Ronald Tabak , a leading expert on capital cases . "  They 're up against the huge amount of pretrial publicity , the negative nature of most of that publicity and the fact that this was a crime that affected the entire area , " he said . Even if the defense can convince the jury that most of the blame lies with Tsarnaev 's dead brother , "  They still have to deal with several people being killed and many other people being injured for no reason that would make sense to just about anybody , other than someone who was mentally ill or believed in terrorism , " Tabak said . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was seven years older , a onetime Golden Gloves boxing champion and an increasingly radical adherent of Islam , according to associates . Investigators say the Tsarnaev brothers tried to bolt from Boston after the FBI released their pictures on April 18 , killing a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer in the process . Tamerlan was run over by his kid brother as they battled police who were closing in , according to the indictment against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . In the past year , investigators also linked Tamerlan to the slayings of three men in a Boston suburb a year and a half before the bombings . It was a particularly grisly scene : The heads of the three victims were pulled back and their throats slit ear to ear with great force , marijuana was spread over the bodies in what investigators called a symbolic gesture , and several thousand dollars in cash was left at the apartment . In court papers , Dzhokhar 's lawyers argued that the killings demonstrated that his brother "  was an all-powerful force who could not be ignored or disobeyed . " They 've also raised questions about whether Tamerlan suffered from mental illness and suggested his "  paranoia and distress " were fueled by an FBI attempt to recruit him as an informant . The government responded last week that it has no evidence agents ever tried to recruit Tamerlan . It says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev downloaded jihadist literature to his computer , including the first issue of al Qaeda 's Inspire magazine -- the one that shows how to build a bomb from a pressure cooker , the type of weapon used on Boylston Street . The indictment against him describes how the brothers test-fired guns and bought fireworks that held 8 pounds of explosives . And it recounts the messages scrawled inside the boat where Dzhokhar was found -- messages that accused the United States of killing "  innocent civilians " and warned , "  Stop killing our innocent people and we will stop . " The Tsarnaev family originally came from Chechnya , a war-torn corner of southwestern Russia where Islamist guerrillas have been battling government forces for a decade and a half . Both brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan ; Dzhokhar had become an American citizen , while Tamerlan 's application was still pending when the bombing occurred . In 2011 , Russian intelligence had asked the FBI to keep tabs on Tamerlan , who had become an increasingly devout Muslim . The FBI said Moscow believed "  that he was a follower of radical Islam " and was preparing to head for Russia "  to join unspecified underground groups . " FBI agents checked out the tip , found no information linking Tamerlan to terrorism and asked the Russians to let them know if they had anything else to support their claims , according to an inspector general 's report released last week . There was no response , the report concluded . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's lawyers might be able to spare their client 's life if they can show jurors that Tamerlan held "  an unusual sway " over his brother , Tabak said . They might also be helped by the fact that the state of Massachusetts has n't had capital punishment since 1984 , indicating that jurors drawn from the state are less likely to put someone to death , he said . But because this is a federal case , the jury will be drawn from a broader pool -- and that pool may include more conservative suburban or rural residents who are more inclined to support executions , said Tabak , who leads the death penalty committee of the American Bar Association 's Section of Individual Rights and Responsibilities . In the meantime , Tsarnaev awaits his date with a jury . And in Boston , a grim anniversary will soon give way to another year 's marathon . Opinion : Four things we learned about the Boston bombing	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces a November trial in the Boston Marathon bombing His lawyers argue he was under the "  domination and control " of his brother Tamerlan The defense will face long odds , expert says
CNN  -- Between 200 and 300 women and children who were fleeing fighting in South Sudan drowned when an overloaded ferry overturned on a river , a South Sudanese army spokesman said Tuesday . The accident happened Saturday on the White Nile River near Malakal in the northeast of the country , said Col. Philip Aguer of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army . Aguer said he was aware of only two survivors , both crew members . The passengers were all civilians . South Sudan erupted into violence December 15 when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Since then , militia members loyal to Machar have battled government forces . Talks begin in hopes of halting descent ` into collapse ' Representatives of South Sudan 's government and rebels have been meeting for talks in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa , but there has been no cease-fire reached . The violence has displaced more than 350,000 people , according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization , and sparked a humanitarian crisis . The U.N. agency appealed Monday for $ 61 million to help it provide food assistance to those in need . Even before the violence broke out last month , some 4.4 million people were expected to face food insecurity this year , an agency news release said . Now many more are at risk of hunger . "  It is essential that security and stability return to South Sudan immediately so that displaced people can return to their homes , fields , herds and fishing grounds , " said Sue Lautze , the U.N. agency 's representative in South Sudan . "  Timing is everything ; there are fish in the rivers now , pastoralists are trying to protect their herds and the planting season for maize , groundnut and sorghum starts in March . " South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war , making it the world 's youngest nation . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Army spokesman says hundreds drowned in a ferry accident as they fled fighting The ferry was carrying women and children when it overturned on a river , he says South Sudan erupted into violence in mid-December More than 350,000 people have been displaced by the fighting , says United Nations
New York  CNN  -- Police issued an "  all clear " after an electronic greeting card prompted employees at a commercial Israeli bank in New York to call emergency personnel , according to Paul Browne , a New York City Police Department spokesman . Authorities said they initially X-rayed the package and were concerned that it was "  a possible letter bomb , " he said . The card contained interconnecting wires and batteries and drew a New York bomb squad to investigate . A law enforcement source told CNN that the letter was addressed to a bank employee . Multiple emergency vehicles and as many as 20 firefighters gathered around the building in Manhattan . Employees who left the building were not permitted re-enter it , according to CNN producer Kiran Khalid , but authorities did not evacuate the area . CNN 's Allan Chernoff and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report	Card containing wires and batteries drew a bomb squad to investigate It was received at an Israeli bank in Manhattan Multiple emergency vehicles and up to 20 firefighters had gathered at the building
CNN  -- A Milwaukee woman accused of killing a pregnant mother and her unborn son just days before he was due to be born was charged Monday with two counts of homicide . Annette Morales-Rodriguez , 33 , is accused of killing 23-year-old Maritza Ramirez-Cruz and then cutting the baby from her womb last week , according to police and a criminal complaint . It was not immediately clear Monday whether the defendant had obtained legal representation . Morales-Rodriguez , who first tried to pass the child off as her own , allegedly told police that her boyfriend wanted a son and that she could not get pregnant . She had told her boyfriend she was expecting . As her alleged due date drew near , Morales-Rodriguez began to panic and went in search of a pregnant woman , the complaint read . She meant to take the woman 's baby and make it hers . Morales-Rodriguez had not met Ramirez-Cruz prior to last week , when she offered the pregnant woman a ride in her car , according to the complaint . Under the pretext of needing to change her shoes , the defendant drove Ramirez-Cruz to her home , where she hit the victim several times in the head with a baseball bat , the complaint says . After Ramirez-Cruz fell down , Morales-Rodriguez choked her until she was no longer conscious , it says . The defendant then used a knife to cut Ramirez-Cruz 's abdomen , according to the complaint . "  She cut Maritza at the bikini line attempting to duplicate the process she had seen on the Discovery Channel , depicting a cesarean section birth , " it read . When Morales-Rodriguez removed the baby , it was not breathing . She then called 911 and told authorities she had just given birth to a child in the shower . However , an autopsy on the baby , which was between 38 and 42 weeks , revealed it was not the product of a natural birth , but had been cut out by force . Morales-Rodriguez was arrested late last week and remains in custody at the Milwaukee County Jail . CNN affiliate WTMJ said that Ramirez-Cruz was expected to give birth on October 16 . She and her husband had planned to name the child Omar , the network reported .	Annette Morales-Rodriguez faces two homicide counts She is accused of cutting a baby from his mother 's womb Morales-Rodriguez allegedly told police her boyfriend wanted a son She had told him she was pregnant , authorities say
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates arrived in Afghanistan on Monday morning on an unannounced visit , as NATO-led coalition forces are pressing an offensive in the nation 's south . Gates was scheduled to meet with Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan . Coalition forces are battling Taliban fighters around the town of Marjah in southern Helmand province . Dubbed Operation Moshtarak , the offensive was launched in February by an international coalition of 15,000 troops , including Afghans , Americans , Britons , Canadians , Danes and Estonians . Gates told reporters that he was going to Afghanistan to "  get an update on the campaign , not only in Marjah but the next steps as we look to spring , summer and fall . " Long a bastion of pro-Taliban sentiment and awash with the opium used to fund the insurgency , the Marjah region has been known as the heroin breadbasket of Afghanistan and as a place where the Taliban had set up a shadow government . The hope now is for the United States to persuade the locals to change their crops from poppies -- grown to produce opium for the Taliban 's drug trade -- and instead grow crops such as wheat , which can help them survive and provide income as well . Karzai visited Marjah on Sunday with McChrystal to see what gains have been made in the military offensive . Gates arrived in Afghanistan on the same day that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was supposed to have visited . Iranian state-run media reported Monday that Ahmadinejad 's trip had been postponed until mid-March . "  Iran is playing a double game in Afghanistan , " Gates told reporters on the flight to Afghanistan . "  They want to maintain a good relationship with the Afghan government . They also want to do everything they possibly can to hurt us , or for us not to be successful . " Gates said the Tehran government "  will help the Taliban , whether they are providing money " or "  some low level of support . " The United States and its European allies are making a strong pitch to members of the U.N. Security Council for new sanctions that they say will be "  smart and effective " as Iran moves forward with its nuclear program . Those proposed new sanctions reportedly would target Iran 's banking , shipping and insurance sectors . But it 's unclear whether China , a veto-wielding member of the U.N. Security Council , will support the proposals . The United States and other nations think Iran has undertaken a program to build nuclear weapons , an assertion Iran denies , saying the goal of the program is to produce domestic power .	Gates is to meet with Karzai and U.S. Commander Gen. McChrystal Coalition forces are battling Taliban fighters around the town of Marjah in Helmand province Gates arrived on same day as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was due But Iranian officials said Ahmadinejad 's visit had been postponed until mid-March
CNN  -- A candidate in Australia 's parliamentary elections referred to Islam as a country . As a result , she 's now referred to as a former candidate . Stephanie Banister , a 27-year-old welder running for a seat in Rankin , Queensland , unleashed a series of blunders during an interview with CNN affiliate 7 News . "  I do n't oppose Islam as a country , but I do feel that their laws should not be welcome here in Australia , " Banister said . Then she added : "  Less than 2 % of Australians follow haram . " It is unclear whether she meant the Muslim holy book , the Quran . Haram refers to things that are forbidden under Islamic law . As if that 's not enough , she got her religions all mixed up . Australia 's Abbott makes ` suppository of all wisdom ' gaffe "  Jews are n't under haram , they have their own religion which follows Jesus Christ , " she said . Judaism is based on the old testament , which predates the birth of Jesus Christ . Her blunders , though , were not limited to religion . She said the Australian national disability insurance scheme was "  working at the moment . " It is not set to begin until 2016 , according to 7 News . Banister was a candidate for the anti-immigration One Nation party in next month 's elections . The interview gained her worldwide notoriety -- with commentators describing her as the "  Australian Sarah Palin . " Palin , who was on Republican John McCain 's ticket in the 2008 presidential election and is a former governor of Alaska , is known for her blunders . During the campaign , she once cited Russia 's proximity to Alaska as bolstering her foreign policy credentials . It 's unclear when Banister 's interview was aired , but it went viral soon after . She accused the affiliate of editing out numerous phrases where she corrected herself and said "  Islamic countries . " "  With the way Channel Seven edited my interview , I was left quite the fool , " Banister said . On Saturday , the mother of two withdrew from the race , citing threats to her family . Her campaign lasted a total of 48 hours . Opinion : Why gaffes are good for us	Stephanie Banister was a candidate for a seat in Rankin , Queensland Not anymore -- after she made religious and political gaffes She later accused a television station of editing out her comments
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's royal family publicly revealed its finances for the first time Wednesday , as the nation faces an economic crisis and corruption allegations bring increased scrutiny to the monarchy . King Juan Carlos receives 292,752 euros  $ 382,743  annually , the royal palace said in a statement . Prince Felipe , next in line to the throne , receives about half that amount Queen Sofia , Princess Letizia , Infanta Elena and Infanta Cristina received a combined total of 375,000 euros for royal duties  $ 490,274  in 2011 , the palace 's statement said . The announcement comes as a corruption investigation reportedly involving the king 's son-in-law has fueled public criticism of the royal family . Authorities are investigating whether a foundation headed by Inaki Undangarin improperly used public funds , according to media reports . No charges have been filed against Undangarin , a former Olympic handball player who married Infanta Cristina in 1997 . Urdangarin 's attorney , in an interview with Europa Press earlier this month , said his client was innocent . The palace pledged its commitment to austerity and transparency in its statement Wednesday . Spain faces an economic crisis that has brought thousands of protesters to the streets and sparked sharp government austerity measures . About 5 million people in the country are jobless . Spain has an overall unemployment rate of 21.5 % , but it youth unemployment rate is a staggering 45 % . Conservative prime minister sworn in Economic protests surged across Spain over the past year , fueled by young people known as "  indignants , " who criticized government officials and financial institutions . When he took office last week , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said pulling the nation out of its deep economic crisis would be his top priority . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Ana Maria Luengo-Romero and Al Goodman contributed to this report .	A corruption investigation widely reported in Spanish media is fueling criticism of the royal family Spain faces an economic crisis that has sparked sharp government austerity measures King Juan Carlos receives 292,752 euros annually Prince Felipe , next in line to the throne , receives about half that amount
Pakistani police are searching for two youths suspected of shooting a teenage activist for girls ' education and the man they believe drove them to the scene , the country 's interior minister said Sunday . "  The guys who actually made this assassination attempt , they were two young boys , " Rehman Malik said . But he said they were brought to Malala Yousufzai 's hometown of Swat by Atta Ullah Khan , a 23-year-old man identified by police as their primary suspect . Malik said one of the youths distracted the driver of the car that carried Malala , while the other asked a bystander to identify her . "  Obviously they had done their homework , " Malik told CNN in London . "  They had seen the vehicle of Malala going up and down , and accordingly they acted on that . " Messages for Malala Police said last week that they had arrested six men in connection with the shooting , but were still searching for Khan , who was studying for a master 's degree in chemistry . Malik defended the investigation into the shooting , telling CNN , "  Within 24 hours we were in a position to identify almost everybody . " And he rejected calls from some in Pakistan to bring the country 's military to bear on the attackers , saying "  A military solution is not the solution . " The 15-year-old Malala initially gained international attention in 2009 , writing a blog about her life as the Taliban gained a foothold in her home region , in northwest Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan . Taliban leaders claimed responsibility for the shooting , but they do n't appear to have anticipated the level of condemnation it would provoke . Thousands of people in Pakistan and elsewhere have attended rallies and vigils honoring her courage and praying for her recovery . Malik called her "  the pride of Pakistan " and said "  we would love her to come back . " He said police had offered to protect Malala three times before the incident , but her father had refused . He said her entire family would be under guard when they return to Pakistan after her treatment , for which the government will pay . He said that will require two cordons of police -- female officers to surround Malala , with male officers surrounding the female contingent . But he added , "  I assure to the world community that when she goes back , we do have the ability to protect her . " Malik is scheduled to visit Malala on Monday in her hospital in Birmingham , England , where she is recovering from her head wound . He 'll also meet with the foreign ministers of Britain and the United Arab Emirates , which provided the air ambulance that flew Malala to the United Kingdom . Malala was shot at point-blank range while on her way home from school on October 9 . She was flown to Britain six days later . Her father , Ziauddin Yousufzai , visited her in Birmingham last week and described her survival as a "  miracle for us . " Malik said she and her parents can stay in the UK as long as needed , "  until she is fully rehabilitated . " He said she had asked for her school books so she can study for exams , which he said will be given to her when she returns .	Pakistan 's interior minister says teen activist 's assailants were "  two young boys " "  Obviously , they had done their homework , " Malik says Malala Yousufzai is recovering from a head wound in a British hospital Malik calls her "  the pride of Pakistan "
CNN  -- Uganda is one of the poorest countries on earth with an economy based on agriculture but there is one industry that 's booming -- international child adoptions . Extreme poverty combined with one of the world 's highest birth rates is creating a pressure cooker where many children are abandoned or put up for adoption . And there are also fears that as the adoption numbers grow more needs to be done to prevent children being exploited . Children -- sometimes orphans , sometimes just with parents unable to care for them -- find themselves taken into Uganda 's child welfare system . For some this can mean foster care or a temporary home . For others it is the first step on a road that will lead to adoption and a new life . While traditional adoption hotspots are becoming less attractive -- Russia has banned Americans from adopting children , and it can take years to navigate China 's adoption bureaucracy -- Uganda is seen as a quick and easy alternative for prospective parents . Opinion : Russia 's adoption ban harms kids In Uganda , the adoption process can take just a few months to complete . The country is not a signatory to the Hague Convention , a treaty which provides a blueprint for safe international adoptions . Many of the children adopted from Uganda are given a better shot at life overseas - certainly in material terms -- but the speed and ease of the process has many observers worried . Freda Luzinda worked at the U.S. Embassy in Kampala , Uganda , for two years processing adoption visas . She is now the Uganda national director of the A Child 's Voice , an NGO promoting child rights and welfare . She says that many birth parents in Uganda do n't fully understand what adoption actually means and that there is no word for ` adoption ' in the local Luganda language . "  I can say that about 60 % of the birth parents that I spoke to did n't understand adoption , " said Luzinda . Many birth parents do not understand that adoption is permanent . They believe they may get their children back later . These misconceptions are part of the problem , but not the only problem . The rise in Ugandan adoptions over the past few years has created a growing number of orphanages and adoption agencies to meet the demand . "  When I first started processing visas at the embassy ... there were probably between seven and 10 orphanages that were putting children up for adoption . And the numbers grew , and they grew , and they grew . By the time I finished , and this was two years later , we had a count , and we were dealing with about 100 orphanages . " said Luzinda . The explosive growth of the adoption industry in Uganda has fueled fears that children are being exploited for profit and that the best interests of the child is not paramount . "  Orphan creation does happen a lot in Uganda , and this is done by adoption facilitators who will go and scout the slums , find vulnerable families and talk them into giving up their children , " said Luzinda . In the 12 years from 1999-2010 there were just 311 adoptions from Uganda to the U.S. . In 2011 alone -- the last year for which State Department numbers are available -- 207 children were adopted to the U.S. from Uganda . Brothers Zach , age about 4 and Philip , about a year older , have found a loving family in the U.S. but their early life was typical of Uganda 's estimated 2.4 million orphans . Both boys were found abandoned in different places in Kampala , both were left in conspicuous places and both were found by police officers . Now Zach and Philip have a new life in the U.S. , both are in school and having loving new parents . In 2008 , they were adopted by Lisa and Tague Harding of Minnesota through the Amani Baby Cottage , one of the respected , religiously-affiliated orphanages . "  There is always a tragedy at the beginning of a story that makes adoption a necessary step , " said Lisa . As their children grew up and left home , the Hardings saw an opportunity to provide a stable home for children who would otherwise grow up in poverty . Internet reveals secrets of ` closed ' adoptions , report says The Hardings became interested in international adoption after traveling to Uganda with a church group . "  I love that in our faith , adoption is part of the story -- that Baby Moses was adopted and there was Samuel in the Bible that was adopted and baby Jesus . Joseph was not his birth father . " said Lisa . Danyne Randolph Bharj , director of the Amani Baby Cottage , understands the fears concerning the exploitation of children , but says that given the options for Ugandan children , in many cases adoption is the best solution . "  I do n't think it 's right to say the West is the way to save Uganda at all . I do n't think that 's the answer . But I think if there 's people in the West that can give these children a family when no one else can , I do think it 's more important , " said Bharj . But James Kabogoza , assistant commissioner of Children 's Affairs for the Ugandan Government , feels that Ugandan children should stay in Uganda . "  It 's not right what they are doing . I know for them they get something out of it , but it 's also wrong to defraud parents and Ugandans of their children , " he said . Kabogoza 's fear is that by leaving Uganda , many of these orphans will lose sight of their cultural identity . He also believes that regardless of the circumstances , many of these children would be better off with their birth parents . "  That is the biggest thing that ever happens to a child . If the child remains with the family , they are able to grow up with them , "  said Kabogoza . He added : " know they feel what is done in America and what is proper in America is a better life . But you could provide that better life to the child here , within the family ... You can change the life of that child within the family here , if you support them . " Zach and Philip ' adopted father , Tague Harding , understands that his sons will lose some of their cultural heritage by growing up in the United States , but he also sees the advantages . "  It 's better that Ugandan orphans stay in Uganda as much as possible but perhaps by us bringing two boys home or other people bringing Ugandan children back internationally , we can raise awareness to say , there is a need . " Lisa Desai , Sarah Gross , Yasmeen Qureshi of Three Strands Media produced "  Adopting Africa " for CNN . The film was made possible with funding from The African Child Policy Forum .	International adoptions from Uganda are rising The country is not a signatory to the treaty offering a blueprint for international adoptions One rights worker says many vulnerable children are at risk Others say international adoptions give the children a better life
DOVER , Delaware  CNN  -- It was a very public goodbye for Joe Biden on Friday as the Delaware senator addressed the deployment ceremony of his son 's National Guard unit as they prepare to leave for a tour of duty in Iraq . Democratic vice presidential candidate Joe Biden addresses the deployment ceremony Friday . Following Thursday night 's debate with Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in St. Louis , Missouri , Biden flew back to Delaware to spend the day with his 39-year-old son before his deployment to Iraq . Beau Biden -- a captain in the National Guard and Delaware 's attorney general -- will be a trial counselor in the 261st Signal Brigade , a unit that specializes in providing communications for the military in Iraq . "  I 've come here many times before as a Delawarean , as a United States senator , " he told a crowd in Dover . "  But today I come , as you prepare to deploy , as a father -- a father who had some sage advice from his son this morning : ` Dad , keep it short , we 're in formation . ' " "  My heart is full of love and pride . ... You are the best demonstration of both our nation 's greatness and ... our people 's goodness , " he added . Watch more of Biden 's comments " Biden joined the rest of Delaware 's congressional delegation and the state 's Gov. Ruth Ann Minner in speaking to the 110 members of the unit . "  Let me simply say , thank you , thank you for answering the call of your country . ... So stay strong , stand together , serve honorably ... may God bless you and may he protect you , " Biden added , later saluting the crowd . Beau Biden does n't ship out right away . Instead , he heads to Fort Bliss , Texas , this weekend , where his National Guard unit completes assigned tasks and receives additional training specific to the conditions in Iraq . Then , in six to eight weeks , they ship out to Iraq . Despite increased interest and security because Biden is now a vice presidential nominee , the public affairs officer for the unit had insisted the ceremony would be no different , and not political . Lt. Col. Len Grattieri said Wednesday that the last time Biden -- who has often spoken at deployment ceremonies -- addressed a departing unit was 18 months ago , and that he usually roots his remarks in foreign policy , offering his perspective on the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . Grattieri could n't say where Beau Biden will be based , but his role will be that of a prosecutor enforcing the Uniform Code of Military Justice . He added that positions are n't clearly defined , and the unit will do whatever the Army needs it to . In the past week , Biden had been trying to balance debate prep with family time . On Tuesday afternoon , he took a break and went out to lunch with Beau , Beau 's wife , Hallie , and the couple 's young daughter . Aides say it 's been a tough week for Biden , with Beau 's departure weighing on him . Biden said in an interview Tuesday that he is proud of his son , but wishes he were n't going . Palin , along with Biden , brought up their respective sons ' deployment to Iraq during the debate . Palin 's son Track , 19 , an infantry soldier , was deployed to Iraq with his Army unit September 11 . Palin spoke at her eldest son 's deployment ceremony in Alaska , which honored the 4,000 Alaska-based troops to be deployed from Fort Wainwright to Iraq in the coming weeks . Track Palin , who was standing in formation among members of the 1st Stryker Brigade 's 25th Infantry Division at Fort Wainwright , went unmentioned by the governor in her brief remarks . Palin had agreed to speak at the deployment ceremony several months ago , before she was tapped as Sen. John McCain 's running mate . Though the speech was n't a political event -- media credentials were issued by the military base -- that did n't stop dozens of national reporters and photographers from descending on the military base in Fairbanks , home to nearly 12,000 soldiers and their families . "  As you depart today , " Palin told the infantrymen , "  do n't mind us -- your parents , your friends , your family -- if we allow for a few tears , or if we hold you just a little close once more before you 're gone . Because were going to miss you . We ca n't help it . We are going to miss you . " Palin said victory in Iraq is "  within sight . " "  You and others like you will be there to see the mission through , " she said . "  You will be there to win . You will see victory . Track Palin signed up to join the Army on September 11 , 2007 . During his 12-month deployment , his unit will protect reconstruction teams that are rebuilding the country , said Maj. Chris Hyde , the public affairs officer for the brigade . Hyde , who called Track Palin "  a low-profile individual , " said he had not heard any security concerns about having the son of a prominent political figure in the brigade . "  The decision to put him in that role was made before Gov. Palin was picked by McCain , " he said . "  If anything comes down from headquarters , we will comply , but I would n't even want to speculate . I would n't say yes or no . That 's just my opinion . We will do well with Track Palin whether he 's there or he 's not . " CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Alexander Marquardt contributed to this report .	Joe Biden speaks at his son 's deployment ceremony in Delaware Beau Biden is a National Guard captain and Delaware 's AG Biden tells the crowd : "  My heart is full of love and pride " Sarah Palin 's son , Track , was deployed to Iraq on September 11
CNN  -- Wichita was under a tornado emergency late Saturday as a large twister , part of a series of severe storms in the Great Plains , moved through south-central Kansas and threatened to destroy homes . The "  confirmed large and extremely dangerous tornado was located just east of Conway Springs and moving northeast at 35 mph , " toward the Wichita area , the National Weather Service reported Saturday night . "  This is a particularly dangerous situation . " Major damage to houses and buildings were likely , "  and complete destruction possible , " the weather agency said . But by 10 p.m.  11 p.m. ET  , Kansas authorities had reported no serious damages . Earlier in the day , a possible tornado struck a hospital Saturday evening in Creston , Iowa , according to a dispatcher with the Union County Sheriff 's Department . A search-and-rescue operation was under way . "  We have been hit . We are triaging and moving patients , " a spokeswoman at Greater Regional Medical Center in the south-central Iowa city confirmed . City Council member Randy White told CNN he was aware of no serious injuries . "  A lot of windows have been broken out and some cars have been flipped over . We ca n't see a lot right now because the power is out . " A temporary hospital was set up at Southwestern Community College , White said . The region had more than 80 preliminary tornado reports by 10:30 p.m. ET Saturday , according to CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , though some of those reports could be of the same twister . Most were in rural areas and damage was reported to be relatively minor , including downed trees and power lines and minor flooding . Across the south and central Plains , storm chasers broadcast images of funnel clouds roaring through rural landscapes . Residents in some high-risk areas received new warnings intended to grab their attention and prompt them to find safe shelter . In Kansas , Gov. Sam Brownback issued this advisory : "  If you 're on the road , get off as soon as you can and find some shelter . " Are you there ? Share videos , pictures and stories The tornado outbreak had been predicted by forecasters , who said there was a "  high risk " of severe thunderstorms into Sunday in portions of Nebraska , Iowa , Kansas and Oklahoma . More than 5 million people live in those at-risk areas . A tornado touchdown was reported near Medicine Lodge , Kansas , and a large tornado advanced on Salina , Kansas , just before sundown . The National Weather Service 's Wichita office , taking part in an experimental warning system , used graphic terms to warn residents of potential harm . The warnings are used by media outlets . Residents near Brookville , Kansas , for example , were told "  major house and building damage was likely and complete destruction was possible . " Des Moines , Iowa , National Weather Service meteorologist Roger Vachalek said residents in the area should be prepared for high winds and possible tornadoes and hail overnight . Two or three possible tornadoes were already sighted . About 16,000 MidAmerican Energy customers in the Des Moines area lost power . At least four apparent tornadoes were reported near Dodge City , in southwestern Kansas , officials said . Two were reported in Rush County . "  It 's been an interesting day , " said meteorologist Mike Scott , adding severe storms arrived earlier than expected . Forecasters said a "  dry line " colliding with moist Gulf air was making for dangerous conditions . A dry line is a boundary that separates warm , moist air from dry desert air . "  Everything west of that line is very dry and is associated with downsloping winds , " Scott said . Four active tornado warnings and four tornado watches were in effect Saturday evening in the region . Two of the watches that extend from Iowa and Nebraska south into Kansas and Oklahoma are "  Particularly Dangerous Situation " watches , meaning there is a significant chance of long-track , damaging tornadoes . The tornado threat may increase as storms move through more populated areas such as Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; Wichita ; Omaha , Nebraska ; Des Moines , Iowa ; and Kansas City , Missouri . Tennis-ball-sized hail and winds of up to 60 miles per hour were reported in Nebraska 's Antelope and Boone counties , said Mike Moritz of the National Weather Service office in Hastings , Nebraska . Tornado reports came in from Hardy and Deshler , Nebraska , and Tipton , Kansas . None was a long-track tornado . Rick Smith , warning coordination meteorologist in the agency 's Norman , Oklahoma , office , said a line of supercell thunderstorms stretched Saturday afternoon from northwestern Oklahoma to the Texas Panhandle . A tornado formed in Woodward , Oklahoma , Smith told CNN . A brief touchdown was reported . "  This is just the beginning of what could be a long afternoon and night , and people should pay attention to warnings , " Smith said . No injuries had been reported in Oklahoma by mid-evening Saturday . According to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris , "  high risk " areas could possibly endure EF3 to EF5 tornadoes , packing winds of 136 mph or stronger . CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said the Interstate 35 corridor -- from Oklahoma City to Wichita -- was among the most threatened areas . An elevated severe thunderstorm "  moderate " threat extended from northern Nebraska , southward into the tip of northern Texas . This includes Tulsa , Oklahoma , and Kansas City , Missouri . A "  slight " risk area extended all the way from Texas to southwestern Wisconsin . A severe thunderstorm is defined by the National Weather Service as a thunderstorm that produces at least one or more of the following : winds of at least 58 mph , hail 1 inch in diameter and tornadoes . The predicted severe storms come as five National Weather Service offices in Missouri and Kansas are conducting an experiment on how to better convey risks from tornadoes and severe storms . The "  impact based " warning test , which began earlier this month , comes on the heels of the May 22-27 Midwest/Southeast tornado outbreak , including a tornado that killed 158 people in Joplin , Missouri . The National Weather Service is ratcheting up its efforts to combat complacency , with the help of graphic terms to ensure people find safe shelter . A tornado is confirmed , on average , only once for every four formal warnings . Forecasters in the test area will continue issuing traditional tornado warnings , but for "  significant " and "  catastrophic " scenarios , they can add information at the bottom of the warnings issued to media outlets . When a storm has the potential to cause "  significant " damage , meteorologists may include terms such as "  major house and building damage likely , " "  complete destruction possible " or "  major power outages in path of tornado highly likely . " In a "  catastrophic " outlook , descriptions may include "  This is a life-threatening situation , " "  You could be killed if not underground or in a tornado shelter , " or "  complete destruction of entire neighborhoods likely . " CNN 's Rob Marciano reported from Oklahoma and Kansas . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras , Nick Valencia and Greg Morrison reported from Atlanta .	NEW : A "  confirmed large and extremely dangerous tornado " strikes Kansas The tornado is moving toward Wichita , Kansas A possible tornado hits hospital in Iowa ; no serious injuries reported Kansas and Missouri forecasters are testing graphic warnings
CNN  Most Indian cities are busy with cluttered streets , winding and hidden alleyways -- every postman 's nightmare . Informal structures stand side by side with formal ones making navigation challenging -- even for locals -- and these cities are only going to keep sprawling , fast . By some estimates , the country 's urban population alone will surpass 500-million by 2030 : almost double the entire population of the US . Zippr 's Aditya Vuchi hopes to fix the broken postal format in India 's exploding economy . CNN : Why do you think India needs a service like Zippr ? Aditya Vuchi : Newer localities , newer cities are now coming up much faster than even the postal department is able to keep up with . As a result , large parts of India today do n't have structured addresses . CNN : There are often no building numbers or street names . How will Zippr tackle this ? AV : It solves the problem of explaining your address in a complicated way . We have mobile applications -- Android and IOS -- as well as on the web , where you go on to the app . Point on your map where your home or office is , give all your address information one time including landmarks , and the system generates a Zippr code . That short 8-character unique code can then be shared with others , taking users to an exact location on Google Maps with directions . CNN : More than 80 per cent of India 's population still lives in an offline world of SMS messages and phone calls . How will Zippr reach these potential customers ? AV : Going forward , we 're going to enable finding out an address via SMS channels where you text a Zippr code to a number and get an automatic response back with the full address , as well as directions to get there . CNN : How many people do you think the service has the scope to reach ? AV : The vision that we are chasing at Zippr is to impact a billion lives . We feel that we have a serious shot at making lives so much better in India .	Many sprawling Indian cities have problems defining exact locations Zippr is offering a solution for businesses in need of a specific address The app generates a unique code , which will enable the postal service to find users
iReporter Kenny Zhu visited North Korea in April and was able to take video footage and photos with his Google Glass during the trip  the complete iReport is here  . Zhu , wearing Google Glass , said he encountered curiosity from officials and was inspected before he was allowed to take pictures with his wearable camera/computer device . "  At the first sight they were able to tell it is a photography device . But without Internet -- no Internet service available for temporary foreign visitors in North Korea , the glasses are just a wearable video camera , " says Zhu . "  They were suspicious of the Google Glass at first though , asking me some questions about it -- how it work , what does it do , etc. . I let them played around with it and they seemed flattered and inquired no more , " says Zhu . Got Google Glass ? Send an iReport A DPRK official actually accidentally recorded himself while toying with the Glass but Zhu did n't upload the photos in case there might be consequences , for them or himself . Here are the things that stood out to him the most during the trip , in his words : 1 . North Korea was using Samsung  a South Korean multinational electronics company  Air Conditioner at the DMZ  Korean Demilitarized Zone  . But 99 % of the air conditioners and fridges I saw are Chinese-branded . 2 . The highway was extremely bumpy and I saw a decent amount of North Koreans digging -- apparently -- wild vegetables for food on both sides of the highway . 3 . I met more foreigners than I expected in North Korea . Actually there were quite a few foreign  non-Asian  tour groups . I also met some Egyptians walking freely in Pyongyang . MORE : North Korea travel app opens country to armchair travelers 4 . A tour guide asked me sincerely , "  Is South Korea better than North or not ? " but he refused to look at the photos I took while I was in South Korea . 5 . Here are some recaps of the conversation between me and the tour guide : The guide could n't believe Seoul has more than 12 subway lines , has never heard of Kim Jong-un 's "  study abroad in Switzerland " experience and was surprised when hearing that the daughter of Xi Jinping was studying in the States . He knew way too -LSB- little -RSB- about Kim 's wife , had heard about China 's corruption but not the Sewol ferry accident . He visited China once and found out China had serious pollution issues . 6 . Apple or Sony ? Another guide asked us . READ : Touring North Korea : What 's real , what 's fake ? 7 . The visitors/tourists from the Chinese government dropped significantly after the Chinese government called for its officials to curb public consumption and avoid extravagance , according to the tour guide . 8 . There was no button for 5/F at the Yanggakdo Hotel . 9 . Automobiles I saw in North Korea are mostly Chinese  approximately 60 %  -- Chery , JAC Motors , Dongfeng and King Long . About 20 % are Japanese cars like Nissan and Toyota , 5 % DPRK brand Pyeonghwa , 5 % South Korea 's Hyundai and 10 % other cars like Benz etc. . MORE : How to travel to North Korea 10 . It only costs Chinese about RMB3 ,000  $ 500  to visit North Korea but the very same trip might cost a U.S. passport holder about $ 3,000 .	iReporter Kenny Zhu was allowed to capture North Korea using Google Glass Zhu made some observations after the trip -- at the DMZ , they use South Korean brand , Samsung 's air con South Korea or North Korea ? Sony or Apple ? Questions the tour guides asked Zhu
CNN  -- Overwhelmed doctors frantically scurried over the weekend to help scores of patients left "  dying on the floor " amid a punishing air assault on the northern Syrian city of Aleppo . "  There was a big massacre today , " Dr. Ammar Zakaria told CNN via Skype on Sunday from the country 's largest city and rebel stronghold . "  We were treating shrapnel wounds , deep abdominal and brain injuries . I just lost count of the amputations . " The Syrian government continued to relentlessly fire on rebel-held sections of the city after days of continued air raids . The city has been targeted for more than a week by helicopters carrying so-called barrel bombs -- drums packed with explosives and shrapnel . The bombs can level entire buildings with one hit . "  A lot of victims died before arriving to the hospital . Many were inside the hospital , and we did n't have the resources to help all the cases , " added Zakaria , detailing the bloody aftermath . "  We did n't have enough beds to help them all . People were dying on the floor . " With medical supplies spread thin , each anxiety-filled second was spent suturing the fine line between life and death . Images taken by Zakaria show a mangled ambulance stopped in its path and doctors operating in pools of blood , watching children cling to their last breath through a breathing tube . "  In Aleppo , there is a huge influx of wounded in local hospitals ... less and less security and more bombing on civilian areas , " Simon Schorno , Syria spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross , told CNN by phone from Damascus . The Syrian government said the operations are targeting "  terrorist groups " in neighborhoods of Aleppo , saying "  scores of terrorists were killed and others were wounded , " according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . Hundreds have been killed since the bombing began . At least half a million people have been wounded across the country , and millions remain displaced and tens of thousands detained , according to the ICRC . On Sunday alone , 166 people were killed across the country , 92 in Aleppo , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations says more than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since 2011 . "  Supplies of food and other basic necessities are running dangerously short , especially in besieged areas , " said Magne Barth , head of the ICRC delegation in Syria . Schorno described difficult conditions for delivering aid . "  We do n't get the necessary authorizations to get in . The government needs to green-light our movements through the checkpoints and we have to go in on foot , and we can not do that under current conditions , " Schorno added . The death toll continues to mount as misery for the millions of displaced is exacerbated by the record cold temperatures across the Middle East . The hospital has become home for many Syrian doctors like Zakaria . "  We live in the hospitals because we can not expect the timing of the shelling ; we have to be ready all the time . "	Hundreds have been killed in Aleppo in recent days , opposition group says Doctors operate while standing in pools of blood covering the white floors A barrel bomb assault on the rebel-held city began more than a week ago
CNN  -- Police are still searching for a Norman Rockwell painting that disappeared from a Queens storage warehouse in September . The oil on canvas painting , "  Sport , " shows a man in a rowboat wearing a yellow raincoat , holding a fishing pole . The image was published on the cover of The Saturday Evening Post in 1939 . The painting disappeared from a WelPak Art Moving and Storage unit at 58-60 Grand Avenue in Maspeth . Police said the painting was being stored awaiting shipment to its owner . Neither NYPD nor Sotheby 's would identify the owner of the painting . The painting sold for $ 1,085,000 at a Sotheby 's auction of American Art in New York on May 22 . It was sold from a private collection in Birmingham , Alabama , and before that was owned by the Hildebrandt family of Westchester County . Signed by Rockwell on the lower right , the painting is approximately 22 by 28 inches and framed in gold wood . Anyone with any information about the missing painting should contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS  8477  . The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website or by texting their tips to 274637  CRIMES  and entering TIP577 .	Rockwell 's "  Sport " has been missing from Queens warehouse since September It shows a man in a rowboat wearing a yellow raincoat , holding a fishing pole Police are seeking tips , asking public to alert Crime Stoppers
CNN  -- Two people died Wednesday when a car crashed into the front entrance of a Laughlin , Nevada , casino , police said . The silver car crashed into the Edgewater Casino about 9:30 a.m. , said Barbara Morgan , spokeswoman for Las Vegas Metropolitan Police . Clark County Fire Department spokesman Scott Allison said the driver , an elderly man , was not one of the fatalities . Both victims were patrons sitting at a large bank of slot machines at the front of the casino , he said . Five people , including the driver , were taken to hospitals , Allison said . He described one as "  a major injury " with multiple fractures . Five others were treated on the scene and released , he said . Allison said authorities suspect that the driver may have had "  a medical episode " that caused the crash . Witnesses said the car was traveling at a high speed when it hit the building , Morgan said . Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were at the scene , she said , because the department has a substation in Laughlin , about 70 miles southeast of the city . The casino is on a highway known as "  the second strip , " in reference to the Las Vegas Strip . CNN 's Sara Pratley and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Silver car hits front entrance of Edgewater Casino in Laughlin Victims were sitting at bank of slot machines inside casino Elderly driver might have had "  medical episode , " authorities say
London  CNN  -- They 've long been man 's best friend , but now dogs with one British police force can hound criminals in a new way thanks to "  FidoCam , " a digital video camera that straps to the canine 's head . Staffordshire Police says it is the first force in the country to use the new technology with its dogs . The hi-tech digital camera will send back pictures to a color monitor watched by the dog 's handlers . "  This bit of kit is fantastic -- it attaches to the dog 's head and we can get a live view of what they are seeing , " said Insp. Chris Dawson , of Staffordshire Police 's Dog Support Unit . See another British police force attempting to transform canines into tech-savvy dogs The cameras will be particularly useful when canine crimefighters are sent into places where it 's unsafe or difficult for their human counterparts to go . "  For example , when searching for a dangerous person we can send the dog into a building with the camera to search for them , when they indicate a find by barking we will be able to see exactly what or who they have found , " said Dawson . "  It will also be extremely useful when searching difficult or inaccessible areas for missing people -- a dog can make its way through dense woodland and undergrowth very quickly . While the handler will maintain verbal contact with the dog this camera will allow them to search vast areas a lot faster . " Blog : Canines crimefighters -- when a dog is n't a dog Fleeing suspects who are pursued by a police dog may also find their efforts to escape are caught on film . Police dogs have previously been equipped with analogue cameras with a limited range but the new technology will mean they can send back a much clearer image from further away , police said . The footage can be recorded and used as evidence in court , police said . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	The digital video camera is strapped on to the dog 's head Staffordshire Police handlers can watch the footage live via a monitor The dogs can send back high quality images from dangerous or difficult locations "  This camera will allow them to search vast areas a lot faster , " says a police dog handler
CNN  -- Packaging can change how people see things . And when it comes to sex , it could maybe help save lives too . The Center for African Family Studies  CAFS  , a Nairobi-based international NGO , has teamed up with Kenyan artist Michael Soi to create an eye-catching condom line with pop art-inspired packaging to promote safe sex and raise awareness about HIV/AIDS . The group has turned to crowdsourcing website Indiegogo to raise funds for its campaign , which aims to encourage condom usage among local youth in a country where an estimated 1.6 million people struggle with HIV/AIDS . "  They were giving out free condoms when I went to the HIV conference in Cape Town recently , " says CAFS director of operations Jonathan Spangler . "  These condoms were brightly colored , like nothing seen in Kenya -- glow in the dark , different flavors , different prints . We put a picture of them on Facebook and we had youth calling us up asking where they could purchase them , " he adds . "  We 've never had that sort of reaction to CAFS programs . So we said why do n't we try produce our own condom line because there seems to be a market . We want to innovate and create new programming that is sustainable and even generates income for the youth , " he adds . . Stigma vs. safety HIV/AIDS continues to be one of the most prominent public health obstacles many African countries face today . In recent years , the disease -- which had reached epidemic proportions -- has started to decline in Kenya as a result of stronger public awareness campaigns and the impact of local education programs . While the outlook is positive , campaigners say more needs to be done to continue to reduce the threat of HIV/AIDS in the country -- a start could be made by tackling the stigma surrounding the purchase of condoms . "  Most people are actually very afraid of going to vendors in supermarkets and chemists to buy condoms because we are a fairly reserved society , " explains Genevieve Imbali , communications and marketing officer at CAFS . "  Most people are n't very open to the idea that very young people might walk into a shop just to buy condoms because nobody wants to be known to be having sex ... There is so much stigma associated with condom purchase in the country . " Eye-catching designs To address this , the bright packaging of CAFS ' colored condoms is specifically designed to disguise the product inside . Imbali explains that by making condoms less obvious , more people will be willing to buy them . She also says that the condoms currently available in the country are either too expensive or low quality -- issues , she claims , will be tackled with the CAFS condom line . "  For the condoms that are given out for free at schools , the youth still do not take them , " argues Imbali . "  They look at them and think : ` You know what , you are giving this for free but they are not good quality . ' So they 'd probably just have unprotected sex rather than use the ones that are easily accessible . " Collaborating with artists But getting an artist to agree to provide designs for the packaging became a struggle . Many did n't want their work associated with sex and CAFS hit a roadblock -- until they met with Michael Soi . The Nairobi-based artist is well-known for his bold , but often controversial , themes placed within his paintings . Unafraid to shy away from taboo subjects like sex and interracial relationships , Soi was more than happy to collaborate with the NGO . "  I felt like everybody is basically trying to deal with this whole issue -- HIV , unwanted pregnancies -- and when I talk about everybody I mean the church is doing whatever they can , the government is doing whatever they can , " says Soi . "  I felt the project was a good thing . I wanted to try to chip in and create something that would help fight a good fight , " he says . Soi explains that sex is n't discussed openly and that as a result many young people learn about the dangers of unprotected sex the hard way -- through experience . However , he does believe awareness is increasing and he hopes his work will continue to change attitudes surrounding sex in Kenya . "  I think it 's important to try and play a part and make sure that people will not go through the same mistakes as what my generation has gone through . " READ THIS : How medics saved lives at Westgate READ THIS : Tales of triumph from a top surgeon	Kenyan youth face social stigmas purchasing condoms , according to the Center for African Family Studies in Nairobi The NGO has launched a crowdfunding campaign to start a line of pop art condoms They say putting art on packaging disguises condoms and encourages safe sex
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A crowd of about 10,000 came to Dodger Stadium on Saturday , but they were n't there for a baseball game . Job seeker Eric Clardy , right , shakes hands with recruiter Raul Mendez from L.A. County Probation Department . While the Dodgers were in Arizona for spring training , more than 80 employers set up employment booths in the parking lot just beyond the center field fence . To those who turned out , finding a job would be a home run . Participating companies included Coca-Cola , Lowe 's and Union Bank . And government agencies including the FBI , the Social Security Administration and the Army Corps of Engineers were there , too . All had one thing in common : They were hiring . And that was music to the ears of 30-year-old Eric Clardy . It has been a rough couple of years for Clardy . He was laid off from his job as a loan processor when the real estate market started to tank . Then , after finding work as a project manager for a plumbing company , layoffs struck again . "  It 's kind of like , get the job now so you can pay your bills , then start towards the career that you really want , " he said . Clardy said his goal is to make contact with at least 10 potential employers a day via phone , letters and the Internet . Being unemployed is hard work , too . Watch how Clardy goes about trying to find a job " "  It was a scramble , " Clardy said . "  I was selling insurance , doing temp jobs , going to job fairs . " The city of Los Angeles and the California Employment Development Department organized Saturday 's event , which they said drew about 10,000 people . Earlier this month , a two-day job fair to fill some 500 part-time jobs at the stadium during baseball season drew about 7,000 applicants . California 's unemployment rate is 10.1 percent , a full 2 percentage points higher than the national rate . The state 's Employment Development office estimates that nearly a half-million state residents have lost their jobs in the past year . "  We are not seeing as many job opportunities as we saw a year ago , " said Gloria Bratton Moore , who runs the state-funded Work Source job center in Los Angeles . Nonetheless , she said , "  There are jobs available . " But at Dodger Stadium , it was clear that competition for those available jobs is stiff . Applicants were often stacked four and five people deep in front of employer tables , and there was little chance for most of the 10,000 job seekers to make much of an impression . But organizers worked hard to pump up any flagging spirits . "  Yes we can . Yes we can , " Los Angeles School Board member Monica Garcia chanted over a loudspeaker . State lawmaker Kevin deLeon told the crowd that they are among the nation 's hardest-hit in this economic downturn , but he exhorted them to not give up . "  We will get out of this economic funk , " he said . "  We will recover soon . We 've got to have hope . " Garcia and deLeon 's comments echoed the campaign slogans of President Obama , who recently won approval of a nearly $ 800 billion economic stimulus package . Recruiters from the government agencies present at the job fair said that money will start creating jobs within the next few months . The Army Corps of Engineers told applicants that it is hiring for a wide variety of positions , including those for engineers , heavy-equipment operators and environmental field workers . The Commerce Department is adding more than 1 million jobs in preparation of the 2010 census , and other federal agencies are hiring as well . All of that was good news to Clardy , who left resumes and filled out applications at a number of the 80 booths cluttering the stadium 's parking lot . But he remained realistic about this day 's activities leading directly to a job . "  It seemed like a couple of years ago , the job fair was really your first interview , " he said . "  Now it does n't seem like that . Some companies are not even taking resumes at the job fairs anymore . "	Eighty employers set up booths in parking lot of Dodger Stadium Thousands vie for time with representatives from companies , government agencies California 's unemployment rate of 10.2 percent is higher than nation 's Head of state-funded job center in Los Angeles : "  There are jobs available "
CNN  -- Cyclist Lance Armstrong will not cooperate with the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's investigation of performance-enhancing drug use in the sport , an Armstrong attorney said Wednesday . USADA had given Armstrong -- who publicly admitted such drug use last month -- until Wednesday to decide whether he would cooperate under oath with investigators as part of a possible path to altering his USADA-imposed lifetime competition ban . "  Lance will not participate in USADA 's efforts to selectively conduct American prosecutions that only demonize selected individuals while failing to address the 95 % of the sport over which USADA has no jurisdiction , " Armstrong attorney Tim Herman said in a written statement Wednesday . USADA CEO Travis Tygart issued a statement Wednesday saying that "  over the last few weeks  Armstrong  has led us to believe that he wanted to come in and assist USADA , but was worried of potential criminal and civil liability if he did so . " "  Today we learned from the media that Mr. Armstrong is choosing not to come in and be truthful and that he will not take the opportunity to work toward righting his wrongs in sport , " Tygart said . "  At this time we are moving forward with our investigation without him and we will continue to work closely with  the World Anti-Doping Agency  and other appropriate and responsible international authorities to fulfill our promise to clean athletes to protect their right to compete on a drug-free playing field . " Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles by international cycling 's governing body in October after a damning report by USADA accused him and his team of the "  most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " in cycling history . He first admitted using performance-enhancing drugs and blood doping during a January television interview with Oprah Winfrey . The USADA banned Armstrong , 41 , for life but said the ban could be reduced to eight years if he cooperated under oath with investigators . Armstrong 's competitive cycling career is long over , but he moved on to triathlons and won several of them in 2012 . The agency initially gave Armstrong a February 6 deadline before extending it by two weeks . CNN 's Jason Morris , Wayne Sterling and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Agency had given cyclist until Wednesday to decide whether he would cooperate under oath Armstrong 's lifetime competition ban could have been altered had he cooperated Cyclist was stripped of Tour de France titles after drug and blood-doping accusations
CNN  -- Imagine a world in which every major company in America flew hundreds of thousands of drones overhead , 24 hours a day , seven days a week , 365 days a year , collecting data on what Americans were doing down below . It 's a chilling thought that would engender howls of outrage . Now imagine that millions of Americans walk around each day wearing the equivalent of a drone on their head : a device capable of capturing video and audio recordings of everything that happens around them . And imagine that these devices upload the data to large-scale commercial enterprises that are able to collect the recordings from each and every American and integrate them together to form a minute-by-minute tracking of the activities of millions . That is almost precisely the vision of the future that lies directly ahead of us . Not , of course , with wearable drones but with wearable Internet-connected equipment . This new technology -- whether in the form of glasses or watches -- may unobtrusively capture video data in real time , store it in the cloud and allow for it to be analyzed . The pros and cons of surveillance cameras Some will say these new devices are no different from existing technology , like handheld video cameras or iPhones with audio recording functions . But there 's a huge distinction . The emerging new technology is not designed with significant storage capacity . Instead , its default mode is for all data to be automatically uploaded to cloud servers , where aggregation and back-end analytic capacity resides . So , who owns and what happens to the user 's data ? Can the entire database be mined and analyzed for commercial purposes ? What rules will apply when law enforcement seeks access to the data for a criminal or national security investigation ? For how long will the data be retained ? As some members of the Supreme Court recognized last year when they considered the use of only a single stream of data -- GPS location -- creating a life stream of data points paints a mosaic picture of a person 's actions and habits . Who owns that mosaic ? Service providers may argue that the terms of service approved by customers will set limitations on how their collected data can be used . But even if customers can truly make informed decisions about the storage and handling of such data , they have no right to consent to the use of data that is collected about passersbys whom they record , intentionally or not . Snap a photo by winking your eye ? Ubiquitous street video streaming will capture images of many people who have n't volunteered to have their images collected , collated and analyzed . Even those who might be willing to forgo some degree of privacy to enhance national security should be concerned about a corporate America that will have an unrestricted continuous video record of millions . What is to prevent a corporation from targeting a particular individual , using face recognition technology to assemble all uploaded videos in which he appears , and effectively constructing a surveillance record that can be used to analyze his life ? Opinion : Surveillance state no answer to terror Concerns like this have motivated at least one bar owner to ban Google Glass from the premises . The proprietor thinks that continuous observation of patrons in the bar will strip them of their anonymity and put a damper on their spontaneity . In other words , why go to a bar when someone there is wearing a device that may be recording your every bad joke after you 've had too many drinks ? Maybe the market can take care of this problem . But the likely pervasiveness of this type of technology convinces me that government must play a regulatory role . Before we get too far down this road of ubiquitous surveillance , real-time upload and comprehensive analytics by cloud providers , we should pause to consider the implications . We need to consider what rights consumers have , and what rights nonparticipant third parties should have . We need to be judicious in how to balance innovation with privacy . The Federal Trade Commission and Congress need to take a look at this new technology before it becomes common . The new data collection platforms right in front of us are much more likely to affect our lives than is the prospect of drones overhead surveilling American citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Chertoff .	Michael Chertoff : A world in which drones fly overhead 24/7 is a chilling thought Chertoff : Imagine wearing the equivalent of a surveillance drone on your head everyday He says instead of wearable drones , we will have wearable glasses or watches Chertoff : These devices can record and store valuable data about us ; will we lose privacy ?
CNN  -- With military pomp and traditional rituals , South Africa buried Nelson Mandela on Sunday , the end of an exceptional journey for the prisoner turned president who transformed the nation . Mandela was laid to rest in his childhood village of Qunu . Tribal leaders clad in animal skins joined dignitaries in dark suits at the grave site overlooking the rolling green hills . As pallbearers walked toward the site after a funeral ceremony , helicopters whizzed past dangling the national flag . Cannons fired a 21-gun salute , its echoes ringing over the quiet village . Mandela 's widow , Graca Machel , dabbed her eyes with a handkerchief as she watched the proceedings . "  Yours was truly a long walk to freedom . Now you have achieved the ultimate freedom in the bosom of God , your maker , " an officiator at the grave site said . Military pallbearers gently removed the South African flag that draped the coffin and handed it to President Jacob Zuma , who gave it to Mandela 's family . At the request of the family , the lowering of the casket was closed to the media . A peek into Mandela 's memorial garden abloom with symbolism The funeral ceremony Before making their way to the grave site , mourners attended a service in a tent set up at the family compound . They wept , sang and danced in what has become a familiar celebration of his life . Mandela 's coffin , draped in his country 's flag , lay atop black and white cattle skins in front of a crescent of 95 candles , each marking a year of his life . As the national anthem "  Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika " or "  God Bless Africa " drifted over the village , a giant picture of Mandela looked down with a smile . Mourners placed their fists on their chests , some with tears streaming down their faces . "  Today marks the end of an extraordinary journey that began 95 years ago , " Zuma said during the ceremony . "  It is the end of 95 glorious years of a freedom fighter ... a beacon of hope to all those fighting for a just and equitable world order . " The president thanked Mandela 's family for sharing him with the world and said his memory will live on . "  We shall not say goodbye , for you are not gone , " Zuma said . "  You 'll live forever in our hearts and minds . " About 4,500 people gathered in the tent , including Machel , who sat next to Mandela 's ex-wife , Winnie Mandela . In other major cities including Johannesburg , crowds watched the funeral at special screenings in stadiums . ` I 've lost a brother ' Mourners represented all spheres of Mandela 's life . There were celebrities , presidents , relatives and former political prisoners . "  You symbolize today and always will ... qualities of forgiveness and reconciliation , " said a tearful Ahmed Kathrada , a close friend who served time in prison with Mandela for defying the apartheid government . "  I 've lost a brother . My life is in a void , and I do n't know who to turn to . " Talk show host Oprah Winfrey , Prince Charles and business mogul Richard Branson were also among the attendees . Final chapter The funeral and burial cap 10 days of national mourning for a man whose fame transcended borders . "  Nelson Mandela was our leader , our hero , our icon and our father as much as he was yours , " Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete said , regaling mourners with tales of a secret visit Mandela made in 1962 to Dar es Salaam to gather support for his party , the African National Congress . During his fight against apartheid , Mandela fled to Tanzania , which housed the headquarters of the ANC . The white minority government had banned it in South Africa . In sharp contrast to the days of apartheid , the events honoring Mandela included a great deal of pageantry , as well as state honors . Mandela 's body arrived Saturday in the tiny village in the Eastern Cape province , where he grew up surrounded by lush , tranquil hills and velvety green grass . Before arriving in Qunu , the body lay in state for three days in Pretoria . After an emotional service at the air base there , which included the handing over of his body to the ruling African National Congress , it was put in a military helicopter for the final leg of his journey . Though he dined with kings and presidents in his lifetime , the international icon relished his time at the village . He herded cows and goats there as a child , and always said it 's where he felt most at peace . Some of his children are also buried there . "  He really believed this is where he belonged , " said his daughter , Maki Mandela . Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years for defying the racist apartheid government that led South Africa for decades . He emerged from prison in 1990 and became South Africa 's first black president four years later , all the while promoting forgiveness and reconciliation . His defiance of white minority rule and his long incarceration for fighting segregation focused the world 's attention on apartheid , the legalized racial segregation enforced by the South African government until 1994 . Years after his 1999 retirement from the presidency , Mandela was considered the ideal head of state . He became a yardstick for African leaders , who consistently fell short when measured against him . "  Thank you for being everything we wanted and needed in a leader during a difficult period in our lives , " Zuma said . In keeping with tradition , Mandela was laid to rest in the afternoon , when the sun is at its highest .	NEW : Mandela is laid to rest in his childhood village NEW : "  Now you have achieved the ultimate freedom in the bosom of God , " officiator says NEW : At the request of the family , the lowering of the casket is closed to the media NEW : Zuma thanks Mandela 's family for sharing him with the world
London  CNN  -- It 's easy to ask why Microsoft would want to buy Nokia when its share of the smartphone handset market is sliding . What can Microsoft possibly do to reverse Nokia 's fading fortunes ? The emails from analysts pouring into my inbox are evenly split -- great idea or a disaster ; relatively cheap bet by Microsoft  at $ 7 billion  or a share price-eroding move . Read more : Why deal is good for both So , can Microsoft leverage its monopoly selling software and services contracts to corporations , and get a slice of the employees ' mobile business ? Or , by getting a product which it is already in partnership with , is Microsoft simply buying the cow when it 's already getting the milk ? Watch more : Microsoft 's deal with Nokia The deal comes as no surprise . When Stephen Elop left Microsoft more than two years ago to become Nokia 's first non-Finnish CEO , it seemed logical the two companies would eventually meld . One question rightly being asked , is whether rival handset makers or operators will simply stop making phones with Microsoft 's mobile operating system . In my view , it does n't matter . Nokia and Microsoft joined ranks two years ago and the others were a fraction of Microsoft 's fraction of the mobile operating market . Read more : Is one mobile enough ? The question in my mind , is whether Microsoft can take its mobile operating system and make it a player in the burgeoning market of cheap smartphones . Nokia still makes more handsets than any other manufacturer , and now that 's Microsoft 's business . Nokia 's market share was 23.4 % in the last quarter of 2012 , according to research firm Gartner . That 's because Nokia sells an enormous number of cheaper mobiles in emerging markets . Microsoft 's task , then , is to stuff a cheaper version of its smartphone OS into these more affordable phones . The sales channel is there . The brand name of Nokia is known the world over . Microsoft is an expert at sales and marketing . The bigger task may be to integrate more than 30,000 employees into the Microsoft ecosystem . Many companies gamble that a bolt-on acquisition is the sure-fire solution to a missing piece of the puzzle . But it can set a company up to fail . A real competitor to Google-Android and the Apple iPhone could be around the corner . But it will be a huge task for Steve Ballmer 's successor .	What does Microsoft see in Nokia , a business whose share of the smartphone handset market is sliding ? The answers to this question vary , Jim Boulden writes . But there is potential for this to be a win for both Microsoft will need to figure out a way to tap the cheaper smartphone market It will need to do this while also ensuring the two companies are merged -- not an easy task
CNN  An attempt to mend the relationship between citizens and police in St. Louis broke into a shouting and shoving match late Wednesday -- between citizens and police . Council members considering a bill to establish a civilian oversight board over police work were holding a public meeting when Jeff Roorda , the business manager of the city 's police union , and a woman appeared to get into a confrontation , an online video shows . The room erupted into shouts and profanity , as people rose to their feet and crowded in on the two . The bill was sponsored by Alderman Antonio French , an active participant in demonstrations that erupted in August in the streets of Ferguson , Missouri , after police Officer Darren Wilson , who is white , shot and killed unarmed African-American teen Michael Brown . A grand jury declined to file charges against Wilson , who resigned from the force . St. Louis police were investigating Wednesday night 's scuffle . "  A police report with multiple complainants has been filed relative to the incident , " said spokeswoman Schron Y. Jackson . "  There is an ongoing investigation to determine what occurred , " she said . There were no arrests or injuries , she said Thursday . The meeting was packed . It was meant to seek public input into the creation of a civilian oversight body that can independently investigate police misconduct . For about an hour , the hearing went on without incident , as residents and police officers got up to speak in favor of or against the need for such a board . "  The alderman listened to their opinion and listened to our opinion . I thought the meeting was going really well , " said Bishop Derrick Robinson , a Ferguson preacher and protest organizer who was at the meeting . Roorda disagrees . He said protesters shouted police down . "  About 30 or 40 anti-police radicals  were  fomenting violence against the police , " he said . Roorda is a Missouri state representative and the business manager of the St. Louis Police Officers Association . He showed up at the meeting wearing a blue wristband reading "  I am Darren Wilson . " And that did n't go over well with many of those present . Then Roorda stood up and called for order . "  Excuse me , first of all , you do not tell me my function , " said Alderman Terry Kennedy , who was chairing the committee that called the hearing . Things quickly got out of hand . On Thursday morning , Roorda told CNN he wore the wristband because "  I have a right to freedom of speech , expression , just as violent protesters in Ferguson , who attempted to kill and maim police every night . " "  They were defended as exercising freedom of speech . ... I think I can wear a bracelet to a public meeting , " Roorda said . French acknowledged Roorda 's rights but said his action did the opposite of trying to bring the community together . "  He showed it to the protesters in the front row . He tried to provoke a response . He succeeded , " French said of Roorda . What triggered the scuffle depends on whom you ask . One witness , Cachet Currie , told CNN affiliate KMOV that Roorda , in trying to get to Kennedy , "  jumped out into the aisle and pushed me over . " "  I got caught in whatever Roorda and Kennedy had going on , " she said . "  I said , ` Wait a minute , do n't push me . ' " The video shows some scuffling with a female . It does not show how the altercation started . Roorda said he was the victim . "  I tried to approach the podium and the anti-police radicals started pushing and shoving the police officers and myself , " he said . The two sides then went at it . "  We went to protect her  the woman  and the police tried to protect him . And it was an all-out shoving match with some punches being thrown , too , " said Robinson , the Ferguson preacher . After several minutes , the meeting was quickly adjourned . "  I think there were a few injuries but nothing serious , no ambulances called , " Roorda said . "  We did n't see anyone get arrested . " French , the bill 's sponsor , placed the blame on Roorda , calling his behavior "  deplorable . " But he also bemoaned the tensions in the city . "  We saw once again tonight how fractured our city remains . We have a lot of work to do , " he tweeted . "  I believe a strong civilian review board can help . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Police are investigating , say "  a police report with multiple complainants has been filed " Police activist Jeff Roorda says he was exercising free speech ; one alderman says Roorda was trying to provoke response Roorda and a female protester appear to get into a scuffle in online video
CNN  -- Nearly a decade has passed since Bill Clinton left the White House , but despite becoming a private citizen , the former president never left the public eye . Former President Clinton receives flowers from a girl Tuesday upon landing in Pyongyang , North Korea . While much of his time has been devoted to global philanthropic interests and speeches , Clinton has never strayed too far from the campaign trail and remains one of the world 's most recognizable statesmen . Clinton , 62 , jumped back onto the world stage Tuesday with an unannounced trip to North Korea on a mission to negotiate the release of two imprisoned American journalists . North Korean President Kim Jong Il later pardoned and released the journalists . They were traveling back to the United States with Clinton on Tuesday night . The United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea . Clinton arrived to a warm welcome in Pyongyang . Watch more on Clinton 's North Korea trip " There is a lot of nostalgia in Pyongyang for his administration , when relations between North Korea and the U.S. were stronger , said John Glionna , the Seoul , South Korea , bureau chief for the Los Angeles Times . "  Well , I think most of the people that I talked to in Washington earlier today were of the opinion that Bill Clinton is a big enough personality that would not risk the loss of face of him showing up in Pyongyang and returning empty-handed , " Glionna said . Clinton 's high profile has led critics to accuse him of upstaging his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , especially when he was making headlines while campaigning for her unsuccessful 2008 presidential bid . His first major verbal stumble during that campaign came in the run-up to the New Hampshire primary when he told a crowd that then-candidate Obama 's claim to have been an early and consistent opponent of the Iraq war was "  the biggest fairy tale I 've ever seen . " In the ensuing media uproar , many Democratic activists -- African-Americans in particular -- came to believe that the former president had belittled Obama 's entire campaign effort . And while stumping for his wife in heavily black South Carolina , he seemed to try to minimize the impact of an Obama win by noting that the Rev. Jesse Jackson also won the state in 1984 and 1988 but went on to lose both nominations by wide margins . Critics accused the former president of trying to peel off Obama 's white supporters by marginalizing him as the black candidate . Clinton 's hesitancy to back Obama once he locked in the Democratic nomination also fueled the storyline of the Clinton-Obama riffs . But in a high-drama moment last year at the Democratic National Convention , both Clintons announced their wholehearted support for their party 's nominee . Bill Clinton 's name was tossed around as a possible pick to fill his wife 's vacant Senate seat after she was selected as secretary of state . His name comes up in discussions of possible Supreme Court picks that Obama might have the opportunity to make . Before his wife 's presidential campaign , Clinton focused most of his efforts on the William J. Clinton Foundation . The foundation 's projects include the Clinton Global Initiative , which seeks to combat poverty and climate change and promote health and education programs worldwide as well as separate initiatives directed at childhood obesity , global warming , HIV/AIDS and malaria , inner-city entrepreneurship and economic growth in Latin America . It also funded the construction of the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Arkansas . The foundation boasts more than 800 staff and volunteers around the world . In his post-presidency , Clinton also has shared the stage with former President George H.W. Bush on numerous occasions . The two teamed up to establish the Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund and Bush-Clinton Tsunami Fund . They toured the tsunami-ravaged areas following the 2004 disaster , and they teamed up again the following year to lead relief efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . Clinton also has taken time to author a couple of best-selling books . His 2004 memoir , "  My Life , " sold more than 400,000 copies the first day it was available . Later that year , Clinton underwent heart bypass surgery after experiencing chest pain and shortness of breath . A biting Vanity Fair article published last summer suggested that Clinton 's surgery left him in an altered state of mind -- one marked by constant anger and rage . The Clinton campaign hit back , saying that theory is "  false and is flatly rejected by President Clinton 's doctors who say he is in excellent shape and point to his vigorous schedule as evidence of his exceptional recovery . " In a sharp critique of the article , Clinton spokesman also criticized Todd Purdum , national editor of Vanity Fair , for not giving enough attention to the former president 's charitable works through his foundation since leaving the White House . "  Most revealing is one simple fact : President Clinton has helped save the lives of more than 1,300,000 people in his post-presidency , and Vanity Fair could n't find the time to talk to even one of them for comment , " spokesman Jay Carson said . While the 42nd president 's image has gotten a few bruises over the years , Clinton has held on to his reputation as a master politician with a penchant for making news . CNN 's Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Kim Jong Il pardons two U.S. journalists , state-run news agency KCNA says Bill Clinton has focused on philanthropic interests in post-presidency Clinton has stayed involved in politics , sparking controversy in wife 's 2008 campaign Clinton also has authored books , teamed up for charity with George H.W. Bush
CNN  -- At least three police officers in Oakland , California , were shot and killed Saturday afternoon after a man pulled over for a routine traffic stop opened fire and then battled SWAT officers at a nearby building , police said . Sgt. Daniel Sakai , from left , Sgt. Mark Dunakin and Sgt. Ervin Romans were killed in the shootings . The man , a 26-year-old Oakland resident , was later fatally shot in a shootout with a SWAT team in an apartment complex where he hid . A fourth officer -- also shot -- remained in critical condition , police said at a late-night news conference . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's office differed from police , saying four officers had died in the shootings . Watch fellow officers , families grieve " Authorities discovered the alleged gunman , 26-year-old Lovelle Mixon , had an extensive criminal history . At the time of the shooting , he was in violation of parole for assault with a deadly weapon , police said . The incident began about 1 p.m. in east Oakland when two motorcycle officers tried to pull over a car for a "  fairly routine traffic stop , " said Dave Kozicki , the deputy police chief . Immediately afterward , emergency call dispatchers received reports that two officers were down at the scene and needed attention . They had been shot , Kozicki said . Watch acting police chief describe what happened " The first victim , Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , died , police said . He had been with the force for 18 years . The second officer , John Hege , 41 , remained in critical condition . Soon after the first shooting , police began an intense search for the gunman . An anonymous caller directed authorities to a building on an adjacent street where the gunman was believed to be barricaded , said acting Police Chief Howard Jordan . Watch aerial views of shooting locations " The gunman opened fire on SWAT officers who entered the apartment , killing two more officers before police returned fire , killing the suspect , Jordan said . The two police officers killed were Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 . Romans had been with the department since 1996 ; Sakai since 2000 . A third officer , grazed by a bullet , was treated and released , said police spokesman Jeff Thomason . "  We come together in shock , in grief , in sadness and sorrow at a set of tragic incidences , " said Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums . Schwarzenegger said flags at the state capitol will fly at half-staff to honor the fallen officers . "  This is a tragic day for law enforcement officers everywhere , " he said in a statement .	Three Oakland , California , police officers fatally shot in pair of related incidents Shootings occurred in two different locations in Oakland neighborhood Suspect died in exchange of gunfire with police , police say Flags to fly at half-staff at capitol , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says
CNN  -- This week there was one particular story from the UK that really seemed to resonate with Americans on the Web . Mind you , it had nothing to do with topless photos of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , for it seems we 've finally moved on . Though , I 'm not sure why . Seriously , when did we all of a sudden become decent human beings , unmoved by the promise of grainy photos of Catherine 's bare chest ? When did we decide that we would boldly shun and forget these images and thus no longer encourage the paparazzi to invade the privacy of foreign royalty ? Answer : Tuesday . When we learned there might be a bacon shortage . Yes , that 's when everyone here on this side of the pond collectively freaked out over the possibility that we might have to one day hit up the buffet and actually eat fresh fruit -- with all that "  nutrition " and "  flavor . " That was the real tipping point . It 's like Abraham Lincoln once said , "  You can take away our dirty Internet smut , but hands off the pork , dude . " Without question , bacon is the most interesting meat in the world , and if it were capable of original thought , we would n't even be having an election this November in America . We would simply appoint bacon as our forever leader and live dutifully under its rule . "  Today , for no apparent reason , I instructed U.S. troops to invade Calgary . " "  Hooray ! Thanks , bacon ! " So , clearly , this was a big deal -- the kind of news that required every ounce of hyperbole I could muster . And maybe even pants . Maybe . The whole scare actually exploded on social media a couple of days after the National Pig Association of the United Kingdom  Motto : Some swine with your tea ?  put out a press release ominously stating , "  A world shortage of pork and bacon next year is now unavoidable . " They might as well have just printed , "  Jump off a bridge . Take a friend . " The report sort of suggested that European drought conditions were the cause of the upcoming pork shortage -- that unfavorable weather had ruined the corn and soybean crop . Thus , less feed means fewer European pigs . That , or they 're all just taking a gap year to go backpacking in Australia . "  Oy , mate , let 's grab a pint and be hyper-critical of the American pigs staying in our hostel . " Naturally , it did n't take too long before all hell broke loose on Twitter . The great comedian Loni Love led the way : "  Everyone complaining about replacement refs . . we got bigger problems folks !! A BACON SHORTAGE !! ** faints like a vanilla sister ** " Love also once told me in an interview how she hoped Gov. Chris Christie would join the Republican primaries because "  fat presidents would get everything done before lunch . " Bacon . She gets it . But now I 'm here to tell everyone in America to calm down . I was totally with you -- the fatty , delicious pork sky was most definitely falling -- but it now seems we 're all going to be just fine . At least as far as bacon goes . We still have Florida . Yes , the big scare is over ; it was a misrepresentation of facts at best . And Slate business and economics correspondent Matthew Yglesias does a great job explaining what this all really means in an article he posted Wednesday . The headline of his story , and the basic takeaway : There will be no bacon shortage . But it might cost a little more at the grocery . Which is fine . I 'll just dip into my emergency bacon fund . People laughed at me when I transferred all my 401  k  money into bacon savings , but who 's the man now , dog ? "  You are , Jarrett ! " "  Hooray ! Thanks , bacon ! "	Apparently This Matters is CNN Tech 's weekly , off-beat look at topics trending on social media This week , Jarrett Bellini reflects on the Internet 's brief , horrible fear of a bacon-free planet UK researchers had suggested drought would n't leave enough crops to feed the pigs In other news , bacon would make a great president
CNN  -- Michael Bloomberg signed a bill Monday to regulate the use of electronic cigarettes -- one of 22 bills he signed at City Hall that are the last he will sign as mayor of New York City , according to Evelyn Erskine , his deputy press secretary . The legislation amends the Smoke-Free Air Act , which bans smoking in public places such as restaurants , bars , parks , beaches and places of employment . It now additionally prohibits the use of electronic cigarettes in all areas where smoking is prohibited . E-cigarettes will still be permitted in areas where smoking is allowed , in addition to retail e-cigarette stores and vapor lounges . E-cigarettes are "  battery-operated products that turn nicotine , which is highly addictive , and/or chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user , " according to Food and Drug Administration spokesperson Jennifer Haliski . Unlike a regular cigarette , there 's no tobacco burned and when users inhale , instead of smoke , there 's a steam-like vapor . Some e-cigarette devices claim to help people kick their smoking habit , but Bloomberg said he 's not convinced and it 's just another way to inhale nicotine . "  It works about as well as patches , which is to say it really does n't work , " he said . A pro-smoking activist read a brief statement lobbying against the bill , saying smoking is within a person 's legal private life and not public health . "  You do n't own me like state property , " the lobbyist said to Bloomberg as she took out a cigarette from her pocket and lit up . The woman was escorted out of the meeting immediately afterward . Aaron David Ross told CNN 's Poppy Harlow he smoked cigarettes for 10 years . While he 's still addicted to nicotine , he has n't smoked a cigarette for two and a half years . He credits kicking the bad habit to e-cigarettes . Ross said he worries many Americans are so opposed to smoking that they 're stigmatizing something some say could save lives . Thomas Glynn , director of Cancer Science and Trends at the American Cancer Society , said that e-cigarette users should smoke with "  cautious optimism . " "  Anyone who uses an e-cigarette right now does not know what they 're inhaling , " Glynn said . "  What we do n't want to do is to take something out of the hands of people which could in fact help people stop using the traditional burn cigarette , which is the enemy . " There are no e-cigarette devices regulated by any federal body , and e-cigarettes are not an FDA-approved method to quit smoking . A 2010 court decision , which the FDA agreed to abide by , held that if e-cigarette companies stopped making therapeutic claims , their products would not be regulated by the FDA , according to Haliski . Right now , the FDA 's Center for Tobacco Products -- established in 2009 by the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act -- has the authority to only regulate certain categories of "  tobacco products , " which exclusively applies to cigarettes , cigarette tobacco , roll-your-own tobacco and smokeless tobacco , according to Haliski . The FDA intends to propose a rule deeming any product that meets the definition of a "  tobacco product " under the act to be subject to FDA 's regulatory authority . The FDA also intends to propose a regulation that would extend the agency 's "  tobacco product " authorities to other categories of tobacco products that meet the statutory definition of "  tobacco product , " Haliski told CNN . "  Further research is needed to assess the potential public health benefits and risk of electronic cigarettes and other novel tobacco products , " Haliski said . The FDA declined to comment on the newly signed bill in New York . Bloomberg signed another controversial bill at the final meeting of the legislative session , which requires the Department of Sanitation commissioner to determine the recyclability of expanded polystyrene foam , leading to the potential ban of the material from food services establishments , mobile food commissaries and retail stores beginning July 1 , 2015 . "  All of the environmental stuff , the payoff is n't for years , but it 's what makes the city habitable and keeps us safe , " Bloomberg said . Poppy Harlow and Laura Dolan contributed to this report	Michael Bloomberg signs his last 22 bills as New York City mayor One of those bills adds e-cigarettes to the city 's smoking ban A pro-smoking lobbyist lights up at a meeting in objection to the bill Mayor also signs bill that could lead to banning expanded polystyrene foam
CNN  Oh , Tom Hanks , why are you so awesome ? The Academy Award-winning actor seems to be just the greatest guy . Hanx  as he calls himself on his Twitter account  is awesomely winning this game called life by being the most normal of dudes  well , as normal as you can be as a superstar  . California 's Los Altos Crier reported that the actor , a San Francisco Bay Area native , recently stopped by State Street in downtown Los Altos , where he bought four boxes of Girl Scout cookies and donated an additional $ 20 to the troop . He also hung around for a bit , taking pictures with fans who recognized him and bought cookies . Just the nicest , right ? Here are a few other times Hanks was the coolest : He danced with the weather lady Hanks showed what a good sport he was and got his groove on in 2011 when he appeared on Univision . The actor joined anchor Chiquinquira Delgado while she did the weather and showed off his smooth moves . He goes the extra mile for fans The superstar won even more hearts when he surprised fan Sarah Moretti backstage after his performance on Broadway in "  Lucky Guy . " Moretti , who has autism , was clearly delighted . We really , really like this : Tom Hanks sings Carly Rae Jepsen He helped us deal with our grief The actor adored his "  The Green Mile " co-star Michael Clarke Duncan . After Duncan died in 2012 following a heart attack , Hanks had those attending his memorial service in stitches with one of his favorite stories about Duncan . It was a lovely eulogy for his friend . He loves the Kiss Cam Hanks and his wife , Rita Wilson , have one of the most loving and enduring marriages among Hollywood A-listers . The pair wed in 1988 , and fans were thrilled when the couple was caught on Kiss Cam in 2012 during a Los Angeles Kings hockey game . The pair may have been even more excited than the crowd . He documents lost gloves We are n't even sure why he does it , but Hanks likes to post on social media when he spots lost gloves and mittens . It 's goofy and endearing . He loses stuff , just like us Hanks took to Twitter on Friday to thank a Good Samaritan who returned his lost credit card . Now he can buy more Girl Scout cookies !	Tom Hanks recently helped sell some cookies in California He 's also danced with a weather anchor on Univision He loves Kiss Cam and documents lost mittens on Twitter
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Bangkok faces the highest flood levels yet and is preparing for the worst , the governor of the Thai capital told CNN . Residents are urged to flee the rising floodwaters , which have already forced the closure of Bangkok 's Don Muang airport and the evacuation of flood victims who have taken refuge there . Thailand 's government has declared a five-day public holiday in flood-affected provinces to try to encourage people to seek safety elsewhere before high tides expected this weekend . But Bangkok Gov. Sukhumbhand Paripatra told CNN the authorities could not evacuate a whole city and it was difficult to persuade the Thai people to leave their homes , despite the risk . CNNGo : Updated info for tourists "  Apparently there will be large volume of water runoff coming toward the city tonight onwards , and over the weekend , " he said . "  At the point of high tide , it will be very high , the highest this year . We are bracing for the worse . " Thongthong Chantharangsu , a spokesman for Thailand 's Flood Relief Operations Center , appealed on TV for Bangkok residents to head to the countryside . Floodwaters extend from Rangsit , north of Bangkok , to Don Muang airport and Yingcharoen Market , state-run news agency MCOT reported . The water has reached 30cm  12 inches  in places and is overflowing on to sidewalks and some roads , causing problems for small vehicles and leading to traffic congestion , the agency said . In a televised address Tuesday night , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said the capital could be submerged by as much as 1.5 meters  4.9 feet  of water . Of particular concern were areas along the Chao Phraya River , which winds through the capital and is expected to overwhelm embankments this weekend . The Airports of Thailand declared Don Muang airport , which primarily services domestic flights , closed Tuesday night , after floodwaters flowed onto runways and affected the lighting . Nok Air , which usually operates from Don Muang , was forced to cancel flights but should be able to run an almost normal schedule by Friday after moving its operations to the main Suvarnabhumi Airport , the airline 's chief executive Patee Sarasin said Wednesday . Some 3,000 Nok Air passengers were affected by flight cancellations Tuesday , he said . The flood relief operation will continue to be based at the airport , the Thai government said Wednesday . More than 600 prisoners held at Bang Kwang Central Prison have been evacuated , according to the Department of Corrections . The high-security prison has about 4,000 inmates , the chief of the prison said , some of them high-profile . The floods have also forced the Dusit Zoo to evacuate some animals , including goat antelope and Sika deer , to a zoo in the countryside , according to Dusit Zoo 's chief , Karnchai Saenwong . The U.S. ambassador to Thailand , Kristie A. Kenny , said the crisis was slow moving and it was hard to know what would be hit next . The United States has already provided civilian relief resources including water pumps , purifiers and life vests , she said , and two U.S. helicopters are helping the Thai military survey the extent of the flooding . Nationwide , the floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 million people , authorities said . The public holiday announced Tuesday will be from Thursday to next Monday and will be effective in 21 provinces , including Bangkok , that are still under water , a government spokeswoman said . The government has called the flooding the worst to afflict the nation in half a century and said it might take more than a month before the waters recede in some areas . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters nationwide , and more than 113,000 people have taken refuge . Overall damage from the floods has risen and could top $ 6 billion , with the worst yet to come as the waters destroy shops and paralyze factories nationwide , the Thai Finance Ministry said . Thailand derives a significant portion of its revenue from tourism , which has been diminished by the flooding . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan , Kocha Olarn and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report	NEW : Bangkok 's governor warns of the highest water levels in next few days Evacuations include 600 inmates at a prison , some animals from a zoo PM warns capital could be submerged by as much as 1.5 meters  4.9 feet Authorities : Floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 million
Ukraine 's President announced progress on a ceasefire agreement Wednesday with Russia , but U.S. President Barack Obama greeted it with skepticism and Moscow downplayed it . Obama , speaking in Estonia ahead of a NATO summit in Wales , said he was aware of the reported deal , as conflicting accounts emerged from Russia and Ukraine . But he said it was too early to see if all sides would follow through . Any ceasefire effort has not worked up to now , he said , "  either because Russia has not supported it or pretended it is not controlling the separatists " in eastern Ukraine . "  Having said that , if in fact Russia is prepared to stop financing , arming , training and in many cases joining with Russian troops ' activities in Ukraine , and is serious about a political settlement , that is something that we all hope for , " Obama said . Meanwhile , France , a member of NATO , wo n't be delivering the first warship it is due to deliver Russia as part of a 2011 contract , the office of French President Francois Hollande said . "  The President of the Republic has noted that , despite the prospect of a ceasefire that remains to be confirmed and implemented , the conditions for France to authorize the delivery of the first  warship  are not authorized , " the statement said . Since mid-April , Ukrainian forces have been battling pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine . Kiev and the West say the rebels are supported by Moscow -- a claim Moscow denies . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko 's office initially said he and Russian President Vladimir Putin had agreed to "  a full ceasefire " following a phone call , but subsequently indicated they had agreed on a process that could lead to a truce . "  The conversation resulted in an agreement on ceasefire regime in the Donbas  eastern Ukraine region  , " said the statement from the presidential press office . "  The parties reached mutual understanding on the steps that will facilitate the establishment of peace . " Earlier , Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told CNN there was "  no confirmation of a ceasefire because Putin can not agree  to  a ceasefire because he is not party to the conflict . "  What was agreed were steps that would lead to a ceasefire . The important thing is to bring an end to the bloodshed and to stop the firing . Everyone is trying to de-escalate the conflict . " Peskov also said the longer term issue of constitutional reform in Ukraine was not discussed . However , the spokesman told Russian state news agency Itar-Tass that Putin 's view on possible ways out of the crisis "  largely coincides " with that of Poroshenko . Putin 's roadmap Russia 's President presented his roadmap for a ceasefire to journalists Wednesday , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Setting out his seven-point plan , Putin said both parties in the conflict must negotiate immediately and stop "  any offensive military operations by the army , armed forces and self-defense groups of the southeast of Ukraine towards Donetsk and Luhansk . " Russia routinely refers to the rebels as self-defense forces . Putin called for Ukrainian troops to pull back to a distance that would mean they ca n't fire shells on communities . He also urged an end to the use of military aircraft against civilians and an exchange of all hostages . The Russian President said the sides should "  provide full and objective international control over the conditions for the ceasefire and monitoring of the situation . " Humanitarian corridors also should be opened to permit delivery of aid to communities in Donetsk and Luhansk , he added , and workers should get access so they can rebuild cities ' infrastructure . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk dismissed Putin 's roadmap as looking like a "  rescue plan " for the rebels , and said Russia could not be trusted to stick to any agreement . "  This plan is yet another attempt to trick the international community on the eve of NATO summit and avoid the EU decision of the next level of sanctions against Russia , " he said , according to the Cabinet 's press office . "  Putin 's real plan is to destroy Ukraine and renew the USSR . " Obama flies to Europe with a warning for Putin Rebels question ceasefire A rebel spokesman in eastern Ukraine expressed doubt a ceasefire could hold and demanded federal troops withdraw from the region , according to RIA Novosti . An aide to another rebel leader , the DPR 's First Deputy Prime Minister Andrei Purgin , told the news agency that Poroshenko 's ceasefire move was unilateral and was "  impractical " while there were still Ukrainian forces in the disputed region . "  This is some sort of a game by Kiev . This was completely unexpected . This decision was made without us , " Purgin 's aide quoted him as saying , according to the news agency . Putin has consistently argued that Russia has no say over ending the conflict because it is not involved in it on the ground . U.S. and NATO officials say that in recent days Russia has sent its own troops and heavy weaponry into Ukraine , as well as training and arming the rebels . Obama vows support Obama , giving a speech in Tallinn , Estonia , ahead of a NATO summit this week , said a vision of a Europe dedicated to peace and freedom is "  threatened by Russia 's aggression against Ukraine . " It challenges the most basic principles of the international system : that no border can be redrawn at the barrel of a gun , Obama said . He vowed NATO will always come to the defense of its member states , including the Baltic nations . "  We will defend our NATO allies , and that means every ally , " he said , including Estonia . Ukraine is not part of NATO , but the alliance has said it will support Kiev in the face of what it says is Russian aggression . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel defended the U.S. response to the Ukraine conflict and dismissed any criticism that the diplomatic efforts have failed to de-escalate the tension . Hagel blamed Putin for fueling the Ukraine crisis . The Russian President "  continues to take very dangerous escalatory actions , " Hagel told CNN . The continued escalation by Putin would bring further consequences , but Hagel added that "  we 're not going to get into a military engagement , a war , over this with Russia . " On the battlefield Traces of warfare remained starkly evident in eastern Ukraine near the town of Illovaisk . One road was a graveyard for burned-out military vehicles stretching for 1.5 miles : tanks , trucks , armored personnel vehicles . There was even a surface-to-surface missile laying on the side of the road . Shallow graves were dug a distance from the roadway , and an odor of decomposition permeated the air . CNN 's Diana Magnay found a Russian military food box labeled "  Army of Russia , " an apparent indication that Russia has some involvement in the conflict , though Moscow vehemently denies it . Apparel belonging to the Ukrainian National Guard was also found among battlefield debris , but it was unclear Wednesday what happened in the recent fire fight between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian forces . Military exercises Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council announced Wednesday that Ukraine would host multinational exercises later this month with the United States , NATO and other nations . It said 200 American soldiers are expected to take part in the exercise , alongside about 1,000 servicemen from Ukraine , Azerbaijan , Britain , Canada , Georgia , Germany , Latvia , Lithuania , Moldova , Norway , Poland , Romania and Spain . Earlier , speaking alongside the Estonian President , Obama announced that additional U.S. personnel and aircraft are being rotated through the Baltics as part of NATO operations . Obama 's trip to Estonia , before he heads to the NATO summit in Wales , is meant to reassure nervous Eastern Europe that Putin 's support for separatists in Ukraine does n't mean he has a free pass for territorial gains elsewhere . The United States and European Union have agreed that additional economic sanctions are needed to curb Russia 's actions in Ukraine . "  The sanctions that we 've applied so far have had a real effect on Russia , and I think it 's important for us to continue to impose costs on Russia , so long as it is violating basic principles of international law , " said Obama . European nations will consider proposals for "  significant further steps " against Russia on Wednesday afternoon , an EU statement said . The proposed sanctions regard "  access to capital markets , defense , dual use goods , and sensitive technologies , " the statement added .	Putin may face consequences but U.S. wo n't go to "  war " with Russia , Hagel says Vladimir Putin presents a series of steps he says would restore peace to Ukraine Obama says a peaceful Europe "  is threatened by Russia 's aggression against Ukraine " Putin spokesman says Russia ca n't agree to a ceasefire because it 's not party in conflict
CNN  -- Nine years ago he was an electrician . Six months ago , he was worth some A$ 1.18 billion  $ 1.22 billion  Australia 's mining boom having turned him into the country 's richest person under 40 years old . Now , coal baron Nathan Tinkler , 36 , is facing a mountain of debt . His wealth has plummeted to A$ 400 million , thanks to slowing demand and falling coal prices , while his debts to a variety of creditors mount , reportedly hitting A$ 638 million . On Tuesday , his personal holding company was liquidated . Tinkler has had the Midas touch on his way to the top of the rich list and -- until Tuesday -- on the way down , too , staving off the liquidation of several of his companies . He now faces credit debt surrounding his horse racing empire , troubled sports franchises and repossession of his personal jet . While creditors have been circling for months , it was a Tuesday decision of the New South Wales Supreme Court to wind up Tinkler 's Mulsanne Resources over an unpaid A$ 28.4 million dollar debt that suggests the former electrician 's luck may have run dry . On Wednesday , the Federal Court place his thoroughbred horse racing and breeding empire , Patinack Farm Administration , into liquidation with a debt of A$ 2 million . Patinack Farm 's cash flow problems were reported to be so severe , Tinkler was trying to stem the bleeding by downsizing operations in Victoria and South Australia and selling horses at bargain base prices to settle a state debt . He recently settled a A$ 16.6 million dispute with Mirvac over a failed land purchase in Sydney and a A$ 2 million debt to the publicly listed contractor , Sedgman Ltd. . Tinkler 's woes have impacted the Australian sporting world too . His Hunter Sports Group has reportedly fallen behind in meeting player salaries for his two prized clubs -- the A league Newcastle Jets football team and the Newcastle Knights league club . But Tinkler has come up with enough money to partially pay a significant , unpaid bill for the rent of stadiums used by the teams . And he has avoided the reported repossession of his personal jet worth A$ 40 million . GE Capital is said to have issued Tinkler an instruction to leave the French made Dassault Falcon 900 , replete with Italian leather seats , a conference room and bar , at a regional Sydney airport . Instead , he flew it to Singapore where he and his family now live in two adjacent homes , reportedly with a Maserati and Porcshe in the driveway . And in August with coal prices flailing , Tinkler abandoned plans for a A$ 5.3 billion take over Whitehaven Coal , one of Australia 's largest coal producers with exploration assets in Queensland . Tinkler 's Aston Resources , however , remains the largest shareholder in Whitehaven Coal with a 19.4 % stake . Navigating the downside of Australia 's commodities boom is proving to be a wild ride for Nathan Tinkler . As a result , the unlikely rich lister is in the business pages of Australian newspapers almost daily . And he does n't much like the attention . "  There has definitely , absolutely , been a spirited media campaign to get me , " Tinkler told Sydney 's Daily Telegraph earlier this month . Seeking to sooth the doubters , he added , "  I would say the noisy few have made a lot of people nervous and there is no need to be . " The order to liquidate his personal investment vehicle would indicate the nervousness is not a fiction of a media campaign . But Tinkler is accustomed to wild rides . The ride to the top for Australia 's fastest self-made billionaire was not only wild . It was a gamble . As a teenager , he headed for the rich coalfields of the Hunter Valley , north of Sydney , according to a 2010 profile . There , he found work in the mines as an electrician , though a A$ 400 a week take home salary held little appeal . By 26 , he 'd formed his own mine machinery maintenance business , servicing coalmines , which were burgeoning and booming as Australian commodities fueled the expansion of China 's infrastructure . Then came his big break . In 2006 , he raised a A$ 1 million loan against his home and business for a deposit on a coal tenement in central Queensland . All he needed to do was raise another A$ 29 million to finance the deal . "  I knocked on every door in Australia and many overseas to raise the funds . Finally I succeeded after wearing out a lot of shoe leather , " he told CNBC in 2010 . Investors came on board when exploratory drilling turned in heaven sent results - high grade coal samples . Sitting on a promising asset , Tinkler sold it not once but twice -- first to Macarthur Coal for A$ 275 million plus a 10 % stake in the company and a year later , in 2008 , with world coal prices soaring , he sold his stake in Macarthur to global steel giant ArcelorMittal . His A$ 1 million gamble turned into a multimillion dollar pile of cash with which he went on a buying spree -- football and rugby league clubs , horse studs , as well as property . He also formed Aston Resources , a mining development vehicle , floated in 2010 . The Aston Resources merger with Whitehaven Coal was his great hope and even diminished by weak coal prices , it remains his main asset . If the former electrician ca n't pull another rabbit out of his hat , faith in the Midas touch may be all that remains to stave off bankruptcy .	Billionaire Nathan Tinkler 's rags-to-riches story in peril as his debt woes increase On Tuesday an Australian court ordered the liquidation of his personal holding company The 36-year-old mining magnate 's racing empire and sports empire are in trouble Just nine years ago , Tinkler was an electrician working in the mining industry
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A military offensive to rid Pakistan 's northwest of al Qaeda and Taliban fighters has killed more than 1,000 militants since it began in full force earlier this month , the country 's interior ministry said Sunday . A Pakistani girl displaced by the offensive against the Taliban rests at a camp Saturday north of Islamabad . Officials also said that only 2 percent of the North West Frontier Province remains under Taliban control as a result of the operation . Both claims were difficult to verify independently . The government did not say whether the operation resulted in civilian casualties , or how many people it displaced . The United Nations said Saturday that more than a million people have been displaced as a result of the two-week-old offensive . The U.S-led coalition and NATO -- based in Afghanistan -- have long said Pakistan is not being proactive enough in battling militants who are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . Pakistan has denied the claim . But the country 's military launched an intense operation to rout out militants from the area after Taliban fighters took control of a district just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . The control of the Buner district brought the Taliban closer to the capital of the nuclear-armed country than it had been since it mounted its insurgency . Watch car bomb , drone attack in Pakistan "	Pakistani troops fighting to oust Taliban militants from volatile province U.S-led coalition and NATO , based in Afghanistan , have long criticized Pakistan Islamabad , coalition says , not effective in halting border attacks from inside Pakistan Pakistan has denied the claims , has launched operations to rout out militants
CNN  -- The situation in Syria would break the heart of anyone who has one . That is why progressives desperately want peace in Syria , an end to the chemical weapons attacks and aid for the millions of refugees . Additionally , most of us support President Barack Obama and want him to have a successful presidency . But we must be consistent . We have a worldview that requires the right thing to be done -- in the right way . That is why those of us who opposed President George W. Bush 's war in Iraq have no choice but to oppose Obama 's proposed attack on the Syrian regime . There are three reasons , at least . 1 . In 2003 , we condemned Bush and Secretary of State Colin Powell for relying on dodgy evidence of weapons of mass destruction while making the case for war before the United Nations . But at least Bush took his case to the United Nations . Obama has not formally presented any evidence to the United Nations -- at all . 2 . We attacked Bush for conjuring up his own , personal "  coalition of the willing " to launch a war . Bush 's alliance was cobbled together largely out of a bunch of countries that many people in the United States had never heard of -- some of which were sending only a handful of troops . And yet Obama has virtually no coalition at all . Even the United Kingdom wo n't strike with us on this one . So Obama would be attacking with a smaller coalition than Bush had . 3 . We condemned Bush 's team because , even though our forces won the war , Bush had no plan to win the peace . Unfortunately , Obama seems to have no plan to win the war -- or the peace . He is just proposing "  limited , proportional strikes " -- without explaining what happens next after Syria inevitably strikes back somehow . It is hard to get into a "  limited , proportional " fistfight . There is no way to keep this war limited . The region is a powder keg with Lebanon 's Hezbollah and Iran poised to retaliate for any strike against their ally Bashar al-Assad . Assad could drag Israel into the conflict if he struck that nation . Furthermore , the Assad regime has had weeks to fortify or hide prime targets , including his chemical weapons from attack by air . All of these may well mean , that despite Secretary of State John Kerry 's protestations , we may have to engage in a land war and put "  boots on the grounds " to achieve our military objectives . Mission creep and chaos are normal parts of war . Instead of jumping feet first into a war , we need to get creative . Two options short of war leap to mind . 1 . Disrupt and deter without violence . Cyberwarfare has proven extremely effective containing Iran and disrupting its nuclear program through the Stuxnet virus U.S. intelligence agencies developed . A similar cyber campaign aimed at disabling the communications and weapons delivery systems of the Assad regime could "  degrade " al-Assad 's ability to attack innocent civilians just the same . 2 . Give peace a chance . Obama has slowly built up a coalition of the reluctant . From Jordan to Germany , our allies are strongly opposed to al-Assad 's acts but hesitate to endorse , let alone join , a U.S. military coalition to hit the Syrian leader . We all want an end to the civil war . Let 's engage Russia , Iran and the Arab League and renew efforts for a conference to end the conflict . If the backers of the rebels and al-Assad 's regime are shamed into a summit , the civil war may find a peaceful resolution . It may not work , but it 's worth a try . The ongoing situation in Syria is a tragedy . The suspected use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians by the Assad regime is despicable and deserves our condemnation . But military strikes by the United States under these conditions wo n't make the situation better -- and could potentially make it much worse . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : Yes , we want peace in Syria and an end to chemical attacks But he says supporting a military strike on Syria would be to repeat mistakes from Iraq War Jones : Bush took his case to the U.N. ; Obama has not presented evidence there He says Bush had broader coalition , no plan to win peace ; Obama has no plan for war
CNN  -- Picture the glow of medieval squares illuminated by thousands of sparkling lights . Imagine gingerbread-style stalls where artisans offer traditional crafts that threaten to banish gifts of boring neckties and fruitcakes for eternity . Marvel at iPod-toting children falling under the spell of low-tech charms like wooden toys , ice rinks and vintage merry-go-rounds . By ditching the mall and making the journey to one of Europe 's fabled Christmas markets , you can exchange chain stores for cozy wooden chalets , Muzak for angelic choirs and consumer frenzy for down-to-earth local holiday cheer . ` Going to market ' remains one of the best ways to see these five fetching cities truly evoke a bygone era , with old world traditions that go as far back as the Middle Ages : 1 . Cologne Germany 's reputation for legendary Christmas markets is well deserved -- and this is the granddaddy of them all . With the dramatic backdrop of the famed Cologne cathedral , the Klner Dom , casting its magnificent shadows on the festive proceedings , the market at the Domplatz is a good place to start . Next , head to the Medieval Christmas Market , where handcrafts and live music compete with a breathtaking live nativity set for your postmodern attention span . When : 21 November until 23 December What to buy : Ruchermnnchen  wooden dolls complete with smoking pipe  , nutcrackers , children 's toys , and well-priced charity products whose proceeds go to the needy . Food and drink : Wash down aromatic baked apples and roasted almonds with the traditional , cinnamon-infused glhwein . Plus , an eco-friendly , fair trade ethos means that you can conscientiously indulge in organic treats . For the children : At the Alter Markt you 'll find a child 's winter paradise , complete with a merry-go-round and a puppet theatre . Ice skaters , head to the Heumarkt . Lonely Planet : The world 's hottest cool places 2 . Vienna Come wintertime , Christmas markets in Vienna become as ubiquitous as the city 's elaborate Baroque architecture . You 'll find the Viennese version of winter wonderland -- at once cosy and elegant -- coming to life in public squares all over town . After stopping by the popular Christkindlmarkt in front of the Rathausplatz , waltz over to the market in front of the lavish Schnbrunn Palace , the former imperial residence . True to Vienna 's storied musical heritage , expect plenty of classical concerts fueling the nonstop city-wide party . When : mid-November until Christmas Eve What to buy : Hand-blown glass , jewelry , candles and handmade baby cribs Food and drink : Key indulgences include apfel strudel , maroni  chestnuts  , bratwurst and lebkuchen  gingerbread  . To drink ? Glhwein or punsch , natrlich . For the children : Little ones will go starry-eyed at the market in front of Vienna 's neo-Gothic Rathaus  town hall  , which is decorated as a giant Advent calendar . A hands-on Christmas workshop , pony and carousel rides and a bewitching winter garden also delight . 3 . Bruges The Medieval splendor of this UNESCO World Heritage site , full of serene grace and picturesque canals , only intensifies when December rolls around . Do n't skip the awe-inducing Snow & Ice Sculpture Festival , held in a massive thermal tent . Two tips : dress warmly , and plan to do some serious chilling out with a cocktail in the Ice Bar . When : 25 November until 3 January What to buy : A fantastic array of Belgian chocolates , along with ceramics  think beer steins  , and cozy handmade clothing . Food and drink : You 're in Belgium : have a beer . Why not try one of the rich ales specially brewed for the holidays ? For the children : Keep shopping-weary kids on their toes at the ice skating rink , held on the Market Square . Lonely Planet : Get steamy with the Finnish sauna experience 4 . Strasbourg In the heart of Alsace , the German-inflected region of France that is said to be home to the first Christmas tree , this gorgeous market is a classic . Since 1570 , the Christkindelsmrik has offered serious holiday enchantments , making it the oldest in France . Stroll from Place Broglie to Place Klber under the glow of thousands of brilliant lights until you arrive at the festival 's focal point : the breathtakingly giant Sapin de Nol , or Christmas tree . When : 26 November to 31 December What to buy : For Christmas decorations  Strasbourg 's been peddling them since 1600  head to the Place de la Cathdrale . Enticing Alsatian food specialties can be found in Place des Meuniers . Food and drink : While adults savor vin chaud , kids can sip on warm jus d'orange sweetened with honey . Along with plenty of German-inspired treats , try the bredele  Alsatian butter cookies in toothsome flavors like ginger and anise  and maennele , or little brioche men . For the children : Picture a kiddie paradise : puppet shows , visits by Saint Nicholas , spirited games , ice skating , a crche vivante  living nativity scene  and even an ice garden with an obstacle course . Lonely Planet : Dos and Do n'ts of Christmas in New York 5 . Prague As snow dusts its gothic spires and its fabled Astronomical Clock chimes in the chilly air , Prague 's cityscape transforms into a gothic midwinter fairy tale . While Staromstsk nmst , or Old Town Square , is always one of the most stunning in Europe , during Christmas it 's downright ethereal . Set against the evocative skyline , the towering Christmas tree -- imported each year from the Krkonose Mountains in the North -- conjures an enchanting Bohemian vibe . When : 26 November until 8 January What to buy : Hand-carved puppets and wooden toys , Bohemian crystal , Czech glass and ornate ceramic mugs . Or why not buy a live carp -- sold in tubs lining the streets -- to cook up a traditional Czech Christmas dinner ? Food and drink : Grab a traditional fried-dough , cinnamon sugar trdlo washed down with svaen vno  mulled wine  or medovina  honey liquor  . Want to ward off the cold with the hard stuff ? Many Czechs swear that a shot of the traditional , warmly-spiced liquor Becherovka tastes like Christmas itself . For the children : Handmade Czech puppets never fail to elicit wonder in even shopping-weary children . Check out the petting zoo and the open-air stage , where children from around the Czech Republic sing and dance in traditional dress with inimitable holiday cheer .  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Germany 's reputation for legendary Christmas markets is well deserved The Viennese version of winter wonderland comes to life all over town The Christkindelsmrik in Strasbourg has offered holiday cheer since 1570
Sevastopol , Crimea  CNN  -- As I wait in line , staring down at the notes in my iPhone to remember the exact order for two Quarter Pounder with Cheese meals for our engineer and cameraman , I could well be in any McDonald 's in the world . The golden arches , the familiar red signs with Ronald McDonald staring straight at me and the menu remain the same wherever you go in the world , such is the long arm of American corporate globalization . This restaurant is certainly a testament to that . However , this is n't New York . Nor is it London . It is Crimea . With a couple of Mercedes sports cars parked on the curb , facing the town 's Apple store , this particular McDonald 's is doing a roaring trade this Friday lunchtime . Russians reported in Ukraine outside Crimea It 's only two days before the region 's people will go to the ballot boxes and vote on whether to stay part of the Ukraine or join Russia . The referendum will be held on Sunday . From what we have seen here , this will be largely symbolic . From what we can see , the majority of Crimeans would rather look toward Moscow than Kiev and the white , blue and red of the Russian flag is already flying through these streets . Our team was asked to come down here to the port of Sevastopol after having spent a week in the heart of the Crimean capital , Simferopol , dodging cossacks with their whips , men with more than a whiff of vodka on their breath and Russian soldiers sporting trendy balaclavas and AK47s . Nestled on the Black Sea , Sevastopol is a party town , prettier than the capital . Luxury yachts are in the port side by side with Russian destroyers . There are many nightclubs and bars . Indeed , the main square has had a concert on every night for the past seven days to celebrate returning back to the "  motherland . " Contrary to what the European foreign ministers say on their official Twitter accounts and what the State Department may read out during their briefings in Washington , the majority of the people we have spoken with here are glad the Russian bear has woken up . And they are happy to roar with it . I mean , in their eyes with the amount of propaganda from billboards with swastikas over the map of Ukraine and rumors of terrorists in Kiev , who would n't want to be Russian ? In their eyes , it 's either that or being a Nazi . The main square here fills up each lunchtime with cossacks , Russian flags and the local pro-Russian militias with their red armbands dressed all in black . The music reminds me of old Soviet propaganda films and these men in their gangs of militias remind me of my history lessons learning about the so-called "  brownshirts " of Adolf Hitler 's SA during the 1930s . The irony not lost that these men who chant "  Putin , Putin , Putin " and call those who protested in Maidan square fascists look very similar to those real fascists pictured in my old history books . Any dissent here has now been stamped out . We have been in this town for over a week now , and I have n't seen one Ukrainian flag apart from the two on the Ukrainian warships blockaded in the port . It is far too dangerous for any pro-Ukranian voices to speak out . News of abductions and kidnapping are daily here , and as we enjoyed a meal last night , we were asked to give our details to the Ukrainian police officers who detained us there for just under an hour . They are carefully watched over by their new Russian boss . A plainclothed FSB  Russian secret police  officer making sure that the local police now start to monitor the movements of Western journalists properly . An apologetic "  sorry " was uttered in English after they had finished taking our passport details . No matter how the older generation here roar and chant the Russian President 's name , there is a bubble under the surface . The majority of young people here have grown up as Ukrainian , never under the watchful eye of Moscow , and they are n't too pleased . Every time you ask them what they think , you just get a sigh as they say "  What can we do ? " and talk of perhaps one day leaving to Kiev . And so the result of the referendum on Sunday will go one way . There may be two questions posed on the ballot paper , but there is already only one answer . That answer being written in Cyrillic . Yet Monday , before we leave Crimea and take our flights back to London , via Moscow as all other flights to and from other destinations have been canceled , I may well pop in and grab a bite for the road . I am sure that I will still look around in that full restaurant and see the same Ukrainian faces , paying for their meals with Ukrainian currency with a Big Mac in one hand and a Russian flag in the other . Legal or not , Crimean referendum will shape country 's future McCain goes to Kiev , calls for U.S. military support	CNN 's Alex Felton and a crew have been in port city of Sevastopol They find a crisis ca n't stop the lure of McDonald 's , which is doing a thriving business From the looks of it , the residents of Crimea are happy the Russian bear has awoken
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- This presidential election tells us something unexpected about American politics . For all the talk about polarization and discord in Washington , it appears that both parties will have pragmatic problem-solvers at the top of their tickets . Democrats have accepted four more years with a pragmatist . President Barack Obama has consistently been willing to anger members of his own party by reaching out to Republicans and often embracing their issues , such as deficit reduction . Rather than a fighting for an ideological agenda , he has instead focused on one problem at a time and accepted the constraints that he faces . Republicans are settling on former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who has spent much of his career avoiding ideological purity . By all accounts , one of his virtues as a leader has been his eagerness to delve into difficult problems and his willingness to experiment when trying to find solutions . As everyone knows , he has shifted his positions on matters such as stem cell research and as governor he was willing to put forward an ambitious health care plan that expanded government by using a conservative idea , the individual mandate . Some pundits will read the decision to support these candidates as continued evidence of party loyalty . In the case of Obama , there were no Democrats who decided that they would challenge him in the primary because they wanted to avoid the kind of turmoil that occurred when Sen. Ted Kennedy ran against President Jimmy Carter from the left in 1980 . In the case of Romney , the Republican hatred of Obama is so great that the party is willing to compromise on a candidate whose politics are hard to pin down but who stands a better chance of winning in November . Yet another way to read these decisions is that , at some level , voters are genuinely angry about the polarized status quo in Washington . They are willing to support pragmatic problem-solvers because , at some level , they find it appealing to elect politicians who could overcome the deeply dysfunctional government we have . There is some evidence to support this claim . In "  Culture War ? The Myth of a Polarized America , " Morris Fiorina argued that polarization was much stronger among political elites that it was in the broader electorate . His examination of poll data revealed that on many controversial issues such as abortion or gay rights , most Americans tended to be in the middle of the political landscape . Second , the approval ratings of Congress also suggest that citizens are unhappy with polarization . Approval ratings for Congress are at about 12.5 % , a historic low . When such a large number of Americans indicate that they do n't approve of the institution , they are registering their complaints about the gridlock in Congress . Even though most Americans continue to vote for incumbents in their districts , they do n't like the institution as a whole . Finally , for all the talk about polarization , when it comes to electing presidents , voters have tended to go for the people who promise to reach out across the aisle . In 2008 , Obama ran as the candidate who appealed to both sides of the political spectrum and who contrasted himself with the fierce partisanship of the Republican side . In 2000 , George W. Bush ran as the compassionate conservative who was willing to use government on behalf of some causes , and in 2004 he avoided some of the more divisive issues by emphasizing national security as his unifying issue . In 1992 , voters went for Bill Clinton , a proud pragmatist who wanted to move beyond the orthodoxies of the 1960s . Clinton was part of the Democratic Leadership Council , a group that sought to move his party toward the center . Clinton doubled down on this theme in 1996 as he leaned to the right following the Republican takeover of Congress , and he defeated Sen. Robert Dole by landslide . The emerging contest between Romney and Obama thus provides more evidence that there is still room to move beyond Washington 's bitter partisan stalemates . When politicians yell and fight , they capture the attention of the television cameras but the public is not always with them . As this upcoming contest reveals , there is still a yearning in the electorate for a different kind of politics in Washington . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Is America really a deeply polarized country , as some suggest ? Julian Zelizer says Obama , Romney have appeal to the center of the spectrum He says the two parties are choosing not to run candidates with polarizing ideology Zelizer : There is still a strong yearning for compromise and moderation in D.C.
CNN  -- An Indonesian court on Wednesday handed a seven-year sentence to a former tax official for corruption in a case that exposed rampant government graft . Gayus Tambunan was also fined 300 million rupiah  $ 30,000  after being found guilty of corruption . Crowds booed and jeered when the judge read the verdict , which was less than the 20 years demanded by the prosecutors . Prosecutors plan to appeal . Gayus case came into the spotlight after he cooperated with the police to become a whistle-blower and expose the corruption in almost all aspect of the Indonesian judiciary system . "  This case have been influenced by many sides to make me look like public enemy number one in Indonesia , " Gayus said after the verdict . "  I 'm really disappointed with legal system mafia task force  formed to combat corruption in the judiciary system  , who did n't investigate the high level officials and instead politicized the issue . " Gayus first came to national attention when he was arrested for bribing the judges , prosecutors and the police for more than $ 2 million to have his corruption case dismissed . He was initially accused of helping companies evade taxes . Police later revealed that the lowly tax official , despite making a only modest income a month , had reportedly amassed millions of dollars in cash and assets . Gayus stirred anger in the country when he was photographed in Bali watching a tennis tournament when he was supposed to be in custody for his corruption case . He said he was in need of a holiday after feeling "  stressed out " in prison . He later admitted that he had escaped prison at least 68 times by bribing the guards . He said he has taken trips to various destinations , including Macau , with fake passports obtained from the immigration office . "  Gayus is just the tip of the iceberg , his case indicates rampant corruption in the judiciary system , the tax office and the immigration office but the main issue seems to be avoided , " said Adrianus Meliala , a criminology professor and police observer . "  For instance , the police investigation did n't include where the funds were funneled . This case does n't surprise me because corruption has become a culture in the tax office and this shows that the reform process is far from finished . " The case prompted the president to order authorities to look into dozens of companies allegedly linked to Gayus and recover state assets .	Gayus Tambunan was also fined $ 30,000 He was found guilty of helping companies evade taxes His daring exploits amid corruption charges stunned the nation
New York  CNN  -- USS Cole Cmdr. Dennis Farrell keeps in his cabin a memento of the last time the storied Navy destroyer cruised into New York Harbor . It was Fleet Week 2000 . Sailors stood at the rails under a fluttering American flag . In the background , the Twin Towers soared over a shimmering skyline . "  It reminds me of why we go to sea , " Farrell says of the keepsake photo . A few months later , on October 12 , 2000 , a pair of suicide bombers associated with al Qaeda nearly sank the Cole as it refueled in Aden harbor in Yemen . The attackers waved at the sailors . "  It was presumed to be a trash boat , " Farrell says . "  It was n't . " Resilient and strong The bombers sidled their explosives-laden fishing boat alongside the $ 1 billion warship and ripped a 40-by-60-foot hole into its side , killing 17 sailors and wounding 37 more . Heralded by al Qaeda as one of its greatest military strikes , the attack foreshadowed the terror network 's destruction of the World Trade Center in Manhattan less than a year later . "  We took a hit 11 months before 9/11 , and we came back resilient , a strong force , " Farrell says , "  like the men and women of New York . " The destroyer -- also known as DDG 67 -- left New York on Tuesday at the close of Fleet Week 2014 . The World Trade Center site , with its hulking Freedom Tower , once again houses the nation 's tallest building . On Wednesday , the same day the Cole headed the Fleet Week procession along the harbor , the long-awaited September 11 Memorial Museum opened to the public . A flotilla of smaller vessels , including New York Police and Fire Department boats , welcomed the ships . "  We 're so closely connected to the men and women of New York , " says Farrell , a native of Boca Raton , Florida . "  You see the outpouring of the emergency service members , the firefighters and the New York City Police Department . " In recent days , hundreds of schoolchildren and adults toured the Cole to learn about its history , weapons systems and return to duty two years and $ 250 million in repairs and upgrades after the attack . "  Right here is where the gash was , " says U.S. Navy Ensign Hannah Taylor of Mount Pleasant , Iowa , standing near where 17 sailors having an early lunch were killed . Victims remembered Nearby , in the ship 's Hall of Heroes , 17 gold stars are inlaid on the mess deck to commemorate each victim . "  The sailors , you watch them when they 're getting their chow , they do n't step on those stars , " Farrell says . "  They walk around them . And sailors are assigned to clean those stars every day . They take that very seriously . " Each victim is remembered on a plaque : -- Hull Maintenance Technician 2nd Class Kenneth Eugene Clodfelter , 21 . -- Electronics Technician Chief Petty Officer Richard Costelow , 35 . -- Mess Management Specialist Seaman Lakeina Monique Francis , 19 . -- Information Systems Technician Timothy Lee Gauna , 21 . -- Signalman Seaman Cherone Louis Gunn , 22 . -- Seaman James Rodrick McDaniels , 19 . -- Engineman 2nd Class Marc Ian Nieto , 24 . -- Electronics Warfare Technician 2nd Class Ronald Scott Owens , 24 . -- Seaman Lakiba Nicole Palmer , 22 . -- Engineman Fireman Joshua Langdon Parlett , 19 . -- Fireman Patrick Howard Roy , 19 . -- Electronics Warfare Technician 1st Class Kevin Shawn Rux , 30 . -- Mess Management Specialist 3rd Class Ronchester Manangan Santiago , 22 . -- Operations Specialist 2nd Class Timothy Lamont Saunders , 32 . -- Fireman Gary Graham Swenchonis Jr. , 26 . -- Ensign Andrew Triplett , 31 . -- Seaman Craig Bryan Wibberley , 19 . In addition , placards with photos and short biographies about the victims are displayed near their workstations . "  Every single day you remember what those sailors died for , " Taylor says . In the dining hall , the attack is commemorated with three glass cases . One has the still blackened flag that flew the day of the attack . Another , the flag that draped the coffins of the fallen crew members . A third holds the flag flown when the ship first returned to the Gulf of Aden . Courage and Heroism In 2001 , the Department of Defense issued a report on the USS Cole attack that cited significant shortcomings in security against terrorist attacks . "  The investigation clearly shows that the commanding officer of Cole did not have the specific intelligence , focused training , appropriate equipment or on-scene security support to effectively prevent or deter such a determined , preplanned assault , " the Chief of Naval Operations , Adm. Vern Clark , said at the time . "  In short , the system -- all of us -- did not equip this Skipper for success in the environment he encountered in Aden harbor that fateful day . " The terror organization 's success against the Cole "  galvanized al Qaeda 's recruitment efforts , " while the failure of the United States to retaliate against group leaders in Afghanistan motivated Osama bin Laden to "  launch something bigger , " said the 9/11 Commission Report . Still , those stationed on the Cole speak of the heroism of members of the former crew , who worked for days to save the ship and care for the injured . In intense heat , they toiled without electrical power and no shipboard communication . "  On two occasions , it was very , very close to sinking , " Farrell says . "  The ship had to pull together everybody regardless of what their specialty was ... for damage control . " He added , "  There is no question that this ship was saved by the men and women who were serving on the Cole in October 2000 . That 's not lost on me or any of my crew members . We stand on the shoulders of those who came before us . " All Navy recruits now undergo drills on the same type of ship as the Cole , putting out fires , dealing with flooding and tending to the wounded . Exercises occur in a structural model of the damaged Cole mess deck . "  We have a totally different mindset of how we do business , a totally different focus , " Farrell says . Said Taylor , "  There 's not really a drill that you can do for something that massive . Even when you have an actual fire or flooding , it 's not nearly that bad . It would have taken a lot of courage and heroism to do what they did . "	Storied Navy destroyer visits New York for first time since 2000 suicide bombing Al Qaeda operation killed 17 sailors and wounded 37 more in Yemeni port Eleven months later , al Qaeda destroys New York 's World Trade Center Commander Dennis Farrell : "  We stand on the shoulders of those who came before us "
CNN  Americans will spend about $ 550 million on self-help books this year and more than $ 1 billion on motivational speakers . Obviously , many of us are on a quest for happiness . I get it . We all want , and deserve , that sense of well-being . But save your money . Achieving happiness is easier than you may think . We all experience emotional highs throughout our lives -- with a job promotion , on our wedding day , with the birth of a child . But these moments only yield temporary feelings of elation , and experts say that they alone are not enough to achieve true happiness . Happiness is n't just an emotional state . Decades of research proves it goes much deeper . In fact , science shows people who are happy live longer and healthier lives . The good news is that generating better bliss is something we can all do regardless of our environment or genetics . Here are seven ways to boost your life satisfaction : Start by changing your attitude . That 's right -- I 'm talking to you , pessimists . A Harvard University study found that optimists are not only happier but are 50 % less likely to have heart disease , a heart attack or a stroke . It turns out that keeping a positive outlook actually offers protection against cardiovascular disease . The science does n't fare as well for pessimists . They have lower levels of happiness compared with optimists and are three times as likely to develop health problems as they age , researchers say . Learn from people who are already happy . Denmark has earned the top spot on the European Commission 's "  Eurobarometer " for well-being and happiness every year since 1973 . And when the United Nations went on the hunt for the happiest nation in the world , it ranked Denmark No. 1 . So what makes Danes more satisfied with their lives ? Sure , things like life expectancy , gross domestic product and a low-corruption rate help . But the overall level of happiness in Denmark has more to do with the generosity that 's common among citizens , their freedom to make life choices and a strong social support system , according to the U.N. World Happiness Report . Copenhagen : The world 's happiest city Work less . The Danes seem to strike a great work-life balance , which ups their happiness level . Simply put : They do n't overwork . In fact , the average workweek in Denmark is 33 hours -- only 2 % of Danes work more than 40 hours a week . Almost 80 % of mothers in Denmark return to work after having a child , but they balance their free time between families , weekly happy hour with their girlfriends and participating in community club programs . Focus on experiences . Danes also pay less attention to gadgets and things and more attention to building memories . Studies show that people who focus on experiences over "  things " have higher levels of satisfaction , long after the moment of the experience has passed . Too much stuff tends often leads to debt , not to mention the time and stress associated with keeping up all those gadgets , cars , properties , clothes , etc. . Researchers say when people focus on experiences , they feel a greater sense of vitality or "  being alive " during the experience and afterward . It also brings you mentally closer to the people around you , which may contribute to your happiness boost . Build up your social network . By simply being social , you could slow down your biological age . Research shows that a strong social support system can lengthen our telomeres . Telomeres are the tiny caps on our DNA chromosomes that indicate our cellular age . According to experts , no friends can equal shorter telomeres and , in turn , a shorter life . Other studies have showed that loneliness leads to higher rates of depression , health problems and stress . Solution : Have at least one close friend to boost your happiness level and health . Volunteer . People who volunteer are happier with their lives than those who do n't , according to dozens of studies . The United Nations even credits volunteerism as one of the reasons Denmark is the happiest nation in the world -- 43 % of Danes regularly give back to their community , compared with 25 % of Americans . The joy of helping others starts early . A 2012 study found children prefer to give than to receive . Researchers gave two groups of toddlers snacks and then asked one group to give their treats away . The children who gave away their treats showed greater happiness about sharing their possessions , suggesting that the act of personal sacrifice was emotionally rewarding , researchers say . The sacrifice does n't have to be big -- previous research has found that donating or spending as little as $ 5 on others has emotional benefits . Experts say we are all inherently compassionate . Performing acts of kindness , volunteering time and donating money increases happiness by improving your sense of community , purpose and self-image . Just start laughing . Research shows that laughing does n't just signal happiness , it produces it . When we laugh , our stress hormones decrease and our endorphins rise . Endorphins are the same brain chemicals associated with the "  runner 's high " you get from exercise . Live to 100 : Laugh more Laughing is also good for your heart . A study found that only 8 % of heart patients who were made to laugh daily had a second heart attack within a year , compared with 42 % of the non-laughers . Studies show our bodies ca n't differentiate between fake and real laughter ; you 'll get the health boost either way . So you can even fake it until you make it . Laugh in your car , in the shower -- force yourself to start laughing a few minutes every day .	Science shows happy people live longer and healthier lives Change your attitude -- optimists have a lower risk for cardiovascular disease Denmark has been ranked the happiest nation in the world
CNN  -- Before she was a princess , she was a child - shy but affectionate , respectful but mischievous . Diana Spencer , shown on her first birthday , grew up at Park House , a country estate leased from the royal family . Ten years after the death of Princess Diana , two women who helped raise the future princess are providing a new , intimate portrait of the girl who would become the "  People 's Princess . " Diana Frances Spencer was born into a life of privilege . She grew up at Park House , a country home leased from the royal family 's Sandringham estate in Norfolk , England . Her parents , Johnnie and Frances Spencer , were well-known members of the English aristocracy . Inge Crane came to Park House as an au pair when Diana was just 3 years old . "  There 's always been something special about Park House . It 's difficult to put a finger on what it is , " she said in her first interview , given exclusively to CNN . Life at the house was n't entirely normal -- the queen 's estate was about a mile away , and the young Princes Andrew and Edward  Diana 's future in-laws  frequently visited to swim in the pool . When the butler would ring the gong for dinner , the children would rush to the stairs , slide down the wooden banister and run into the dining room . Despite growing up in the shadows of royalty , Crane and Mary Clarke , Diana 's nanny starting at age 9 , describe an "  ordinary " childhood for Diana , a tomboy who loved going outdoors , climbing trees and playing with animals . "  She was quite a lovable child , " Crane said . "  She was very , very cuddly . " Watch Crane share her memories of the young Diana " Inside Park House , however , the marriage of Diana 's parents was falling apart . The divorce was finalized in 1969 . Clarke said the failed marriage had a resounding effect on Diana . "  When Diana walked towards me at school , she had these downcast eyes , " Clarke said of their first meeting , when Diana was just 9 . Diana 's broken home made her feel different from her classmates , Clarke said . Divorce was uncommon at that time in England . Even more unusual -- Diana 's father got custody of their four children . Nearly 40 years later , Clarke still remembers their first conversation . "  She said , ' I will never marry unless I 'm really in love because if you 're not in love , you 're going to get divorced -- and I never intend to be divorced , ' " Clarke said . "  This was quite a profound statement for a little girl to come out with . " "  Diana 's dreams all through her childhood really were just to be happily married and to have a large family , " Clarke said . Her dream , specifically , was to marry Prince Charles , 12 years her elder . While other 13-year-olds loved pop stars , Diana 's boarding school room was decorated with pictures of Charles . See family photos as CNN 's Soledad O'Brien recounts friends ' stories of Diana " The young child 's dreams seemingly came true when she married him just seven years later , but , like her parents ' relationship , her marriage unraveled . From that first candid conversation about her aspirations , Clarke and the future princess of Wales connected . "  We always clicked from the word go , " Clarke said . "  We worked together as a team . " Clarke had heard rumors about a mischievous Diana -- how a flurry of nannies had come and gone , including the one she locked in a bathroom . But , Clarke said , the Diana she knew never gave her "  any headaches whatsoever . " Clarke , who was 21 and had no previous experience , was given "  sole charge " of Diana and her younger brother Charles . Diana often helped around the house and was especially nurturing toward Charles . Charles would describe his sister as the "  very essence of compassion " at her funeral . Diana 's motherly instincts were evident as she matured . As a teenager , she would become a nanny , then an assistant kindergarten teacher , and then a mother of two sons , William and Harry . Clarke remembers observing Diana 's impartial love at a young age . She played with children from royalty as well as children from the village . "  They were all treated completely as equals , which is why I feel that in Diana 's adult life , she ... found it so easy to interact and to mix with everyone , because to her , each person was an individual , " Clarke said . Diana would become famous for that openness . She was photographed holding hands with a patient who was HIV positive in 1987 -- when many still believed the virus could be spread by touch . Diana devoted herself to her volunteer work , visiting the sick and campaigning for an international ban on landmines . Even as a teenager visiting patients at a mental hospital , she bonded with people -- ordinary people , disabled people -- in a way no other student could . In his funeral oration , Charles said his sister told him "  it was her innermost feelings of suffering that made it possible for her to connect with her constituency of the rejected . " She remained , he said , a "  very insecure person at heart . " As the Princess of Wales , Diana captivated the world with the same qualities that stood out to her nannies -- her affection , her vulnerability and her private misery . These qualities changed the face of the monarchy , and they keep the shy girl from a broken home just as much in the public eye , a decade after her death . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report	Princess Diana was born into life of privilege but grew up in broken home At 9 , Diana told her nanny , "  I never intend to be divorced " Diana had a crush on Prince Charles when she was 13 The future princess 's openness , vulnerability evident from an early age
Fighting is raging between al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraq 's security forces for control of two key cities in the embattled Anbar province , even as a deal was in place with Sunni tribesmen to fight alongside Iraqi police against the terror group . The renewed violence in the Sunni province has raised concern about the stability of the government amid dueling claims by the terror group and security forces over who was in control of Falluja and Ramadi . At least 80 people were killed , roughly 60 of the casualties were members of al Qaeda , in clashes Friday across the province , a senior interior ministry official told CNN . Some of the most significant fighting appeared to be in Falluja , where the U.S. military fought one of the bloodiest battles of the Iraq war , with militants planting al Qaeda flags on buildings . Gunmen calling themselves the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant , formerly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , took to a stage before thousands of Sunnis following Friday prayers in Falluja . "  We call you to join us in our fight against the government of Nuri al-Maliki , " one of the gunman said through a bullhorn . More than two-thirds of the people in attendance left once the militant began to speak , according to a journalist working for CNN . The gunmen ordered journalists not to cover their speech , threatening to kill anyone who attempted to film or record the event , according to the journalist , who is not being identified by CNN out of security concerns . Fighting also was under way in Ramadi , police officials told CNN , but would not provide a specific number of casualties . In that area , tribal leaders have been calling on their fighters not to cover their faces so they can recognize their own people . The violence -- pitting Sunni militants against Shiite-dominated forces -- recalls the bloody fighting at the height of the Iraq war that nearly tore the country apart . State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf dismissed suggestions that the United States has abandoned Iraq following its withdrawal from the country in 2011 . "  Let 's be clear who 's responsible for the violence . It 's the terrorists who were behind it , " she told reporters during a briefing in Washington . "  That 's why we are partnering with the Iraqi government very closely to fight this shared threat . At the end of the day , we can certainly help them fight it , but we also want to help them build their own capability to do so themselves . " The United States is sending weapons , including Hellfire rockets and drones , to aid them in their campaign against terrorism , officials have said . Harf said a number of American officials on the ground in Iraq and in Washington "  remain in touch with all of the different parties in Iraq . " Meanwhile , after a deal brokered late Thursday , Sunni tribesman began fighting alongside Iraqi security forces in the province on Friday to try to tamp down the violence from Sunni militants . The deal was comparable to a 2007 U.S. pact that saw Sunnis turn on al Qaeda , siding with American and Iraqi forces to bring about an end to the terrorism . The latest round of violence erupted late last week following a raid by security forces on the home of prominent Sunni lawmaker Ahmed al-Alwani , one of the main organizers of the anti-government demonstrations in Anbar province . Alwani 's brother and five of his bodyguards were killed during the raid , which also left at least 16 people wounded , authorities said . That was quickly followed by a move to close two protest camps that were established last year as part of ongoing demonstrations against the Shiite-led government , which protesters claim has marginalized the country 's minority Sunni population . A senior official with Iraq 's interior ministry in Baghdad told CNN that al Qaeda has taken advantage of the security vacuum created by fighting between Iraqi forces and Sunnis . But tensions between Sunnis and Shiites have been running high since last year when security forces raided a protest camp in Hawija . Dozens of people were killed in the raid , which was captured by local journalists .	At least 80 people have been killed in fighting in Falluja , an official says Fighting is under way in Ramadi , but the number of casualties is not known Gunmen called on worshipers to join a Qaeda-backed group U.S. "  partnering with the Iraqi government very closely , " State Dept. says
