New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's beleaguered prime minister , Manmohan Singh , on Monday sought to defend allocations of coal fields without competitive bidding as opposition lawmakers called for his resignation over an audit report that says the exchequer may have lost up to $ 33 billion by not auctioning off the mines . Singh 's statement to parliament was drowned out by shouts of "  the prime minister must resign " as members from the opposition alliance walked into the well of the chamber in protest . At the same time , his office posted short excerpts from a statement on its Twitter account calling the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General  CAG  "  clearly disputable . " Singh was the guardian of the coal ministry for part of the period reviewed by the CAG in its report , which was released last week . According to the audit , private companies that were sold the coal blocs could have seen a potential profit of $ 33 billion . "  A part of this financial gain could have accrued to the national exchequer ... , " the CAG wrote , noting delays in adopting bidding as the process to award coal mines could have caused the loss . In his defense , Singh also cited a lack of consensus with several opposition-ruled states over switching to auction during the period assessed by the auditor . "  I want to assure hon ` ble  honorable  members that as the minister in charge , I take full responsibility for the decisions of the ministry . I wish to say that any allegations of impropriety are without basis and unsupported by the facts , " the prime minister said in his statement , whose full text was later published on the Indian government 's website . "  The CAG report has criticized the government for not implementing this decision speedily enough . In retrospect , I would readily agree that in a world where things can be done by fiat , we could have done it faster . But , given the complexities of the process of consensus building in our parliamentary system , this is easier said than done , " he said . Singh also questioned the CAG 's methods of estimating the loss to the government and profit to private companies . India depends heavily on coal for power , and with its rising population and industrialization , it is struggling to meet demands . Singh was coal minister between 2006 and 2009 , when many of the sales assessed in the CAG report took place . The auditor , however , did not indict the prime minister . Its findings , nonetheless , paralyzed the Indian parliament , with members from the opposition group led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party mounting a vigorous attack on Singh , whose government is already under fire for a series of corruption scandals . "  The prime minister 's statement did n't resolve our contention . Instead , it strengthened it , " said Sushma Swaraj , the opposition leader in the lower house of the national assembly . She said Singh 's government , now in its second term , took years to enforce a policy of competitive bidding that was conceived in 2004 , when his government first came to power . "  We demand the prime minister should take moral responsibility and resign , " Swaraj told reporters .	New audit report says lack of auctioning of mines may have cost government billions Opposition lawmakers are calling for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's resignation But PM calls report "  clearly disputable , " says "  allegations of impropriety are without basis " Singh 's government is already under fire for a series of corruption scandals
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A judge fined six Zimbabwean human rights activists $ 500 each on Wednesday for watching footage of the Arab Spring protests and threatened to send them to prison for 10 months if they fail to pay up by Monday . The defendants were among dozens arrested in February 2011 during an academic meeting in which a video was shown about last year 's revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt . Prosecutors argued that they were plotting a similar uprising in the southern African nation , and the six were convicted of conspiring to commit public violence . The fine is more than than a year 's pay for the average worker in impoverished Zimbabwe , where unemployment runs at 85 % . The defendants were also ordered to perform 420 hours of community service and warned that they would face a two-year prison term if found guilty of a similar offense within five years . "  The court has chosen a compassion approach against these accused who had strayed from the correct path , " Magistrate Kudakwashe Jarabini told the defendants in a packed hearing . The activists , who could have been sentenced to up to 10 years in prison , remained motionless , gazing into the roof of the courtroom as the magistrate read the sentence for about 30 minutes . A few people who gathered outside the court demonstrating against the ruling were arrested . Prosecutors argued that the activists wanted to incite Zimbabweans to demand the resignation of 88-year-old President Robert Mugabe , who has ruled the southern African nation for 32 years . Critics have said the charges , which initially included treason , were politically motivated . "  Obviously , we are aggrieved by the sentence as well as the conviction , " defense attorney Alec Muchadehama said . "  We are going to appeal against both the conviction and sentence . In our view , this is too harsh . " The defendants were among 46 activists arrested while attending a lecture about the popular uprising that forced Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak to resign after almost 30 years in power . Most were released . But among those charged was Munyaradzi Gwisai , a university lecturer and former lawmaker from Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's party , who called his conviction a "  shame " for Zimbabwe 's courts . "  The dictatorship is shaking . It is not yet fallen , " Gwisai said . "  This is a temporary reprieve . We are going back into the trenches . We are in the trenches . Their real aim was to put us in as an example ahead of their clear objective of stealing yet another election . " Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party is in a troubled unity government with Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change , which has called the arrests "  an abuse of state machinery by ZANU-PF to suppress the people 's views . " Mugabe has called for new elections , but Tsvangirai has threatened to boycott the poll if a referendum on a new constitution is not held . Tsvangirai called the convictions "  very , very unfortunate . One thing I would say is , it 's totally uncalled for . " But asked whether an Arab Spring-type movement is needed in Zimbabwe , he said , "  Now we are on another path of negotiation and setting up a transitional government and having elections ; there 's no need for it . "	The activists were jailed for watching a video about the Egypt and Tunisia revolts A judge ordered them to pay $ 500 by Monday or go to prison for 10 months The amount is more than a year 's pay for an average worker in Zimbabwe Prosecutors accused them of plotting a revolt against longtime President Robert Mugabe
Last December 5 , just after 7 p.m. South African time , I got a text message from one member of Nelson Mandela 's family . "  It 's imminent . " And so that 's how I knew a great man was taking his final breaths . "  It 's done , " said the next message from those who were with him at the end . It was 9 p.m. and Nelson Mandela was gone . By that stage , we were all in the CNN bureau and ready to go live , to tell the world Mandela was gone . However , I had made a promise to my sources that I would not go to air with any information they gave me about his condition until there were an official announcement by President Jacob Zuma . We waited . The televised address to the nation came just before midnight . It was a long wait , but I was so grateful to his family for trusting me with the information -- those three hours of preparation allowed me the time and space to clear my head . I am a South African , a white South African whose country was changed for the better by his visionary leadership . I had my own personal thanks to give for Mandela 's life . Then I had the responsibility of delivering this news to CNN 's global audience . That task continued for the next 11 days until he was buried in the rural hills around his boyhood home in Qunu , Eastern Cape . The immediate days after Mandela 's passing created a wonderful celebratory mood in the country -- strange as it might have seemed to others . For South Africans , it was the most natural reaction . Sadness and mourning had been done already in the months before , when he was critically ill . Now , South Africans gave thanks , paused in gratefulness and came together in ways that reflected the debt they owed to this one man . White , black , old , young gathered outside his house in Johannesburg , laying flowers and saying a personal prayer of thanks . It was astounding to watch . The manicured pavement lawns of suburban Houghton became like an altar of reflection for a time of hope and reconciliation that seemed like an age away . It was called "  Mandela Magic " -- and now that he was gone it felt like the ` magic ' that had sustained a battered , racist nation would go with him . It was always an ephemeral , false even , suggestion that Mandela saved South Africa . South Africans did it together , he just led them on the right path . Still , older South Africans brought their children , some just babies wrapped in blankets , to his home in the days after he died . Often , they dressed the kids up in their best clothes , like they were going to church , and solemnly walked to the piles of flowers on the sidewalk or loitered by the exterior walls . It was as if a whole generation of South Africans wanted their kids to feel and breathe in that last little bit of "  Mandela Magic . ' There was an important sense of occasion , a primal need to ` be there . ' At times , I watched families appear quietly outside Mandela 's home and silently soak up the atmosphere . Other times , I felt like I was watching worshipers presenting gifts to a deity , pushing forward toddlers and young kids to the front of crowds just so their children could be closer to the place where he died . In years to come , a new generation of children will be able to say , "  I was there . I said goodbye . " Mandela 's funeral was a measure of the man . I watched from inside the funeral tent and thought how apt it was that his goodbye was both about pageantry and plain-speaking . I stood by his casket as it made the final journey and softly said goodbye and thank you as that great man was laid to rest on a simple grass mat , as he had wished .	CNN journalist recalls Nelson Mandela 's death , nation 's response South Africans thronged outside his home , savoring "  Mandela Magic " Mandela 's funeral last year was a measure of the man
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Sarah Palin touched on a host of topics -- including Reaganomics , China and human rights , Tibet , the Asian and U.S. economies , family and moose in Alaska -- as she delivered a speech to investors Wednesday in Hong Kong , according to audience members . Sarah Palin 's speech at CLSA Investors ' Forum appeared to be largely well received . The former Republican vice presidential candidate was the keynote speaker at the 16th CLSA Investors ' Forum , in what was billed as her first speech outside North America . She recently stepped down as Alaska 's governor . Her 90-minute address , which was closed to the media , was heard by 1,100 people , according to CLSA head of communications Simone Wheeler . Those who attended her speech said she did well , though some could be seen leaving early on . A few of those people said they were heading to other forum offerings . Most people declined to speak with the media about the speech . Would you pay to see Sarah Palin give speech ? Soundoff below "  I ca n't say I was actually impressed , " said Mel Goode , a business developer from New York who lives in Hong Kong . "  She speaks well -- a broad spectrum of what her beliefs are , family views . "  She did n't get  into  anything too harsh ... just kept it , five children , my husband 's here , we believe in what Asia 's doing , America has a way to go to get itself back together , Reaganism . " Watch more about Palin 's trip " One area she touched on was human rights , calling on Beijing to be more attentive to the issue in Tibet and countries such as Myanmar and North Korea , he added . Read about the secrecy surrounding Palin 's speech Rajesh Kothari , a fund manager , noted that Palin 's "  address was more geared towards politics and very focused on China . " "  She did speak about the political implications of China 's rise on Asia and the region , and China with America , " he said . "  I was quite impressed by her knowledge . It seemed like she did her homework now , this time around . " Palin also spoke about Alaska , the need for less government and fewer regulations , fiscal responsibility and "  how the U.S. and Asia can be better partners on the global stage , " said Jasbeena Layman , a fund manager in the United States . "  I think she is very well spoken , " she said . Palin 's political ambitions are unclear , though she has recently attacked U.S. President Barack Obama 's health care initiative . During the 2008 presidential campaign , she was lampooned by critics and comedians for suggesting that she had foreign policy experience because she was then governor of Alaska and "  you can actually see Russia " from part of the state . Watch CNN 's Jessica Yellin report on Palin 's speech " Goode said it appeared Palin had "  learned quite a bit " from the vice presidential campaign spotlight . "  I am sure she 's taken enough criticism where , at this point , she would definitely try to learn a little bit in her mistakes , " he said . He said she shied from discussing U.S. politics , though she did say it had been 10 months since Obama took office and Americans were questioning whether he had made significant headway . Past CLSA keynote speakers include former U.S. President Bill Clinton , former Vice President Al Gore , rocker and activist Bob Geldof , South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu and former U.S. Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan , Wheeler said , noting that CLSA does not disclose whether or how much it pays speakers . "  What we look to do is invite our keynote speakers who we feel are opinion makers , who are newsworthy and who we feel our clients -- a very broad international client base -- would be interested in hearing from , " Wheeler said Monday , noting that CLSA was a politically neutral , independent brokerage . Chad Tendler , who works in the financial industry , said Palin 's speech tried "  to tick a lot of boxes , " touching on domestic and foreign policy , as well as issues that resonate with investors . He said she spoke about the U.S. relationship with China and recent issues , such as a tariff dispute between the two nations involving the sale of tires . He said her speech was "  very well scripted , " but a question-and-answer session afterward "  brought out a bit more color about her as a person " and reminded everyone of "  the candidate who we all saw campaigning for vice president . " She talked about her family , her interests and even Alaskan moose , he said . "  She said on her way to the airport in Anchorage , there was a moose in the town , " he said . "  As she arrived in Hong Kong , coming in from the airport , she was surprised -- not surprised -- but , very different from the rural setting to an urban setting . " Wheeler said Palin would be in Hong Kong only for the speech , adding that it was a short trip . Chinese-language media did not give much coverage to her appearance , and some residents and visitors were surprised to learn she was in town .	Sarah Palin speaks before about 1,000 investors at conference in Hong Kong Speech by ex-GOP vice president candidate billed as first outside North America Palin touched on China and human rights , Tibet , Asian , U.S. economies , family Bill Clinton , Al Gore have been previous speakers at investors ' conference
An extraordinary sea of dark blue flooded the streets around a Queens church Saturday morning -- thousands of police paying respects for one of two New York police officers who lost their lives in the line of duty last weekend . More than 25,000 police officers from throughout the country and even Canada came to Christ Tabernacle in the Glendale neighborhood for the funeral of Rafael Ramos , 40 . The ceremony began when a police honor guard carried Ramos ' casket into the church . Then Vice President Joe Biden , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton delivered eulogies that were notably solemn and expressive , political and apolitical . Ramos and his partner , Officer Wenjian Liu , were gunned down December 20 as they sat in their patrol car in Brooklyn . The gunman , Ismaaiyl Brinsley , shot himself at a subway shortly afterward . He earlier posted angry messages on social media against police and government , citing two black men killed by officers . Liu 's funeral will be January 4 . During Saturday 's service , Bratton announced he was appointing Ramos as an honorary NYPD chaplain and posthumously promoting Ramos and Liu to the rank of detective . The service ended with trumpeters playing taps and "  America the Beautiful " as the pallbearers carried the casket to a hearse attended by the Ramos ' widow and two sons . Several police helicopters flew in formation above a vast crowd of officers wearing white gloves , and then hundreds of police motorcyclists rumbled as lead escorts of the cortege . Officers formed endless chains holding hands in prayer during the funeral . "  I have 31 years on the job , I 've never seen such a show of support as we have today , " said Patrick Lynch , head of the city 's police union . Biden : "  It 's an uncommon fraternity " As impressive as the display of blue was under the clear skies , the tributes inside the church moved mourners to tears , applause -- even moments of levity . At times , the eulogies and officers ' reactions captured how a nation struggles with the honor and conduct of police in the wake of citizen killings . At one point , scores of officers turned their back on a large TV screen showing the live address by the mayor inside the church . Tensions between the NYPD and the mayor came to a boil during recent protests after a grand jury declined to indict an officer in the death this summer of Eric Garner in Staten Island . Lynch has said the mayor and City Hall had "  blood " on their hands for supporting critics and protesters against police . After Saturday 's funeral , Lynch declined to comment directly about the officers ' about-face . "  The feeling is real , but today is about mourning ; tomorrow is about debate , " he said . When asked what he would tell those protesting officers , Lynch stated : "  We have to understand the betrayal that they feel , but today we also come to bow our head in mourning , and tomorrow we 'll debate . " Saturday , Wiley Norvell released the following statement on behalf of the Mayor 's Office : "  The Ramos and Liu families , our police department and our city are dealing with an unconscionable tragedy . Our sole focus is unifying this city and honoring the lives of our two police officers . " On Sunday , Bratton said he believed the scores of police officers who turned their back on de Blasio during speech at the funeral acted inappropriately . "  I certainly do n't support that action yesterday . I think it was very inappropriate at that event . That funeral was held to honor Officer Ramos . And to bring politics , to bring issues into that event I think was very inappropriate and I do not support it , " Bratton told CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " On NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Bratton said the "  rift " would likely go on for a "  while longer . " "  The issues go on far beyond race relations in this city . They involve the labor contracts , they involve a lot of history ... different from some of what 's going on in the country as a whole , " Bratton said . Biden , the first eulogizer , focused on the Ramos family 's loss . "  I 'm sure I speak for the whole nation when I say our hearts ache for you , " the vice president told the family during the service . He said the thousands of officers surrounding the church "  will stand with you for the rest of your life . " "  It 's an uncommon fraternity , " Biden said of the police . He added , "  Thank God for them . " "  Amen , " some in the church said . "  This is the finest police department in the world , " Biden added , drawing applause . He added that the bullets that targeted the officers also "  targeted the city , and  they  touched the soul of an entire nation . " Cuomo mentions threats , "  abusive tirades " The governor led the congregation in delivering a round of applause to the Ramos family . Then , he made note of protesters who have taken strong exception to police conduct and the recent deaths of unarmed black men at the hands of police . Cuomo praised the professionalism of the NYPD officers during tense demonstrations in the city . "  The NYPD protected the right of free speech even though they were targets of false and abusive tirades , " the governor said . "  What a beautiful testament to their professionalism . " He also noted threats against police . "  The threats against the New York police are insults to the law-abiding and wo n't be tolerated , " Cuomo said , adding that the National Guard "  has your back every step of your way . " Anyone making threats "  will be investigated , and they will be prosecuted , " Cuomo added . Cuomo also delivered a measure of relief when he spoke of Ramos ' two sons . "  Justin and Jaden are Mets fans , which tells us a lot of about them . It means they are really tough and really committed and really , really , really loyal , " Cuomo said , drawing widespread laughter . Mayor avoids politics A couple of officers booed de Blasio when he arrived for the funeral . Some protest signs against him , including "  Dump de Blasio , " could be seen , but they were small displays and officers were largely polite . Some officers turned their backs on the church as the mayor spoke . Ill feelings toward de Blasio stem from critics ' contention that -- amid protests that arose after a grand jury 's refusal to indict a police officer in the July death of Eric Garner in Staten Island -- the mayor was not supportive of the police . Some have accused him of fomenting an anti-police fervor that contributed to the deaths of Liu and Ramos . Nonetheless , in his remarks de Blasio did not comment on protests or threats against police . Instead , he hailed Ramos for his desire to serve people in many ways . Ramos spent the last 10 weeks of his life studying to be a chaplain , and he was to graduate on the day he was killed . "  He was already serving in so many ways , and yet he felt deeply called to serve spiritually , as well , " de Blasio said . "  Our hearts are aching today , " the mayor said . "  I feel it physically . ... New York City has lost a hero -- a remarkable man because of the depth of his commitment to all around him . " He offered condolences to Ramos ' family , and then to the NYPD , who he said is "  hurting so deeply right now . " Ramos made honorary chaplain The police commissioner drew applause when he stated that Ramos "  was a hero . " The pair were killed , Bratton observed , simply because of the uniform they wore . "  They were killed because they were blue . " "  Officer Ramos was assassinated because he represented all of us , " Bratton said . Bratton drew applause again when he announced he was appointing Ramos , posthumously and effective Saturday , as honorary department chaplain for the 84th Precinct . Bratton also promoted both Ramos and Liu to detectives first grade , posthumously , drawing applause again . Livestreaming Television monitors and loudspeakers broadcast the service to the crowds packing the streets outside . The church posted a stream of photographs of Ramos ' on YouTube . The service began with a young woman the church identified as Mia Hunt-Pierce singing the national anthem . Police outside stood at attention . The church choir then sang the Christmas carol "  O Come All Ye Faithful . " NYPD Officer Rafael Ramos saw streets as his ministry Ramos leaves a wife , Maritza , and sons Justin and Jaden , the latter of whom recounted how he had to say goodbye to his father in an emotional Facebook post . "  H  e was the best father I could ask for , " Jaden wrote after the shooting . "  It 's horrible that someone gets shot dead just for being a police officer . Everyone says they hate cops but they are the people that they call for help . I will always love you and I will never forget you . RIP Dad . " Justin , the older brother , spoke at his father 's wake at the church Friday , according to CNN affiliate NY 1 . "  My father was a man of character . He was a selfless man , " the college sophomore said . "  He always went above and beyond for his family , constantly putting everyone before himself . Dad , I 'm forever grateful for the sacrifices you made to provide for me and Jaden . " Charities offer help to families of slain officers His pastor , the Rev. Rafael Castillo , said his death was a loss for the church . "  He was a man of great faith , and his faith informed his worldview , not just as a police officer , but as a husband and as a father , " Castillo said . "  And as I 've been saying , we are going to miss him a great deal . "	"  Today is about mourning ; tomorrow is about debate , " police union head says Officers who turned back on mayor at funeral feel "  betrayal , " union head adds Ramos is posthumously made honorary NYPD chaplain of 84th Precinct Ramos and partner are also promoted to detectives first grade posthumously
CNN  -- For one weekend in September more than 155 million people in six neighboring countries in one continent pull out all the stops to honor the birth of their nations . Five Central American countries -- Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica -- kick off their Independence Day celebrations on September 15 , the date when , in 1821 , they declared independence from Spain , while the following day Mexico holds its own independence celebrations . We asked people from each country to send in their best images from past and present Independence Day celebrations . From masked revelers in Guatemala to elaborately costumed dance troupes in Honduras , we received stunning images from nations proud to celebrate their beginnings . More Celebrates : The world 's best firework displays Like the best birthday celebrations , the events are marked with glorious parades , street parties , festivals and family gatherings . TV producer Brad Cordeiro was in San Juan del Sur , Nicaragua , when he captured stunning images of young women in beautiful flowing blue dresses performing in a parade held for the country 's Independence Day . "  The feel of the parade was of a lot of proud parents watching their kids participate , " he said . "  The celebration was a week long , and as San Juan del Sur is a resort town people from all over the country came to town , it felt like the whole country was there , " he said . Sometimes the celebrations can provide the most eye-opening of visuals . In Guatemala City , anthropologist Lucas de Soto captured this image of a rather motley crew of soldiers , worker and , yes , a man dressed in a bird suit during the country 's celebrations in 2011 . "  It 's ... sort of a fun side to the military that they wanted to present with the festive atmosphere , despite how ambivalent the general public is about them , " he said . "  They were dressing up as bears , and wrestlers , and handing out candy . " More Celebrates : The world 's messiest festivals Elsewhere on the continent , in Honduras , Independence day for U.S. photographer Hunter Johnson means a chance to give the orphans who live in the homes his organization houses the opportunity to take part in the many parades held to honor the day . His beautiful image captures several young girls from one of the organization 's centers proudly dressed in their dancing finery ahead of a parade in Talanga , Honduras . "  The parade I witnessed in Honduras was certainly simpler from a materialistic perspective , but it did not lack whatsoever in energy and passion among its participants , " he said . "  They were proud to don colorful outfits and march in unison as they honored their country in music and dance . "	Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica celebrate on September 15 Mexico celebrate its Independence Day , sometimes referred to as El Grito , on September 16 iReporters from all six countries shared their best Independence photos
Studies already suggest that the Mediterranean diet -- rich in fish , fruits , nuts , and olive oil -- can prevent second heart attacks , delay Alzheimer 's disease , and maybe even lower your cancer risk . Forty-four percent on Mediterranean diet needed diabetes medication , compared to 70 percent on low-fat diet . Now , new research says the Mediterranean diet may also be a winning solution for people with type 2 diabetes . Compared to people on a low-fat diet , those with type 2 diabetes who ate a Mediterranean diet lost more weight and went longer without blood-sugar-lowering medication , according to a study published this week in Annals of Internal Medicine . Type 2 diabetes , the most common form of the disease , affects more than 20 million people in the U.S. Researchers estimate that one in three children born this century will get diabetes at some point in their lives . Health.com : How I lost 100 pounds after a type 2 diabetes diagnosis "  A Mediterranean diet is n't a magic diet , but it has a lot of features that we know are generally healthful , " said Dr. Richard Hellman , an endocrinologist and clinical professor of medicine at the University of Missouri -- Kansas City School of Medicine , who was not involved in the research . In the new study , 215 overweight people -- newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes -- were randomly assigned to either a low-fat diet or a low-carbohydrate Mediterranean diet . After four years , the researchers from Second University of Naples , in Italy , found that only 44 percent of the people who stuck to a Mediterranean diet needed blood-sugar-lowering medication , compared to 70 percent of people who followed the low-fat diet . Unlike people with type 1 diabetes , who need insulin injections to survive , those with type 2 can sometimes keep blood-sugar levels in the safe range with diet and exercise alone . Health.com : Getting a good night 's sleep may lower your diabetes risk However , if those methods stop working , they may need a pill or insulin injections to manage blood sugar . "  The people on the Mediterranean diet had better blood-sugar control because of the diet , and the trigger for diabetic drugs is when blood sugar is higher than you want it to be , " explained Dr. Christine Laine , the editor of the journal . A Mediterranean diet includes vegetables , whole grains , fish , poultry , and healthy fats , such as olive oil . In the study , women on the diet were allowed 1,500 calories per day , and men were allowed 1,800 calories per day ; no more than 50 percent of calories could come from carbohydrates . Carbohydrates are found in fruit , pasta , and other healthy  and unhealthy  foods , and are largely responsible for the rise in blood sugar after eating . People with type 2 diabetes can sometimes keep their blood sugar in a healthy range by watching their carbohydrate intake . Health.com : Why carbohydrates are so important in diabetes Study subjects who ate a low-fat diet followed American Heart Association guidelines and consumed a diet rich in whole grains and low in fatty foods and sweets . Women were restricted to 1,500 calories , and men were allowed 1,800 calories ; no more than 30 percent of calories could come from fat . Those on the Mediterranean diet lost 13.6 pounds after one year and maintained an 8.4-pound loss four years later . In comparison , the low-fat-diet group lost 9.2 pounds the first year and maintained a 7-pound loss at four years . Overall , the researchers aimed to meet three American Diabetes Association goals : keep blood pressure under control ; lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol  LDL  ; and limit levels of hemoglobin A1C , a protein that 's a measure of out-of-control blood sugar . People who have diabetes are at high risk of heart attacks and strokes , so it 's important to keep an eye on all three factors . Health.com : 20 Meals that wo n't kill your cholesterol Both diets helped people reach those goals , but more people on the Mediterranean diet reached their goals than those on the low-fat diet . Hellman said he is not surprised by the findings . After all , past studies have found that the Mediterranean diet can decrease the risk of heart attacks and strokes . However , he said this study provides "  new information about diabetes , and it 's an important trial . " Health.com : 15 diabetes-friendly recipes One limitation of the study is that the researchers who prescribed medication knew if a patient was on the low-fat or Mediterranean diet . Laine said she does n't think this affected the results , but Hellman pointed out that a researcher who is more biased toward a specific diet may have a "  higher threshold " of when to give medication . Regardless , Hellman said he would recommend the Mediterranean diet to his patients . "  If you had a choice , this would be the better choice , " he said . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Eating Mediterranean diet , people lost more weight and needed less medication 44 percent needed diabetes medication , compared to 70 percent on low-fat diet Mediterranean diets are rich in fish , fruits , nuts , and olive oil
CNN  -- Grammy Award-winning singer Shakira has joined the growing chorus of opposition to Arizona 's new immigration law . Shakira met with leaders Thursday in Arizona Thursday before talking about the issue on CNN 's "  AC 360 . " She said some police and lawmakers in Arizona are worried about how the new law will be implemented . "  The mayor is very , very worried , as well as the chief of police here , " Shakira said . "  They 're both very worried about the impact that implementation of this law will have on Latino families , the level of abuse that will be inflicted on Latinos , with or without papers . " The new measure requires Arizona police to determine whether people are in the United States legally if there is a reason to suspect they are n't . The law , scheduled to go into effect 90 days after the close of the state 's legislative session , would require immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times . Supporters claim it is needed to control illegal immigration . Critics counter , saying it will create government-sanctioned racial profiling . Shakira said she talked to women in Arizona who said they were scared about how the law would affect them . "  I just met with some families and women who have been subjected to domestic violence , and they are so concerned , " the singer said . "  They 're going to live in fear to call the police or to report a crime that has been inflicted to them . They 're trying to protect their kids and their own families from abusers . and now they 're going to have to protect themselves from the government . " iReport : Shakira protests immigration law The Colombian singer said when she was in Arizona on Thursday , she thought about how the new law would affect her . "  If this law was already in effect today , for example , I could be detained and arrested and taken away because I do n't even have my driver 's license here . I 'm completely undocumented here , " Shakira said .	Shakira says she would be arrested if Arizona 's immigration law was in effect today Grammy winner says public officials , police concerned about implementation of law New law requires immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times
CNN  -- Has your Facebook feed become a gauzy parade of white gowns and veils ? You 're not alone . Those status updates that declare undying love , with pictures to prove it , can stop you in your tracks . Suddenly the life that was keeping you completely contented only moments ago looks like a series of doors shutting in your face . As a single 27-year-old career woman , the summer wedding season brought it home for me . It was n't the seemingly endless slew of princess gowns and big , shiny rocks dominating my newsfeed per se . Sure , I 'll admit to a touch of dress envy . But it 's nothing that an online shopping session ca n't fix . It 's not even that I 'm lonely . I 've long prided myself on my bravery and willingness to try new things . In pursuit of my dream career , I have moved to new cities by myself , met amazing people , had exciting experiences and even got some world travel in along the way . I love my life and the choices I 've made . Yet as the smiling faces of girls in white dresses I had n't seen since high school stared at me from my computer screen , I could n't help but feel I was suddenly looking at the path I had n't taken . I love the choices I 've made , but did I regret some of them ? "  I , unlike the Facebook updates in regards to weddings and babies have spent my 20s going to grad school , teaching both overseas/out of state and traveling , " an old college friend recently wrote me . "  Despite being content and loving it  most of the time  , it 's easy to question your lifestyle when you see those around you  via facebook  settling down and choosing different paths , leaving you to question your own . " "  The newsfeed crushes my soul on a daily basis , " said another friend whose wedding pics I recently ogled on Facebook . "  Between the babies and people getting to travel to awesome places that I can not afford , it drives me nuts . Also the awful girl from undergrad who currently has my dream job/life and frequently posts about how awesome it is ... " She 's got a point . It 's not only the weddings , but the awesome jobs and enviable social lives . Oh , right , and the babies . I 'm lucky not to feel the twinges of baby envy yet . In fact , while the giggling , gurgling , smiling faces are cute , seeing them on my newsfeed helps put my own choices in perspective . What 's right for someone else probably is n't right for me . Not right now , anyway . Face it , Facebook : Sometimes you suck The conclusion my friend helped me draw was a good one . For every profile I stalk that makes me contemplate the choices I did or did n't make , someone out there may be thinking the same thing about my latest vacation photos or newest bylines . So what gives ? Are we all doomed until we delete our accounts ? Maybe , says Dr. Joy Browne , radio host and licensed clinical psychologist . "  When people who are like us seem to be getting something we want there is certainly a tinge , but we like them for other reasons . " If a friend calls to say she is engaged , promoted , packing up to spend a month in India , it is normal to feel jealous , Brown said . But the intimacy of true friendship often mitigates whatever unpleasant feelings may creep up when you hear something good is happening to someone else . Tired of baby pics on Facebook ? Try this ! With Facebook , that true intimacy is n't there , Brown said . "  If you got engaged , you 'd certainly call a limited number of people and they 'd be happy for you . " Instead , Facebook creates what Browne calls pseudo-intimacy . A global posting board for those you kind of know or once knew to list their achievements neatly for you to ponder and compare with your own . "  It 's a public forum for what is basically private information , " Brown said . Another friend told me Facebook has made her compare the life she has to one she left behind . "  Just seeing so many from grade school going through big life changes and it makes you question what you 're doing , " she said . "  I see people buying houses and I am still throwing my money away on rent . But I think that is normal when you live in a city and come from a small town . " Another friend said , "  Facebook , the good , lets me feel like I 'm still in the loop with everyone . I know where people went on someone 's birthday , or who got what job or went on what vacation without having to actually be there . Facebook , the bad , gives you that fear of missing out . Or the fear that I made the wrong choice in moving . This feeling usually comes around big holidays or events like a birthday or the million wedding things that are going on . " To combat these feelings , Browne said , "  my first suggestion is you do n't use Facebook as your primary barometer of how your life is going . You just do n't have enough underpinning to evaluate the statements . " As for dealing with the jealously that can crop up while cruising Facebook , my friends recommended stepping away from the computer and soaking in some sunshine or a spending time with nonvirtual people , to keep things in perspective . So now when Facebook makes me long for someone else 's fairy tale , I just remember that life is full of give and take , luck and circumstance , decisions carefully weighed , successes and struggles . A status update is n't your life story . Have you been punched in the gut by Facebook ? Share what sparked your strong social media reaction in the comments section below .	Wedding season brought a string of nuptial-themed posts to Sari Zeidler 's Facebook newsfeed Zeidler questioned her life choices when faced with friends ' happy status updates Friends agreed that news of weddings , babies and new jobs can cause self-doubt Dr. Joy Browne says putting social media posts in context is key to a healthy attitude
CNN  -- It looks like that "  deep rift " among the Jonas Brothers has led to a breakup . The boy band , which recently canceled a planned 19-show national tour following a disagreement over musical direction , is no longer a group . "  It 's over for now , " Kevin Jonas , 25 , told People magazine , which first reported the news . His brother Joe , 24 , called it a "  unanimous decision . " Jonas Brothers cancel tour amid ` deep rift ' The three decided to go their separate ways after Nick Jonas , 21 , spoke up during an October 3 meeting , according to the magazine . "  I was feeling kind of trapped , " Nick said . "  I needed to share my heart with my brothers . " The Jonas Brothers skyrocketed to fame through the Disney Channel 's "  Camp Rock " movie series . They signed with Disney 's Hollywood Records label in 2007 , and their albums -- including solo projects -- have sold 20 million copies worldwide . But in recent years , each brother has broken out with his own projects : Kevin and his wife , Danielle , have a reality show on E! and are expecting their first child . Joe has gone in a more adult direction with his music career , and both he and his brother Nick have released solo albums and expanded into acting . No purity ring for this Jonas in new video Rumblings that the band was in a pretty bad spot have grown louder over the past few weeks after a spokesman confirmed there was "  a deep rift " within the pop group . On October 17 , their official Twitter account was deactivated , and Joe Jonas asked fans via his personal account on October 22 to "  please hold while we get our s *** together . " The three worked together on new music earlier this year , releasing singles "  Pom Poms " and "  First Time , " but one industry insider told People it could be "  the beginning of the end . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Rachel Wells and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The Jonas Brothers have broken up , People reports Kevin Jonas tells magazine the group is "  over for now " The news follows the band 's earlier tour cancellation
Pensacola , Florida  CNN  -- As oil drifted onto beaches as far east as the Florida Panhandle , a BP official said Saturday the company was pleased with its operation to funnel crude up from the ruptured undersea well to a drilling ship a mile above on the Gulf of Mexico . BP Senior Vice President Bob Fryar said the company funneled about 250,000 gallons of oil in the first 24 hours from a containment cap installed on the well to a drilling ship on the ocean surface . "  That operation has gone extremely well , " Fryar said at an Alabama news conference . "  We are very pleased . " That 's about 31 percent of the 798,000 gallons of crude federal authorities estimate is gushing into the sea every day . The company 's progress was not enough to temper the frustration seething among residents along the coastline . Tony Kennon , the mayor of Orange Beach , Alabama , confronted Fryar at the afternoon news conference for not acting promptly when reports of tar balls washing ashore surfaced . Visibly upset , Kennon said local officials have been asking to meet with BP officials for over a month , but their requests went unanswered . "  If you sensed our frustration , you would have been here a lot sooner , " Kennon told Fryar . "  People in Orange Beach are starving to death now because they ca n't get out to catch the fish . " BP engineers are hoping to increase the amount being funneled to the drilling ship but have to be careful about the pressure within the cap that was placed on the well head a few days ago , said Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the federal government 's response manager . Allen told reporters at a briefing Saturday that BP plans to shut valves in the cap -- which are allowing oil to escape -- once the pressure is eased . The ultimate capacity of the operation is 630,000 captured gallons a day , still shy of the amount spewing . Earlier , coastal residents had anxiously awaited news of BP 's progress as elevated southerly winds pushed the perimeter of the spilled oil to shorelines as far east as the Florida Panhandle . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicted that scattered tar balls and light sheen would impact beaches as far east as Bay County , home to popular destinations in Panama City . Florida beaches remained open Saturday but the number of beachgoers was down . Sun and surf were interrupted by sticky brown globs of oil washing up on the sugary sand and workers with blue rubber gloves and plastic bags trying to keep the beach clean . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist walked the beach accompanied by "  Margaritaville " singer Jimmy Buffet , who is building a hotel on the Pensacola shoreline . "  I saw some tar balls , " Crist said . "  It 's terrible when you see something like that . It breaks your heart . " Florida Sen. George LeMieux , a Republican , demanded that BP donate $ 1 billion for a cleanup fund for the five Gulf states and said that President Obama "  needs to push them to do that . " "  I want to see this president more engaged here on the ground , working through problems , " LeMieux said . The oil slick has already threatened ecologically sensitive lands along the Gulf Coast . Images of oil-drenched pelicans were all over the internet , prompting even more public anger toward BP . Obama sought in his weekly address Saturday to ease fear along the Gulf Coast by reaffirming his commitment to clean up the worst oil spill in U.S. history . "  It 's brutally unfair . It 's wrong , " Obama said in the address , recorded a day earlier in Grand Isle , Louisiana . "  And what I told these men and women -- and what I have said since the beginning of this disaster -- is that I 'm going to stand with the people of the Gulf Coast until they are made whole . " It appeared that BP was making progress after capping the breached well head , Obama said , but he said the federal government was "  prepared for the worst . " He cited a series of statistics that illuminated the "  largest response to an environmental disaster of this kind in the history of our country . " They are as follows : • 17,500 National Guard troops authorized for deployment . • 20,000 people currently working to protect water and coastlines . • 1,900 vessels are in the Gulf assisting in the cleanup . • 4.3 million feet of boom deployed with another 2.9 million feet of boom available , enough to stretch 1,300 miles . • 17 staging areas across Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida to rapidly defend sensitive shorelines . Meanwhile , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Saturday reopened an area of the Gulf to fishing . After reviewing images and data , the agency reopened more than 13,000 square miles west of the Florida Keys and Dry Tortugas . At the same time , it closed 2,275-square miles off the Florida Panhandle , extending the northern boundary just east of the western edge of Choctawhatchee Bay . That means that 32 percent of the Gulf still remains off-limits for fishing . The BP well erupted after an explosion and fire on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 . Eleven people on board died and the BP-leased rig sank two days later , leaving up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil pouring into the Gulf daily , according to federal estimates . BP has struggled to contain the gushing oil , trying myriad methods to plug the well and divert the crude . Thursday was the first time the British oil giant was able to report progress , when it successfully lowered a containment cap on the ruptured well . Even if the funneling procedure is able to contain most of the oil , the solution is temporary , Allen said . The gushing well can only be killed after BP completes drilling of two relief wells . Allen said the first relief well is about 7,000 feet below the ocean floor . BP will have to go down to between 16,000 and 18,000 feet to be able to intercept the breached well . The long-term threat , Allen said , will not go away until a relief well is completed . BP has said the earliest that will be done is August .	NEW : BP official "  pleased " with containment progress NEW : Alabama mayor confronts BP official BP collects 250,000 gallons of oil in first 24 hours of funneling BP hopes to increase that amount as pressure in cap eases
CNN  -- Rap star T.I. threw himself a going-away party Sunday night , less than two days before he was scheduled to begin serving a prison sentence on federal weapons charges . T.I. performed to a packed crowd Sunday , days before he was to start a prison term . The Grammy-winning rapper performed at Atlanta 's Philips Arena before a packed house . He is scheduled to head to prison Tuesday to start a 366-day sentence . During Sunday 's concert , the 28-year-old reiterated a message that 's become familiar in recent weeks : He wants others to learn from his mistakes . "  I 'm doing the best I can to get out there , man , and put something positive on these young kids , man , " T.I. said during the show . "  I try my best . I need y' all help , though . " The rapper played to a sell-out crowd of 16,000 people , said Kenan Woods , a spokesman for the arena . T.I. , whose given name is Clifford Harris , played through much of his catalog , including the hits "  Whatever You Like , " "  Live Your Life " and the Grammy-winning "  Swagga Like Us , " Woods said . At times in the show , Harris was joined on stage by fellow rapper Soulja Boy and by his five children and mother , Woods said . He was greeted by a welcoming crowd , and some members of the audience held up signs supporting him . Tickets for the show started at just $ 10 , according to the arena , which called the event "  T.I. 's Final Goodbye Bash . " Harris has been the subject of an MTV reality show , "  T.I. 's Road to Redemption , " in the lead-up to the prison term . He was sentenced in March on weapons charges related to purchasing machine guns and silencers . In addition to serving prison time , T.I. was placed on house arrest , was given community service and was ordered to pay a $ 100,300 fine . Though he had been in legal trouble before , Harris ' current situation began when he was arrested just hours before he was to perform at the BET Hip-Hop Awards in Atlanta . The rapper had provided a bodyguard with $ 12,000 to buy weapons . Harris was not permitted to own any guns , however , because he was convicted in 1998 on felony drug charges -- possession of crack cocaine with intent to distribute -- in Cobb County , in suburban Atlanta . After his arrest , he entered a plea agreement , which federal authorities called unique because it allowed the rapper to remain out of prison for a year while he performed community service . Harris has already left a strong mark on the hip-hop genre , music experts told CNN , which should position his career well when he is released . Harris had been named to the Forbes list of top-earning rappers , making an estimated $ 16 million in 2006 . Some music industry observers have said T.I. 's prison term will only make him more popular . "  I think that if anything , it will gain him more fans and actually support his fan base , because he 's talked about making a mistake , " Emil Wilbekin , editor in chief of Giant Magazine , told CNN . "  He 's talked about taking care of the error of his ways . " The Atlanta rapper has expressed remorse for the situation . "  I would like to say thank you to some and apologize to others , " he said at his sentencing in March . "  In my life , I have been placed in the worst-case scenario and had to make the best of it . " In a March interview with CNN 's T.J. Holmes , Harris said he no longer felt like he needed to carry weapons to protect himself . He said people should not idolize him for what he 's gone through , but should take note of the fact that he has taken responsibility for his actions . "  You should n't take the things that I 've gone through , and the negative parts of my life , and admire me for that . If anything , admire me for how I 've accepted responsibility for the part I played in placing myself in these situations , and what I 've done to recover from it , " Harris said .	T.I. performed Sunday , less than two days before his prison term starts The rapper has been sentenced in connection with federal weapons charges His prison term of one year and one day starts Tuesday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Ohio death row inmate who says he is too overweight to be executed took his plea to the Supreme Court on Friday . Richard Cooey , 41 , and an accomplice were convicted of the 1986 murders of two college students . Richard Cooey is scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday and has exhausted most of his state and federal appeals . Gov. Ted Strickland earlier Friday denied the 41-year-old prisoner 's clemency petition . Cooey murdered two college students in 1986 . The justices were expected to decide whether he should receive a stay of execution , and whether to address the larger constitutional claims over when a convicted person is medically unfit for capital punishment . His lawyers have argued that the inmate -- at 5-foot-7 and 267 pounds -- is "  morbidly obese , " and has gained about 70 pounds since his incarceration at age 19 . Prison food and confinement in his cell for 23 hours a day , limiting his opportunities for exercise , contributed to his weight problem , his legal team said in recent court filings . Cooey also says regular medication he takes for migraines will weaken the effectiveness of an anesthetic used in the a three-drug cocktail administered during execution . He says his veins are weakened because of his health issues , and the lethal drugs would amount to cruel and unusual punishment . In 2003 , one day before Cooey was scheduled to die , a judge stopped his execution on issues unrelated to his health claims . A federal appeals court ruled Thursday that Cooey waited too long to raise the medical issues , saying he "  knew of and could have filed suit over vein access prior to July 2005 . " Cooey and a then-17-year-old accomplice were convicted of the brutal murders of Wendy Offredo and Dawn McCreery , students at the University of Akron . The men had been tossing concrete slabs onto Interstate 77 , and one of them struck Offredo 's car . Pretending to rescue the women , Cooey and Clinton Dickens took them to a remote field , according to prosecutors . There , the students were subjected to 3 1/2 hours of rape , torture , stabbings and fatal bludgeonings . Cooey had carved an "  X " into the stomachs of both women , prosecutors said . Each man blamed the other for delivering the fatal blows , but both were convicted of murder . Dickens received a life sentence because of his age . Cooey tried to escape from death row in 2005 , when corrections officials said he constructed a ladder from magazines and bedsheets in an effort to scale the barrier around an outdoor recreation area . At an August clemency hearing , Jon Offredo , brother of one of the victims , said , "  Our family has never gotten an apology from Richard Cooey . We 've gotten blatant lies and excuses . Is an apology too much to ask ? How could he commit such a heinous act and not feel regret ? " But Cooey 's lawyer , Dana Cole , said his client is sorry for his crimes . The high court has not offered clear guidelines on what medical standards need to be met before an inmate is eligible for death . But in a case five years ago , the justices allowed inmates to at least make a claim that their specific physical or medical issues could be cause to block an execution . The high court had sided with a convicted Alabama killer who claimed his veins were so damaged from years of drug abuse that executioners might have to cut deeply into his flesh to administer the deadly drugs . Writing for the unanimous court , then-Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said the court was not going to "  open the floodgates to all manner of method-of-execution challenges , " as Alabama feared . "  Our holding is extremely limited . " That inmate is still on death row . Richard Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center , a data-resource group that opposes capital punishment , said the Supreme Court indicated that "  how you 're going to be executed is a civil rights matter , the same as if you were discriminated -LSB- against -RSB- on the basis of race or gender or something like that . " A Washington state killer was given a reprieve in 1994 after claiming he was too obese to hang . Mitchell Rupe at one time was more than 425 pounds , but weight-loss surgery in prison had reduced that to 275 pounds over the years . Subsequent legal efforts to execute him failed . He died in prison two years ago from a long illness . The Ohio case is Cooey v. Strickland .	Richard Cooey , set to die Tuesday , has exhausted most state , federal appeals Justices are expected to decide whether he should receive stay of execution They could also address constitutional claims about medical fitness for execution Cooey : Drug interaction , weakened veins would make punishment cruel , unusual
CNN  -- Thursday night 's debate was the Joe Biden show . And like many shows , the beginning was excellent , the middle was painful to watch , and the finish was what we expected . The beginning : I 'm calling it the first 45 minutes . The vice president was at his best . Yes , he had some smiles , but he had those four years ago . This time it was more obvious because the camera was always on him , and his teeth seemed so white as to make a dentist blush . Seriously , put the bleach tray down , Joe , or there wo n't be enough left over for washing the dirty clothes . However , Biden followed those smiles  and laughs -- which I do n't like and always recommend against  with indignation about what Paul Ryan was saying . He followed those smiles with arguments that Ryan was wrong on his facts , wrong on his history and wrong about President Barack Obama . Had it not been clear that Biden was smiling because he thought Ryan was saying something ridiculous , it would have bothered me more . But for me , the smiles did n't get in the way too much once I put my Ray-Bans on . For the first 45 minutes , Biden dominated the discussion . The domination began with him telling Ryan , "  With all due respect , that 's a bunch of malarkey . " Biden never let up . He hammered away on the topic of Iran , arguing that the Republicans would n't have been successful at getting support for sanctions from either Russia or China . Opinion : Feisty Biden , wonky Ryan Foreign policy is Biden 's wheelhouse . So when the topic came to Israel and Ryan continued Mitt Romney 's line that Obama does n't consider Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a close ally , Biden had one of his best moments . He said "  Bibi " Netanyahu has "  been my friend 39 years . " So he both reminded us of his experience in foreign policy and made clear that he considers Netanyahu such a friend that he calls him by his nickname . It was an excellent moment for Biden . Biden 's strength in this debate was his approach to the middle class and senior citizens . He never failed to take an opportunity to remind the American public that Romney is "  a guy who says 47 % of the American people are unwilling to take responsibility for their own lives . " Biden tied Romney 's "  47 % " comments  even saying , "  If you heard that little soliloquy on 47 % and you think he just made a mistake , then I got a bridge to sell you "  into his best points of the evening . He looked right at the camera and said , "  Folks , use your common sense . Who do you trust on this ? " and "  Folks , follow your instincts " on issues such as Medicare vouchers and Social Security privatization . At one point he spoke directly to seniors . It was a nice touch . But then inertia took over . I 'll call this the next 30 minutes . After running right over Ryan , with the Republican barely making headway for the first 45 minutes , Biden lost control of the car . The over-steering was perhaps due to excessive coaching after the president 's lackluster debate . At any rate , once he had run over Ryan , it was a quick swerve in the other direction , and then Biden thumped the moderator , Martha Raddatz , with interrupting indignation . Then Biden accidentally hit the gas instead of the brake pedal . His runaway berating was now headed toward the townsfolk . Biden kept pointing his finger menacingly . At first , only Ryan was the victim of the loose finger . But then Biden became trigger-happy with that finger-as-weapon . Raddatz could n't duck fast enough and became the next target . Strafing the audience indiscriminately with his scolding , Biden was now pointing and shaking his index finger at anything that moved . Opinion : Partisans are fired up on both sides This was cringe-worthy . Biden was so wound up that he was like that family member you 're warned about before the big Thanksgiving get-together . "  Now , do n't get Uncle Billy riled up , because once he gets going , nobody will enjoy their pumpkin pie . " Yep . Biden turned into Uncle Billy . He simply did n't know , or did n't have the capability to turn his frustration and emotions off . He interrupted , pointed and scolded so often that I think he finished one point with the phrase , "  You kids get out of my yard . " Yet he calmed down and was saved by a personal question about abortion . Yes , Biden 's emotions were put back in check by talking about a woman 's right to choose . You know it 's a crazy debate when that happens . And for the rest of the debate , he was back to regular Joe . He still made emotional appeals , but they were more in check . He was very good again for the last 15 minutes . By the way , who was that high school debater up on the stage with Biden ? Ryan reminded me of so many debaters I 've seen in the past . Youthful , with ideas -- but in a critical debate they get lost . I 'm not sure Ryan demonstrated that he 's what we need in these tough times . He lacked passion , and he seemed a bit wet behind the ears . Did he do badly ? By no means . He never lost his cool and he was n't rude . But with his youthful appearance , and his taking a back seat to Biden , Ryan was overshadowed . Ryan did nothing to win or lose the debate . He just disappeared . Ryan underperformed to Biden 's over-performance . One way or the other , good and bad , it was Joe Biden 's show . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Thursday night 's debate was the Joe Biden show , says debate coach Todd Graham For the first half , the vice president was at his best , Graham says Biden 's strength was his approach to middle class and senior citizens , he says Graham : For much of the second half though , Biden seemed out of control
CNN  -- Prosecutors on Friday dropped human trafficking charges against a Saudi princess , saying a domestic servant living with her in Southern California was not being held against her will as previously alleged . Meshael Alayban , 42 , was charged in July after the 30-year-old woman alleged that , among other things , she was n't free to leave Alayban 's condominium in Irvine . But an extensive investigation after Alayban 's arrest determined that while the servant might have believed the allegations , the woman 's movements were n't restrained and Alayban was n't guilty , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told reporters outside a courtroom after a judge dismissed the case Friday morning . "  The evidence indicates very strongly at this point that the  domestic servant  was not actually the victim of human trafficking , and so this case had to be dismissed , " Rackauckas said . Alayban , one of the wives of Saudi Prince Abdulrahman bin Nasser bin Abdulaziz al Saud , was arrested and charged after the servant , originally from Kenya , left the condominium , flagged down a bus and then talked to police . The woman accused Alayban of paying her only $ 220 month , significantly less than the $ 1,600 a month she said she was promised . The woman also claimed that she was denied medical care , and that , when she arrived in Saudi Arabia to work for the family before following Alayban to California , the family confiscated her passport , authorities said . But a post-charging investigation revealed that the "  original terms of her employment were not what had been stated , " and that the other allegations also did n't bear out , Rackauckas said . "  The fact is she did receive medical care , and ... there really was not the restriction of her movements and her freedom to come and go as she certainly believed , " Rackauckas said . Rackauckas said the movements of the family 's other four workers were not restricted . "  I do n't think  the servant  was lying to us . I think that there was a lot of misunderstanding and misapprehension , " Rackauckas said , One of Alayban 's attorneys , Paul Meyer , told reporters he thanks Rackauckas "  for standing up and doing the right thing . " "  Our sense is justice was done in this case , " Meyer said . "  The princess is innocent , and we are now satisfied that 's been shown . " Alayban 's family and the five workers had traveled to the United States in May . At the time of Alayban 's arrest , police said all five workers were in good health and there were no indications of physical abuse . This would have been the first forced labor human trafficking case to be prosecuted in Orange County under California 's Proposition 35 , which passed in November and increased the penalty for human trafficking . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Chandrika Narayan contributed to this report .	District attorney says Meshael Alayban did n't hold domestic servant against her will Servant also alleged that she was denied health care and that she was n't paid as promised Prosecutor : Servant did get health care , and other allegations did n't hold up Alayban was arrested in California after servant went to police
CNN  A man suspected of killing two people during a "  street race " has turned himself in to Los Angeles Police . Henry Gevorgyan , 21 , surrendered to authorities Saturday night in connection with the fatal hit-and-run that left two onlookers dead . He was charged Sunday with murder , according to LAPD spokesman Officer Jack Richter , and held at the LAPD jail in Van Nuys with bail set at $ 2 million . The crash happened Thursday in the San Fernando Valley neighborhood of Chatsworth . Gevorgyan was driving a gray Ford Mustang and was allegedly racing another vehicle "  and struck several pedestrian spectators , " police said . Authorities said he fled the scene of the accident along with the driver of the other car . One man died at the scene , another died at a local hospital from his injuries . A third pedestrian is hospitalized in stable condition . "  Many view this as an entertainment , glamorous activity . I think it 's important for the public to know that this is illegal , dangerous and an all too deadly activity , " Capt. John McMahon told CNN affiliate KCAL/KCBS . Video from the scene showed the smashed Mustang on a sidewalk . The car reportedly spun 180 degrees before landing between a fire hydrant and a utility pole . The driver of the other vehicle involved in the crash has not been found .	Suspect in hit-and-run that left two onlookers dead is charged with murder Henry Gevorgyan , 21 , surrendered to authorities Saturday night
CNN  A British football team has vowed to support any criminal action brought against its fans who were filmed as they physically stopped a black man from getting on the Paris metro Tuesday . The amateur video obtained by The Guardian , and posted on its website , shows the man make multiple attempts to board a train at Richelieu-Drouot station , only to be pushed away each time by a group of passengers . The group , who appear to be Chelsea supporters , can then be heard chanting : "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " Chelsea were in France to play Paris Saint-Germain in a Champions League first-leg tie - Europe 's premier football tournament -- which finished 1-1 . "  Such behavior is abhorrent and has no place in football or society , " said statement released by Chelsea Wednesday . "  We will support any criminal action against those involved in such behavior , and should evidence point to the involvement of Chelsea season ticket holders or members the club will take the strongest possible action against them including banning orders . " Both French and British police have said they will analyze the footage . "  Police measures were deployed last night for the football match in order to prevent any violence . None occurred , " French law enforcement told CNN . "  The police department only found out about this incident once the video was uploaded on the internet . "  The prefect then wished for the Chelsea supporters to be identified . The Paris prosecutor has opened an investigation and is now in charge . " A Metropolitan Police statement added : "  We will , of course , assist French authorities to identify the people involved and support them in any action they choose to take . " UEFA , the body which governs European football , said it was appalled by the footage , but as it occurred outside of the stadium it could not take any punitive action . British expatriate Paul Nolan , who CNN was not immediately able to contact , says he filmed the incident on his phone at Richelieu-Drouot station . "  The doors were open and I could see and hear that a lot of chanting was going on , " Nolan told The Guardian . "  It looked like it was quite aggressive so I just took out by phone to record it . "  He was obviously completely shocked when they pushed him off . I do n't think he realised who they were . He then tried to get on again and got pushed off a second time . " Sepp Blatter , the president of football 's global governing body FIFA , also took to Twitter to register his disapproval . "  I also condemn the actions of a small group of Chelsea fans in Paris , " tweeted Blatter . "  There is no place for racism in football ! " This is not the first racism allegation to be leveled against the London club in recent times . In 2012 , team captain John Terry was banned for four matches and fined $ 356,000 for racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry was , however , found not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing at Westminster Magistrates ' Court in July of the same year .	Group of Chelsea ` fans ' filmed abusing a black man on the Paris metro The club has condemned the footage and pledged to support any criminal action Chelsea was in Paris for a Champions League match against Paris Saint-Germain
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber must pay $ 80,900 restitution for damage caused to his former neighbor 's mansion by eggs he threw . The pop star accepted a plea deal to settle a vandalism charge that puts him on probation for two years . The probation will be supervised until he completes 12 weekly anger management sessions , works five days of community labor and pays the restitution . The sentence also requires Bieber to stay at least 100 yards way from the victim 's family . Bieber must let the probation officer know if he is deported or otherwise leaves the country , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Leland Harris said . "  Justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind him , " his representative said in a written statement . "  He will continue to move forward focusing on his career and his music . " The misdemeanor charge was filed Wednesday morning by the Los Angeles County District attorney five months after a sheriff 's investigator recommended it be prosecuted as a felony . Assistant District Attorney Alan Yochelson told the judge that while the damage to Jeffrey Schwartz 's "  dream house " was "  incredible " he did not think it warranted a felony charge . Yochelson called it "  an extremely immature and silly act " that caused "  incredible amount of damage " to what the neighbors considered their "  dream house . " Bieber 's lawyer previously called it a "  silly prank . " Bieber , 20 , was not required to be in court . Attorney Shawn Holley , known for her frequent appearances defending Lindsay Lohan , entered the "  no contest " plea on his behalf in a Van Nuys , California , court Wednesday afternoon . Is Justin Bieber getting special treatment ? The vandalism case is what lawyers call a "  wobbler , " meaning the district attorney could have prosecuted it as a felony -- which would have much more serious consequences for the singer -- or as a misdemeanor . Bieber has since moved from the neighborhood , selling the mansion to Khloe Kardashian . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' Bieber 's drunken driving charge in Miami is also still pending , although a source close to that case said talks are under way to reach a plea deal to avoid a trial . Justin Bieber avoids felony robbery charge in cell phone ` tussle ' Los Angeles prosecutors decided in June not to pursue charges against Bieber for an incident in which a Los Angeles woman accused him of trying to take her cell phone . Justin Bieber caught in racial controversy The egging case began when the singer 's neighbor called 911 to report that someone was throwing eggs over a fence from Bieber 's home . Residents of the exclusive community had previously reported several incidents allegedly involving Bieber , including speeding on the residential streets . Investigators with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department searched Bieber 's home on January 14 for video from Bieber 's security cameras they hoped would show what happened . They later presented prosecutors of video they said supports a vandalism charge against Bieber , an investigator said . Bieber house guest Lil Za , a rapper whose real name is Xavier Smith , was arrested on a felony drug charge during the raid . Deputies added a vandalism charge when he damaged a jail phone . He later accepted a plea deal for probation . Bieber buddy Lil Za gets probation for drug , vandalism charges	NEW : "  Justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind him , " his rep says Bieber must serve two years probation , pay $ 80,900 to his neighbor Bieber still faces drunk driving charge in Miami Investigators called for a more serious felony charge against the singer
Nashua , New Hampshire  CNN  -- "  I read all about my condition on the Internet , " a recent patient proudly told me . Like other doctors , I 'm seeing more patients research their symptoms thoroughly before setting foot in the exam room . Patients are using the Web in unprecedented ways for their own health empowerment . According to the Pew Internet & American Life Project , 61 percent of American adults looked online for health information in 2009 , up from 46 percent in 2000 . These "  e-patients " are an essential part of the health care team , and play an increasingly influential role in the shared decision making process with their physicians . Health technology commentator Esther Dyson observed in the Journal of Participatory Medicine that "  the amount of medical knowledge is beyond the reach of any one person , " and , "  because clinicians are overwhelmed ... a huge amount of responsibility is devolving to individuals . " But she also noted that e-patients encounter physicians "  who are often hostile to their efforts . " Indeed , not every physician is enamored with the e-patient . In a TIME opinion piece , orthopedic surgeon Scott Haig called a patient who Googled her own health information a "  brainsucker . " And , frustrated with the time needed to engage e-patients , he wondered , "  if there -LSB- were -RSB- patients like this in poor , war-torn countries where the need for doctors is more dire . " Most doctors , however , want their patients to be conscientious about their health and informed about their diseases . In a recent survey , health marketing firm Manhattan Research found that virtually all doctors had patients who searched for health information online , and more than two-thirds of physicians found this to be a positive trend . Given that the majority of doctors support those who take a pro-active stance with their health , why would some patients perceive physicians as hostile to their empowerment ? Simply put , our health system does not promote the communication necessary for physicians to engage e-patients . Most primary care doctors practice in an environment dominated by 15-minute office visits , where encounters are rushed and questions discouraged . Patients , on average , are interrupted less than 20 seconds after they start talking , and half of them leave their appointment without fully understanding what the doctor actually said . As far back as a decade ago , more than two-thirds of physicians already reported not having enough time to spend with patients . And in the face of rising practice and malpractice insurance costs , doctors today are more fiscally pressured than ever to see a greater number of patients . Harvard internist Katherine Treadway wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine that this leads to "  care -LSB- becoming -RSB- increasingly fragmented , leaving patients angry and doctors frustrated . The time demands have exploded , which has eroded everyone 's ability to develop the personal , long-term relationships that are a great source of satisfaction for providers and comfort for patients . " Furthermore , as other industries have embraced e-mail and digital record keeping , there is little financial incentive for doctors to use them . When a primary care doctor routinely sees 30 patients or more in a day , combined with hours wasted on health insurer bureaucracy , taking the additional time to e-mail patients is not fiscally feasible when it is not reimbursed by Medicare or most health insurers . And with doctors receiving only 11 percent of the savings from implementing expensive digital records -- most of which goes to health insurance companies or the government -- it 's no wonder that only 13 percent of physicians have implemented an electronic record system . Most doctors applaud patients who want to play an active role in their health . But neither the time physicians spend with their patients , nor the use of the tools necessary to facilitate a stronger patient-doctor relationship , are valued . Instead of encouraging physicians to see more patients , Medicare and the health insurers need to reward doctors who take the effort to engage e-patients both in the exam room and outside the clinic . E-patients can help , by recognizing the constraints on physicians and demanding that changes be made in the health system that will help doctors better meet the needs of empowered patients . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	More patients thoroughly research their conditions online Dr. Kevin Pho says they expect doctors who can respond to their concerns using new tools He says doctors work in a pressured environment with little time to fully interact with patients Pho : Doctors need incentives to encourage them to engage with e-patients
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- For Martin McGuinness , shaking Queen Elizabeth II 's hand is the biggest single step yet on his road from feared paramilitary commander to politician . It 's a transformation that has taken place over decades : From the shaggy-haired , scrawny commander of Irish Republican Army  IRA  gunmen in the early 1970s , to the deputy first minister of Northern Ireland 's power-sharing government , where he represents Sinn Fein , the province 's most popular , mainly Roman Catholic , Republican party opposed to British rule . In his home city of Londonderry I saw that fear firsthand while shooting a documentary about him a little over a decade ago . McGuinness had long been rumored to have had a direct hand in the killing of an IRA man turned informer . I visited the man 's mother , who lived just a few streets away from McGuinness 's modest terraced house in the city 's notorious Bay Side neighborhood . The killing had allegedly taken place decades earlier but the man 's mother was still too afraid to talk . Queen arrives in Northern Ireland on jubilee visit Derry , as he would call his city , or Londonderry , as the province 's mainly Protestant , pro-British Loyalists refer to it , was where McGuinness first tried his hand at politics . While shooting the documentary I met with one of his former political colleagues who also was a secret agent for the British government . He had been pulled out and relocated to mainland Britain when his cover was blown a long time ago , but he told me he warned his British government handlers that McGuinness 's early ballot box victories were a fraud : Countless ballots cast in clear infringement of the law . Royal boost for peace process He says his handlers turned a blind eye , and he concluded even at that early stage , 10 years after violence broke out , that British government officials had calculated McGuinness was someone they wanted in a suit and tie at the table talking to them , and not on the streets waging war . As I concluded that documentary , I struggled to balance all I had seen with the question , is this transition reversible ? Is McGuinness committed to peace ? Back then , the IRA had still not decommissioned its weapons , and the door seemed open to a return to violence . Later McGuinness 's Sinn Fein colleagues told me I 'd set him up for assassination as a leader who 'd used back channels to secretly negotiate peace with the British government . I was told "  we expected something more like Nelson Mandela , " but that was a leap of faith I did n't have the evidence to take . Dislike for McGuinness is not limited to those on the opposite side of the sectarian divide . His readiness to make peace with the British -- never mind shake the queen 's hand -- has made him some powerful enemies in his own mainly Catholic community . When McGuinness and the IRA gave up their guns , even more extreme republicans picked up where they left off . The Real IRA has continued , its hard core of supporters making bombs and killing policemen . In the Derry streets where McGuinness still lives , violent vigilante gangs mete out their own informal justice on the community , shooting drug pushers . They boast more arms than the IRA ever had , and have filled the void left as McGuinness and the social order the IRA enforced fade into the past . Meeting the queen means McGuinness loses the legitimacy of hardcore Republicans -- he can no longer sway them as he once did . So while he 'll still call for the British government to investigate its own actions of brutality , collusion with Protestant paramilitaries and the alleged shoot-to-kill policy of IRA volunteers , his calls will ring hollow for some . But all along , McGuinness 's every move , from IRA commander , to deputy first minister , seems to have been an ever-more calculated step . The vast majority of nationalists -- and everyone else in Northern Ireland , for that matter -- only ever wanted a fair deal , peace , jobs and a good education for their children . McGuinness seems to have read that well . An IRA military victory over "  Queen and Country " was never really an option . It was a dream whose time came and went riding on the back of bigotry , sectarian violence , social injustice and the civil rights movement of the late 1960s . The London-backed governments in Belfast had long run roughshod over nationalist , mainly Catholic aspirations . In a handshake , McGuinness will banish that to the history books for ever . An acknowledgment sealed in a formality that the violent divided past should be laid to rest . For a man of peace -- which is how McGuinness wants to be remembered -- he has come a long way , and so have the nationalists of Ireland . When a handshake is not just a handshake	Northern Ireland 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness meets the queen McGuinness is a former commander of the Irish Republican Army , or IRA Handshake between the pair marks symbolic end to decades of sectarian conflict
CNN  -- The United States is vacating an air base in Pakistan at Islamabad 's request following a NATO attack that killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers . U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Cameron Munter told Pakistan 's Waqt TV on Monday that the United States is leaving Shamsi Air Base in Balochistan Province southwest of Quetta . U.S. drones have taken off from the base and refueled there for operations against Islamic militants , according to sources familiar with U.S. drone operations in Pakistan . The order to clear out of the base comes in the aftermath of a November 26 incident in which a NATO airstrike killed 24 Pakistani troops . According to two U.S. officials familiar with an initial assessment of the incident , U.S. commandos were working alongside Afghan troops when they came under fire . The troops did not tell Pakistani authorities about the mission ahead of time because they had thought it would take place entirely within Afghanistan , the officials said . U.S. and Pakistani officials said Friday there were conversations between the sides before the strike , but they differed on the content of those conversations . A Pakistani military spokesman said the attack hit the wrong target . A probe , headed by U.S. Air Force Brig. Gen. Stephen Clark , is under way . The loss of the base is unlikely to have any major impact on operations in Pakistan , experts said . A U.S. official said Sunday that the "  loss of access to this base would not lessen capabilities , as it has served primarily as a back-up capability for quite a while now . " The United States flies drones out of Kandahar in nearby Afghanistan , so the impact should not be enormous , said CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . Still , there would be an impact , said Anthony Cordesman , who holds the Arleigh A. Burke Chair in Strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  You 're talking potentially 40 to 60 minutes ' added reaction time , " he said . But the issue is broader than simply closing an airbase , Cordesman said . "  It 's what Pakistan intends to do about its airspace , " he said . "  If it 's saying , in addition to the base closing , that it will no longer cooperate to allow the United States to use Pakistani airspace and there will be no cooperation on targeting and no quid pro quo where we would use systems to hit at insurgents or extremists which were threats to Pakistan as well as Afghanistan , then it goes much further , " he said . "  It also basically means that , if you 're going to do this , you 're clearly violating Pakistani airspace and , if you 're going to do it , you may have to rely much more on stealth . " International law is clear , he noted . "  You ca n't , in theory , send an intelligence aircraft over somebody 's airspace . Period . The fact that people do it all the time does n't make it legal . If you go beyond that , and the vehicle or airplane shoots something , that 's an act of war . " Former CIA covert operations officer Mike Baker said that , from a logistical point of view , closing the airbase is "  irritating , inconvenient , concerning . " But , he added , "  It wo n't impact our ability to strike at a target . " Baker , who is president of Diligence LLC , a global intelligence and security firm , described the base closure as "  one more step down this dysfunctional road with the Pakistanis , " but predicted that "  cooperation between CIA and other intelligence portions of our military and the Pakistanis " will continue . "  Regardless of what happens in the headlines , there is an operational level of activity that continues to move forward because , ultimately , it is in the Pakistanis ' best interest to continue to try to counter some of the extremists ' activity . " High-level Pakistani officials have supported , quietly , the U.S. drone campaign for years , he said . "  They 've been playing the same game that any other nation will play -- they want a little bit of plausible deniability . " In other words , when public opinion turns against the drone attacks , the officials will turn against them , too , Baker said . "  Once they feel threatened from their own population because of their support and cooperation from the United States , that 's when they 'll turn on us , " he said . "  Will they decide a drone strike in Pakistani airspace without permission is an act of war ? Doubtful . " U.S. officials have long prepared for Plan B in Pakistan , he said . "  If you have facilities in any country where you have a somewhat occasional volatile relationship , you 're always looking for alternatives , " he said . The issue of U.S. and other NATO forces entering Pakistan has been a sensitive topic in that country since May , when U.S. commandos killed al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad without Pakistani leaders ' consent . NATO has called last month 's casualties "  tragic . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta called the incident a "  tragedy " and offered condolences . President Barack Obama called Pakistan 's president Sunday to express condolences over the airstrike . He said the incident was not a deliberate attack on Pakistan , the White House said . The incident exacerbated already strained relations with Pakistan . "  Such attacks ... demonstrate complete disregard for international law and human life , " Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said the day after the attack . Khar asked the United States to vacate the Shamsi Air Base within 15 days . The U.S. Embassy in Pakistan confirmed Monday that Munter said the United States is complying with the request . On Monday , Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani said Pakistan wants to have good relations with the United States based on mutual respect and clearly defined parameters . "  I think that is doable , " he told state-run Associated Press of Pakistan . "  I think that it wo n't take long . " He said that new ties being negotiated with the United States would ensure that the two countries "  respected each other 's red lines " regarding sovereignty and rules of engagement along the border . "  I think we have evolved some mechanisms , and we are ready to cooperate " on peace efforts in Afghanistan , he said . In Washington , deputy State Department spokesman Mike Toner , referring to the cross-border incident in which two dozen Pakistani soldiers were killed , said he welcomed Gilani 's remarks . "  From the very moments after this tragedy , we 've been clear that this relationship is vital to U.S. national security interests , it is vital to Pakistan 's national security interests , it is vital to the region 's interests that we work together productively . And we are committed to addressing the issues between us and moving forward , " he told reporters . CNN 's Pam Benson , Nasir Habib , Nick Paton Walsh and Barbara Starr and journalist Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister says he wants good relations with the United States The U.S. is vacating Shamsi Air Base , which is used by unmanned combat vehicles The impact of vacating the air base is likely to be minimal , experts say Pakistan told the U.S. to leave the base after an airstrike killed 24 Pakistani troops
Washington  CNN  -- Some Triaminic and Theraflu products are being taken off the market because the child-resistant caps failed to function properly , U.S. officials said on Thursday . The Consumer Product Safety Commission said Triaminic Syrups and Theraflu Warming Relief Syrups for cough , colds and fevers were voluntarily recalled by the manufacturer , Novartis Consumer Health , because the cap could still be removed by a child even with the tamper-resistant seal in place . Novartis said the last batch of products in question were distributed more than a year ago , so the company believes little remains for sale or in use . The agency said the products contain acetaminophen and diaphenhydramine , main ingredients in a number of cough , cold and allergy medicines . Acetaminophen is an anti-inflammatory used to treat pain , while diaphenhydramine is an antihistamine used to treat allergies and colds . Under federal law , products containing these drugs must be sealed with child-resistant packaging due to the risk of poisoning . The consumer watchdog said that consumers should stop using the recalled products immediately if they come across any of them and contact Novartis for information about refunds . According to the consumer agency 's website , 24 different types of products are included in the recall . A consumer complaint in late November triggered the investigation . All of the products were made in the United States . Julie Masow , a Novartis spokeswoman , told CNN that there are 183 lots included in the recall - 142 of Triaminic Syrups and 41 of Theraflu Warming Relief Syrups . However , since they were distributed between May 24 , 2010 , and December 21 , 2011 , approximately 97 % of the Theraflu and Triaminic inventory has already been consumed , returned to Novartis , or quarantined at a Novartis warehouse . It is likely that very little product remains on store shelves or in homes , Masow said . So far , Novartis has had 12 reports of children unscrewing the locked caps , including four who ingested the product . One child received medical attention . The Food and Drug Administration is working with the consumer safety commission on the investigation . As a precaution , 17 of the products are also being recalled in Canada . The complete listing can be found at the Novartis website	Some products being recalled because child caps failed to function properly Certain packages of cough , cold medicine voluntarily removed by manufacturer Consumers should stop using the recalled products , U.S. consumer agency says Company says little of the recalled products likely remain in stores or in homes
CNN  -- Canadian singing sensation Justin Bieber was left shaken but unhurt after an overenthusiastic fan jumped on stage during his concert in Dubai and attempted to grab him mid song . The gig had already caused controversy among fans after Bieber arrived on stage two hours late . The incident , the latest of a slew of controversies on the singer 's "  Believe " tour , sparked a buzz on social media sites , with his fans , or ` Beliebers ' , rushing to check their idol was safe . CNN looked at social media sites to see what happened and how fans , detractors , and the teen superstar himself , responded . Mobile users , click here to see the Storify . .	` Beliebers ' tweet concern after fan leaps on stage during Dubai concert Security bundles away fan while shaken singer continued concert Bieber reassures fans on Twitter after incident Incident comes after series of controversies during singer 's "  Believe " tour
CNN  -- Home favorite Roger Federer is through to the second round of the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel after a straight sets victory over Italian Potito Starace on Monday . Third seed Federer , a four-time winner of the tournament , will now face either Brazilian Thomas Bellucci or Jarkko Nieminen of Finland after securing a 7-6  7-3  6-4 success against his world ranked 54th opponent -- who is known more as a clay-court specialist . Federer , who is behind Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray in the seedings for the event , has not competed since playing for Switzerland in the Davis Cup in September , because of a succession of niggling injuries . And although he has won only one ATP Tour event in 2011 , in Doha in the first week of the year , world number four Federer has reached the quarterfinals in 11 of the 13 tournaments he has played . "  My focus now is well at Basel -- and the next round is my next priority , " Federer told reporters . "  Last year I won here and in London and also had match points in the Paris semis . "  I know I can play well at the end of the season . If I 'm going to make a ranking move , that 's what it 's going to take , " he added . There was a surprise in Monday 's other match , with eighth-seeded Serb Viktor Troicki going down 4-6 7-6 6-2 to 2005 runner-up Marcos Baghdatis in a marathon match lasting just 15 minutes short of three hours . Baghdatis had also beaten Troicki in the semifinals of the Malaysian Open in Kuala Lumpur last month . Meanwhile , in the Valencia Open in Spain , Russian Nikolay Davydenko continued his comeback from injury with a superb 6-4 4-6 6-3 win over fifth seed Gilles Simon of France . The defeat almost certainly ends Simon 's hopes of reaches the ATP World Tour Finals in London . He currently lies 12th in the standings with only the top eight qualifying . Davydenko will next meet Simon 's compatriot , Nicolas Mahut who beat Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 7-6  7-5  6-2 , in the last 16 .	Roger Federer begins the Swiss Indoors tournament with victory over Potito Starace Federer is seeded three in Basel behind Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray Eighth-seeded Serb Viktor Troicki is beaten in three sets by Marcos Baghdatis
Washington  CNN  -- A beloved giant panda will leave for China early next year to the disappointment of millions of fans in the United States . Washington 's National Zoo will say goodbye to 4-year-old Tai Shan as he makes his way to a breeding base in southwestern China . He 'll leave during the first quarter of 2010 , according to the zoo and Chinese state-run media . Tai Shan -- on loan from China -- was born at the National Zoo to pandas that also are borrowed from China . His father , 11-year-old Tian Tian , and his mother , 10-year-old Mei Xiang , are due in China in December 2010 , according to the Xinhua news agency . "  While we 're proud to send off a healthy panda to be part of China 's breeding program , we will indeed miss him dearly , " the National Zoo 's Web site said of Tai Shan . He has more growing to do , however . "  Although Tai Shan has the build of a grownup male panda , we still have to wait for about two years before it is sexually mature , " said Li Desheng , deputy director of the management office of the Wolong National Natural Reserve in Sichuan province , according to Xinhua . Tai Shan will never be released into the wild , but there is the hope that his offspring could be , the National Zoo said . "  Since we partnered with them 10 years ago , the Chinese have more than doubled their cub production , which means they 're about to reach the significant goal of having 300 pandas in captivity , " the zoo said on its Web site . "  By reaching the target of 300 pandas , collectively we will ensure that the giant panda in captivity is demographically and genetically secure . It will be a huge conservation achievement . " The United States has 13 pandas on loan from China , according to Xinhua . The three in Washington and one each in Atlanta , Georgia , and San Diego , California , are due to return to China next year . Though Tai Shan has lived in Washington , his fans have followed him online for years , via the National Zoo 's Pandacam . They 've oohed and aahed as he 's frolicked , had milestone exams and grown -- from less than 2 pounds at birth to more than 200 pounds at his peak weight .	Washington 's National Zoo will lose panda in 2010 Tai Shan was born to pandas who were also on loan from China Tai Shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest China China nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivity
As millions of people get their hands on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Friday , many will no doubt be looking for new apps that take advantage of the new phones ' capabilities . Chief among them is a bigger screen . The iPhone 6 has a 4.7-inch display , while the 6 Plus checks in at a whopping 5.5 inches . But they 'll also have better graphics and faster processors , as well as features that give app developers freedoms they 've never had before . For the first time , Apple is letting developers create widgets , mini-programs that are often designed to be quick and easy to use . They can tinker with the iPhone 's keyboard for the first time as well , giving iOS users access to some apps that Android users have enjoyed for the past couple of years . Apple 's iPhone 6 goes on sale , and the lines are insane A slate of those keyboard tools are ready to go now . But the front-runners in categories from productivity tools to photography tools to games are also raring to go . And here at CNN , we happen to be particularly partial to the new CNN iPhone app . Here 's a look at some must-have apps for the new phones . CNN app optimized for new iPhones Are there other apps you 're excited about , or already enjoying ? Let us know in the comments .	iPhone 6 and 6 Plus go on sale Friday Both offer iPhone users bigger screens and new features Games taking advantage of screen size will include Vainglory , Asphalt 8
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The United States and Afghanistan signed a long-delayed security agreement Tuesday that will allow U.S. troops to stay in Afghanistan beyond the previous December deadline to withdraw . The deal was signed by Afghan National Security Adviser Mohammad Hanif Atmar and U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan James Cunningham during a ceremony in Kabul . The future of the U.S. military 's presence in Afghanistan beyond 2014 had been in doubt . Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai negotiated the security deal but then reneged , and it became clear that no agreement would be signed until after presidential elections this year . In February , the Obama administration announced for the first time that it had begun planning for the possible withdrawal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2014 if Afghanistan did not sign the agreement , which spells out the rights of U.S. troops operating there . But both major Afghan presidential candidates pledged that they would sign the deal if elected this year . After an election in which results were delayed by accusations of voting fraud , former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani signed a power-sharing deal with rival candidate Abdullah Abdullah , and Ghani was sworn in as president on Monday . Obama hails ` historic day ' U.S. President Barack Obama welcomed the signing of the security agreement , which he said was the culmination of two years of hard work by both sides . "  Today , we mark an historic day in the U.S.-Afghan partnership that will help advance our shared interests and the long-term security of Afghanistan , " he said in a statement . Afghan and NATO officials also signed a deal Tuesday allowing allied forces to continue a NATO support mission after the end of this year , he said . "  These agreements follow an historic Afghan election in which the Afghan people exercised their right to vote and ushered in the first peaceful democratic transfer of power in their nation 's history , " Obama said . "  We look forward to working with this new government to cement an enduring partnership that strengthens Afghan sovereignty , stability , unity and prosperity and that contributes to our shared goal of defeating al Qaeda and its extremist affiliates . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry congratulated Ghani and Abdullah , as well as the Afghan people . "  Afghans have taken a moment of challenge and turned it into a moment of real opportunity , " he said . He also paid tribute to the contributions of Karzai , saying that while America 's relationship with him has been "  punctuated by disagreements , " he is recognized by the world as "  a nationalist , a patriot and an important figure who stepped forward when his country needed him . " Taliban : ` Death to America ' Even with the agreement , the United States is poised to wind down its military involvement in Afghanistan . Obama has said that under the security agreement , virtually all U.S. forces would be out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016 , shortly before his presidency ends . He has called for 9,800 U.S. troops to stay there after the end of 2014 , along with some allied forces . The number would get cut roughly in half by the end of 2015 , and a year later , the U.S. military presence would scale down to what officials described as a "  normal " embassy security contingent . Meanwhile , the Taliban , who were ousted from power in Afghanistan by a U.S.-led military coalition in 2001 , have continued to mount deadly attacks on high-profile Afghan targets and are fighting fiercely for control of important areas in the country . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid posted a succinct message on Twitter shortly after the security deal was signed Tuesday : "  Death to America ! " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul . CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Elise Labott and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama hails "  historic day " that will aid long-term Afghan security Signing comes one day after the swearing-in of Afghanistan 's new president United States was poised to withdraw all its troops by end of year if deal was n't signed Agreement was negotiated by former Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who later reneged
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Suzanne Richard was born to be an actress . Suzanne Richard says that navigating the maze of government aid regulations is a challenge . She was also , however , born with osteogenesis imperfecta , a bone-crippling disorder that can mean a lifetime of health problems and physical disability . But rather than letting her condition hinder her acting ambitions , Richard has embraced it , and now works to encourage other actors with disabilities to do the same . As the artistic director of Open Circle Theatre , a theater founded to "  showcase professional artists with disabilities in an integrated setting , " Richard offers her actors respite from the challenges they face , and access to an industry that can often discriminate against people like her . "  I decided a long time ago that if people were going to stare at me , they were going to pay me for it , " she quipped backstage at a rehearsal for her latest production , "  Is there ANYBODY OUT THERE ? " And at a height of just under 4 feet , with legs encased in metal braces , the 38-year-old Richard said she indeed often attracts curious stares from the public . Richard 's condition , also known as Brittle Bones Disease , is a genetic disorder "  characterized by fragile bones that break easily , " according to the Osteogenesis Imperfecta Foundation . The condition is considered rare , thought to affect only about 40,000 Americans , said Tracy Hart , CEO of the OI Foundation . There is no cure , Hart said . While the severity of the disorder varies greatly , common health issues related to OI are a short stature , weak tissues , fragile skin , muscle weakness , loose joints , hearing loss , breathing problems and curvature of the spine , according to the OI Foundation . In Richard 's case , OI has meant frequent bone fractures , painful surgeries , leg braces , wheelchairs , and a multitude of symptoms caused by the pressure her weak frame puts on her body . As a child , Richard had to have rods surgically placed in her legs "  as infrastructure " -- a painful routine that she repeated as often as she grew . But for Richard , the physical constraints of her condition are only half the battle . When Richard was forced to retire from her job as an accessibility specialist at the National Endowment for the Arts because she was too sick to work , she lost her work-provided private health insurance coverage . She now gets Medicare through her Social Security Income retirement benefits . Social Security Income is a government program that "  makes monthly payments to people who have low income and few resources , " and are either at least 65 years of age or disabled . Social Security recipients are subject to income restrictions depending on what state they live in , and are only allowed to have resources worth $ 2,000 , with certain exceptions , according to the Social Security Web site  www.socialsecurity.gov  . These strict financial eligibility limitations , Richard said , can be nerve-wracking , and can make navigating the system extremely difficult . "  If you lose your Social Security benefits because you make too much money , you lose everything . You lose your Medicare , too , " Richard said . "  So if you 're on disability you have to be really careful not to make too much money , which is self-defeating . " It is "  self-defeating " especially when one considers the massive medical bills Richard accumulates due to her OI . Though Medicare covers 80 percent of her medical costs , Richard said she often comes up short some months . "  You ca n't get blood from a stone . ... I 'm on a fixed income . That 's why I 'm on Medicare , " she said . So , Richard constantly finds herself in the precarious situation of having to rely on her loved ones and the government for her financial stability . "  I 'm hanging on by my fingernails . ... You can never get ahead , " she said . It 's a frustrating circumstance familiar to Richard 's fellow actors at Open Circle , as well as to the millions of disabled Americans in need of expensive medical treatment . It 's a system , said Richard , that must be reformed . "  It 's a foreign concept to me . ... this idea that ` No , I 'm sorry you do n't have enough money to get this treatment , ' " she said . "  I sincerely believe that people with disabilities , if you want them to be at all a useful part of the society , you need to have medical care that you do n't have to worry about having . " But until then , Richard said she survives by familiarizing herself with the system and learning to navigate through the obstacles , a skill that she was forced to learn early on . "  You just get used to adapting . I guess we always do that anyway , " she said .	Theater 's artistic director was born with bone-crippling disorder Suzanne Richard encourages other disabled actors to embrace their art Navigating maze of government aid is extremely difficult "  You can never get ahead " when system punishes earning , Richard says
Golf players just keep getting younger . First there was Guan Tianlang , who at the tender age of 13 became the youngest player to participate in a European Tour event . But this May , a Chinese 12 year-old will eclipse Guan 's record to become the European Tour 's youngest ever golfer . From the city of Dongguan , Ye Wocheng finished two under par at the Western China qualifier to earn one of the three spots on offer for the China Open -- the tournament where Guan made his European Tour debut in April 2012 . Now 14 , Guan will become the youngest player to compete in the Masters when he takes to the course at Augusta next month . Competing as an amateur , Guan finished tied for 150th at last year 's China Open event , which was won by South Africa 's Branden Grace . Ye , whose father caddied for him , shot a four-under-par opening round of 68 on Tuesday to put himself in contention before pulling clear of the field over the front nine on Wednesday . Four birdies saw him head to the turn on seven under , but Ye collapsed at the par five 16th where he dropped three strokes . But the 12-year-old had done enough to ensure he finished third on the leaderboard behind joint winners Li Xinyang and Jin Da Xing . Should Ye do the unthinkable and win the China Open , which will take place at the Binhai Lake Golf Club , he would assume Matteo Manassero 's mantel as the youngest ever winner on the European Tour . Italy 's Manassero won the 2010 Castello Masters at the age of 17 years and 188 days .	A 12-year-old Chinese golfer will become youngest European Tour player Ye Wocheng finished third at a qualifier for May 's China Open Guan Tianlang will become the youngest player in Masters history The 14 year-old played at last year 's China Open
CNN  -- British TV host Piers Morgan will take over Larry King 's prime-time hour with "  a candid , in-depth newsmaker interview program " starting in January , CNN announced Wednesday . Morgan , best known to American viewers as a judge on NBC 's "  America 's Got Talent , " has most recently hosted "  Piers Morgan 's Life Stories " on television in the United Kingdom . "  Piers has made his name posing tough questions to public figures , holding them accountable for their words and deeds , " said CNN-US President Jon Klein . "  He is able to look at all aspects of the news with style and humor with an occasional good laugh in the process . " Morgan 's show , which was not named in the CNN news release , will air live on CNN-US at 9 p.m. ET and will air worldwide on CNN-International in more than 200 countries , the network said . Morgan will be based in New York , but also will work from Los Angeles and London , CNN said . King announced this summer that he was stepping aside from CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " a show he began hosting in 1985 . "  I have watched ` Larry King Live ' for much of the last 25 years , and dreamed of one day filling the legendary suspenders of the man I consider to be the greatest TV interviewer of them all , " Morgan said . Morgan , 45 , began his journalism career as a newspaper reporter in the United Kingdom for The Wimbledon News . In 1994 , when he was 28 , Morgan became the youngest editor ever at Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World . He moved to the Daily Mirror as editor-in-chief in 1995 , a post he held for nine years . He left the Mirror under a cloud of controversy in 2004 , after the publication of photos purported to be of abused Iraqi prisoners . The newspaper later acknowledged the images were faked , saying it was the victim of a hoax . Morgan went on to become a television personality , hosting interview programs on the BBC and ITV . Simon Cowell hired Morgan as on a judge on the top-rated "  Britain 's Got Talent . " His print journalism career continued beyond the Mirror , including a monthly interview column for GQ magazine . Morgan also writes two regular columns for the Mail on Sunday newspaper , which he will continue . In addition , he will provide regular columns to CNN.com , the network said .	Morgan "  made his name posing tough questions to public figures , " CNN-US chief says Morgan says he has dreamed of "  filling the legendary suspenders " of King He has been a judge on "  America 's Got Talent " and "  Britain 's Got Talent "
San Diego , California  CNN  -- The Obama administration needs an air traffic controller to manage its domestic policy agenda . The items are starting to pile up on the runway . Move over , health care . Next up : immigration . It was n't exactly a graceful transition . In fact , at first , it looked like bad timing that tens of thousands of protesters descended on Washington to demand comprehensive immigration reform on the same day that Congress was voting on a bill that overhauled the health care system . You had to wonder : What if more than 100,000 people marched on Washington , and no one noticed ? Actually , even with everything else going on that day , plenty of people noticed the return on the national agenda of one of the most emotional and contentious issues in America . Immigration reform advocates have their eye on the calendar . In October , Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , a major proponent of comprehensive immigration reform , said during an interview on National Public Radio that the immigration debate would have to be reopened by March in order to get a bill passed before the November midterm elections . Ironically , the fact that the debates over health care and immigration overlapped actually worked out well for the proponents of immigration reform . It gave members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus additional leverage to pressure President Obama into declaring his support for a comprehensive immigration reform bill that is about to be introduced by Sens. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , and Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . The president needed a push . Liberals are loath to admit it , but Obama has been asleep at the switch when it comes to keeping his campaign promise to pursue immigration reform . And it is n't just -- as his defenders say -- because he was preoccupied with the economy and health care . The truth is , Obama never connected with the immigration issue with the same degree of passion with which he connected with other issues like health care reform , education reform , even climate change . If the protesters had n't gone to Washington and forced his hand , Obama would have simply gone on to education or the economy and put immigration reform on the back burner . Now , thanks to the march , and other rallies planned around the country in April , Obama has gotten the message that immigration reform wo n't wait any longer . It certainly wo n't wait until after the November election , as Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , has suggested . Menendez is obviously trying to be a good Democrat , trying to spare his colleagues and his party any more legislative drama . But he 's not looking out for the best interests of the immigration reform movement . He must suspect Republicans are likely to make huge gains in November , especially after the health care vote . The time to act is now . The legislative puzzle will only get more complicated when a new Congress is seated . Some liberals want the immigration reform movement to be patient . There is nothing new there . Some on the left said the same thing during the civil rights movement . In this case , those who want to reform the immigration system have been waiting patiently since September 2001 , when President George W. Bush first suggested comprehensive immigration reform . And the longer they wait , the more complicated things get . The inaction remains the same . The only thing that changes is the narrative . First they 're told that Congress ca n't fix a system that both sides acknowledge is broken in good economic times because there are too many immigrants here and those kinds of population swings only exacerbate the anxiety that many Americans feel about changing demographics . Then the economy goes sour , and they 're told Congress ca n't act now because unemployment is too high and Americans have developed a new anxiety -- over their own economic instability . Reformers figured out in a hurry that they were being played and that Congress never intended to deal with this issue . It 's just too hard . Just like health care reform was too hard ? Personally , I believe Democrats made a colossal mistake by approving a radical upheaval of the nation 's health care system and then compounded that error with all the shenanigans involved . Nonetheless , I have to admit that it was impressive to see a group of lawmakers in either party work up the passion and courage to disregard the polls and actually do what they thought was right in the face of taunts , slurs , voter contempt and thousands of e-mails and phone calls from angry constituents . Sadly , that kind of leadership is something you do n't see much in an institution like Congress , which is usually too risk-averse for its own good . Whether the issue is gay marriage on the left or fixing Social Security on the right , moral courage is scarce on the Potomac . Recently , there was a rare sighting . There needs to be another . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	As Congress voted on health care , tens of thousands marched for immigration reform Ruben Navarrette says Democrats showed moral courage in health care bill push He says immigration is a cause that ca n't wait He says system is broken and Congress should act now , not wait for better economy
CNN  -- Schoolchildren in Syria remain in the line of fire of the country 's civil war , where shells and bombs deliver death and trauma into classrooms , UNESCO lamented Friday on World Teacher 's Day . Many pupils and teachers dare not attend lessons , opting to take cover or flee with their families , leaving schools deserted . But the violence is forcing some classes literally underground , into caves . In the town of Jabal Zawiya , in the embattled Idlib province , the shrieks and laughter of children scurrying from class to class , while teachers rein them in with firm , gentle admonishments , have died out from the hallway of a large school , leaving it completely empty , with the exception of an arid pile of concrete rubble that fell when a shell blasted through the ceiling . Even with its battle scars , the school in Jabal Zawiya -- compared with Internet videos of damage done to other schools -- makes an almost intact impression . Video : Syrian rebels say they will kill Iranian hostages But war has made the school too unsafe for children , explains local activist Abu Diyaa in a social media video posted Thursday to YouTube . "  Here we are during the school hours , and there is not a single student here , " he says in the taut tone and gestures of a citizen turned journalist , as the wind lashes over his microphone . "  We were surprised that the school was hit by the regime shelling from jet fighters , " he says , pointing to the gaping hole in the ceiling . Jabal Zawiya is a target of the indiscriminate bombing of civilians , according to Amnesty International , which investigated the town . "  Battlefield weapons and munitions -- unguided bombs dropped from the air and imprecise artillery shells and mortars , which have a wide impact radius and can not be aimed at specific targets -- are now being used daily against residential areas , significantly increasing the number of civilian casualties , " Amnesty said in a report on Jabal Zawiya in September . The Syrian children share a similar fate with students in conflict regions around the world , according to UNESCO . Read more : Who is arming the Syrian conflict ? "  There are millions of teachers and children who are killed  globally  because of being in the classroom itself , " says Pauline Rose , director of an independent annual report on education published by UNESCO . This year 's report focused on education in regions beset with the violence . As Abu Diyaa steps inside a classroom , the camera reveals rows of empty desks . His voice echoes loudly off of desolate walls , as he walks viewers through the school , which has become a deadly trap . Read more : U.N. still has no plan for Syria "  Not a single soul in this classroom ; everyone left because they fear the random shelling and the attacks , " he says . The Syrian government has justified military operations at schools in state media reports , stating that rebels have used them as bomb-making factories and weapons caches . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of events depicted in social media because of restrictions on journalists by the Syrian government and life-threatening dangers involved with reporting from inside the country . But the Syrian government confirmed in September to the United Nations Office at Geneva that more than 2,000 of the country 's 22,000 schools had been damaged or destroyed . Abu Diyaa traipses silently back out into the open-air hallway , gazing down at the rubble crunching under his shoes , then the video abruptly cuts to another scene . iReport : Turbulence in the Middle East The activist leads the camera into a dark , gray room , but his report has a happy ending , because the community and the school 's teachers have not given up on their children , their future or their education . "  One thing that we found ... was that even in these conflict-ridden countries , there is a real desire for education , " Rose says . "  It 's a very flexible approach , but they really want education to continue for their children . " Jabal Zawiya 's school and its children have gone into hiding -- in a cave in the countryside outside of town , not out of the ordinary in wartime Syria , says Amnesty . "  Some towns and villages have been virtually emptied of their residents , many of whom are now camping out in the surrounding countryside or hiding in caves . " Reminiscent of the stone schoolhouse in a Flintstones comic , the cave 's interior is hewn by human hands into cubed-shaped real rooms . Spotlights shine down onto the children and glare into the camera . The cave school is in Kansafra , a small village near Jabal Zawiya , in a region known for its picturesque nature , flowing green fields and groves of olives , cherries and grapes -- none of it visible from the cavern classroom , which has no windows . Citizen reporter Abu Diyaa is again planted in front of the camera , but now , from behind hm , the lively voices of schoolchildren , raising their hands , eager to answer questions , drone into his microphone . They are calling out to a teacher , who is animating them to learn . The male instructor introduces Abu Diyaa to the group of first - through fourth-graders , who greet him graciously with a round of applause . "  So , why here ? " Abu Diyaa asks . The teacher , who does not give his name , replies : "  We want to keep educating our children , but in the city , there is always this imminent danger that the regime choppers or planes will bomb us or drop the TNT barrels . " Most of Jabal Zawiya 's residents have fled with their children , he says . "  We are teaching whoever is left behind . " In spite of the hope that the cave 's stone walls and the remote location offer real protection , it is still dangerous for the children to go to and from school , the teacher says . He groans about the lack of supplies , the small blackboard and the dim lighting . Read more : Thousands displaced as Syrian authorities demolish Hama neighborhood Students behind him hold flashlights to help brighten the room . "  There is suffering , but thank God , we are moving on , " he says . He is happy for what progress he can make with the students . Children in conflict situations "  need a classroom , where they feel safe , " Rose says . "  They need a teacher who understands their psychological needs as well as their learning needs . " The teacher calls on a student seated on the floor to stand up and talk to Abu Diyaa , who asks him what he would like to tell President Bashar al-Assad 's government . "  We want them to leave us alone ; enough killing and destruction ; we 've had it , " the boy says . "  We ca n't get close to our schools . " The interviewer follows up with a question : "  What do you want to be when you grow up ? " "  A doctor , " answers the boy . Read more : Turkey and Syria : Why neither side wants war Read more : Syria 's internally displaced languish in squalor at Turkish border "  The children want to be able to learn , " Rose insists , especially during upheaval . "  Those who were in school really had a desire to learn , and schooling gave them a sense of feeling normal . " Rose says aid organizations should boost education in their programs . "  Only 2 % of humanitarian aid is spent on education , " she says in a disappointed tone . She also wants to see the perpetrators of violence at schools brought to justice and their misdeeds publicized . In the Syrian cave , the teacher steers his class away from the camera and back to schoolwork . "  OK , let 's recite what you learned today one more time , " he calls out . Abu Diyaa gets out of his way then strikes up a conversation with a female teacher in the next room . The activist asks her to deliver a message to the government . "  We will be victorious , " the teacher proclaims , "  and we will raise our children to be the teachers , the doctors and the engineers of tomorrow 's Syria . " Ben Brumfield and Saad Abedine reported from Atlanta .	Attacks on schools in Syria drive children and teachers into caves UNESCO study : Millions of students and teachers globally die in classrooms in war Expert says schooling children should be a vital part of humanitarian aid Friday is UNESCO World Teachers ' Day
Three prominent Afghan women will make it clear to a crowd of legislators on Capitol Hill Tuesday that a crucial measure of success in Afghanistan will be what women and girls can accomplish after U.S. troops leave . If a woman is free to vote and determine her own future and a girl is free to get an education , then more than 12 years of American engagement have not been in vain . A strong Afghan woman is a defeat for the Taliban . A determined Afghan woman who can vote will wrestle the country away from tribalism and promote democracy . An assertive Afghan woman will bring back the Afghanistan that once preached moderation and tolerance of all religions , a country where women were on par with men assisting in resolving political and ethical conflicts . But if girls are denied an education or forced into child marriages ; if talented women can not pursue their goals , then nothing will have changed for all of cost in blood and treasure the United States has spent . The women -- Suraya Paksad , founder of the Voices of Women Organization ; Massouda Jalal , former Afghan minister of women 's affairs and presidential candidate ; and Sajia Behgam Amin , a gender and policy adviser who ran an underground school for girls in the Taliban era -- are warning legislators that the next two years before U.S. forces withdraw are crucial in developing methods to empower Afghan women and to create resilient communities . No time can be lost . Already the Taliban is regrouping and is poised to fill any power vacuum created by a weak government in Kabul . Warlords are forming coalitions to push back on the Taliban . Afghanistan could be heading toward civil war . Who will bear the brunt ? Women , whose rights can easily be traded off if they are not at the table when decisions are made . In a negotiation without women , if one side says it does n't want schools for girls because Islam does not permit it , the other side may say sure , no problem . But if women are at the negotiating table , they can make the argument forcefully that Islam does not ban education for girls and that , in fact , Islam supports it . Karzai already has showed he can not be trusted to support the rights of women by signing a clerical council 's "  code of conduct " for women , which , among other strictures , supports women 's segregation , bans women 's travel without a male guardian and gives husbands rights to beat their wives in certain circumstances . Seeing this looming threat to American war aims , last week Sens. Bob Casey , D-Pennsylvania , and Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , introduced the Afghan Women and Girls Security Promotion Act . It requires the Defense Department to produce a strategy to promote women 's security during the transfer of power to Afghan forces . Casey said that is the only way to achieve our overall goal of a secure and stable Afghanistan . In consultation with Afghan women , we believe four things must be done before the United States loses its bargaining position in Afghanistan after our troops withdraw . Create a coalition of women leaders : A coalition of prominent Afghan women ought to be created with the mandate of providing counsel every time an issue of women 's and girls ' rights is on the negotiating table . Make sure women can vote : The United States must make sure that Afghan elections are not corrupt and that women actually get to vote . Women will vote against the Taliban if they are free to go to the polls . But we must have election monitors to be sure their votes are not stolen . Imams must become advocates for women : As a deeply religious society , Afghanistan must solve its problems within a framework of Muslim beliefs . The people devoutly follow their imams and mullahs . Our experience shows that through an imam training program , they can become advocates for girls ' and women 's rights . Expanding our support for these training programs will pay big dividends . Direct aid to support communities : Billions of dollars in U.S. aid will be squandered if Afghan women do not believe they are integral to the political and economic process . We have two years to redirect part of this aid to fortify communities so that Afghan women , imams and community leaders can resist the Taliban on their own terms . If Afghan women suffer again , it will be as if we went to war for no reason . We must remember that we had three objectives for launching the Afghan war -- capturing Osama bin Laden , defeating al Qaeda and the Taliban and protecting Afghan women and their rights . If we walk away and allow Afghan women to be subjugated , we will have made the same mistake we made after we helped the Mujahedeen push the Soviets out of Afghanistan . We left the country in a power vacuum , which was filled by a radical fringe known as the Taliban . We know how badly that turned out .	Daisy Khan : A key measure of U.S. success in Afghanistan will be extent of women 's rights Khan : If girls ca n't go to school , women ca n't reach goals , nothing will have changed Women must be in talks to fight forcefully for rights , she says , especially for schooling Khan : Women must vote , go to school , and imams must promote women 's rights
CNN  -- The World Health Organization on Monday raised its pandemic alert level in response to the outbreak of swine flu that originated in Mexico . A man wearing a protective mask reads a newspaper Sunday outside a hospital in Mexico City . The move from level three to level four on the WHO 's six-level threat scale means the world body has determined the virus is capable of significant human-to-human transmission -- a major step toward a flu pandemic , said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , the agency 's assistant director-general . A pandemic is not considered "  inevitable , " Fukuda said . But U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said the move "  does indicate that we have a serious outbreak of swine flu on our hands . " The World Health Organization confirmed 73 cases of swine flu Monday , but health officials in Scotland , California and Texas confirmed nine more , bringing the worldwide total to 82 . The total includes 40 cases in the United States , confirmed by the Centers for Disease Control . Health officials in California confirmed four additional cases and three more in Texas , but those were not immediately added to the CDC 's total . Including the new cases in California and Texas , officials have confirmed 11 cases in California , five in Texas , two in Kansas , one in Ohio and 28 in New York . The WHO confirmed 26 cases in Mexico , six in Canada , and one in Spain . Scottish Health Minister Nicola Sturgeon said two cases of swine flu have been confirmed in that country . Both patients are "  recovering well , " she said at a news conference in Edinburgh . The total was expected to rise as more cases are confirmed , especially in Mexico , where as many as 149 deaths are thought to have been caused by the virus , the country 's health secretary said . "  Sadly , 149 people have died , of which we are working to confirm if they are linked to the swine flu , " Mexico Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova Villalobos said . The U.S. government is urging travelers to avoid nonessential travel to Mexico because of the swine flu outbreak , and it has started distributing antiviral medications from its strategic stockpile in response to the outbreak , Napolitano said . The confirmed cases in the United States have been mild so far but , "  Scientists ca n't tell us right now why this is presenting so severely in Mexico City and not as severely up here , " she said . Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said of the 40 U.S. cases , only one has been hospitalized , and all have recovered . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Monday 28 cases have been confirmed at St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens . More than 100 students at the school were out with flu-like symptoms last week . Bloomberg and New York City Health Commissioner Tom Frieden said all of the students who were ill had mild symptoms and none had been hospitalized . The school is remaining closed through Tuesday . "  This remains an isolated incident , " Bloomberg said at a news conference . "  There is no reason for anyone outside of the St. Francis community to stay home or alter their routine . " "  The city is safe and open for business , " he said , adding that "  for the general public , masks are simply not needed . " The outbreak is a particular concern because of who it is hitting hard , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday . "  We are concerned that in Mexico , most of those who died were young and healthy adults , " he said . Watch Mexican officials discuss flu plan " The median age of all the U.S. cases is 16 years , Besser said . Officials in North Carolina and South Carolina are also testing suspected cases , including 22 suspected cases from a South Carolina school 's spring break trip to Cancun , Mexico . Officials said results from those tests are expected Tuesday . President Obama said Monday that the swine flu outbreak is a "  cause for concern and requires a heightened state of alert , " but is not a "  cause for alarm . " He added that the federal government is closely monitoring emerging cases and had declared a public health emergency as a "  precautionary tool to ensure that we have the resources we need at our disposal to respond quickly and effectively . " Watch bloggers discuss U.S. response " Meanwhile , Andorra Vassiliou , the European Union 's health commissioner , on Monday urged people "  to avoid nonessential travel to the areas which are reported to be in the center of the clusters " of a swine flu outbreak . The EU later said that Vassiliou 's remarks were her personal comments and that travel advisories can be issued only by member states and not by the EU itself . Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs . It is caused by a type-A influenza virus . Outbreaks in pigs occur year-round . The current strain is a new variation of an H1N1 virus , which is a mix of human and animal versions . When the flu spreads person-to-person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity . The symptoms are similar to the common flu . They include fever , lethargy , lack of appetite , coughing , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it " The virus spreads when an infected person coughs or sneezes around another person . People can become infected by touching something with the flu virus on it and then touching their mouth , nose or eyes . The WHO has called the outbreak a "  public health emergency of international concern . " Researchers are trying to determine how easily it can jump from person to person . Fukuda , the WHO 's assistant director-general , said it was too early to predict whether there will be a mild or serious pandemic . In Mexico , authorities closed all schools until at least May 6 . Officials are considering whether to suspend other public activities but are analyzing what economic effects could result , Health Secretary Cordova said . Military troops distributed 4 million filter masks in Mexico City , which has 20 million residents . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta on the outbreak in Mexico " In Washington , the government Sunday declared a public health emergency -- a step Napolitano said , "  sounds more severe that really it is . " "  This is standard operating procedure and allows us to free up federal state and local agencies and their resources for prevention and mitigation , " she said . Meanwhile , Israel and New Zealand were investigating unconfirmed cases of swine flu . Concerns about the virus prompted Canada to issue a travel health notice , and South Korea to say it will test airline passengers arriving from the United States . In New Zealand , officials said 22 students and three teachers , who returned from a three-week language trip to Mexico , might have been infected . The group remains quarantined at home , and Health Minister Tony Ryall said 10 students tested positive for influenza A -- the general category of strains that includes the H1N1 swine flu . In Spain , six people -- all recently returned from Mexico -- were being isolated in hospitals , the country 's Health Ministry said . Lab tests confirmed that one of the people had tested positive . In Israel , doctors are running tests on a man who recently returned from Mexico with light flu symptoms . iReport.com : Do you think we should be worried about swine flu ? In 1968 , a "  Hong Kong " flu pandemic killed about 1 million people worldwide . In 1918 , a "  Spanish " flu pandemic killed as many as 100 million people . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Ariel Crespo , Ted Rowlands , Al Goodman and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Eighty-two cases of swine flu confirmed by health officials worldwide U.S. urges travelers to avoid nonessential travel to Mexico Mexico health official : As many as 149 deaths may be from swine flu Mexico closes all schools until at least May 6
The Ebola news keeps pouring in . Two nurses who treated the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States are in isolation . A nursing assistant in Spain who contracted the disease has been declared free of the virus . Health officials have cleared many of the people who came in contact with Texas patient Thomas Eric Duncan after monitoring their temperatures for 21 days . As these facts and more are revealed , here 's what you need to know about the deadly virus and what 's being done to stop its spread : What are the symptoms of Ebola ? Symptoms include fever , severe headache , muscle pain , weakness , diarrhea , vomiting , internal bleeding and stomach pain . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the average time it takes for symptoms to appear after infection is eight to 10 days . With all these cases in the U.S. , should I be worried ? Ebola is difficult to catch . You would only be at risk if you came into close contact with the blood , saliva , sweat , feces , semen , vomit or soiled clothing of an Ebola patient , or if you had traveled to the impacted areas in West Africa and came into contact with someone who had Ebola . For example , as of midnight Sunday , 43 of the 48 people who had contact with Duncan while he was symptomatic were cleared by health officials ; they no longer have to endure twice-daily temperature checks after reaching the 21-day incubation mark . Officials said the others on the list will be cleared shortly if no symptoms appear . Why 21 days ? The CDC says it can take up to 21 days for symptoms of Ebola to appear , so someone can be infected with the virus and not yet know that he or she is sick . Health officials monitor potential patients for that long before declaring them safe . A blood test can only be positive for Ebola once symptoms appear . There is some controversy over this number . Charles Haas , who published a study last week on the topic , looked at past outbreaks and found there was a 12 % chance of people becoming symptomatic after the official 21-day period . "  I think  the incubation period  probably should be longer , " Haas told CNN . "  There needs to be more of a dialogue between the scientific and medical community and the policymakers on deciding what that appropriate level should be . " So what is the 42-day period I keep hearing about ? The World Health Organization declares countries free of Ebola transmission after 42 days . When a country believes it has an outbreak under control , it must show there are no new cases during that 42-day period . Basically , WHO doubles the 21-day incubation period of the virus to ensure no new infections are happening . Have any countries in West Africa stopped the Ebola virus ? Yes . WHO has declared both Senegal , which had one case , and Nigeria , 19 confirmed cases and one probable , free of Ebola virus transmission . Unfortunately , the number of cases in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone is still growing . The current outbreak is considered the largest in world history -- with more than 9,100 cases and 4,500 deaths due to Ebola . Are U.S. airports screening for Ebola patients ? Out of an abundance of caution , five of America 's biggest and busiest airports are going to do special screenings -- including taking the temperature of anyone who has come from an Ebola-affected country -- to keep the disease from spreading further in the United States . The CDC is going to monitor travelers for any sign of illness and will ask a series of questions about their exposure to Ebola patients . Travelers with symptoms will be isolated and those who are symptom-free will get information about how to watch for possible signs of the virus . Authorities at the UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports , as well as Eurostar railway terminals , also will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . How did this outbreak start ? It probably started with a 2-year old patient in a village in Guinea . The toddler died December 6 , 2013 , according to a report published in The New England Journal of Medicine . Scientists do n't know how the toddler got it , but the virus can spread from animals to humans through infected bodily fluids . It has been spread through infected chimps , gorillas , monkeys , fruit bats , porcupines and forest antelope , according to WHO . Is that why Spanish officials euthanized an Ebola patient 's dog ? Health officials in Madrid were concerned that the dog , Excalibur , might carry the virus because its owner -- a nurse 's aide who treated an Ebola patient in Spain -- was diagnosed with the disease . Despite a "  Save Excalibur " petition campaign , which was signed by about 400,000 people , the dog was put to sleep . Yet in Dallas , Nina Pham 's Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , Bentley , was simply put in quarantine , so there are alternatives to euthanization . Should I worry about my own dog ? Studies on a dog-to-human transmission of the virus are not conclusive . In the 2001-2002 outbreak in Gabon , scientists found signs of the virus in 25 % of the dogs living near the outbreak . The animals were not symptomatic , nor did they die during the time the scientists were studying them . "  The only conclusion that may be safely drawn from this study is that the animals encountered Ebola virus  and their immune systems responded  , " Margaret H. Gilbert , a clinical veterinarian and assistant professor of medicine at Tulane National Primate Research Center , wrote in an email to CNN . "  Whether or not dogs shed Ebola once their immune systems encounter it remains to be seen . " "  Asymptomatically infected dogs could be a potential source of human Ebola outbreaks , " scientists who studied the 2001 outbreak wrote . The CDC is working with the American Veterinary Medical Association and the U.S. Department of Agriculture to develop guidance for the U.S. pet population , but the CDC says the likelihood that U.S. pets will pass Ebola on to Americans is slim . What if I have a cat ? The Ebola virus has been found in other animals , but to date there have been no documented infections in cats . Is there a cure ? Not yet , but scientists are scrambling to find one . A drug called ZMapp was given to two Americans who contracted the disease in Liberia and were brought to Emory University in Atlanta for treatment in August . They recovered fully , and the medication seemed to play a role in that recovery , but there are no more doses of that drug . The U.S. Defense Threat Reduction Agency has provided funding to Mapp Biopharmaceutical so it can conduct more early-stage clinical trials on the drug right now . A drug called TKM-Ebola was used on another American patient who was treated in Nebraska , Dr. Richard Sacra . That drug , manufactured by Tekmira Pharmaceuticals , showed some promise , and the Food and Drug Administration gave it a fast-track designation to speed up the testing process . The biopharmaceutical company Chimerix got approval for the emergency use of its drug , Brincidofovir , for Duncan in Texas . He did not get the experimental medicine immediately . The National Institutes of Health also started human testing on a vaccine in September , and another vaccine developed by the Public Health Agency of Canada -- licensed to Iowa-based NewLink Genetics -- is about to start clinical trials . Complete Ebola coverage How many more people will get sick ? The CDC predicts as many as 550,000 to 1.4 million people could be infected with Ebola by January . That calculation was based on figures from September , before the United States sent additional help to West Africa . The CDC estimates that if 70 % of the people with Ebola are cared for properly , the epidemic could decrease and eventually end .	Two nurses who treated Thomas Eric Duncan are in isolation A nursing assistant in Spain has been declared free of the virus Health officials have cleared some of Duncan 's contacts
CNN  -- Using high-tech robotic cameras , a team of scientists is getting a rare first glimpse of marine life in the North Atlantic that could shed light on the ocean 's ecosystem and climate to as far back as 1,000 years . Images of tulip-shaped sponges , brightly colored corals , delicate pink stars and feathery organisms were among the breathtaking marine life beamed up by a submersible robot that scoured the ocean bed at a depth of some 9,800 feet -LSB- 3,000 meters -RSB- off the Atlantic coast of Newfoundland . The team , led by Fisheries and Oceans , Canada and including scientists from three Canadian universities and the Spanish Institute of Oceanography , is in the midst of a 20-day expedition to study 11 areas under the protection of the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization . Exploring these areas is important because they contain the "  trees of the ocean , " said Ellen Kenchington , research scientist with the Fisheries Department of Canada . She is among the lead scientists in the expedition . "  It 's been really spectacular , " she told CNN affiliate CTV from her office at the institute as pictures from the robot streamed on her computer . "  It 's really changing our perception of the diversity that 's out there . ... We 're seeing new species in deeper waters . " Kenchington told the Montreal Gazette that scientists potentially can look at the coral 's chemical composition and determine the temperature of the water and other data from 1,000 years ago . "  That 's how we are able to say if there is warming or a change in climate direction , " she said . "  In order to understand the present , we need to put it into context . " Corals have been a highly successful life form for 250 million years . They are tiny animals and polyps that exist as genetically identical individuals and can eat , defend themselves and kill plankton for food . In the process they also secrete calcium carbonate , which becomes the basis for an external skeleton on which they sit . These calcified deposits can grow to enormous sizes over a long period of time and form coral reefs . The reefs are among the world 's most productive ecosystems and can harbor more than 4,000 species of fish and many other marine life forms . Some estimates have suggested 20 percent of the world 's coral reefs are already dead and an additional 24 percent are gravely threatened . In the week they have left in the expedition , Kenchington and her team hope to collect samples and video from the depths of the ocean to gain a new understanding of these corals as well as other marine life . The underwater robot , operated by crew aboard the Canadian Coast Guard ship Hudson , is enabling the crew to go about 500 meters deeper than they have before . Kenchington told CTV the research will also help them evaluate areas that are still too deep for current fishing technologies but could be accessible in years to come . "  This will enable us to give advice in the future about what types of organisms are in these areas before they 're fished , " she said .	The scientists discovered deep-sea marine life that could shed light on the ocean 's climate Robotic cameras scoured the ocean bed at a depth of 9,800 feet off the Canadian coast The research will also help evaluate if the protected areas should be further conserved
The first time you see this bizarre aircraft floating high above the horizon , you may be confused . It looks kind of like a giant , winged doughnut . It 's 35 feet wide , and inventors call it the BAT . It 's an unmanned , helium-filled , cylindrical blimp wrapped around three spinning blades that turn wind into electricity . Can the BAT , which stands for buoyant airborne turbine , help bring life-saving electricity to an estimated 1 billion people in rural areas where power is unavailable ? Altaeros Energies , launched four years ago by a group of MIT grads , hopes so . The young company is competing with Google and other outfits trying to bring the first viable airborne wind turbine to market . The sight of whirling wind turbine blades sitting atop towers has become common in states such as California and Texas and in Europe . But the BAT takes wind turbine technology to the next level , literally -- about 1,000 feet above the ground . Towers are often too low to catch the best winds . By flying remote-controlled wind turbines where winds are stronger and more consistent , a lot more energy can be harvested , and it 's clean energy from an endless source . It 's a dramatic idea that could change the course of countless lives around the planet . Suddenly , with airborne wind turbines , isolated communities in South American jungles or Alaskan islands could have easier , cheaper access to technology that most take for granted . For those people , the cost of electric light and heat would plummet because fossil fuels for electric generators would n't have to be imported . Electricity would be available to pump clean water from central wells , preventing waterborne diseases . Refrigeration would be possible in hot climates to keep food fresh and store life-saving prescription drugs . Even cell phone communications might be possible in some places , if cellular repeaters could be integrated into the high-flying turbines . Experts offer three reasons why airborne wind turbines might work for remote areas : • They 're portable . • They 're computer controlled , requiring no onboard pilots and few operators . • No expensive infrastructure , such as electrical grids or power stations , is required . So now , the race is on to figure out the best design for these aerial power generators . Would it look like an airplane ? Google-owned Makani Power in California is working on one . Or would it look more like a winged blimp ? A firm out of Canada called LTA Windpower is working on that idea . Perhaps the answer will be a huge kite , such as they 've got at Berlin-based EnerKite . Or maybe the BAT will do the trick . Altaeros and the Golden Valley Electric Association in Fairbanks , Alaska , are planning to partner on an 18-month test run , beginning sometime in 2015 . Electricity in some remote parts of Alaska can cost more than four times the U.S. average of 13.4 cents per kilowatt hour . That 's because many Alaskan communities are far from electrical power grids -- the infrastructure networks that connect electricity to consumers . Without a grid , the cost of hauling in fossil fuels to run electric generators is huge . "  In Alaska , we have a very small electrical grid , " said Golden Valley systems manager Paul Morgan . "  When people live away from that , they generate their own power in all these villages , and that 's pretty expensive . " The BAT , Altaeros says , is portable enough to pack into two small shipping containers . It can be set up without heavy machinery in about a day . The thing flies via its helium-filled doughnut-shaped body . It 's connected to the ground at all times by strong tethers , which carry electricity to a portable ground station . The tethers also are connected to a computer-controlled automated system that optimizes the BAT 's height , based on changing winds . During operation , no crew is required , Altaeros says . It can be monitored remotely and maintained with periodic on-site inspections . The ground station can be connected to a power grid , or a local micro-grid , or customer equipment , Altaeros says . Each BAT can crank out enough power for 12 homes , the company says . During dangerous weather , the BAT is designed to reel itself down to the ground . Its spinning blades do n't pose a significant threat to birds and bats , Altaeros says , because critters do n't usually fly as high as the turbines . And what about nearby airplanes ? Existing federal rules allow the BAT to fly nearly 2,000 feet high , below most flight patterns . The turbines include safety lights and locator beacons to warn passing aircraft . Here 's a brief look at the BAT 's competitors : Google 's Makani turbine The Makani Turbine got its name from the Hawaiian word for wind . This turbine differs from the BAT because it flies more like an airplane . The plane has propellers on its wing and launches from a nearby ground station tower . While tethered to the tower , the Makani continuously circles in a vertical loop while it generates electricity . When it 's finished , the Makani flies itself back to the tower . Development of the Makani started with inflatable fabric kites . But five years ago , engineers switched to a more reliable rigid airframe made from lightweight carbon fiber . The commercial turbine now under development has the wingspan of an airliner and the weight of a Mini Cooper , and it can withstand the G-forces of a fighter jet , Makani says . The kite Germany 's EnerKite , founded in 2010 , is developing a wind turbine that flies on a kite . "  It will be a mono-wing , like a kite rather than an airplane , " said co-founder and CEO Alexander Bormann . The design calls for the kite to be controlled by a bridle and connected by tethers to a ground station . Bormann says he expects to begin product sales in 2016 . The PowerShip In Ontario , LTA Windpower 's PowerShip concept is basically a blimp with wings and two spinning propellers . What sets this idea apart is the type of buoyant gas that would allow it to fly : hydrogen . Company founder and CEO Nykolai Bilaniuk acknowledges that using hydrogen , which is more flammable than helium , "  is potentially dangerous . " However , he said , "  we have to decide what would be sufficient to mitigate the risk . " A specially designed envelope surrounding the hydrogen would protect the gas from igniting . Also , Bilaniuk says that hydrogen is cheaper than helium and can be created on-site . "  You can electrolyze water using some of your own electrical output from the generator , " he said . It 's possible that all of these technologies may eventually find a place in the growing wind turbine landscape . If the concept of flying wind turbines fulfills its promise , by the end of the decade innovators may transform this big idea into reality while ushering some of the world 's most isolated communities into the 21st century .	Engineers race to develop unmanned flying machine that turns wind to electricity Altaeros Energies ' helium-filled BAT may start Alaska field tests in 2015 Google 's Makani Turbine uses an airplane-like design Worldwide , an estimated 1 billion rural residents have no access to electricity
CNN  -- People have the "  right to be forgotten " and search engines like Google must remove certain unwanted links , Europe 's top court decided in a surprise ruling Tuesday . The case , which spotlighted the clash between privacy and freedom of information advocates , centered on a Spanish man 's efforts to remove historic links to his debt problems . In its decision , the European Court of Justice found operators of search engines such as Google were the "  controller " of information . They were therefore responsible for removing unwanted links if requested . "  An Internet search engine operator is responsible for the processing that it carries out of personal data which appear on web pages published by third parties , " the judges said in a statement about the ruling . A Google spokesman , in an email to CNN , said the ruling was "  disappointing , " and that the company needed time to "  analyze the implications . " Google had previously argued it was only hosting the data and said it was up to the individual websites to remove the data . The decision came as a surprise to the industry and legal experts , as it ran contrary to the court 's Advocate General opinion , whose guidance is usually followed . "  For Google , this result creates a headache -- and potentially huge costs , " University of East Anglia Law School lecturer Paul Bernal said . "  The ruling looks like a strong decision in favor of privacy and individual rights -- and against the business models of search engines , and certain aspects of freedom of speech . " The case arose in 2010 , when Mario Costeja Gonzalez complained to the Spanish Data Protection Agency about an old newspaper notice detailing his social security debts . The advertisement was placed in a Spanish newspaper by the Ministry of Labour in 1998 . It detailed a property auction being held to recover the debts . Gonzalez argued that he had long resolved his debts and the information was no longer relevant . He complained that details about his old debts were coming up in Google search results , which he said violated his data protection rights . The Spanish privacy watchdog rejected the complaint against the newspaper , saying it was right to publish the information at the time of the auction . However , it also said that Google had no right to spread the news about Gonzalez further and ruled that the search engine must remove the link from the list of results . Google challenged the ruling with the Spanish High Court which referred the case up to EU 's top court . International watchdog Index on Censorship said the ruling "  violates the fundamental principles of freedom of expression . " "  It allows individuals to complain to search engines about information they do not like with no legal oversight . This is akin to marching into a library and forcing it to pulp books . " Index said in a statement . Read more : Authors ' case against Google Books dismissed Read more : Google , do n't be secretive Opinion : Google privacy ruling could change how we all use the Internet	The EU Court of Justice ruling says Google must edit or remove search results In certain situations , people may request the search engine to remove unwanted results The ruling says Google should act as a "  controller " and is responsible for data it links to
CNN  -- Real men eat salads . I know this because I am a dude . Right now , in my fridge , I have five bottles of hot sauce , a jar of Cheez Whiz and half a pack of hot dogs . But recently I went to lunch with a couple of buds , and I ordered a salad . I ordered it hard . It was a basic frissée salad with bacon , shallots and a poached egg , tossed in a light vinaigrette . Frissée is a curly , toothsome leaf , bitter enough to balance bacon and egg but still possessed of a pleasant spring . My friends laughed at me . They pointed . One ordered a burger , the other fried calamari . I was chastised for not eating "  man food . " For those of you who are n't familiar with this gender normative term , "  man food " is food that you 'd imagine a lumberjack or a cowboy or a Viking would eat . Towers of butter-soaked pancakes . Pots of napalm-hot chili . Meat on a bone . Thoroughly unsubtle , "  man food " is rustic fare meant to satisfy a hearty appetite . Quantity is prized over quality . Calories are "  fun points . " The more "  fun points , " the tastier the belly filler . But sometimes a dude needs a change . Specifically , a salad . A fresh , crisp , crunchy salad . Salads offer breathers between manly meals . Spinach , cucumber , tomato , red onions , mushrooms , chickpeas , oil and vinegar -- that is my usual jam . I do n't need any fancy , goopy dressings compromising my vegetables .  What does a ranch actually taste like , anyway ?  Sometimes , I might throw some almonds or walnuts up in there . I 've been known to be down with blueberries and mandarin oranges . I like bacon or grilled chicken on occasion . I am not a fan of unnecessary carbs like croutons . And then there are those moments I go crazy and get a frissée freakin ' salad . I did n't evolve without help . There was a time where , if I cut myself shaving , I 'd bleed sausage gravy . My heart squeezed more than it pumped . And I also grew what I call "  fat wings . " Luckily , the woman I was dating at that time did n't like any of those things . Being able to sit in a bathtub full of buffalo wings is every dude 's birthright , but I eventually learned that being attractive for your significant other is also pretty manly . My girlfriend was a smart woman and did n't bring up my devolving into a human biscuit . What she did was announce that we were going to save money so that Saturday nights , we could go to the local barbecue joint and destroy some cow with our faces . Obviously , my first thought was , "  Aww , she wants me to help her lose weight . " So I humored her . She came home from the supermarket with a stack of plastic disposable containers . In each , she put one potential salad ingredient . Not only the ones that would become my favorite but kidney beans , green peppers , corn and pepperoni slices . She created a mini-salad bar in our fridge . It was easy , and I was told I could eat as much as I wanted . This became my lunch and occasional dinner . You know what ? We saved money . I lost weight . Gained energy . And my girlfriend and I , well , let 's just say we had the whoopee time . I kept this up this salad-centric diet for months . My friends would come over to watch a fight or brawl on the PlayStation , and I 'd meet them at the door with a salad in my hand . The landlord would need my help with some drywall ; I 'd put my salad down . At work , I 'd articulate corporate strategy during lunch meetings spearing cucumbers in my lucky bowl of awesome salad . I made eating salad sexy . I made it macho , macho . Is it rabbit food ? Friend , if it 's rabbit food , then that rabbit is the size of a ferocious bear . My friends poked fun at me as I munched on my fancy salad . It was tasty . I love how the warm yolk from the poached egg lightly coated the frissée , adding a dimension of hardiness to a dish with such leafy bounce . And the bacon chunks added just the right amount of fatty salt , more sturdy ballast . I wiped my mouth . We were out celebrating one guy 's birthday . The other guy , an old friend from college , was "  in-between gigs . " It had been another tough year . "  Salad is not man food , " they mocked . Oh , but it is . I ordered a final round of beers . Then I picked up the check . Are salads manly ? What is the manliest salad ? Are you the sort of guy who would n't touch a salad if a gun was put to his head ? Tell us in the comments whether you think salads can count as "  man food . "	Sometimes a dude needs a fresh , crisp , crunchy salad instead of "  man food " "  Man food " is what you 'd imagine a lumberjack or a cowboy or a Viking would eat On a salad-centric diet , this writer lost weight , saved money and gained energy
CNN  -- Healthy men and women with good cholesterol levels could significantly reduce their risk of heart disease by taking cholesterol-lowering drugs , better known as statins , according to a study released at the American Heart Association meetings in November . Today , only people with high levels of cholesterol are prescribed cholesterol-lowering drugs , known as statins . Nearly 18,000 people in 26 countries , including 7,000 women and nearly 5,000 minorities , participated in the clinical trial , the results of which were published in The New England Journal of Medicine . All had very good cholesterol levels , with average LDL -- or "  bad " cholesterol -- levels of 108 and average HDL -- or "  good " cholesterol -- levels of 49 . However , each participant had elevated levels of "  high-sensitivity C-reactive protein " or hs-CRP -- a marker that indicates inflammation in the body and can contribute to coronary heart disease , the No. 1 killer of men and women in the United States . Under the current guidelines set for lowering cholesterol levels , none of the participants would have qualified for taking statins . In the study , the participants took 20 milligrams of the drug Rosuvastatin -- commercially known as Crestor -- or a placebo pill . The maker of Crestor , AstraZeneca , funded the study . According to the lead author , Dr. Paul Ridker of the Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts , the pharmaceutical company had no input in the study 's design and did n't see the final data analysis until the study was submitted for publication . Designed to last up to five years , the trial was stopped after less than two because endpoints set by an independent oversight committee were met , the study says . Researchers found that participants taking Crestor cut their risk of heart attack , stroke and death by nearly half -- 44 percent -- compared with participants taking the placebo . Bad cholesterol levels were reduced by 50 percent and hs-CRP levels dropped 37 percent . Overall death in the Crestor group was 20 percent less than the placebo group . "  This is a huge reduction , unprecedented reduction in risk occurring very quickly , " said Dr. Steven Nissen , a cardiologist at Ohio 's Cleveland Clinic , who has studied the significance of CRP in predicting heart disease . Nissen estimates that 36 million Americans qualify for statins and that the new research could add at least 10 million to the ranks of who should be taking cholesterol-lowering drugs . Some published reports suggest the number could be twice as high . The study 's statistician , Harvard University 's Robert Glynn , estimates that about 250,000 heart attacks , strokes , hospitalizations and cardiac deaths could be prevented over five years if people with good cholesterol and high hs-CRP levels were taking statins . Ridker , the lead author , said doing so would benefit patients and health care providers , noting a simple blood test to detect hs-CRP levels is much cheaper than hospitalization . Blog : Heart disease and cholesterol Ridker said the diversity of the participants , including women , African-Americans and Hispanics , is significant because there is limited information on preventing heart disease among those demographic groups . Today , only people with high levels of cholesterol are prescribed statins . Those with good cholesterol levels typically do n't have their hs-CRP levels tested because there are no clear guidelines on who should be tested and how often . "  These studies show that CRP levels are now emerging as an important risk factor in the development and progression of coronary heart disease , " said Dr. Elizabeth Nabel , director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute , referring to this study and two others being presented at an American Heart Association conference this weekend . Dr. Mark Hlatky , a professor of health policy and cardiology at Stanford University , reviewed the study for The New England Journal of Medicine . Hlatky agreed the study "  provides more evidence about the effectiveness of statin therapy in reducing cardiovascular risk , " even among people who do n't currently meet the guidelines for this kind of therapy . But he suggested that before changing any guidelines , more research needs to be done to determine the effectiveness of testing people for hs-CRP levels , something this study was not designed to do .	Study : Statins can help healthy with good cholesterol levels cut heart disease risk None of study 's participants would qualify for taking statins under current guidelines Maker of Crestor funded study ; lead author says firm had no input in study 's design Cardiologist : New research could add 10 million to ranks of those taking such drugs
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- A bomb exploded outside Greece 's parliament building in central Athens on Saturday evening , a blast near a national landmark that unnerved the country . There were no casualties in the blast , and Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou told reporters that Greeks would not be intimidated by such acts . "  My message is simple : democracy can not be terrorized , " he said when he arrived at his parliament office . Police were alerted immediately after the Eleftherotypia newspaper received a call saying a bomb was placed in an open area outside of parliament . Authorities closed off part of the boulevards in front of parliament and on the eastern side of the building before an explosive device detonated inside an installation for garbage disposal . Later , a caller phoned a police emergency line and said one bomb was placed outside of parliament and another inside the Hotel Grande Bretagne near parliament . The hotel entrance faces one of the closed boulevards . Melios Dimitris , Hotel Grande Bretagne manager , told CNN he had not heard of an immediate threat to the hotel and that the business is operating as usual . Law enforcement officers were carefully combing the area , local media reported , but police do n't think those threats are credible . Greece 's tomb of the unknown soldier , a major tourist attraction , is opposite the parliament building .	NEW : "  Democracy can not be terrorized , " Prime Minister says Newspaper received call that bomb was outside Greece 's parliament building Authorities closed off area before explosive was detonated Greece 's tomb of the unknown soldier is in front part of building
Britain 's Prime Minister , David Cameron , has declared that when dealing with would-be "  terrorist fighters , " he believes it should be easier to confiscate passports -- to stop people traveling , to prevent those who go abroad to fight from returning to the UK , and to deal decisively with those who are here . How exactly the Counter Terrorism Bill will be framed when it is published shortly remains unclear , but current proposals go beyond what is required and risk doing exactly what the U.N. Security Council insists on , which is to act in compliance with international law . "  Dealing decisively with those who are here " sounds good , of course , and there are plenty of terrorism-related offences already on the statute books which can do duty . Whether more are needed is a matter for debate , but clearly , as the U.N. Security Council affirmed last September in its unanimous resolution on "  foreign terrorist fighters , " states must also address the underlying factors , as well implementing rehabilitation and reintegration strategies . Denmark is working on the latter , but has anyone looked to see how they work ? The Security Council says states are obliged to prevent the movement of terrorists by way of effective border and passport controls , and passports are probably the easiest target . British citizens have no legal right to a passport , which continues to be issued under the Royal Prerogative and therefore within the discretion of the Crown  in practice , the Identity and Passport Service acting for the Home Office  . Passports can be withdrawn or "  canceled " for a number of reasons , including public interest grounds such as suspicion that the holder might be involved in international organized crime or in terrorism . The surrender of a passport can also be required as a condition of bail . But what the British government now wants is a statutory power allowing it to seize and retain a canceled passport , so as to reduce the likelihood of it being used anyway . In practice , though , it will be difficult to stop people traveling in the absence of evidence of their intentions ; their proposed destination may be a give-away , but what if their aims are not terrorism-related , but humanitarian ? Many are keen to assist those injured or at risk because of conflict . The Security Council says there needs to be "  credible information " and "  reasonable grounds " to believe that an individual is traveling for terrorism-related purposes ; it encourages the use of "  evidence-based traveler risk assessment . " But there are dangers here , and it rightly insists that authorities do not resort to profiling based on stereotypes which in turn reflect internationally prohibited grounds of discrimination . How will the UK apply such standards , and what protection will citizens have against arbitrary restrictions on freedom of movement ? Will police officers be entitled to act simply on suspicion ? In debating earlier legislation , the Government made it clear that "  suspicion " was a "  lesser test " than belief , and certainly far short of the standard of proof in criminal matters . These issues demand serious thought , if arbitrary power is to be avoided , and discretion confined and structured as the rule of law requires . It is in stopping citizens from returning , however , that the Government will run into trouble with the law . Exclusion orders have been used against UK citizens in the recent past , limiting freedom of movement between Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 1970s to the 1990s ; but these orders were an internal matter , applied to citizens within the United Kingdom , whereas the Prime Minister 's notion is to exclude citizens from the UK . The new "  temporary exclusion orders , " it is proposed , will include passport cancellation , entry on a "  no fly list , " and sanctions against any airline carrying an "  excluded " British citizen to the UK . Such orders may extend for up to two years , though why two years is anyone 's guess , and not apparently evidence-based . Return following exclusion may be allowed , but could be conditioned on prosecution , restrictions on movement , or immersion in a "  de-radicalization programme " -- the dice look loaded with presumptions -- and returning without permission could result in up to five years in jail . Humanitarian workers thus run the risk of becoming trapped in a war zone , while others -- rightly or wrongly suspected of criminal activity -- may be rendered effectively stateless in some transit state or half-way house , in both cases denied the protection which the state owes to its citizens , and allowing the United Kingdom to avoid the responsibility which it owes to other states . Time and again , the Security Council has stressed that whatever measures states take to deal with terrorist-related threats must comply with all their obligations under international law . Specifically , it has said that no state would be obliged to deny entry or require the departure from its territory of its own nationals or permanent residents . "  Exile , " after all , is expressly prohibited by Article 9 of the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights , while Article 12  4  of the 1966 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights declares that : "  No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of the right to enter his own country . " Cameron 's statements regarding so-called jihadists are regrettably indiscriminate and premised on assumptions of guilt . He has called for a "  discretionary power " to exclude citizens from the UK , though this seems to imply an arbitrary competence exercised according to the rule of government , not the legal certainty and procedural protection required by the rule of law , and with no regard either to the rights and interests of other states , or to the necessity for improved international cooperation . No state is obliged to accept another 's "  temporarily excluded " citizens . Any state would be fully within its rights to deport such a person to the UK , and the UK is duty-bound to readmit citizens not allowed to remain in other countries . Moreover , any state whose airline was sanctioned because it carried a UK citizen back to the UK , would be equally entitled to apply counter-measures against the UK , by reason of its unlawful conduct . As was the case earlier this year with deprivation of citizenship , the rush to legislation led to inadequate scrutiny by parliament and cursory consideration of the applicable international law . The result then -- as it may be again -- was a broadening of executive authority beyond what the rule of law in a representative democratic state requires and demands . READ MORE : UK spy chief says tech firms must help combat terrorREAD MORE : Denmark offers foreign fighters rehab , not jailREAD MORE : Will ISIS ` weaponize ' foreign fighters ?	UK PM wants to make it easier for authorities to confiscate the passports of would-be jihadis British citizens subjected to planned exclusion orders will be banned from UK Goodwin Gill questions how government will know whether people are traveling for jihad " ` Exile ' is expressly prohibited by Article 9 of the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights "
Critics of the cease-fire reached Wednesday between Hamas and Israel argue that little has changed . For now , they say , the Egypt-brokered de-escalation has merely placed a Band-Aid over a seeping wound , restoring the status quo established after Israel 's Operation Cast Lead offensive of late 2008 . Certainly , we may well see the return of airstrikes and rockets ; the truce represents only a small first step toward a more durable solution . The nature of the agreement , however , points to a clear "  Arab Spring truth " and a significant shift in regional dynamics : The international isolation of Hamas has ended . The influence exercised by Egypt , Turkey and Qatar was clearly instrumental in delivering this cease-fire . The role of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , in particular , has been praised by Hamas political leader Khaled Meshaal and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton alike , with the latter commending Egypt 's government for "  assuming responsibility and leadership " in de-escalating the crisis . Toward the end of 2011 , Hamas ' departure from Damascus was sealed when Meshaal refused to denounce the uprising against his former host and sponsor , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . With its regional base and Iranian funding in jeopardy , Hamas has increasingly turned to its fellow Sunni allies in Egypt , Turkey and Qatar . The degree of influence that this troika of Arab Spring playmakers has over Hamas ' leaders , however , was revealed only by the recent crisis . The absence in negotiations of the Palestinian Authority and its president , Mahmoud Abbas , was telling . It shows that in a post-revolution Middle East , engagement with Hamas on its own is both feasible and tempting . Opinion : How to prevent the next clash with Hamas In this respect , however , the Egyptian president missed the opportunity to get Abbas and Meshaal working together and further stalled efforts at Palestinian unity . That is the demand of the overwhelming majority of Palestinians . To be sure , Iran still has an important role to play with Hamas . Alongside Egypt -- and , remarkably , the U.S. -- Meshaal recognized on Wednesday the importance of Iran 's contribution to his movement 's efforts  in the field of resistance , rather than resolution  . He praised Tehran for providing the group with arms and financial support , despite "  differences between Iran and Hamas on issues connected with the conflict in Syria . " In this respect , however , he is walking a fine line with his regional backers in order to keep his regional options open . It is worth remembering that Hamas is not a monolithic entity . Some within the movement are more focused on resistance , while others are focused on governance , reconciling with Fatah and reining in independent Gaza-based militants . This is something I heard privately in January 2011 in Gaza and subsequently when talking to some of Hamas ' senior political officials . The international community -- and Israel -- should work with the newly emerged regional troika of Egypt-Turkey-Qatar to engage with Hamas and strengthen Hamas 's pragmatic wing . Given the strength of its ties , though , Iran could still prove to be a spoiling influence . This initiative , as specified by Clinton , should focus on steps toward "  a just and lasting peace . " Let us hope that the past week or so has renewed the Obama administration 's drive to achieve Israeli-Palestinian peace . In the short term , this means pushing for Palestinian unity around a negotiating position and ending the blockade on Gaza , both of which the Qatari emir stressed in his landmark trip to Gaza last month . The continuation of this blockade helps no one , and the destitution it imposes on Gazans has only further radicalized much of the largely young population . About 80 % of Gaza 's households live on less than $ 2 a day , while 1.3 million or 80 % of its citizens receive some form of food aid . No wonder the U.N. recently declared that under current circumstances , the strip would be unlivable by 2020 , citing shortages of food , water electricity , jobs , hospital beds and classrooms . Opinion : Israel , engage Abbas now If such conditions continue , Hamas may well resort to further rocket attacks against Israel 's southern communities or turn a blind eye to other groups launching such terror attacks . Groups such as Palestinian Islamic Jihad , the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades and the small but growing number of Salafi groups that have agreed to the cease-fire will pose a challenge to Hamas ' authority , especially if there is no progress on the ground . These international efforts begin with the implementation of the admittedly shaky cease-fire . Egypt has emphasized the importance of effectively ending the blockade on Gaza -- one of the conditions of the cease-fire document . In the post-Cast Lead border arrangement , Israel retained significant veto powers over the passage of people and the flow of goods through Egypt 's border crossings with Gaza . The new Egypt , however , has stressed the importance of formalizing the free flow of goods into and out of Gaza . In doing so , it wants to diminish the role of the "  informal " tunnel economy , which , while generating large amounts of revenue for Hamas , has helped create an unstable situation in the Sinai badlands . If Israel now fails to deliver on its responsibilities regarding the conditions of the cease-fire , it risks not only a return to conflict but also losing the good will of Morsy .	In post-revolution Middle East , engagement with Hamas is feasible , Salman Shaikh says Influence of Egypt , Turkey and Qatar was instrumental in delivering cease-fire , he says Maintaining Gaza blockade only serves to further radicalize Gaza 's population , he says Obama administration should push for Palestinian unity and end to blockade , he says
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Anti-government protesters and Thai security forces maintained their delicate day-old truce , despite provocative moves by demonstrators determined to break into the main police headquarters here . Hundreds of whistle-blowing demonstrators organized a raucous gathering at the gates of the Thai Royal Police Headquarters on Wednesday morning . "  We will not leave until we enter police headquarters , but there must not be violence , " said one elderly woman who was armed with a whistle and seated in a folding chair . Moments later , demonstrators dressed in makeshift protective gear , including gas-masks , goggles , bicycle helmets , and plastic bags , used ladders and wire cutters to dismantle coils of razor protecting the police headquarters ' main gate . On the other side of several layers of barbed wire and concrete barriers , rows of hundreds of riot police stood and watched . They did not intervene , however , even after cheering demonstrators toppled and pulled away concrete barriers , one giant block at a time . "  We want police to treat us our people fairly the same way they behave towards the reds , " protest leader Thavorn Seniam announced into a loudspeaker . He was referring to government supporters known as "  red shirts . " Opposition activists differentiate themselves by dressing in yellow or black . A temporary truce Last week , scores of people were wounded and at least three people killed during several consecutive days of street battles in Bangkok . On Tuesday , protesters and security forces agreed to bring an end to the violence as a show of respect for Thailand 's much-revered king , who will celebrate his 86th birthday Thursday . But protesters refused to give up their week-old occupation of the ministry of finance and a separate government complex on the outskirts of the Thai capital . Instead , opposition leaders continue to demand the resignation of Yingluck Shinawatra . The democratically-elected prime minister easily survived a no-confidence vote in parliament last week . "  The proposals of the protesters are undemocratic and unconstitutional , " said Suranand Vejjajiva , a top aide to Yingluck , in an interview with CNN . "  What they are trying to do is just topple the democratically-elected government , which is totally unacceptable , " he said . But Suranand added that the government would do its best to avoid violence . Avoiding violence Those orders appeared to be strictly followed at police headquarters on Wednesday . As demonstrators slowly , deliberately cut through fortifications at the gate , a police commander ordered a line of hundreds of female police officers to replace the rows of helmeted riot police . The smiling women , who carried baseball hats and wore colorful kerchiefs , were then ordered to clap along with music blaring from the loudspeakers of several trucks manned by protesters . It was clearly an effort to defuse tensions at the gate . Eventually , a protest leader met with police commanders , who later made a show of waving to the demonstrators . Meanwhile , protest organizers prevented their crowds from streaming into the grounds of the police compound , even after the main gates were opened . "  We welcome them  the protesters  because we do n't want to have any violence today , " announced Deputy Police Chief Aumnart Anartram on his own speaker system . "  They were a bit impatient so they tried to cut the barbed wire and get into our compound . " Aumnart ordered the female police officers to wave to the demonstrators . They did so , and then marched off in formation , still smiling . At that point , the demonstrators also loudly and peacefully withdrew .	Police do n't intervene even as demonstrators topple barriers Yingluck aide : Their proposals "  are undemocratic and unconstitutional " Hundreds of smiling female police officers replace helmeted riot police
ACCRA , Ghana  CNN  -- President Obama reached out to Africa on Saturday with a wide-ranging address praising the continent 's steady achievements , but he called its persistent violent conflicts "  a millstone around Africa 's neck . " President Obama speaks before Ghana 's Parliament on Saturday . "  Despite the progress that has been made -- and there has been considerable progress in parts of Africa -- we also know that much of that promise has yet to be fulfilled , " Obama said in a speech to the parliament of Ghana , a western African nation seen as a model of democracy and growth for the rest of the continent . Ghana was the first sub-Saharan nation to gain independence , in 1957 , and Obama continually cited the nation during his speech for its stability , political strides and painstaking economic progress . Its stability stands in contrast to other hot spots on the continent , such as Zimbabwe , where the society is in economic and political turmoil ; Sudan , where fighting rages in the Darfur region ; and Somalia , where a shaky transitional government is now battling an Islamic insurgency . Ghana , with a population of 24 million , was once a major slave trading center . Obama visited the Cape Coast Castle , a British outpost where slaves were held until shipped overseas , along with his daughters . Watch Obama 's remark after touring Cape Coast Castle " "  I think it was particularly important for Malia and Sasha , who are being raised in a very blessed way , that history can take some cruel turns , " he said . "  And hopefully , one of the things that was imparted to them during this trip is their sense of obligation to fight oppression and cruelty wherever it appears . " Obama , whose father was Kenyan , compared the history to that of the Holocaust , Nazi Germany 's efforts to exterminate the Jews of Europe during World War II . "  It 's one of those things that you do n't forget about , " he told CNN in an interview scheduled to air Monday on "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  I think it 's important that the way we think about it , the way it 's taught , is not one in which there 's simply a victim and a victimizer , and that 's the end of the story , " he said . "  I think the way it has to be thought about , the reason it 's relevant , is whether it 's what 's happening in Darfur or what 's happening in the Congo or what 's happening in too many places around the world , the capacity for cruelty still exists . " Watch how Ghana is celebrating the Obamas ' visit " But he told lawmakers that Ghana now shows "  a face of Africa that is too often overlooked by a world that sees only tragedy or the need for charity . " While the nation-building the country exemplifies may lack "  drama of the 20th century 's liberation struggles , " he said "  it will ultimately be more significant . " As he has in past remarks , including his Cairo address last month about U.S.-Muslim relations , Obama stressed the superiority of governments that "  respect the will of their own people , " saying they foster more prosperity and stability than governments that do n't . Watch Obama deliver speech to Ghanaian lawmakers " "  No business wants to invest in a place where the government skims 20 percent off the top , or the head of the Port Authority is corrupt , " he said . "  No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery . That is not democracy , that is tyranny , even if occasionally you sprinkle an election in there . " Even Kenya , his father 's homeland , continues to struggle with tribalism and corruption , he said . That eastern African nation "  had a per-capita economy larger than South Korea 's when I was born " and now , he says , it has been "  badly outpaced . " But he said Kenya has restored stability after the violence that followed the disputed 2007 election . South Africa has had high voter turnout in recent elections , and Zimbabwe 's Election Support Network has defended the right to vote . Watch report on Ghanaians ' reaction to Obama 's remarks " "  Make no mistake : history is on the side of these brave Africans , and not with those who use coups or change constitutions to stay in power . Africa does n't need strongmen , it needs strong institutions , " he said . He said his administration will work "  to support those who act responsibly and to isolate those who do n't , and that is exactly what America will do . " As for the economy and opportunity , he said African nations need to stop focusing on one particular commodity , such as oil or cocoa , and "  promote multiple export industries , develop a skilled work force , and create space for small and medium-sized businesses that create jobs . " He cited "  our $ 3.5 billion food security initiative " and said "  new methods and technologies for farmers -- not simply sending American producers or goods to Africa " is what is needed . See where Ghana is located " Obama also made reference to climate and energy challenges , saying the developed world should work with Africa to confront such problems . He said Africa has much potential to exploit its wind and solar power and geothermal energy and biofuels . As for disease , Obama said strides are being made in dealing with HIV/AIDS and malaria , but "  too many still die from diseases that should n't kill them . " He also indicated that there need to be ways to keep African doctors and nurses from going overseas and creating gaps in primary care . "  When children are being killed because of a mosquito bite , and mothers are dying in childbirth , then we know that more progress must be made . " He said his administration has committed $ 63 billion to fight disease , praising the "  strong efforts " of his predecessor , George W. Bush . Watch Ed Henry 's report Obama 's emotional visit to Africa " Obama welcomed efforts by the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States to help resolve conflict . He said the United States "  will stand behind efforts to hold war criminals accountable " and that the Pentagon 's Africa Command will fight "  common challenges to advance the security of America , Africa and the world . " Watch Obama 's remarks as his visit to Ghana concludes " "  We all have many identities -- of tribe and ethnicity ; of religion and nationality . But defining oneself in opposition to someone who belongs to a different tribe , or who worships a different prophet , has no place in the 21st century , " he said . "  Africa 's diversity should be a source of strength , not a cause for division . We are all God 's children , " he said .	Obama tells Ghana 's lawmakers Africa needs "  opportunity for more people " "  Africa 's diversity should be a source of strength , not a cause for division " Pledges U.S. will help fight HIV/AIDS , tropical diseases , childhood illnesses
CNN  -- It was the goal that broke a thousand Chelsea hearts . Almost three years ago , Andreas Iniesta fired an incredible shot in the nail-biting final moments of a European Champions League semifinal at Stamford Bridge . Scored in the last minute of stoppage time , it secured a 1-1 draw and put Barcelona into the final on away goals . Iniesta 's ecstatic team then took the title in Rome , beating Chelsea 's English rivals Manchester United . On Wednesday , the Spanish champions will return to London to face Chelsea for the first time since that fateful day on May 6 , 2009 in the first leg of this season 's semifinal . Unsurprisingly , talk has centered on that goal , with 2010 World Cup winner Iniesta adamant that this time around Barca will not settle for a draw . "  We are going there to get a win , to put in a good performance and commit as few errors as possible , " the midfielder said on Barca 's website . "  I guess it 's inevitable that that goal is being talked about again . It 's good to remember it because it was a special and very intense moment -- not just for me , but for all of us . Life goes on though , and Wednesday is a different situation and a different game . I 'm very proud of that goal and happy to have been able to have that experience . It 's a feeling that is hard to describe . " However , Iniesta warned that Chelsea 's squad -- which now includes his compatriots Fernando Torres and Juan Mata -- will be a a strong opposition despite the London side 's difficult first half of the season , which cost coach Andrew Villas-Boas his job . "  They have more experience . They were strong in 2009 and they will be stronger now -- strong , dangerous and intense . That will all be multiplied by the atmosphere at their own ground , " Iniesta said Wednesday 's match will be the fifth meeting between the two sides in the knockout stage of the European Champions League , with 2009 's dramatic match still looming large in the fierce rivalry . That game is also remembered for Chelsea player Didier Drogba 's foul-mouthed tirade at referee Tom Henning Ovrebo after the Norwegian turned down four penalty appeals from his team in the second leg . The Ivory Coast striker is keen to move on from the outburst which landed him a three-game ban . "  It is not about 2009 because I think about the other times we played Barcelona and it is not only bad memories , we have some good memories as well , " he said on Chelsea 's website . "  So it is 50-50 , even if Barcelona are set to be the best team in the world and they have the best player in the world . It is two games , anything can happen . " Drogba has reason to be confident , with the Blues boasting a perfect record in the Champions League at home this season , winning all five games played . "  The only thing I want is to play on Wednesday with my teammates and make a good result . Barcelona are the winners of last year 's competition and nobody expected us to be in the semifinal so we have to show that we deserve to be there , " he said . The match will be particularly loaded for Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola and his Chelsea counterpart Roberto di Matteo , who faced each other as players for the teams in the Champions League quarterfinals 12 years ago . Again , it was Barcelona who triumphed , beating the Blues 5-1 after extra time at Camp Nou to triumph 6-4 on aggregate .	Chelsea fans devastated after Barca score last-gasp goal to take historic 2009 semifinal Almost three years later Barca 's Andreas Iniesta is again hoping to make history in rematch Chelsea 's Didier Drogba hoping to redeem himself after 2009 sending-off Managers Joseph Guardiola and Roberto di Matteo played against each other 12 years ago
CNN  -- The sad state of the economy does n't appear to be affecting the festive mood in New Orleans , Louisiana . A crowd of people try to catch beads on Bourbon Street on Fat Tuesday last year . "  Things are sort of buzzing down here right now , and it feels good , " said Michael Valentino , a local businessman who owns three hotels in the French Quarter . "  Did n't know what to expect this year , but it appears that interest is high and people are acting on that decision in order to make Carnival part of their travel plans . " Hotel bookings are on pace with last year , and the city is anticipating between 700,000 and 800,000 Mardi Gras visitors this year -- at least as many as 2008 . Some tourism officials and business owners expect this year 's attendance to top last year 's numbers because Fat Tuesday , on February 24 this year , falls nearly three weeks later , giving visitors more time to plan and budget for the trip after the winter holidays . As of Thursday , Valentino 's Place d'Armes Hotel was about 96 percent booked for Mardi Gras ' busiest weekend , in line with the Greater New Orleans Hotel and Lodging Association 's indications for Saturday bookings , the season 's peak night . iReport.com : Send your travel photos of New Orleans Other early indicators also are promising . Crowds for last Friday night 's Pygmalion and Oshun parades were as thick as Valentino has ever seen them . He operates bleachers along St. Charles Avenue and is on the street every year . Typically the early , smaller-scale parades do n't draw much attention , he said . "  It just appears that people feel the need to relax and celebrate , and Mardi Gras is an opportunity to step back from what they 're dealing with every day and spend a little time in a mellower , less threatening , more carefree type of an environment . " Despite high expectations for Mardi Gras , the city 's tourism industry has n't completely dodged the economic downturn . Valentino has seen a dip in corporate and meeting inquiries at his hotels and less interest from leisure travelers during times that do n't surround special events . Still , visitation levels for the first quarter of 2009 have remained strong , according to the New Orleans Metropolitan Convention and Visitors Bureau , which spokeswoman Kelly Schulz attributes to meetings and conventions , Mardi Gras and marketing efforts to promote the city as a value destination compared with other popular American cities . New Orleans ' sparkling culinary reputation is part of its unique draw , and Patois , an Uptown restaurant away from the throngs of revelers in the French Quarter , is looking forward to a strong weekend . By Thursday afternoon , the 60-seat restaurant had 90 people on the books for Saturday night . Chef-owner Aaron Burgau said business has been better since the beginning of the year . Patois is closing Sunday , when the restaurant usually is open for brunch , and Burgau plans to ride in the Bacchus parade for the first time Sunday night . The ride comes at no small cost : Burgau estimated he spent about $ 2,500 on beads , krewe dues , a float assessment and other expenses . Orders from krewes for beads and other throws are up this year , according to Daryl Fletchinger , owner of retail store Mardi Gras Spot and a wholesale business . "  Interestingly , everybody wants to put all of the sad , pessimistic , negative news out of their minds and do something that 's very normal for New Orleanians , and that is put on the greatest free show on earth . "	Mardi Gras attendance expected to meet or exceed 2008 numbers Hotel occupancy rates near 96 percent for Saturday night Supplier of parade throws says sales are up this year
CNN  -- Africa has always been a continent of contrasts . And the latest findings from an amazing team of international researchers show that when it comes to providing our children with the best chances in life , Africa once more presents a very mixed picture . In a new report , never-before-available comparative data on laws and public policies in 191 countries , covering poverty , discrimination , education , health , child labor , child marriage and parental care , reveals how millions of children across the world face conditions that limit their opportunities to thrive and reach their full potential because of governments failure to act . This new research aims to broaden global attention from solely survival to children 's full and healthy development . It comes at a critical time as the global community is looking to set new goals and agree on what all the world 's nations will strive for in the so-called "  post-2015 " agenda following more than a decade of efforts focused around the Millennium Development Goals  MDGs  . Children 's opportunities are not just shaped by parents and families , but also by national action in the form of laws and public policies . This may involve removing tuition fees , ensuring inclusive education for children with disabilities , enforcing minimum age requirements for labor , age restrictions for marriage so girls might have a better chance to stay in education , or assisting parents to be able to earn enough to support their children and have the time off from work they need to care for their children 's health and education . Read more : Africa grows , but youth get left behind And as the new analysis confirms , marked strides have been made across sub-Saharan Africa in areas central to our children 's healthy development . Primary education is tuition free across the majority of the region  in 36 of the 41 countries with available figures  and 13 countries have removed charges for secondary education . In addition , virtually all sub-Saharan African countries  45 of the 46 countries with data  guarantee paid maternity leave  although of these 23 provide less than the 14-week minimum established by the ILO  , and 41 of 45 countries have recognized the need to provide income support during periods of unemployment  although this largely does not cover the informal economy  . And progress in improving children 's chances does not necessarily rely on the ability to open large purses . Some low and middle-income countries have made impressive advances for children . Kenya , for example , makes education compulsory for 12 years , longer than all other countries in the region , including those with a higher GDP , and it has a higher minimum age for full-time work than its neighbors . Elimination of schools fees in Malawi in the 1990s has led to a jump in primary school enrollment from under 50 % in 1991 to 99 % in 1999 . Read more : Elite boarding school aims to create Africa 's future leaders Madagascar provides not only paid maternal leave , but also paid leave for children 's health and family needs . Progress is clearly possible when there is political will . But there remains substantial room for policy advances to transform the lives of older children , youth and the poorest . At secondary level , educational opportunities in much of the region are deeply limited -- and limiting . A greater proportion of countries in sub-Saharan Africa than in other regions -- some 61 % -- begin charging tuition fees before the end of secondary school . When we look beyond the issue of accessibility to the quality of education our children receive -- after all it should be fit for purpose -- the region has among the lowest education requirements for teachers , with 50 % of countries requiring lower secondary school teachers to have completed no higher than a secondary education  so teachers have barely more education that their students  . Plus , while policies in the formal economy are relatively strong in terms of supporting families , those in the informal economy remain unprotected . Despite the fact that many countries have set a minimum wage , in 6 countries this wage is just $ 2 per day or less -- and in 20 others is between $ 2 an $ 4 , leaving even a family of one adult and one dependent under the $ 2 poverty line . How can we expect children to thrive given this reality ? What this kind of comparative data and analysis allows us to do is see more clearly where progress is and is n't occurring . It is only when we begin to call out country 's names -- the leaders and the laggards -- that we 'll see all children count on having a childhood where they can go to school and not labor full-time , a childhood free of marriages that require them to parent before they have grown up themselves , getting the education they need to find work that will lift them out of poverty , and not facing discrimination based on their gender or ethnicity . Africa should be a region that has high ambitions for its children and demand that the post-2015 development agenda is one that thinks big for our children and their chances . Read the report and stay up to date on Twitter #kidschances . The opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of Catherine Mbengue	New report shows that policies across Africa are helping children 's development But laws must improve to help children reach potential , says Catherine Mbengue Scrapping fees in Malawi saw entry to primary school jump from under 50 % to 99 % At secondary level , education in much of the region is deeply limited , Mbengue says
London , England  CNN  -- Religious leaders in Britain on Friday hit back at claims by leading physicist Stephen Hawking that God had no role in the creation of the universe . In his new book "  The Grand Design , " Britain 's most famous scientist says that given the existence of gravity , "  the universe can and will create itself from nothing , " according to an excerpt published in The Times of London . "  Spontaneous creation is the reason why there is something rather than nothing , why the universe exists , why we exist , " he wrote . "  It is not necessary to invoke God to light the blue touch paper -LSB- fuse -RSB- and set the universe going . " But the head of the Church of England , the Archbishop of Canterbury Dr. Rowan Williams , told the Times that "  physics on its own will not settle the question of why there is something rather than nothing . " He added : "  Belief in God is not about plugging a gap in explaining how one thing relates to another within the Universe . It is the belief that there is an intelligent , living agent on whose activity everything ultimately depends for its existence . " Williams ' comments were supported by leaders from across the religious spectrum in Britain . Writing in the Times , Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks said : "  Science is about explanation . Religion is about interpretation ... The Bible simply is n't interested in how the Universe came into being . " The Archbishop of Westminster Vincent Nichols , leader of the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales , added : "  I would totally endorse what the Chief Rabbi said so eloquently about the relationship between religion and science . " Ibrahim Mogra , an imam and committee chairman at the Muslim Council of Britain , was also quoted by the Times as saying : "  If we look at the Universe and all that has been created , it indicates that somebody has been here to bring it into existence . That somebody is the almighty conqueror . " Hawking was also accused of "  missing the point " by colleagues at the University of Cambridge in England . "  The ` god ' that Stephen Hawking is trying to debunk is not the creator God of the Abrahamic faiths who really is the ultimate explanation for why there is something rather than nothing , " said Denis Alexander , director of The Faraday Institute for Science and Religion . "  Hawking 's god is a god-of-the-gaps used to plug present gaps in our scientific knowledge . "  Science provides us with a wonderful narrative as to how -LSB- existence -RSB- may happen , but theology addresses the meaning of the narrative , " he added . Read why Hawking says God did n't create the universe Fraser Watts , an Anglican priest and Cambridge expert in the history of science , said that it 's not the existence of the universe that proves the existence of God . "  A creator God provides a reasonable and credible explanation of why there is a universe , and ... it is somewhat more likely that there is a God than that there is not . That view is not undermined by what Hawking has said . " Hawking 's book -- as the title suggests -- is an attempt to answer "  the Ultimate Question of Life , the Universe , and Everything , " he wrote , quoting Douglas Adams ' cult science fiction romp , "  The Hitch-hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy . " Read CNN 's Belief Blog His answer is "  M-theory , " which , he says , posits 11 space-time dimensions , "  vibrating strings , ... point particles , two-dimensional membranes , three-dimensional blobs and other objects that are more difficult to picture and occupy even more dimensions of space . " He does n't explain much of that in the excerpt , which is the introduction to the book . But he says he understands the feeling of the great English scientist Isaac Newton that God did "  create " and "  conserve " order in the universe . It was the discovery of other solar systems outside our own in 1992 that undercut a key idea of Newton 's -- that our world was so uniquely designed to be comfortable for human life that some divine creator must have been responsible . But , Hawking argues , if there are untold numbers of planets in the galaxy , it 's less remarkable that there 's one with conditions for human life . And , indeed , he argues , any form of intelligent life that evolves anywhere will automatically find that it lives somewhere suitable for it . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Hawking : "  Given existence of gravity the universe can and will create itself from nothing " His new book is an attempt to answer "  the Ultimate Question of Life " Archbishop of Canterbury rejected Hawking 's claim that God has no role Rowan Williams : Belief in God not about plugging a gap in explaining how one thing relates to another
Washington  CNN  -- The images could n't have been better if Benjamin Netanyahu designed them himself . After months of leveling humiliating criticism at the Israeli prime minister , here was President Obama calling Netanyahu a man of peace , speaking of the "  unbreakable " bond between the United States and Israel and essentially giving Israel a green light to skirt transparency in its suspected nuclear program , citing its "  unique security requirements . " Gone were the bitter recriminations and the harsh demands to stop all settlement activity in the West Bank . Instead there was praise for the Israeli government for "  working through layers of various governmental entities and jurisdiction " and showing "  restraint " over the past several months . To put an even finer point on the fact that the recent tension was a thing of the past and the two leaders were once again bosom buddies  actually , they never were , but they seem to be now  , Obama even walked Netanyahu to his car after the meeting . The images were a marked contrast to Netanyahu 's last visit in March . Then , there was no press conference or even a photo-op , and it was widely viewed as a snub after the Israeli announcement of new settlement plans for mostly Arab East Jerusalem during Vice President Joe Biden 's visit to Israel . The new message of unity made clear that the relationship between the United States and Israel , and that of their two leaders , was back on track . It was the culmination of a new narrative months in the making . As he did with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Obama found his "  tough love " approach toward Netanyahu was proving counterproductive . The U.S. push for a new United Nations Security Council resolution on Iran , Obama 's recent signing of legislation imposing fresh U.S. sanctions against Tehran and his administration 's efforts to push back pressure for an international investigation into the Gaza flotilla raid , which killed nine Turks , all helped to mend fences with Israel . Netanyahu 's delegation left Washington satisfied that Obama understands Israel 's security needs . But beyond the change in tone evident for the cameras lies a series of contentious issues the United States and Israel will have to confront over the next several months . The details of what happens next are murky and could lead to renewed tensions in the fall when the 10-month freeze on settlement construction in the West Bank ends . Both leaders agreed on the need to move from so-called "  proximity talks , " essentially consisting of shuttle diplomacy by Obama 's Mideast envoy George Mitchell , to direct talks . But the conundrum is that Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has refused to restart direct talks without a full settlement freeze , while Netanyahu is resisting extending the existing ban until talks start . Obama set a deadline when he said talks should begin before the freeze ends in September , suggesting it could create a climate of trust building "  in which everybody feels a greater investment in success . " The leaders also spoke of "  confidence-building measures " both the Israelis and the Palestinians could take to create a better atmosphere for direct talks . Obama wants Israel to "  widen the scope " of Palestinian security control in the West Bank beyond the current few cities , citing advances made by Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad . But it is unclear Israel is confident enough to expand Palestinian responsibilities . Obama went out on a limb Tuesday , saying unequivocally that he trusts Netanyahu . The assumption is that he must have gotten some assurances in private from Netanyahu about steps he is willing to take . But it was clear from Netanyahu 's remarks that the peace process is n't issue No. 1 for him . Obama administration officials before the meeting , and Obama himself during his press availability with Netanyahu , emphasized that moving to direct talks was the most important issue on the agenda . But in Netanyahu 's remarks , the peace process rated a distant third to Iran and issues of Israel 's security . If direct talks do n't begin soon , experts believe the possibility of a breakthrough becomes less likely . The Palestinians are almost certain to refuse to sit down if the settlement freeze is not extended . And as the U.S. midterm elections approach , Netanyahu could gamble on Republicans making gains and weakening Obama 's hand . Netanyahu himself is facing domestic hurdles , which make playing for time in his best interests . The hope is that Tuesday 's summit enabled the leaders to build a partnership which can help them move forward on the peace process . The proof of that will come at the first bump on the rocky road to September , when daylight appears between these two new best friends .	Images from Obama , Netanyahu meeting were a marked contrast to Netanyahu 's last visit New message of unity made clear that U.S.-Israel relationship was back on track Beyond the change in tone lies a series of contentious issues that U.S. , Israel will have to confront In Netanyahu 's remarks , peace process rated a distant third to Iran and Israel 's security
CNN  -- Brazil welcomed the world with a carnival of color as the greatest football tournament on earth began Thursday . Fans packed into the stadium in Sao Paulo ahead of the World Cup 's opening game between the host nation and Croatia , witnessing a spectacular opening ceremony . The show , which comprised of a three-part exploration of Brazilian life , began with a journey into the Amazon rainforest with walking trees and dancing flowers . The South American country 's diversity was embraced in the second part , with all facets of its culture and traditions celebrated with dancing and maracas . The ceremony , which cost $ 9 million , was brought to an end by a performance from Jennifer Lopez , rapper Pitbull and Brazilian singer Claudia Leitte with a rendition of the official World Cup song "  We Are One . " Join our live World Cup blog coverage It is the culmination of a seven-year buildup to football 's global showpiece which has been plagued by mass protests about the estimated $ 11 billlion cost of staging the tournament and concerns that stadiums and crucial infrastructure would not be completed in time . All this could be forgotten when Luis Felipe Scolari 's beloved "  Selecao " kicks off at 2000GMT in the Corinthians Stadium in its Group A opener -- the first of 64 games in a month long festival of football which culminates in the final in Rio de Janeiro on Sunday July 13 . Brazil is favorite from the 32 nations to be crowned world champions again and coach Luis Felipe Scolari is urging supporters to unite behind his team in its quest for glory . "  To all Brazilians I want to tell you the time has arrived . This is our World Cup , " said Scolari , who led Brazil to its last triumph in the 2002 World Cup . "  The first step is Croatia , " added Brazil coach . "  After that we have six steps that we want to go up if we want to win the World Cup . " Scolari 's team , inspired by key player Neymar , won last year 's Confederations Cup , beating reigning world champion Spain in the final , but the action on the field was overshadowed at times by violent protests with over one million people taking to the streets in cities across the country . The protesters were angered by the poor state of Brazil 's public services , the resentment increased by allegations of corruption and the ever-increasing price tag for staging the 2014 World Cup . Brazil 's president Dilma Rousseff , mindful of the damage to the reputation of her country , has ordered a big security operation with a reported 150,000 soldiers and police deployed as well as 20,000 private security officers . And in an early sign that authorities will crack down hard on protests , police fired tear gas and rubber bullets at a small scale demonstration Thursday about 11 kilometers from the stadium . Two CNN journalists sustained minor injuries in the incident and at least one person was arrested . Watch : CNN reporter hurt in tear gas incident Rousseff will welcome a host of world leaders and dignitaries to the opening ceremony in Sao Paulo which precedes the first action on the pitch in the 65,000 capacity stadium . Aside from the difficulties encountered by the host nation , the world governing body FIFA has garnered unfavorable media headlines over its handling of corruption allegations in the award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar . Its 78-year-old president Sepp Blatter has faced down a revolt by European football officials by announcing his intention Wednesday to stand for re-election for fifth term next year . "  My mission is not over , " he announced to FIFA 's 64th Congress in Sao Paulo . For the millions of football fans in Brazil and the estimated 600,000 foreign supporters who have come to cheer on their heroes , such political considerations may well be of secondary importance once the action starts in earnest at 12 venues across a vast country . Vicente del Bosque 's Spain will be bidding to become the first European side to win a World Cup in South America , which last hosted a tournament in 1978 . Spain , twice winner of the European Championships , either side of its triumph in South Africa in 2010 , face a tough opener in Group B against the Netherlands in Salvador Friday . The Dutch provided the opposition in the 2010 final where an Andres Iniesta goal gave Spain its 1-0 victory . Traditional footballing powerhouses Argentina and Germany are also expected to mount strong challenges to the likes of the hosts and Spain , but teams from Africa and Asia have also sprung upsets in recent World Cups .	Hosts Brazil kicks off World Cup 2014 against Croatia Jennifer Lopez sings at opening ceremony NEW : Police fire teargas at protesters in Sao Paulo Spain is defending champion from 2010 in South Africa
CNN  -- The horrific loss of life from the three week conflict in Gaza can never be valued -- but the economic fallout from war is also devastating the local population . In the case of Gaza , a seven year air and sea blockage imposed by Israel since Hamas came to power has isolated its economy . The blockade has limited supplies of concrete and basic construction materials as well as medical supplies and food stuffs . According to the World Bank , half of Gaza 's 1.8 million residents live in poverty and one out of every three workers is unemployed . As Gaza 's official economy has contracted , the shadow economy -- also known as the tunnel economy -- blossomed . Underground tunnels were built by Gazans to circumvent the blockade allowing goods to be illegally smuggled from Egypt . But the tunnels have also been used by Hamas to bring in weapons and launch attacks on Israel . CNN 's John Defterios sat down Middle East strategist David Butter to ask what could reverse the isolation of the Gaza economy . He started by asking how the situation has changed over the last six to 12 months . David Butter  DB  : What 's changed in the last year is the closure of the tunnels by the Egyptian government This was handling up to 200 tons of trade every day . Fuel was running through , cars  too  . It was a thriving  entryway  for bringing things in and of course Hamas was collecting a lot of revenue from customs and licenses on these tunnels . John Defterios  JD  : What are the conditions on the ground for Palestinians today with the tunnels shut and before the strikes ? DB : About half of the Gaza population receive humanitarian support from the UN . There 's also salaries coming in from the Palestinian Authority to its members of the civil service -- there 's about 70,000 of those . But without that trade coming in through the Rafah crossing from Egypt , the situation is becoming increasingly more subdued and desperate for the people on the ground . JD : Grinding poverty and the desire by Hamas to strike at Israel . Would you say there is a direct link ? DB : Well , I think the timing of this escalation is linked to a number of things . Obviously we have the breakdown of the peace process . We have the reconciliation if you like , the unity government between Hamas and Fatah . But certainly from the Hamas point of view , the desperation they were in may have driven them to risk getting involved in this escalation on the assumption that a major crisis would result in a major reappraisal of the entire economic situation .	Blockade has brought Gaza economy to its knees Tunnels have been used to smuggle up to 200 tons of goods a day into Gaza in recent years Escalation of conflict in recent weeks could be sign of Hamas desperation , says Middle East strategist David Butter
Washington  CNN  Americans ' view of the economy is increasingly dour -- though a majority expect things to turn around next year , a new poll shows . Just 38 % of Americans believe the economy is in good shape , a CNN/ORC International poll of 1,018 adults , conducted Oct. 24-26 , found . That 's down from 42 % in September -- and it could hurt Democrats ' chances of holding onto the Senate in the Nov. 4 midterm elections . Wednesday 's survey found that 62 % rated economic conditions as "  somewhat poor " or "  very poor " . The poll found that urban Americans have a rosier view of the economy , with 43 % saying it 's in good shape compared to 39 % of those surveyed in suburban areas and 31 % in rural areas . The bigger difference , though , is between the 55 % of Democrats who say the economy is performing well and the 28 % of Republicans who agree . Just 32 % of independent voters say the economy is in good shape . "  With the economy remaining the top issue on the voters ' minds , the downturn in positive views of the economy could not have come at a worse time for Democrats , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . The downtick ends what had been a year-long trend of increasingly positive views of the economy . But a slim majority of those surveyed said they 're confident things will improve , with 52 % saying they believe the economy will be in good shape a year from now while 46 % said it 'll be in poor shape . The economy is n't the only measure of the country 's mood ahead of next week 's elections . A CNN/ORC International poll released Tuesday found that 68 % of Americans say they 're angry about the way things are going in the United States . It also showed that 36 % of Republicans are enthusiastic about voting this year , while just 26 % of Democrats say they are . That difference could be key in some House districts , and with control of the Senate on the line .	38 % of Americans say the economy is in good shape , a new CNN/ORC International poll shows That 's down from 42 % who said the economy was performing well in September Most predicted the economy will be in good shape a year from now
PEOPLE.com  -- K.D. Lang and her girlfriend are calling it quits . Lang , 50 , filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership with Jamie Price , who 's been her partner for nearly nine years . Lang filed for dissolution of domestic partnership , citing irreconcilable differences , according to the papers filed on December 28 and obtained by PEOPLE . A rep for Lang did not respond to request for comment . The couple met through their mutual Buddhist teacher , according to New York Magazine . News of the longtime musician 's filing was first reported by TMZ . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	K.D. Lang filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership Jamie Price has been her partner for nearly nine years The couple met through their mutual Buddhist teacher
CNN  -- The U.S. military is distributing pamphlets in eastern Afghanistan in an effort to find a soldier who has been missing for more than two weeks , the military said Thursday . A soldier mans a weapon at the rear of a U.S. Army helicopter over Afghanistan in May . The Taliban has claimed responsibility for kidnapping the soldier , who has not been identified , along with three Afghan soldiers . All went missing on June 30 in southeastern Afghanistan . The military believes the soldier may have been moved to various locations , including across the border into Pakistan , U.S. military officials said . There are two versions of the pamphlets , which are in the Pashto language and were made available to CNN by U.S. Forces Afghanistan . One shows the image of an American soldier shaking hands in a group of kids with the message , "  One of our American guests is missing . Return the guest to his home . Call us at ... " and lists a phone number . The other shows a U.S. soldier kicking down a door , and then an outstretched hand with the superimposed image of a soldier , his head and arms drooping , and the words , "  If you do not release the U.S. soldier then ... you will be hunted , " Capt. Elizabeth Mathias , a U.S. military spokeswoman , said Thursday . Soldiers have posted and handed out the pamphlets across Ghazni and Paktia provinces over the past 24 hours , Mathias said . Days after the soldier went missing , a senior U.S. military official said , he and the three missing Afghan soldiers were captured by low-level militants and then quickly "  sold " to the clan and network led by warlord Siraj Haqqani , who is believed to be deeply involved in the action . The Haqqani clan operates on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistani border and is well known to the U.S. military . The soldier apparently left his small outpost on his own on June 30 with no apparent means of defending himself , the official said . Taliban commander Mulvi Sangeen said the U.S. soldier visited a military post in the Yousaf Khel district in Paktika province , got drunk , and was ambushed while returning to his car . Sangeen said the soldier was taken to a safe place . Paktika and Paktia provinces are adjacent . CNN could not independently verify Sangeen 's claims . A source with the U.S. military denied the claim that the soldier was drunk . "  The Taliban are known for lying , and what they are claiming -LSB- is -RSB- not true , " the source said .	Taliban says it kidnapped U.S. soldier , who has not been identified Soldier , with 3 Afghan soldiers , went missing June 30 in southeastern Afghanistan Pamphlets come in two versions : One has an appeal , the other has a warning Soldier apparently left outpost on his own with no means of defending himself
There is a saying that Mongolians are born on horses . "  That 's how important these animals are to our culture , " says Baocheng , as he smooths his leathery palms over a 200-year-old saddle . His collection of more than 400 Mongolian horse saddles has been a labor of love since he stopped riding . After more than 40 years of training and riding horses , the ethnic Mongolian says they 're as much a part of him as the air he breathes . "  As a kid , everyone rode horses to herd sheep , but now we only see motorcycles " the 68-year old says , as he lights a cigarette . He reveals a toothy smile that carves even deeper wrinkles into his weathered skin . "  We learned to ride when we could walk . " Baocheng , who like most Mongolians goes by one name , has witnessed many changes around the street where he runs an antiques shop . This was once a trading area for livestock in downtown Hohhot , capital of China 's Inner Mongolia Autonomous region . Unfortunately the most significant -- and damaging -- change is taking place on lands beyond the city that most Mongolians traditionally lived on . Overgrazing and drought have combined to threaten Inner Mongolia 's grasslands . Desertification in the Mamugeng grasslands , some 120 miles from Hohhot , has forced the government to place restrictions on some herders . But ethnic Mongolians complain their nomadic lifestyle is being threatened . Though some have been handed government subsidies , others have reported being forced to move from grasslands into brick apartments in cities like Hohhot . The nomadic way of life dates back to the days of Genghis Khan , leader of one of the largest empires in history that stretched from the Great Wall of China to Europe . Grazing cattle , sheep and horses on the Mongolian steppe while living in circular white tents known as gers was the traditional way of life for many . Erden is one of a decreasing number of herders still living off his family 's land , which has been passed down three generations . He says he 's content doing what his father and their ancestors have passed down and has no plans to move . "  We Mongolians used to have a big population here , but now our numbers are getting smaller and smaller , " the 41-year old says . He has 400 sheep and goats , and sells them for about 1,000 yuan  US$ 160  each , making a decent living for his family . But not all ethnic Mongolians in the region are as content . The threat to traditional Mongolian culture , which includes allegations of illegal land seizures , has led to an uptick in protests in recent years . According to the New York-based Southern Mongolian Human Rights Information Center , repeated appeals have been made to the government to protect the nomadic culture from activities such as mining in this resource-rich country . The group said at least 22 ethnic Mongolians were detained earlier this month after hundreds clashed with police during a protest against land seizures . The government says it has introduced initiatives to protect Mongolian culture , such as promoting folk music , encouraging Mongolian language in schools and building heritage centers . But critics argue that without a nomadic lifestyle , it is impossible for young Mongolians to learn about their ancestors ' way of life . "  Mongolians have peacefully led a nomadic lifestyle for centuries so we need to ask why it 's being threatened now ? " says Nars , the lead singer of Anda Union , a Mongolian throat-singing band . "  It 's important to prevent desertification , but at what cost ? Why is this happening now and what other solutions are there ? " Rapid development and the spread of China 's dominant Han population to minority regions , has meant that ethnic Mongolians only make up about 17 % of the region 's 24 million population , according to China 's National Bureau of Statistics . Like Tibetans and Uighurs from the restive of Xinjiang region , experts say an underlying tension exists between ethnic Mongolians and Han people . Anda Union hopes to bridge that gap by educating the masses with their music . The Hohhot-based band consists of 10 band members who play around the world with indigenous Mongolian instruments such as the horse head fiddle , three-holed flute and mouth harp . In March , the group played at the international music festival WOMADelaide in Australia and WOMAD in New Zealand , with plans to tour Europe this summer . During a performance in their home town , the group demonstrated their music -- known for its rich blend of movement between hoomai , a deep guttural throat song , and the clear long notes of urtinduu , which uses the throat to create a whistle effect . But ownership over throat singing has struck a sensitive chord with ethnic Mongolians in recent years after the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  declared it an art native to China . The UNESCO website states that Mongolian regions in Inner Mongolia , western Mongolia and Russia all practice the art , but the country of origin is stated as China . "  Personally , I think throat singing is part of our Mongolian culture , and it should belong to Mongolians , " says Nars , who oversees a workshop that teaches students to make traditional Mongolian instruments . "  By teaching our art , we 're hoping the next generation can carry on our culture . "	Grasslands of Inner Mongolia threatened by over-grazing , development and drought Traditional nomadic lifestyle threatened as people have been forced to move to cities Ethnic Mongolians now only make up 17 % of Inner Mongolia 's population Chinese government says efforts have been made to protect Mongolian culture
New York  CNN  -- More than 100 people who lost their homes in a fire that devastated Long Island 's Rockaway peninsula during Superstorm Sandy last fall have filed a lawsuit against the power companies they claim are responsible , according to their attorney . The fire , which destroyed 126 homes and damaged 22 in the Breezy Point neighborhood , began when rising sea water came into contact with the electrical system of a home around 8:30 p.m. on October 29 , according to the Fire Department New York . The fire was not brought under control until around 6:30 the next morning because the storm surge flooding kept firefighters out of the area . Fueled by hurricane-force winds , the fire quickly spread from home to home , FDNY said in a press release in December . The lawsuit argues that Long Island Power Authority and National Grid should have shut off power to their neighborhood , in the New York City borough of Queens , before the bad weather hit , as they did with Fire Island , just off the south shore of Long Island . Bloomberg wants to spend billions on storm , climate change "  Had LIPA and National Grid acted responsibly in preparing for the storm , my clients would be living in their homes with all of their life 's possessions , and these two communities would not look like a war zone , " the plaintiffs ' attorney , Keith Sullivan , said in a statement released Tuesday . Billy Heeran , 35 , lost the restaurant his family had owned for 33 years in the fire . A firefighter who has lived in the Rockaways his whole life , Heeran was also one of the men fighting the fires in Breezy Point that night . His second-floor condo in the area that overlooks the beach was safe by just inches , he said . "  I just want not a penny more , not a penny less than what it costs to rebuild , " Heeran said . Although the lawsuit does not seek a specific dollar amount , the damages to the area exceeded $ 80 million , and continue to rise since none of the 120 clients have been able to begin rebuilding , Sullivan said . Sandy relief : The need continues Heeran said his insurance claim covered only about a quarter of the $ 2.5 million to $ 3 million it would cost to rebuild his business . He , along with his brother , father and business partner , had paid off the mortgage to the restaurant 15 years ago , he said . "  We should n't have to pay another mortgage again for something that could have been prevented , " he said . "  Electricity and salt water is a deadly combination , we would have thought the power companies knew this already , " Sullivan said . LIPA officials stood by their actions in a written statement . "  While we are sensitive to those families and individuals who suffered tragic losses from Sandy , the effort to place fault for this tragedy with the utility is misplaced , " the statement says . Sullivan , who is from the Rockaway area , said the issue has become very personal for him . "  We all watched those fires rage during the storm and were standing in front of the homes that were reduced to smoldering ash and rubble the next morning , trying to make sense of why this was allowed to happen , " he said . Weather disasters cost $ 110 billion in 2012	A fire sparked by Superstorm Sandy destroyed 126 homes on Long Island It was ignited when storm surge water came into contact with a home 's electrical system Residents say Long Island Power Authority and National Grid , should have cut power "  The effort to place fault for this tragedy with the utility is misplaced , " LIPA says
CNN  -- Get off the grid and into the wild on an overnight backpacking trip . Backpackers are likely to experience the wilderness much more intimately than other types of travelers -- and reap the benefits of physical exercise and mental refreshment at the same time . "  A variety of studies show that even relatively brief experiences in nature can enhance feelings of energy and vitality , " said Dr. Richard M. Ryan , professor of psychology , psychiatry and education at the University of Rochester . Nature has a way of magnifying little details you may have overlooked , and your safety and overall enjoyment depend on your preparedness . So if you 're not sure where to begin your backpacking adventure , consider a guided trip . 7 prime spots for wildlife viewing Trip outfitters will often supply you with all the gear you need , including food . And guided getaways are not just for beginners . Seasoned backpackers often opt for guided trips too , says Ian Elman , owner of Southern Yosemite Mountain Guides , a company that specializes in these types of excursions . Many guides will customize trips to suit your specific needs and physical condition . Guided trip costs can range from less than $ 200 per person to thousands of dollars depending on the nature and length of your trip . Starting locally is a great way to gauge your interest and skill level for future expeditions . 12 things you might not have known about the Appalachian Trail Ready for some adventure ? These five immense U.S. national parks offer backpacking trips of a lifetime : Grand Canyon National Park The Grand Canyon in Arizona offers some of the most challenging backpacking in the United States due to its steep trails and fast-changing weather conditions . If you opt to hike from the North Rim to the South Rim , you 'll experience an elevation differential of more than 10,000 feet from start to finish , according to the National Park Service . The reward ? Getting a unique perspective on the natural wonder and its geological rainbow from the base of the canyon . Are you a window flier or an aisle seater ? A popular itinerary for first-time backpackers is to spend a few nights at either Bright Angel or Indian Garden Campgrounds . These sites can be accessed by the Bright Angel Trail , and you 'll need a park service backcountry permit . The National Park Service maintains a list of companies authorized to guide backpackers within the park . Glacier National Park Glacier National Park in Montana ranks as one of the most popular backpacking parks , according to the National Park Service . Its alpine lakes , steep mountains , abundant wildlife and more than 700 miles of trails make this park a backpacker 's dream . Belly River Trail is a popular route . This 13.6 mile trail offers spectacular mountainous scenery and passes by campgrounds at Elizabeth Lake and Helen Lake . The trail drops 740 feet in the first few miles then levels out . Backcountry campers will need a permit . Glacier Guides is the park-service approved outfit for guided and custom backpacking trips into the park 's backcountry . Yellowstone National Park Yellowstone is one of the most diverse national parks , with landscapes ranging from forested mountain slopes to valleys bustling with wildlife to roaring rivers . Some 1,000 miles of trails criss-cross the park , some offering easy trips over gentle terrain , while others require technical skills and endurance . The park service says many of Yellowstone 's trails are more than 7,000 feet above sea level and most areas have snow until late May or early June . The park service suggests avoiding high elevations early in the season because some of these areas may be closed if conditions are considered unsafe for visitors . A list of outfitters permitted to guide backpackers within Yellowstone can be viewed on the park 's official website . Denali National Park and Preserve Denali , in Alaska 's interior , encompasses more than 6 million acres of land and is home to North America 's tallest peak at 20,320 feet -- Mount McKinley . Black bears and grizzly bears are among the stars for wildlife spotters  just keep your distance  . This national park is about the size of Vermont , yet only a handful of trails exist in this vast , solitary area . Most of the trails are within three miles of the park entrance , but if you 're adventurous , you can explore the wild terrain , which ranges from a low-elevation taiga forest to snow-covered mountains . You 'll need to get a backcountry permit in person before you set out . Three park-authorized companies offer guided backpacking : Alaska Mountaineering School , Mountain Trip and Rigging for Rescue . North Cascades National Park Escape to this national park in Washington state and surround yourself with mountains , glaciers and streams . Grizzly bears are among the 75 mammal species that inhabit the wilderness . Backpacking is popular at North Cascades and trips can range from an overnight on relatively level land to multiday hikes over multiple mountain passes . Mountaineering treks for varying skill levels are an option , too , but this is not a beginner 's venture . Beaver Loop trail is a moderate , forested route . The 34.2 mile journey offers a side trip with views of Challenger glacier and peak and usually takes three to four days . The park service lists authorized guides for North Cascades backpacking on its site .	Backpackers often experience national parks more intimately than other visitors Studies show brief experiences in nature can enhance feelings of energy and vitality Guided backpacking tours are available in some U.S. national parks
CNN  -- These are the days of uncertainty . The pollsters tell us so . You would n't know it from the pundits , however . They rend their garments or sing hosannas as if each little survey statistic was handed down from on high , chiseled into tablets . "  Is Mitt Romney panicking ? " asked a Washington Post headline in mid-September after polls indicated President Obama had received a post-convention bounce . "  Did Obama just throw the entire election away ? " an alarmed Andrew Sullivan asked after the first presidential debate , reeling off a flurry of the president 's poor polling numbers . The fact is , every day is a day of uncertainty -- and we hate that . Psychologically , it gives us comfort to determine our fates , says Dr. David Reiss , a San Diego-based psychiatrist and expert on personality dynamics . "  We 're sort of hardwired to predict what is going to happen to protect ourselves , " he says . After all , for much of mankind 's recorded history , a prediction could literally mean the difference between life and death -- whether it was determining a village 's vulnerability to attack or attempting to figure out the size of the coming harvest . But , he adds , there 's also a sense of power and ego in knowing the future : "  If I can predict things , I have some control and it releases feelings of helplessness or fear , " he says . "  The more I can predict , the smarter I am and the better I look to others . " Throw in the chattering , nattering , opinion-splattering classes -- which traffic in confidence and authority -- and you create a stew of statements that seldom veers from bet-the-house conviction . In his new book , "  The Signal and the Noise : Why So Many Predictions Fail -- But Some Do n't , " statistician and FiveThirtyEight.com creator Nate Silver looked into almost 1,000 predictions of the D.C.-based "  McLaughlin Group " pundits . They were about half right -- no better than a coin flip . These Beltway insiders "  displayed about as much political acumen as a barbershop quartet , " Silver writes . Compare that with weather forecasters , Silver says in an interview . The profession , which has improved consistently over the years , makes a virtue out of unknowns , such as the "  cone of probability " in hurricane tracking . "  They 're being honest about how much they know and how much they do n't know , " he says . "  So they 've made progress , whereas people who are trying to make the perfect prediction and take political science and treat it as though it 's physics are failing much more often , " he says . An appreciation of uncertainty "  requires a dose of humility that the weather forecasters have that the  pundits  do n't . " Numbers overload : Polling data hype sways voters ` You find the uncertainty and kind of wallow in it ' We may want to laugh about the "  McLaughlin " folks -- they 're providing entertainment , not prophecy -- but the overall point of Silver 's book is that poor predictions can cost society dearly . Look at the financial crisis , which blindsided most economists , or the early visions of the Iraq war , which turned out to be anything but the predicted "  cakewalk . " It 's no wonder that , throughout history , kings and emperors put so much stock in soothsayers , or that tales of Joseph , Daniel , Cassandra and the Oracle at Delphi are still touchstones . We also revel when the experts are wrong . An Irish mathematician said speedy trains were impractical because they 'd cause breathing deprivation . A 1901 critic said only one of Mark Twain 's works would endure : "  The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County . " And then there 's the founder of the onetime technology behemoth Digital Equipment Corp. , who said in 1977 , "  There 's no reason a person would want a computer in their home . " Digital was bought by home computer-maker Compaq in 1998 .  TheWeek.com has a whole page devoted to such opinions . Pollsters should n't get cocky , either . In 1936 , the prestigious Literary Digest -- which ran what was then considered the gold standard of presidential polls -- proclaimed that Republican Alf Landon would beat President Franklin D. Roosevelt . Instead , Roosevelt won the greatest electoral landslide of modern times . The Digest , suddenly a laughingstock , folded two years later . The Digest 's failure led to the rise of pollster George Gallup , who brought statistical rigor to polling . But even Gallup could falter : His poll missed the Harry Truman-Thomas Dewey contest of 1948 . Futurists are professional predictors , some of them paid tidy sums for their expertise in forecasting the direction society , technology and nations are moving . Cindy Frewen Wuellner , an architect and chairwoman of the Association of Professional Futurists , says the key to good forecasting is knowing what you do n't know and doing your research . "  As a futurist , you find the uncertainty and kind of wallow in it , " she says . "  You make sure the uncertainty is explored layer by layer . " She observes that context is key . We 're always making fun of the fact that we do n't have a "  Jetsons " - like present of flying cars , she points out , but seldom think about what 's required to build that kind of society . "  It 's not the innovation , it 's the diffusion of it , " she says , pointing out that we 'd need to create a whole infrastructure for such vehicles  which do exist  . "  It 's enough to have the FAA dealing with all the planes in the air . What if every single car was a plane ? " People  like , perhaps , sports talking heads or Washington pundits  often believe predictions are "  a single scenario , " she adds . "  Futurists believe in futures with an 'S , ' meaning multiple scenarios . And the only scenario that is n't going to happen is business as usual . You ca n't just take today and multiply it out and call it tomorrow . " Which is one of the issues in interpreting polls . Too often , observers look at what is so often characterized as a "  snapshot " of data and jump to conclusions . It does n't help , says Emory University political scientist and polling expert Alan Abramowitz , that there are more polls than ever . "  If you go back to the 1950s and '60s , there were only a few polling organizations , " he says . "  It 's really in the last two or three presidential election cycles that we 've seen a proliferation of polls . " Moreover , as technology has changed , so have polling methods . Polling used to be done face to face . Now it 's all done by telephone -- a much cheaper alternative , Abramowitz says , but not necessarily more accurate , what with robocalls , lack of callbacks and sampling challenges based on land line and cell phone users . Then there 's "  rational ignorance " -- the consciously shallow understanding and apathy of many possible respondents . There have been movements to counter these flaws , such as Stanford University 's "  Deliberative Polling , " but the general process remains imperfect . Some organizations have adjusted well , others have not -- but all the data are thrown into the mix , a haystack of straws for pundits to grasp . ` Town meeting ' or fodder for denialists ? In his book "  When the People Speak , " James Fishkin , a Stanford political scientist , observed that George Gallup believed polling solved a host of civic ills . Along with mass media , polling "  created a town meeting on a national scale , " Gallup wrote in 1938 . So much for that . Instead , many people have used the snapshot statistics as a club with which to pound their opponents -- or they deny their usefulness entirely . Indeed , these days , some people hold onto their views so strongly that they resist actual facts . Both parties have fallen into the trap : In 2004 , some Democrats , lulled by early exit polls that indicated a narrow victory for John Kerry , claimed that the election had been stolen . More recently , some Republicans have claimed that the polls themselves are skewed . In an essay for Slate , law professor Richard L. Hasen , author of "  The Voting Wars , " asked if Republicans would accept an Obama victory . He pointed to a rise in distrust of election results -- from members of both parties -- since the 2000 Bush v. Gore contest . "  The lesson from these statistics is simple . If my guy won , the election was fair and square . If your guy won , there must have been some kind of chicanery , " he writes . Sigh . Sometimes , says futurist Frewen Wuellner , you just have to accept that you do n't know the future until it occurs . In the meantime , research , prepare -- and expect uncertainty . "  Anybody who says they know for sure -- they 're lying , " she says . "  They do n't know . Nobody knows for sure . There 's always something that can happen . "  It 's what makes the prediction business so big . "	Some people jump to conclusions based on polls , putting uncertainty aside We 're uncomfortable with uncertainty -- hence the market for predictions FiveThirtyEight.com 's Nate Silver : A "  dose of humility " necessary When predictions go wrong , some people deny the result
CNN  -- "  The fastest man in rugby " could soon be showing his sprinting skills in the NFL after the Detroit Lions signed United States sevens international Carlin Isles . Isles was a college sprinter in the 60 meters at Ashland United and has completed the 40-yard dash in under 4.3 seconds . His fastest 100m time of 10.13 s would have qualified for the semifinals at the London 2012 Olympics . A winger in rugby , he will be a wide receiver in the Lions ' practice squad . The 24-year-old , who took up rugby in 2012 , was given his chance following a trial after tight end Matt Veldman was promoted to the Lions ' active roster . "  If you want to develop one of those guys you have to give some guys a chance here or there and this was an opportunity to be able to do that because of the way our roster is and bringing some of the guys up that we have , we have a spot open , " Lions coach Jim Schwartz told the NFL 's team website . The move does not mean Isles will pack in rugby altogether as he confirmed on his official Twitter account that he will be taking part in the next round of the Sevens World Series in Las Vegas on January 24-26 . "  Rugby is quite similar to American football , " Isles told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show last month . "  Besides the blocking and no pads , the tackling is similar . But American football you 've got breaks -- rugby , you do n't have no breaks , you 've got to keep running and running . " Isles , who played gridiron at high school and college in Ohio before becoming a professional athlete , is n't the first player from another sport to attempt the transition . Indianapolis Colts gave former rugby union player Daniel Adongo two games earlier this year , while Lawrence Okoye , a discus thrower at the 2012 Olympics , is on the books of the San Francisco 49ers . "  He 's a legit track guy , " said Schwartz of Isles . "  I mean , his background happened to be rugby , but it 's probably more track and that speed -- that 's not unusual at all to see track athletes get chances . " And the Lions coach is confident Isles can successfully make the switch . "  An athlete 's an athlete , " said Schwartz . "  There are skills that you can develop , and if you see something you like then you can work with him . "  I think our personnel department does a really good job of searching that . There 's a lot of layers to stuff like that , but whether it 's a rugby player or a basketball player , if they can bring something to the table that is unique and make it worth working with them then we 're open to it . " The Lions are looking to improve next year after a disappointing campaign in which the team has dropped from a 6-3 record to 7-8 ahead of this weekend 's regular-season finale against Minnesota Vikings .	Detroit Lions sign United States rugby sevens international Carlin Isles Isles impressed after being invited to a routine workout with the NFL side He has been signed as a wide receiver for the Lions ' practice squad
CNN  -- "  I may have spoken too soon , " Bob Orsa said the other afternoon , with a sardonic laugh that did n't carry much mirth . He and I had first met exactly three years ago -- on September 18 , 2008 , toward the end of that frightening week when the American economy seemed to be on the verge of disintegrating . Lehman Brothers had collapsed , Merrill Lynch had been taken over by Bank of America , the stock market had plummeted , and the "  too-big-to-fail " theory that would lead to the bailout of the major banks was forming . Things were a mess . Not that Bob Orsa was a player in those Wall Street and Washington machinations . He was a small businessman in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania , a borough of about 18,000 people . Or -- more accurately -- he was about to become a small businessman in Chambersburg . In what would be described as the worst U.S. economic climate since the Great Depression , Orsa was getting ready to open the doors of a new restaurant on the town square . I 'd been in Chambersburg interviewing longtime merchants about what rough financial times meant for them . And it was the new guy on the town square -- Bob Orsa -- who sounded , in the face of everything , optimistic . "  Some time to open a new business , right ? " he 'd said as we had stood outside the restaurant looking at the old county courthouse across the way , as carpenters inside his building readied it for opening day . "  But I feel good . " Of the national economy , he 'd said : "  It 'll all come back . History shows us that , does n't it ? It always comes back . " I 'd been thinking about him in recent days -- wondering how his restaurant had ended up doing , and whether he is as upbeat as he had seemed three years ago . I wanted to talk with him not because he is an expert in the intricacies of global finance , but precisely because he is not . He and small businesspeople like him are on the receiving end of the Wall Street decisions and convulsions that can lead to times as brutal as the ones the country has been dealing with . I just wanted to find out what was going on at his place on the Chambersburg town square . "  I never thought the bad economy would be lasting this long , " he said . The restaurant he opened is called Cafe D'Italia . It 's not a big establishment : 36 seats , 11 tables , open for lunch and dinner . "  I had thought it would take us two years to become solid and feel that we 'd made it , " he said . "  Now I 'm thinking it will take four years or more . People are n't eating out at restaurants as much as they would be in good times , because it 's a way they can cut back on their expenses . " He said he does n't have to follow the stock market on a minute-to-minute basis to know how money worries and layoffs are affecting his customers . "  The first thing you notice is that people will come in less frequently -- they 'll still be loyal and come , but not as often as they might . This is a small town , and I know my customers . I know when I do n't see them . "  Going out to a restaurant is a luxury that can be scratched off . I 'll see it in the individual dinner orders . A couple who would usually order two main dishes might order one and ask to split it . They 'll skip the salad . Maybe they 'll skip the dessert . I do n't blame them -- it 's a way to save a little more money . " He finds himself in the same position as his guests : "  People are pinching pennies out of necessity , and I am , too . I have 13 people working for me -- cooks , servers , hostesses , utility people . Ideally , I should have 17 . But to warrant new hiring , I 've got to have the right amount of business coming in , and I do n't . "  I just spent $ 18,000 to put in a walk-in refrigerator/freezer . That 's a huge chunk of change for a small operation like mine . I waited 2 1/2 years to take that plunge . "  Would I love to have another chef on staff ? Absolutely . But my sales figures do n't justify it . I ca n't afford it . I do the cooking myself two or three nights a week . " Orsa is 56 and has been in the restaurant business for 30 years , he says , "  and I 'd be the first to know if I thought my quality was down , or the service was not what it should be . That 's not it . Even in good times , if you have a good product , a good location , good service , making a business a success requires good luck , too . No one guarantees that you 're going to make it . "  But in this economy , with this kind of joblessness , making a go of a small business becomes even more of a challenge . " He feels a little cynical about the too-big-to-fail mantra that bailed out the major banks . "  There 's no ` too small to fail ' for businesses like ours . No one 's going to save us if we ca n't make it . " He said that since opening he has always met his payroll and always paid his vendors , but that with revenues about 20 to 25 percent less than what he would like them to be , "  there have been more than a few weeks when I have n't been able to pay the last person who gets paid : me . " When things are tough , he does n't have to ask his customers to explain , because "  I can see it . You know how people look when it 's been raining for two straight weeks -- tense , a little down ? That 's the look , even when the sun is out . " Yet the high hopes he had for his business when he and I met three years ago are still there , and so is the pride in what he -- like so many small business people across the country in this economy -- is trying to do : "  Just being proud of what you 've built . Being a part of the life of the town . I like it that I have afforded 13 people a living for almost three years now . Winter 's coming , and sales tend to go down in the winter , at the same time the energy costs for heating this place go up . But that 's all right . We 've got a business right here in the center of town , and it was n't here before we built it , and we 're going to make it . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says he met Bob Orsa in 2008 in Chambersburg , Pennsylvania He says Orsa was opening a restaurant just as the economy was tanking ; he 's still hopeful He says customers feel pinch ; it affects business , but unlike banks no one bails him out Greene : Orsa has hung on , employing 13 people , determined to succeed in his community
CNN  -- Two decades after pummeling Nintendo Entertainment System owners into submission with classic boxing title "  Mike Tyson 's Punch-Out ! , " former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson is returning to the video game ring . A new Tyson boxing game for the iPhone is coming to Apple 's App Store next month from Rock Software , and veteran players will note it bears more than a passing resemblance to the helium-voiced bruiser 's original interactive debut . The new arcade sports simulation stars a fictional scrapper named "  Little Sammy , " who must battle his way past 10 fighters to earn a shot at socking it to Tyson himself . Rock Software CEO John Shahidi recently told Mashable.com that he used his own high school buddies as inspiration for these fighters . "  Tyler is a friend who was a bully , " he said . "  Luke is another friend who was the first of my friends to have kids ; Franco -LSB- Italian boxer -RSB- is my best friend and lawyer . " Additional sports celebrities you can box with will also be available for purchase from Rock Software , which creates custom apps for such personalities as NBA star Carmelo Anthony , Bengals wide receiver Chad Ochocinco and his new teammate Terrell Owens . Some may find the as-yet-untitled game , which will cost 99 cents , a welcome waltz down memory lane . Others might simply view it as a clever novelty . We ca n't help but wonder whether it underscores the app store 's brilliance or a fundamental tragic flaw . Fans of the 1987 original may appreciate the ability to quickly recreate similar thrills anytime , anywhere on a portable device . Some might even view the inclusion of Shahidi 's friends as one man 's realization of a childhood dream . But game developers are n't as likely to be pleased by the principle it illustrates . Today anyone can quickly and cheaply clone popular game titles on mobile handsets . These digital diversions can also be made much more convenient to access and less expensive to buy than official updates and remakes -- for example the recent "  Punch-Out !! " for Wii . The knock-offs are n't always as polished or enjoyable as proper updates . These quickie games also help drive prices down in a field where margins are already razor-thin , making it harder for actual license-holders to compete and invest in higher-quality game experiences . Worse , such "  homages " only add to the confusing glut of titles already available on the iPhone and iPad , which are currently home to over 40,000 game titles . No matter how good or innovative an original game may be , it 's difficult for fans to discover it amid suffocating competition . This offers less incentive for game creators to raise the bar . Rock Software 's game will naturally benefit from Tyson 's celebrity in addition to its bargain-bin price and nostalgic boxing action . But will the game really add to the boxer 's legacy ? Or is it simply a novelty act designed to cash in on Tyson 's recent resurgence in fame ? Only time will tell . In fairness , we admit to being intrigued at the prospect of lacing up the old virtual gloves again and delivering flying uppercuts to the face of a certain ear-biting pugilist .	Mike Tyson boxing iPhone game will be availabe next month for 99 cents from Rock Software Game 's creator says he used his own high school buddies as inspiration for these fighters iPhone and iPad are home to over 40,000 titles
CNN  -- FBI agents on Friday morning arrested a 62-year-old man who , they say , tried to extort Paula Deen by threatening to divulge "  true and damning " information about the embattled celebrity chef -- unless he was paid to keep quiet . Thomas George Paculis was taken into custody without incident in Ithaca , New York , by FBI agents and deputies from the Tompkins County Sheriff 's Office , the FBI said in a press release . There was no answer later Friday to a phone number linked to him in the FBI 's criminal complaint , nor was there an immediate response from an e-mail address in that same document . The former Augusta and Savannah , Georgia , resident appeared before a federal judge Friday in New York before being released on bond at about noon , said Stephen Emmett with the FBI 's Atlanta office . He is scheduled to appear the morning of July 16 at a federal court in Savannah , where the criminal complaint was filed . That coastal Georgia city is also where Deen built her business and brand into what many consider the folksy face of Southern cooking . But she 's been on her heels in recent weeks after admitting , in a deposition related to a lawsuit brought by a former employee , that she 's used the "  N word " in the past . Chat : Comfort food , uncomfortable topics Lisa Jackson alleged Deen and her brother Bubba Hier committed numerous acts of violence , discrimination and racism that resulted in the end of her five-year employment at The Lady and Sons and Uncle Bubba 's Oyster House , two Savannah restaurants run by Deen and her family . In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost at least nine lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . So how does Paculis fit in ? According to a criminal complaint , he interjected himself on June 24 , five days after details of Deen 's deposition became public . On that day , he sent an e-mail to Deen 's lawyer vowing that he was "  about to go public " with information about the chef 's use of the "  N word " at Lady and Sons , according to a copy of the e-mail cited in the criminal complaint . Deen 's accuser : ` This has never been about the N-word ' "  The statements are true and damning enough that the case for Jackson will be won on it 's merit alone , " Paculis wrote , according to the FBI . "  As always ... there is a price for such confirmation . "  You can contact me here if you feel it is necessary , " he said , referring to his e-mail address , the criminal complaint states . "  Or I can go public and we will see what happens then . " Greg Hodges , Deen 's lawyer , exchanged e-mails with Paculis and the two talked over the phone two days later , according to the FBI . It was then that Paculis allegedly asked for $ 250,000 "  net " -- or total , with taxes having already been paid -- in exchange for not talking , the criminal complaint states . The two conversed a second time by phone June 27 when , "  at the direction of the FBI , " Hodges negotiated the hush money payment down to $ 200,000 . The next day , Deen told FBI agents that she did n't recognize Paculis 's name or face , based on photographs . Hodges declined comment on the alleged extortion arrest . Nancy Aldridge , who was married to Paculis for four months around 1986 , told CNN on Friday that he once had his own restaurant in Savannah though she has n't had much direct contact with him in recent years . Meanwhile , according to the FBI 's criminal complaint , Paculis had also reached out to Jackson 's lawyer . In fact , the agency alleges that the 62-year-old first reached out to Matt Billips by e-mail and phone on the same day -- June 24 -- that he contacted Deen 's lawyer . Billips said his staff conducted its own investigation of Paculis . Paculis asked Jackson 's lawyer how much he 'd pay for derogatory information about Deen , the complaint claims . "  I have pushed the opposing firm to  give  me an amount of money , in cash to never been heard of again and to never utter Paula Deen 's name in public or private ever again , " Paculis allegedly wrote , according to an e-mail to Billips excerpted in the FBI complaint . "  Now the burning question is , " he purportedly added , "  do you want in . " Deen invokes same-sex marriage ruling in lawsuit defense CNN 's Chris Welch and Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	NEW : An ex-wife of Paculis says he once had a restaurant in Savannah Thomas George Paculis , 62 , is arrested for allegedly trying to extort Paula Deen Paculis allegedly asked Deen 's lawyer $ 250,000 not to go public with information Deen has been scrambling after testifying she had used "  N word "
CNN  -- When I was a little girl , I watched a lot of TV . I loved sitcoms and had a special love for talk and variety shows . I loved it whenTotie Fields , Moms Mabley and Phyllis Diller came on , but there was no one who affected me like Joan Rivers . Like every other misfit Jewish girl growing up in the suburbs of New Jersey , I may have adored Barbra , but I could relate to Joan . She was a perfect stand-up comic . Self-deprecating without being self-deprecating . Her jokes were flawless . And she was always the smartest person in the room . Every time she came on TV , my mother would say , "  You know she graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Barnard ... Ivy League . "  My mother was obsessed with Jewish celebrities , and Ivy League graduates  . But the best part of Joan was how she made me laugh . And I mean belly laugh . And if you know a comic , you know that we do n't laugh easily . Joan Rivers was a role model to comics everywhere , but especially to women . She got the first laugh and the last laugh . I learned from this . When the kids in school taunted me because of the way I looked  6-foot-2 at 13  , my mother advised me to act like I could n't hear them . I would come up with insults and retorts and play them out in my head , but those insults never came out of my mouth . I censored myself , something Joan had the courage to never do . Humor is the best way to get your point across and nobody got their point across better than Joan . This tiny little loud-mouthed Jewish woman was my hero . When Joan Rivers walked through the curtain on "  The Tonight Show , " nobody in my house was allowed to utter a sound . Her gait was full of pep and purpose and her voice unmatched . Her first appearance was in 1965 , when I was 3 . Johnny Carson called her over to the couch and whispered , "  You 're going to be a star . " She looked behind her to see if he was talking to someone else . She never stopped . She kept working in clubs , opening for other celebrities , writing jokes and books , recording albums , and being a mother -- and eventually a single mother . She never revealed her pain and struggles , she just kept on working -- making other people laugh . We all know showbiz is n't easy , but being a comic -- especially being a female comic -- can be quite punishing . Whenever it got rough enough for me to wonder , "  Is this really worth it ? " I immediately thought about Joan . It was she who made me never , ever give up . She was sometimes vilified for saying exactly what she thought  something no one in our business had ever done before or has done since  . Everything and everyone was fair game . She found humor in the most tragic , forlorn and traumatic circumstances . Yes , she offended lots of people , but she laughed at herself first . She knew what you were thinking and trumped you with a joke every time . It 's one thing to be able to say the thing everyone else wishes they could think of saying , but it 's another thing to say it with aplomb , even as you know you 're opening yourself up to recrimination . Whether it was her plastic surgery , her age or her weight , she beat you to it . When I first met Joan , on this silly shopping show she was doing , I was so nervous . But she put me right at ease with her warmth and humility . Whenever I saw her after that , she would bestow loving , motherly , sage advice upon me . After my first son was born , I told her I was worried that I was screwing up his sleep because he would always wake up in the middle of the night when I got home from a gig and we would end up hanging out until he fell back asleep . Said Joan : "  Who cares ! The most important thing is not what time it is when you spend time with your child - It 's that you SPEND time with your child . " I told her once : "  I hope you know all you have done for female comics . We would n't be here without you . " "  Oh baloney !! I did nothing , " she replied . "  You are funny . That 's all that matters -- and that you do n't let anyone take your hard-earned money !! Do everything yourself ! " She would never listen to how great she was , but she would always make you feel like a million bucks . Joan Rivers broke down barriers , advocated for free speech , and never apologized for who she was . Everyone knew how much she loved her daughter and her grandson . She loved the people she worked with . She loved her fans . She loved her friends . But just like every other Jewish mother , she was uncomfortable hearing about how much she was loved . A few weeks ago , I emailed her and asked if her ears were burning because fellow stand-up Lynne Koplitz and I were up at the Montreal Comedy Festival talking with some other comics about how much we loved her and how good she was to us . She emailed back , "  Adore you both . XXX " She was so much more than a simple girl with a dream . She gave so many funny little misfit girls permission to dream . Thank you does n't seem nearly enough . This is a really hard one .	As a budding comic growing up in New Jersey , Judy Gold related to , adored Joan Rivers She says Rivers a role model to female comics , worked very hard , was fearless She says Rivers was a nurturing colleague , gave her advice on mothering , work Gold : Rivers not comfortable being told how beloved she was . But she was
CNN  -- The United Kingdom has royal baby watch . Zoo Atlanta had panda baby watch . Now Washington has stinky flower watch . The enormous plant known as the corpse flower is expected to bloom and stink up the grounds at the United States Botanic Garden Conservatory sometime this week . It will be the first flowering of this titan arum  Amorphophallus titanum  , also known as the stinky plant , which has lived at the garden since 2007 . The plant does n't have an annual blooming cycle ; it can wait years or even decades between cycles . It 's expected to heat up , start smelling like dead animals and bloom overnight or in the early morning hours -- though exactly which night it will happen is not known . The heat and smell is to attract pollinator insects such as dung beetles in its natural habitat , said Ari Novy , the garden 's public programs manager . The garden does n't have any such beetles but resident flies could come calling , he said . Impala escapes cheetahs by leaping into tourists ' SUV Once the garden confirmed on Monday , July 8 , that the plant was going to bloom , staffers moved quickly to display it publicly on July 11 . A native of Sumatra , Indonesia , this particular plant is part of the garden 's collection of 14 corpse flowers . They are rarely put on display because they require a lot of heat and humidity , which is why they are grown at the garden 's production greenhouses in Southeast Washington -- rarely open to the public . Now the star of the garden , the plant is growing quickly . It was 52 inches tall when it was put on display on July 11 . By Saturday morning , it measured 62 inches high and 69 inches by Sunday night . Tuesday morning , it was 79 inches tall . Once completely open , it can stay in bloom for 24 to 48 hours , and then it will collapse quickly . The U.S. Botanic Garden last displayed a blooming titan arum in 2007 . At least seven U.S. institutions have at least one titan arum in each of its collections . The garden will have extended hours from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday . If you ca n't make it to the nation 's capital watch it open up online on the garden 's live flower cam . The National Botanic Garden of Belgium saw its oldest corpse flower bloom last week , attracting about 4,000 visitors over three days , said garden spokesman Franck Hidvegi . It previously bloomed in 2008 and 2011 . The garden has another four plants in its greenhouses , but Hidvegi said they are still too young to bloom .	A corpse flower at the U.S. Botanic Garden will bloom for the first time ever Native to the rainforests of Sumatra , Indonesia , they take years to bloom When they start blooming , they get very hot and stinky
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani forces in the last month foiled a planned attack on the parliament building , the intelligence agency and other federal institutions , the country 's interior minister told CNN Sunday . Pakistan 's parliament building was one target of a planned attack , an official says . In the last four weeks , authorities arrested three men with suicide vests who were plotting to carry out the attacks , said Interior Minister Rehman Malik . Malik would not say exactly when the men were caught . Pakistan is in the midst of an intense military offensive against Taliban militants . The militants are suspected of launching attacks inside Pakistan and in neighboring Afghanistan from their haven in the mountainous tribal region along the northwestern border . On Sunday , a suicide bomber in volatile northwestern Pakistan killed at three people and wounded 15 others , police said . The bombing rocked the Pakistani city of Peshawar , capital of North West Frontier Province . The incident took place when police approached a man acting suspiciously . The man ran away , police chased him and a gunfight ensued . The man ran out of bullets and blew himself up . Two women and seven children were among the injured . Remains of the alleged attacker were found , police said . Five houses were destroyed . The incident follows a car bombing on Saturday in Peshawar that killed two people , including the spokesman for an extremist group called Ansar ul Islam . Two suspects are in custody . Malik said Sunday the government 's anti-Taliban operations will continue during Ramadan , the Muslim holy month considered to be a time of peace . Militants in North Waziristan , part of the tribal region , have said they will observe a unilateral ceasefire throughout the month . "  There will not be a ceasefire during Ramadan . We are not interested in a ceasefire , " Malik said . "  They have n't kept their commitment in the past . We will continue targeted actions against the Taliban . " Malik also said the Taliban killed the father-in-law of its leader Baitullah Mehsud and several other relatives , accusing them of leaking information about his whereabouts . Pakistan and U.S. officials contend Mehsud was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan at his father-in-law 's house . The Taliban claims Mehsud is alive but ill .	NEW : Suicide bomber in northwestern Pakistan kills at least three , authorities say NEW : Suspect blew himself up after running out of bullets in gunfight , police say Pakistani authorities say they stopped plot on government buildings Three men plotted to carry out attacks , says Interior Minister Rehman Malik
CNN  -- A federal jury in Pennsylvania on Wednesday ordered Marvell Technology Group , Ltd. , to pay $ 1.17 billion in damages after finding it infringed on two patents held by Carnegie Mellon University . A lawsuit filed in 2009 by the Pittsburgh university claimed that Marvell infringed on its patented technology fundamental for "  increasing the accuracy with which hard disk drive circuits read data from high-speed magnetic disks , " according to a press release from K&L Gates , the law firm representing Carnegie Mellon . The damages could be increased by as much as three times by U.S. District Court judge Nora Barry Fischer since the jury found chipmaker Marvell 's infringements were willful , according to K&L Gates . The jury also found Marvell sold billions of chips incorporating the university 's technology without a license to do so , according to K&L Gates . Marvell has denied the claim . It did not immediately reply to messages left Wednesday by CNN . In a statement , Carnegie Mellon said , "  We felt the evidence we submitted was compelling , and the jury agreed . Protection of the discoveries of our faculty and students is very important to us . "	Jury finds chipmaker infringed on university 's patents Carnegie Mellon hails verdict Company denied claim
Washington  CNN  -- CNN 's John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday on "  Inside Politics " to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . Some late chess moves in House races , a rush to lawyer up , and some early vote tallies that suggest Democratic struggles -- those were part of our trip around the "  Inside Politics " table to close our Sunday conversation . 1 . The candidates give way to the voters -- and then the lawyers Eight or nine Senate races are dead heats entering the final week , so can you predict with any certainty who will win ? Yes : the lawyers will . Politico 's Manu Raju shared reporting that both parties , even as they make late spending and schedule decisions in the big races , are also looking past Election Day to the likelihood that so many close races will mean recounts and runoffs -- and therefore a need for legal teams . "  Here in Washington , both the party committees are already talking to lawyers on the ground . They are already planning to send people into those close states -- like potentially Alaska or Colorado or Iowa -- if they go down to the wire , to have people ready to fight , because this is an Election Day that could last for potentially months . " 2 . Early voting is Democrats ' ace in the hole -- until it is n't Election Day is n't what it used to be . With more and more states adopting more liberal early and absentee voting rules , some of the closest races this year will actually be settled before poll closings a week from Tuesday . And throughout Campaign 2014 , Democrats have told us that it is their not-so-secret weapon . As they see it , they won that battle in 2008 and 2012 and have the nuts-and-bolts infrastructure in place in the states where it could make a big difference in 2014 . Colorado and Iowa , for example . Maybe New Hampshire and North Carolina , too . But The Atlantic 's Molly Ball says the numbers , so far anyway , do n't appear to be adding up the way the Democrats had hoped . "  This past week , for the first time in history , Republicans returned more early votes than Democrats in Iowa , " said Ball . "  This is a big danger sign . Now Democrats are saying : ` Oh , those are just those people who would have voted on Election Day anyway . ' " But she notes that in the past two elections , the GOP has won Election Day voting in Iowa by more than 9 percentage points , so for Republicans to also be leading in the early vote should be a warning to Democrats about what might happen on November 4 . 3 . The 2014 race with the most personal 2016 implications Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a conservative favorite and could be a formidable GOP presidential contender . Former Gov. Scott Walker -- well , not so much . So winning his tough 2014 re-election campaign is priority No. 1 for Walker , and Robert Costa of The Washington Post took a few moments to share his reporting about what could be the cycle 's marquee gubernatorial race . "  This week you 're going to see President Obama go to Milwaukee , " said Costa . "  Democrats really think they have an opportunity there , if they can get the turnout in the state 's biggest city , to put a Democrat , Mary Burke , over the top and take out one of the top candidates for the GOP in the next cycle . " 4 . The war for women : Democrats looking to widen the gender gap Democrats readily concede a giant gender gap is imperative if they are to win the big Senate races this year . Just look at Hillary Clinton 's weekend appeal for Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan in North Carolina . So NPR 's Juana Summers says gender politics -- and the war for women 's votes -- are her big focus in the final full week of the midterm campaign . "  I saw this interesting poll last month that shows most women prefer a Republican-controlled House to a Democratic-controlled House , " said Summers . "  I 'll watch that trend in close states like in Colorado , where certainly reproductive choice issues and women have been a battleground , and in Iowa of course , while also looking to see whether or not Republicans are able to close the diversity gap in the House . And I think that will be a very important story as we are moving ahead to look forward to in 2016 as well . " 5 . The margin matters : plenty of late House chess Even most Democrats concede Republicans are likely to add to their House majority this year , but there 's a big debate about how many seats are in play , and some fascinating final week chess being played . Democrats are mostly playing defense -- feeling better , for example , about two Democratic seats in New Hampshire that remain competitive to the end . On the flip side , any seats Democrats can take away from Republicans would offset losses elsewhere ; it 's considered a bit of a long shot , but some Democrats believe they have a shot at one in the Denver suburbs , if Democrats can meet their early voting targets . Republicans currently control 233 seats . Democrats want to keep them below 240 ; GOP hopes are to get to 245 or more . Two Democratic-held seats where pro-GOP forces are making a late spending push : the 6th Congressional District in Massachusetts and the 26th in Florida .	Lawyering up for potential runoff contests in Louisiana and Georgia November 4 tea leaves -- GOP ahead in the Iowa early vote tally Obama goes to Wisconsin to help Dems try to unseat Walker
If it were up to Surey Miranda , she would have never left her family in Puerto Rico . Miranda , a college graduate , says she had little choice . "  It was a challenge to find a job in Puerto Rico , " said Miranda , 24 , who graduated from the University of Puerto Rico with a political science degree in 2012 . "  Unfortunately , finding work in government can be challenging , especially since it 's the island 's main source of employment . " Miranda did everything she was supposed to do : She got her degree , worked as an intern in various places and even landed a part-time position with the Puerto Rico House of Representatives . Now , Miranda is one of thousands of Puerto Ricans who have left the U.S. territory in recent years in search of a better life in the U.S. mainland . Opinion : Citizenship is a birthright in U.S. territories In 2011 and 2012 , about 55,000 residents migrated from the island to the mainland each year , according to the Census Bureau 's Community Survey . The Puerto Rico Institute of Statistics is still collecting data for those who left in 2013 , but it estimates the numbers are about the same . While Puerto Ricans have migrated to the United States for several generations , the number of departures from 2000-2010 marks the largest migration wave , at 300,000 , since the 1950s , when close to a half-million migrated to the mainland during the entire decade . So many residents have left the island over the years that there are a million more Puerto Ricans living in the mainland United States  4.9 million as of 2011  than in Puerto Rico  3.7 million  . Why such a massive population shift in recent years ? Mario Marazzi , executive director of the Puerto Rican Institute of Statistics , says it 's mainly because of the 2006 recession that is still punishing the island 's economy . Puerto Rico 's unemployment rate is above 15 % , more than double the 7.3 % in the mainland , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Last month , Standard & Poor 's announced it had cut Puerto Rico 's credit rating to junk status as the U.S. commonwealth faces $ 70 billion in debt , including the debt from its utility companies . Last week , in an attempt to avoid financial ruin , Puerto Rico Gov. Alejandro García Padilla signed a bill authorizing the sale of $ 3.5 million in tax-free general obligation bonds . Even if the auction is successful , the bonds are considered pretty risky . In other words , if you thought Detroit was in trouble , Puerto Rico is much worse mainly for this reason : Unlike Detroit , the island can not file for bankruptcy court protection . That option is only for municipalities and Puerto Rico is an unincorporated territory . In 2012 , a majority rejected the current status and favored statehood as an alternative , hoping that might help alleviate the territory 's economic woes . But the vote was nonbinding and never went anywhere in Washington . Puerto Ricans favor statehood for first time For Miranda , getting a job was n't the only factor in her decision to leave Puerto Rico . The rising cost of utilities , rent , gas and tolls were also something she needed to consider . "  Back home , I was sharing an apartment with six other students and still my expenses were taking up 70 % of my salary . It was simply impossible , " Miranda said . While the cost of living in New York City is more than double the national average , the cost of living in Puerto Rico is not the best-case scenario for a recent college graduate . For example , basic monthly utilities including electricity , heating and water cost about $ 246 in Puerto Rico as opposed to New York 's $ 161 . "  The cost of living all depends on where you live in Puerto Rico , because while a middle class does exist , very few fall into that category , " said Marazzi , "  The middle class has to spend a lot more money for quality of life . " For example , two years ago many Puerto Ricans had to invest in water tanks after serious droughts sapped the water supply . The cost of purchasing and maintaining a water tank is n't something people in the United States have to worry about , Marazzi added . Also , the electric supply is n't as reliable in Puerto Rico as it is in the United States , so Puerto Ricans have to pay more to protect their televisions and computers . "  The power goes off for a microsecond every day in Puerto Rico and electronic items do n't take well to that . So , anyone with an electronic item worth having has to invest in a universal power supply , which costs about $ 100 here , " Marazzi said . Puerto Ricans are n't just moving to New York , where many have typically migrated in the past . They are also moving to Florida , Texas , North Carolina , Virginia -- wherever there are jobs . "  Since the early 20th century , Puerto Ricans have been contributing to create what some scholars are calling ` El Nuevo South , ' " said Edwin Melendez , director of Center for Puerto Rican Studies at Hunter College in New York . "  With an influx of Hispanics , the south is becoming more diverse . " The latest influx of Puerto Ricans includes people primarily between ages 20 and 40 , he said . "  Families and young children are migrating as well -- basically entire households are moving , " Melendez said . While many Puerto Ricans migrating to the United States are young , educated professionals like Miranda , they also include people from across the socioeconomic spectrum , according to the Center for Puerto Rican Studies , which examines the migration phenomenon . Opinion : Treat U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico fairly "  In Puerto Rico , there 's a generalized perspective that there 's a ` brain drain ' because so many young professionals have left , " said Melendez , "  but they are n't the only ones leaving . "  It 's also labor workers and families . We did n't find any over-representation of a certain kind of people . " Puerto Rico 's education system spends close to $ 8,000 annually per student , according to the Department of Education . And while that 's not as high as the United States , which spends an average of $ 10,000 per student , it 's still a significant loss for Puerto Rico , particularly as it faces a major economic crisis . Each college-educated Puerto Rican who establishes a career elsewhere is a big loss for the commonwealth , explained Puerto Rican political analyst Jay Fonseca in an interview with CNN en Español . "  Why invest so much time and money for a student in Puerto Rico only to have them leave to the U.S. and contribute to society elsewhere ? " Fonseca said . There 's even an active recruiting process by U.S.-based organizations , like police departments , nurse associations and hospitals , who come to Puerto Rico to search for future employees , Marazzi said . "  They not only recruit the best bilingual candidates but they help diversify the workforce in the United States , of course to their benefit , " said Marazzi . It 's a seamless process considering all Puerto Ricans , whether born on the island territory or on the mainland , are American citizens . Marazzi added that it 's not just the money that 's attracting residents to leave the island . "  It 's also an opportunity to work in a world class field that cares about your profession . But it is unfortunate that Puerto Rico can not do much for the talent it produces , " he said . Miranda said her decision to leave the island was n't just to alleviate her current situation : She knew she would have more long-term career opportunities in New York than if she stayed in Puerto Rico . According to Melendez , the likelihood that Miranda will return to Puerto Rico is slim , because so many Puerto Ricans who migrate to the mainland settle down and stay . Yet Miranda said she has n't given up on her goal to improve things back home . "  Seeing the way New York City operates makes you notice what Puerto Rico lacks and makes me want to go back and do things a different way , " Miranda said . "  But it does not depend on us , it depends whether Puerto Rico 's government will allow us to contribute in the reconstruction of our country . "	Puerto Rican college graduate shares her story on why she left the island S&P cut Puerto Rico 's credit rating to junk status last month in face of $ 70 billion debt "  I was sharing an apartment with 6 others and my expenses were still 70 % of my salary " Graduate says she has n't given up on her goal to improve things in Puerto Rico
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish warplanes and long-range missiles attacked Kurdish rebel positions in the mountains of northern Iraq near the Turkish border early Sunday , according to Turkish military officials . A Turkish commando on patrol near the Turkey-Iraq border . The air attack , which began around 1 a.m. and last for more than three hours , targeted Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  outposts in the Qandil mountain , the statement said . Turkish ground troops launched long-range missiles at the PKK positions after the air attack , the statement said . All warplanes returned safely to their bases in Turkey , the military said . Jamal Abdullah , a spokesman for Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish Regional Government said the targets of the attack appear to be PKK fighters in the border area , but there are reports of civilian casualties in nearby villages . He had no details on the casualty figures . Tensions have been high along the Iraqi-Turkish border , with Turkey threatening to launch a full-scale cross-border offensive against separatist guerrillas from the PKK . Those militants have launched actions against Turkish troops from northern Iraq and have been fighting the Turkish government forces in southeastern Turkey , where the violence has been steady . The Turkish military government received approval from the parliament in October to take military action "  at any time . " There are tens of thousands of Turkish troops near the border area . The United States , the Iraqi government and the Kurdish Regional Government had pursued diplomatic efforts over the past two months to keep Turkey from launching an offensive against the PKK . E-mail to a friend	The air attack targeted PKK outposts in the Qandil mountain Turkish troops launched long-range missiles at PKK positions after air attack Military : All warplanes returned safely to their bases in Turkey
CNN  -- A controversial law requiring adults applying for welfare assistance to undergo drug screening has gone into effect in Florida . Saying it is "  unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction , " Gov. Rick Scott signed the legislation in June . "  It 's the right thing for taxpayers , " Scott said after signing the measure . "  It 's the right thing for citizens of this state that need public assistance . We do n't want to waste tax dollars . And also , we want to give people an incentive to not use drugs . " Under the law , which went into effect on Friday , the Florida Department of Children and Family Services will be required to conduct the drug tests on adults applying to the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program . The aid recipients would be responsible for the cost of the screening , which they would recoup in their assistance if they qualify . Those who fail the required drug testing may designate another individual to receive the benefits on behalf of their children . Shortly after the bill was signed , five Democrats from the state 's congressional delegation issued a joint statement attacking the legislation , one calling it "  downright unconstitutional . " And the ACLU has filed suit against the state for requiring all state workers to take a drug test and is considering suing the state for drug-testing welfare applicants . Controversy over the measure was heightened by Scott 's past association with a company he co-founded that operates walk-in urgent care clinics in Florida and counts drug screening among the services it provides . In April , Scott , who had transferred his ownership interest in Solantic Corp. to a trust in his wife 's name , said the company would not contract for state business , according to local media reports . He subsequently sold his majority stake in the company , local media reported . On May 18 , the Florida Ethics Commission ruled that two conflict-of-interest complaints against Scott were legally insufficient to warrant investigation , and adopted an opinion that no "  prohibited conflict of interest " existed . Florida is not the first state to pass such legislation . Michigan passed a similar law that the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals found unconstitutional in 2003 since it violated the U.S. Fourth Amendment , which protects citizens against unreasonable search . The court said the law would set a dangerous precedent by allowing the government to conduct drug searches for the safety of the public without prior suspicion . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Gov. Rick Scott says the measure saves tax dollars and provides "  incentive to not use drugs " Democrats slammed the law , saying the tests "  represent an ... illegal invasion of personal privacy " Controversy arose over Scott 's past association with a company that did drug testing
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Suspected Taliban militants blew up a government-run school Monday in Pakistan 's violence-plagued Swat Valley , bringing to 183 the number of schools destroyed since fighting began in the area six months ago , officials said . Students gather outside a destroyed school on January 17 in Kundar in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . A day earlier , radical cleric Maulana Fazlullah threatened to kill more than four dozen government officials if they did not appear before him for opposing the Taliban . Local newspapers on Monday printed the list of 50 government officials and tribal elders whom Fazlullah has threatened with death . The boy 's high school that was destroyed was located in Mingora , the valley 's main city , said Sher Afzal Khan , an education officer for Swat . The attack occurred early Monday and no one was wounded . Swat Valley , located in North West Frontier Province , was once Pakistan 's biggest tourist destination . It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 km  from the capital city of Islamabad . The valley boasted the country 's only ski resort and was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts until it was overrun by militants , led by Fazlullah . He has launched a violent and deadly campaign to enforce Taliban-style fundamentalist Islamic laws throughout the province . The militants want to require veils for women and beards for men , and to ban music and television . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban has carried out a series of deadly bombings , and has said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out . Elsewhere in the North West Frontier Province , a blast killed five people and wounded 15 others Monday morning , officials said . The bomb , planted on a bicycle , went off in the town of Dera Ismail Khan , said Mohammad Riaz of the province 's police force . It killed shopkeepers and pedestrians , added the town 's police chief , Abdul Rashid . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Blast targets boy 's high school in Mingora , Swat Valley Monday attack marks 183rd school destroyed in past six months of fighting Hundreds of people killed in wave of violence across North West Frontier Province
South Padre Island , Texas  CNN  -- Hurricane Alex made landfall along the northeastern coast of Mexico Wednesday night as a Category 2 storm with 105 mph winds , the National Hurricane Center reported . As the storm lashed a sparsely populated area about 110 miles south of the Texas border , Gulf Coast residents hunkered down in shelters . Maximum sustained winds were 100 mph as Alex moved to the west at 10 mph . At least 1,000 people in southern Texas were taking shelter in evacuation centers as Alex 's winds and heavy rain squalls bore down on the coastline , officials in Cameron and Hidalgo counties reported . Brownsville , Texas , appeared to be taking the brunt of Alex 's outer bands after as many as six tornadoes were reported in the area , officials said . Sgt. Jimmy Manrrique , spokesman for the Brownsville Police Department , said the city was receiving "  an intense amount of rain " and flood waters were reported to be as high as 2 feet in some areas . In Harlingen , just 30 miles north of Brownsville , wind gusts of up to 65 mph were reported hours before the storm 's expected landfall . No injuries were immediately reported from the twisters near Brownsville , but some damage was reported , including downed trees and power lines , weather and emergency management officials said . Carol Rumsey was riding the storm out in her Los Fresnos , Texas , home , not far from Brownsville and about a half hour from the coast . She told CNN Radio on Wednesday night that her house had an eerie feel as the storm approached . "  You board up your windows and it 's like living in a dungeon , " she said . "  You ca n't hear anything , you ca n't see anything . " She said she had considered evacuating as the region was being pummeled by heavy rain and occasional gusts of wind , but said "  this is the price you pay for living in paradise . " Meanwhile , authorities in South Padre Island closed the Queen Isabella Memorial Bridge -- which crosses to the popular vacation spot -- as a precaution ahead of the approaching Alex. At 10 p.m. CT  11 p.m. ET  , the storm 's maximum sustained winds were 100 mph as it headed west at 10 mph , the National Hurricane Center reported . Forecasters said the storm was expected to continue in that direction and move farther inland over northeastern Mexico Thursday . Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 205 miles from the center of the storm and hurricane force winds extend outward up to 35 miles , according to the hurricane center . Heavy rain and thunderstorms associated with the outer bands of Alex were affecting the entire Gulf Coast from Texas to Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle . Brownsville received more than 4 inches of rain by Wednesday afternoon , the weather service said . Harlingen Assistant Fire Chief Cirilo Rodriguez said his region was expecting 7-10 inches of rain . Coastal flood advisories have been issued for Louisiana and Mississippi . Minor coastal flooding is expected along the shore due to a prolonged strong southeasterly wind caused by the large counterclockwise circulation of the hurricane . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said Wednesday that the state is prepared for the storm . The State Operations Center is fully activated , he said , and Texas continues to work with federal and local authorities to track the hurricane and the BP Gulf oil disaster . "  As Hurricane Alex grows in strength and approaches landfall , Texas is ready to handle this storm and its impact , " Perry said in a written statement ahead of the storm . "  My message to South Texans is to finish your preparations , stay connected to credible information sources and heed the warnings of your local officials , who are closely integrated with the state 's emergency management effort that has been mobilized to prepare for Alex 's impact . " President Barack Obama issued a federal emergency declaration for Texas ahead of Alex 's expected arrival , the White House said Tuesday night . After the hurricane made landfall around 9 p.m. CT  10 p.m. ET  , forecasters from the National Hurricane Center changed the hurricane warning to a tropical storm warning for the coast of Texas south of Baffin Bay to the mouth of the Rio Grande . A tropical storm warning issued earlier remained in place along the Texas coast from Baffin Bay to Port O'Connor . A hurricane warning was in place for the coast of Mexico from the mouth of the Rio Grande to La Cruza , Mexico . The storm continued to move away from the massive BP oil catastrophe near the Louisiana coast in the northern Gulf of Mexico , but it already was complicating cleanup efforts . The storm created 12-foot waves Tuesday and oil-skimming ships were sent to shore from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle . The rough seas may force crews to replace and reorganize booms meant to deter the oil from reaching shore , reported CNN 's Ed Lavandera . Florida Gov. Charlie Crist said that even though Florida may dodge any problems with this storm , the Atlantic hurricane season is just beginning . "  In Florida , we 've had a lot of hurricanes a number of years ago , but we handled them very well , " he told CNN 's Campbell Brown . "  The difference and the distinction that we face now is that we have a Gulf of Mexico that 's full of oil . So our hope and our prayer is that we do n't have a mixture of hurricanes with oil that could potentially damage the beautiful beaches of Florida . But if we do , we 're prepared for it . " Pat Ahumada , the mayor of Brownsville , said the city was expecting to distribute 60,000 sandbags and provide shelter for roughly 2,000 families . Utility crews were on standby to handle outages . At the same time , the state government provided 90 buses in case an evacuation is needed . "  I expect about 10 percent of residents to evacuate voluntarily , which already started yesterday , " Ahumada said Tuesday . "  I see a steady flow of people going out , but no bottlenecks -- which is good . "  We 're not taking it lightly , " he said . "  We 're ready for a worst-case scenario . " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris and CNN 's Dave Alsup , Matt Cherry and Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : Hurricane makes landfall with 105 mph winds Tornadoes touch down in Texas Gulf coast residents already feeling the effect Storm continues to move away from oil spill but complicates cleanup efforts
CNN  -- Just along the river from London 's economic heart -- the City of London -- lies the O2 Arena , which over the last week has hosted a tennis tournament which has had record crowds as fans forget about the economic gloom that has gripped both Britain and Europe over the last few years . "  When people are not doing very well , they need something to entertain them and this is a great distraction , " said Dakin Sloss , a tennis fan from Silicon Valley in California , who attended the ATP World Tour finals . Place a five kilometer ring around the now iconic setting , which was specially constructed to herald the arrival of the 21st Century , and within it would fall inner London boroughs where unemployment is well into double digits , double that for the under 25s , and deprivation is very apparent . Britain officially crept out of its double dip recession last quarter , but like much of the Europe , is gripped by the consequences of sluggish growth and demand . Dire outlook But within the O2 Arena 's confines there is no sense of austerity . When the ATP World Tour Finals came to the British capital for the first time in 2009 , arguably the economic outlook was even more dire , but during its fourth staging this year the tournament celebrated its millionth paying customer and in many ways is a beacon for the heady success currently being enjoyed by tennis despite the global downturn . But it 's not just London , coming off unprecedented attendances at the 2012 Olympics , and with their own "  home town " global superstar in the form of Andy Murray , where tennis has pulled in the big revenues . "  The ATP and its 62 tournaments are now generating more than half a billion dollars annually , " Brad Drewett , the tour 's executive chairman and president , told CNN . "  We are in our strongest financial position ever and we have the biggest and best group of corporate partners ever involved in the game , " he added . Increased revenues According to the ATP , commercial revenues have increased 165 per cent since 2009 and during finals week , Ricoh extended its support while the big announcement saw title sponsor Barclays put its name to the tournament through 2015 with London confirmed as the venue in a two-year extension . Six-time grand slam champion Boris Becker believes that the global appeal of the sport has helped it ride the economic storm . "  You have great stars in a truly international sport , not based on one continent , and whether you are from Asia , Africa , the Americas or Europe , you have your favorites , " said Becker , who is working for Barclays on their Ball Kids initiative . "  Tennis has a long history , we have survived wars and many different kinds of problems and in difficult times we come through , "  Becker added . Attendances on the ATP have remained steady at 4.4 million each year since 2009 , excluding the four grand slams and Davis Cup matches , and television audiences have increased , with 800 million viewers plus four millions visitors to the official ATP Tour website each month . Neil Harman , tennis correspondent of The Times of London , believes the rivalry at the top of the men 's game , with Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal being joined by Murray to form an invincible "  Big Four " , is responsible for the sport 's resilience in the face of difficult times . Golden opportunity "  Tennis has this golden opportunity with the players you have got at the top of the game . We did n't have that five years ago , " the Times journalist told CNN . And it 's not just the men 's game that is on an upward trajectory . "  I have just come from Istanbul  venue for the season-ending WTA Championships  where the semifinal and final saw 16 and a half thousand people crammed inside the stadium . " "  The fact is that women 's tennis has two iconic figures at the top in Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova -- it 's a potent combination . " The success of the respective men 's and women 's tours is matched and in many ways surpassed by the four grand slams , with ambitious expansion plans in place for Roland Garros , home of the French Open , and Flushing Meadows , which stages the U.S. Open . Prize money increases The Australian Open , first on the calendar in January , recently announced record prize money of $ 30.68 million for 2013 , up by $ 4.13 m . The eight singles players and top eight doubles pairings in London will share out $ 5.5 million between them , rising to $ 6.5 million by 2014 , but the likes of Djokovic and Federer , who is president of the ATP Player Council , flexed their industrial muscle this year to demand a more equitable share out of the cash at the slams for lower ranked players . There was fleeting talk of a strike ahead of the Australian Open if demands were not met and the issue remains a cloud on the horizon on an otherwise sunny sky . "  The future is incredibly bright for men 's tennis , " foresees Drewett , a 54-year-old Australian , who was a former top 40 player himself . The ATP World Tour Finals is the icing on the cake at the end of a long season , with qualification in the singles and doubles the main goal for the game 's elite when they begin their 10-month season . Permanent home It 's essentially the fifth grand slam and both Becker and Harman believe it will benefit from finding a permanent home in London , extended past 2015 . "  It 's absolutely astonishing what has been achieved , what they have done with the stadium , the players all love it , " said Harman . Former grand slam finalist Greg Rusedski , working for British television at the event , agreed . "  I made two appearances in this tournament in Hanover in the 1990s but this has moved on to another level . " "  They have sought to find a proper home for this event , " said Harman . "  And there 's not been a proper home since Madison Square Garden in the 1980s . " Becker would like to see a permanent move : "  Tennis is a sport which needs consistency and the reason the grand slams are so successful is everyone knows that at a certain time of the year in a certain place the big stars will turn up , " he said . Rusedski can also see no reason to move while the Paris Masters occupies its present place in the calendar . "  Players will not want to travel to Rio de Janiero , which has been touted as venue , at the end of a long season , " he said . Special setting It 's a potent mix of setting and razzmatazz which defines the O2 experience for the crowd , with players emerging like gladiators to loud music and special effects . From Rihanna to Rafael Nadal : Tennis ' popstar makeover Once the action is underway the crowd is kept in darkness , similar to watching a football match under floodlights , but they are kept in touch with match statistics and disputed line call replays on a giant four-sided screen above the court . Aces , set and match points are signaled by a moving graphic display which circles the entire arena . "  I have been to the Masters Series events in the States and grand slams but for setting this beats them all , " said Sloss . "  It 's a fun arena to play in , " Murray told gathered reporters after news of the two-year extension emerged . "  I think it works very well just now . " His rivalry with Djokovic promises to light up arenas around the world over the next few years . "  Novak and Andy are two amazingly gifted athletes , and their talent and potential is limitless , " said Drewett . "  However , the game has never been more competitive and if you can get to the top , staying there is more difficult than ever . " . The chief of the men 's game will be hoping that Federer continues his late career heroics , beaten by Djokovic in a classic 2012 final , and that Nadal recovers from his injury problems for 2013 . It 's that ever shifting battle for supremacy , echoed in the women 's game , which appears to drive interest and keep tennis immune from the problems which have afflicted other sports in tough times .	ATP World Tour Finals has attracted capacity crowds in London London confirmed as venue for ATP showpiece through 2015 Tennis has ridden economic downturn with record prize money on offer International appeal of stars such as Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova cited
CNN  -- The Okavango Delta is one of earth 's remote places ; it is not easy to get to , and it is quite wild . Independent travel there is not for the inexperienced or the faint-hearted . There are few roads and those that exist are difficult to drive and navigate and subject to flooding and other hazards ; communications are spotty at best and locations are distantly apart . Winning and losing on Botswana 's Okavango Delta The vast majority of tourists fly into camps in the delta , many from the town of Maun , which is easily reached by scheduled airlines from Botswana 's capital , Gaborone  Air Botswana  , from Johannesburg , South Africa  South African Airways  , from Windhoek , Namibia  Air Namibia  , and from Victoria Falls , Zimbabwe . From Maun , a host of bush plane companies fly tourists to the camps and reserves , most of which , including Kwara , are privately owned and operated . Most tourists make their arrangements through organized tour companies , and there is no shortage of tour operators in southern Africa who can arrange an all-inclusive visit . More resourceful travelers can save money by making their own arrangements using the Internet to identify individual camps , and arranging transportation and accommodations directly through them . The camps vary from luxury suites to basic pup tents , and prices reflect the differences . Kwara Camp is mid - to upper range , offering heavy canvas tents on wood platforms with full beds and in-tent plumbed bathrooms , full board and a host of activities , including overland Jeep safaris , dugout canoe trips and motorboat journeys that are included in the basic price . Less expensive camps , such as Oddballs Camp , feature simple pup tents on platforms , but can be hundreds of dollars less expensive . Some camps are fenced to keep animals out at night , while others such as Kwara are not  if the sound of a two-ton elephant or hippopotamus tramping through the bushes right outside your window unnerves you , you might want to opt for a fenced camp  . Botswana is deliberately expensive , as the government wishes to limit the number of tourists who visit Okavango to lessen environmental impact . Rates during high season  July-October  can be twice as high as during low season  November-June  . Try going during low season , just before or after high season , to maximize wildlife viewing but minimize cost . For most upscale camps , plan on US $ 900 - $ 1,600 per person , per night in high season , and a low of about $ 700 in low season . For mid-range camps , plan on about $ 700 - $ 950 in high season , as low as $ 350 in low season . For basic camps , looks for rates as low as $ 340 per person , per night in high season and $ 240 in low season . Most rates are all-inclusive , including lodging , food and all safaris and other activities . Tourists on tighter budgets might want to consider camps in South Africa , although they tend to be less wild and more tourist-populated . Large animals including lion , zebra , hippopotamus , wildebeest , elephant and others are abundant in the Delta , and while it is thrilling to see them , tourists must always remember , this is not a zoo . The animals are wild . But as long as visitors follow a few simple rules , there is little danger .	The Okavango Delta is difficult to access ; most tourists arrive by bush plane Camp accommodations range from luxury suites to basic pup tents For mid-range camps , plan on about $ 700 - $ 950 per person , per night in high season
CNN  -- Google recently announced that it would start including individual users ' names and photos in some ads . This means that if you rate some product positively , your friends may see ads for that product with your name and photo attached -- without your knowledge or consent . Meanwhile , Facebook is eliminating a feature that allowed people to retain some portions of their anonymity on its website . These changes come on the heels of Google 's move to explore replacing tracking cookies with something that users have even less control over . Microsoft is doing something similar by developing its own tracking technology . More generally , lots of companies are evading the "  Do Not Track " rules , meant to give users a say in whether companies track them . Turns out the whole "  Do Not Track " legislation has been a sham . It should n't come as a surprise that big technology companies are tracking us on the Internet even more aggressively than before . If these features do n't sound particularly beneficial to you , it 's because you 're not the customer of any of these companies . You 're the product , and you 're being improved for their actual customers : their advertisers . This is nothing new . For years , these sites and others have systematically improved their "  product " by reducing user privacy . This excellent infographic , for example , illustrates how Facebook has done so over the years . The "  Do Not Track " law serves as a sterling example of how bad things are . When it was proposed , it was supposed to give users the right to demand that Internet companies not track them . Internet companies fought hard against the law , and when it was passed , they fought to ensure that it did n't have any benefit to users . Right now , complying is entirely voluntary , meaning that no Internet company has to follow the law . If a company does , because it wants the PR benefit of seeming to take user privacy seriously , it can still track its users . Really : if you tell a "  Do Not Track " - enabled company that you do n't want to be tracked , it will stop showing you personalized ads . But your activity will be tracked -- and your personal information collected , sold and used -- just like everyone else 's . It 's best to think of it as a "  track me in secret " law . Of course , people do n't think of it that way . Most people are n't fully aware of how much of their data is collected by these sites . And , as the "  Do Not Track " story illustrates , Internet companies are doing their best to keep it that way . The result is a world where our most intimate personal details are collected and stored . I used to say that Google has a more intimate picture of what I 'm thinking of than my wife does . But that 's not far enough : Google has a more intimate picture than I do . The company knows exactly what I am thinking about , how much I am thinking about it , and when I stop thinking about it : all from my Google searches . And it remembers all of that forever . As the Edward Snowden revelations continue to expose the full extent of the National Security Agency 's eavesdropping on the Internet , it has become increasingly obvious how much of that has been enabled by the corporate world 's existing eavesdropping on the Internet . The public/private surveillance partnership is fraying , but it 's largely alive and well . The NSA did n't build its eavesdropping system from scratch ; it got itself a copy of what the corporate world was already collecting . There are a lot of reasons why Internet surveillance is so prevalent and pervasive . One , users like free things , and do n't realize how much value they 're giving away to get it . We know that "  free " is a special price that confuses peoples ' thinking . Google 's 2013 third quarter revenue was nearly $ 15 billion with profit just under $ 3 billion . That profit is the difference between how much our privacy is worth and the cost of the services we receive in exchange for it . Two , Internet companies deliberately make privacy not salient . When you log onto Facebook , you do n't think about how much personal information you 're revealing to the company ; you 're chatting with your friends . When you wake up in the morning , you do n't think about how you 're going to allow a bunch of companies to track you throughout the day ; you just put your cell phone in your pocket . And three , the Internet 's winner-takes-all market means that privacy-preserving alternatives have trouble getting off the ground . How many of you know that there is a Google alternative called DuckDuckGo that does n't track you ? Or that you can use cut-out sites to anonymize your Google queries ? I have opted out of Facebook , and I know it affects my social life . There are two types of changes that need to happen in order to fix this . First , there 's the market change . We need to become actual customers of these sites so we can use purchasing power to force them to take our privacy seriously . But that 's not enough . Because of the market failures surrounding privacy , a second change is needed . We need government regulations that protect our privacy by limiting what these sites can do with our data . Surveillance is the business model of the Internet -- Al Gore recently called it a "  stalker economy . " All major websites run on advertising , and the more personal and targeted that advertising is , the more revenue the site gets for it . As long as we users remain the product , there is minimal incentive for these companies to provide any real privacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : It 's no surprise that companies are tracking us more aggressively Schneier : Keep in mind that you 're the product ; their real customers are the advertisers He says for example , the "  Do Not Track " law is essentially useless to protect consumers Schneier : Many sites run on advertising ; companies have little incentive to provide privacy
Washington  CNN  As Democrats close to Hillary Clinton recover from their New Year 's Eve celebrations and flip their calendar to 2015 , many will notice a seemingly unimportant date is fast approaching . For months , pro-Clinton Democrats have pointed to early January -- particularly Jan. 15 -- as a symbolic date for Clinton 's presidential aspirations . In conversations with one another and at strategy sessions about a possible 2016 run , former aides and confidants have quietly said that if Clinton does n't say "  no " to running by the start of 2015 , she is a go for 2016 . "  If she has n't said ` no ' by January , it will be a sign she is running , " said one longtime Clinton friend at last month 's Ready for Hillary strategy session in New York . The early January time frame is regularly used by Clinton supporters as a way to put off directly answering the will she/won ' t she questions posed by reporters . While the date itself is not totally significant , it has become a shorthand for early January . With that time frame now approaching , some in Clinton 's orbit are admitting that time is running out for Clinton to say "  no . " RELATED : The Clinton ` announcement ' you were n't waiting for "  If she is not going to do it , she ca n't let it drag on after January 15 , " said a Democratic strategist close to Clinton . "  If she has n't said something after that date , people should assume she is running . " The strategist , who said this was the general sense among people close to Clinton , added , "  She has two weeks to say she is n't running . " The reason is simple : Clinton has , so far , sucked up all the oxygen in the Democrats ' 2016 conversation . If she lets that continue well into 2015 and then decides to back out , she puts her party -- which already has a thin bench of second tier candidates -- in a tough position . While chatter about former Sen. Jim Webb , Sen. Elizabeth Warren and Vice President Joe Biden have bubbled up throughout late 2014 , neither have caught fire in the polls . The latest CNN/ORC poll finds Webb at a paltry 1 % , Warren in second place with 9 % support and Biden in third at 8 % . Hillary Clinton , by comparison , is at 66 % support . Because of the uncertainty around her announcement date , groups urging Clinton to run intend to continue their work well into 2015 . Ready for Hillary , the grassroots super PAC organizing on Clinton 's behalf , has events planned well into March but plans to close shop once Clinton announces . Groups like Correct the Record , a communications and research shop , and Priorities USA , a fundraising and ad buying outfit , have both pledged to ramp up in early 2015 . RELATED : Poll : Hillary Clinton most admired woman , Obama most admired man Although Clinton 's candidacy has long been a forgone conclusion to many of her close confidants , there are still some who hold out that she might decide not to run and has yet to make up her mind . Clinton has tried to play coy with her presidential ambitions , but began to more forcefully acknowledge her thoughts near the end of 2014 . She has met with potential campaign staffers , according to her spokesman , and people close to her have begun to carefully line up a potential political operation . Clinton herself even used January 1 , 2015 as a time frame for her decision . "  I am going to be making a decision around -- probably after -- the first of the year , " Clinton said during a September appearance in Mexico City .	Democrats have pointed to early January as a symbolic date for Clinton 's presidential aspirations If Clinton does n't say ` no ' by early January 2015 , people close to Clinton say , it will be a sign she is running Clinton said in September , that she will ` be making a decision around - probably after - the first of the year '
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Metallica 's Lars Ulrich loves Black Sabbath and Deep Purple -- and so does his 10-year-old son . Actor Rodger Corser plays "  Guitar Hero " at an April event in Australia . The game has revived interest in rock music . Ulrich may have played songs from those old rock bands around the house on his stereo , but he gives credit for his son 's excitement to another source : video games . Myles Ulrich is a fan of games such as "  Guitar Hero " and "  Rock Band , " which have spawned a comeback for rock music . "  It 's a cool generational thing to share that with your kids , " said Ulrich , the drummer for the multi-platinum quartet . "  My -LSB- son 's -RSB- favorite bands are ... the same bands that are my favorite bands -- the bands I grew up on . " A few years ago , rock music was struggling on the charts . With hip-hop and teen pop ruling , rock was finding it hard to break through with new music -- or sell more of the old . But "  Guitar Hero " and "  Rock Band " have prompted kids born in the '90s to discover artists from the '70s and '80s such as Aerosmith , Twisted Sister and Pat Benatar . The games ' amazing popularity -- last year , the two brought in more than $ 935 million in revenue , according to the NPD Group market research company -- has helped create success in other markets , according to observers . Watch Ulrich and others praise the games on "  American Morning " " Geoff Mayfield , senior analyst and director of charts for Billboard magazine , said he sees a direct cause-and-effect for some of the artists who have licensed their songs to "  Guitar Hero . " "  A few weeks ago , when the game featuring Aerosmith -LSB- ` Guitar Hero : Aerosmith ' -RSB- came out , there was more than a 40 percent increase in their catalog sales . I expect you 'll see that again when Metallica gets the same kind of treatment in a few weeks , " Mayfield said . iReport.com : Do you shred on "  Guitar Hero ? " Once wary of downloading , Metallica has changed its tune with its upcoming album . "  When ` Death Magnetic ' comes out in September , you can actually download the new album the same day it comes out , and play it on your ` Guitar Hero III , ' " Ulrich said -- fully aware of the irony , given his band 's past litigation with the Internet music file-sharing service Napster . Even in an uncertain economy , the video games also have increased interest in guitars , according to the nationwide Guitar Center chain . And bars holding "  Guitar Hero " nights also have enjoyed a boost in business : Big Wangs sports tavern in Hollywood , California , reports a 25 percent to 35 percent increase in sales . The results have played out at such places as Roosevelt High School in Los Angeles , where most teens have grown up on a steady diet of hip-hop and R&B . Recently , heavy metal blared from the school 's darkened auditorium as it sponsored a three-day "  Guitar Hero Face-Off . " Spotlights illuminated the competitors , and an audience full of enthusiasts screamed wildly at the end of each song . It was enough to make 16-year-old finalist George Gomez nervous . "  You got fans cheering you on , " he marveled shyly . For Mayfield , the marriage of music and video games makes perfect sense , especially for an ailing record industry that 's been having trouble selling CDs . "  This is a chance for something that 's been a competition to actually be an ally , if you will , " he said . Mayfield has never played "  Guitar Hero " or "  Rock Band , " but he said he understands the irresistible appeal of kids and adults indulging in some harmless headbanging -- albeit with toy instruments . "  If you 've ever played air guitar , more than likely , you were n't doing it to a Michael Jackson song . You were doing it to an Aerosmith song , " he said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this article .	"  Guitar Hero " and "  Rock Band " games have been hugely successful Video games ' success has helped sell rock music , guitars Teens getting into rock heroes of '70s , '80s Aerosmith catalog sales went up after "  Guitar Hero : Aerosmith " came out
CNN  -- Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release from Taliban captivity was largely celebrated at first . In the ensuing days , however , several serious issues have arisen , bearing upon death , honor and the law . Were U.S. soldiers killed searching for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ? A controversy exists over whether soldiers were killed , directly or indirectly , in the search for Bergdahl after he was taken captive by the Taliban . Former soldiers involved in the operations to find Bergdahl asserted to CNN this week that at least six soldiers were killed because of the search for Bergdahl in 2009 . They provided the soldiers ' names and their dates of death , with circumstances for some of them . A day later , Nathan Bradley Bethea , a former member of Bergdahl 's battalion who searched for him that summer in 2009 , wrote in the Daily Beast that eight soldiers ' deaths were tied to the Bergdahl search . Bethea provided the eight soldiers ' names -- including six names that CNN earlier reported . Asked about this point , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told reporters Wednesday that he did not know of specific circumstances or details of soldiers dying as a result of the efforts to find Bergdahl . Bergdahl 's former team leader , Evan Buetow , told CNN that , "  I ca n't say for a fact and I do n't know if there is really anyone who can prove that soldiers died on a directed mission to find Bergdahl . However every mission , especially in the following two or more months , those were directed missions . Everything after that , they were still missions that were in search of Bergdahl . ... Bergdahl leaving changed the mission . " Bowe Bergdahl : Strong , well-rounded and easy to talk to , friends say Did Bergdahl desert ? An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded that Bergdahl left his outpost deliberately and on his own free will , according to a U.S. military official briefed on the report . The official spoke to CNN Tuesday on the condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the information . There was no definitive finding Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't do without talking to the soldier . The investigation included interviews with members of Bergdahl 's unit , none of whom reported seeing him go , the official said . It is "  unfair " to Bergdahl and his family to presume anything about his motivations for leaving the base , Hagel said Wednesday . Secretary of the Army John McHugh said Tuesday that "  a comprehensive , coordinated " review of Bergdahl 's case will be conducted . The review "  will include speaking with Sgt. Bergdahl to better learn from him the circumstances regarding his disappearance and captivity , " McHugh said . Earlier in the week , Hagel declined to address directly detailed questions about Bergdahl 's case -- particularly accusations that he deserted , as some of his former brothers-in-arm allege . Before he went missing , Bergdahl spoke of wanting to get lost in the mountains and walking to India , his comrades said . "  I believe he totally deserted , " said former Staff Sgt. Justin Gerleve , Bergdahl 's former squad leader . Did Obama break the law ? The Taliban freed Bergdahl in exchange for the U.S. release of five Taliban fighters held in Guantanamo Bay , but the Obama administration did n't tell Congress of the releases . Under law , the White House has to give a 30-day notice to Capitol Hill before any terrorists are transferred from Guantanamo . White House National Security Adviser Susan Rice defended President Obama 's decision not to notify Congress . "  Given the acute urgency of the health condition of Sergeant Bergdahl , and given the President 's constitutional responsibilities , it was determined that it was necessary and appropriate not to adhere to the 30-day notification requirement , because it would have potentially meant that the opportunity to get Sergeant Bergdahl would have been lost , " Rice said . The president did indeed break the letter of the law , said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . But there are questions about the law itself , he added . "  There 's two different questions here . One is , did he violate the federal law ? The answer to that is most obviously yes , " Turley said . "  The second question is whether that law is constitutional . And the answer to that is more difficult . "  This is just a notice requirement . There are thousands of such notice requirements . And the problem with the president 's argument is there 's no limiting principle , that he could argue that all national security laws could fall into the same unilateral power , " Turley said . Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl Did Bergdahl help the Taliban ? There 's no evidence that Bergdahl helped the enemy directly , though he 's certainly been used in Taliban propaganda . What has partly fueled this accusation is how Bergdahl reportedly had sent e-mails to his parents denouncing U.S. activities in Afghanistan , according to a 2012 story in Rolling Stone magazine . Bergdahl 's former comrades also wondered if he gave the Taliban intelligence because the enemy executed "  very calculated , very methodical " strikes after Bergdahl 's disappearance , said former Army Sgt. Buetow . But a U.S. official who has been briefed on the initial Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after Bergdahl disappeared told CNN that Bergdahl 's commanders referred to him as "  a good soldier " in that report . Some of his teammates said he had expressed "  boredom " and thought his unit was too passive and should have been "  kicking down doors , " the official said . Taliban video shows Bowe Bergdahl 's release in Afghanistan Was Bergdahl tortured ? It 's too early to say how severely Bergdahl was mistreated during his five years of captivity . Officials have yet to state the findings of their medical examination of Bergdahl following his release Saturday . A Taliban propaganda video of the handover of Bergdahl showed him looking gaunt and blinking repeatedly -- as if in disbelief or shock . "  He does n't look that bad to me , " remarked Chris Voss , a former FBI lead international hostage negotiator , about Bergdahl 's condition . Some experts speculate Bergdahl may have experienced Stockholm syndrome , in which he may have emotionally bonded with his Taliban captors over the five years . Why is his unit coming out against him ? There 's something new and something old motivating the former members of Bergdahl 's unit to condemn him . First there were the immediate reports that Bergdahl was being hailed as a hero . Those accounts incensed the former soldiers . The comrades also remembered 2009 and how they searched for Bergdahl . "  He walked off , " former Pfc. Jose Baggett , 27 , of Chicago said . "  He left his guard post . Nobody knows if he defected or he 's a traitor or he was kidnapped . What I do know is , he was there to protect us , and instead he decided to defer from America and go and do his own thing . I do n't know why he decided to do that , but we spent so much of our resources , and some of those resources were soldiers ' lives . " In fact , the former soldiers say they are so outraged that they are speaking out publicly at significant peril . The former servicemen said they earlier signed nondisclosure agreements about the disappearance and search for Bergdahl , but they 're now violating it . Opinion : Five tough ethics issues in Bergdahl swap Is that illegal ? The former soldiers may well be in open violation of that contract . But they say they will risk punishment . "  It 's certainly a possibility , but I do n't think that I could have continued to go on without being able to share with you and the people the true things that happened in this situation , because if you guys are n't made aware of it , it will just go on , he will be a hero , and nobody is going to be able to know the truth , " said former Army Sgt. Josh Korder , whose back is tattooed with the names of three soldiers who purportedly died while searching for Bergdahl . Army officials did n't immediately return a CNN request for comment about what consequences , if any , the former soldiers may face if they 're in violation of a nondisclosure agreement . For those former troops , honor is at stake . "  For me , he 's a deserter . America needs to know , " said Gerleve , the former squad leader . "  He 's back , and he needs to be held accountable . " Was Bergdahl swap legal ? Depends on who you ask Official : Army will review freed soldier Bergdahl 's case but it 's not first priority Bergdahl hurts Obama 's most promising chance to close Gitmo CNN 's Barbara Starr and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .	Controversy roils over whether soldiers were killed because of search Former comrades accuse Bergdahl of desertion , though Hagel asks for fairness Obama broke the law in not notifying Congress , professor says Former troops violate nondisclosure pact to denounce Bergdahl 's actions
CNN  -- I am 17 years old and a senior in high school . I am also , like thousands of other people living on this planet , sick . Like "  spend a quarter of my life in the hospital , do treatments every day to stay alive " sick . I was born with cystic fibrosis , which the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation describes as a "  life-threatening genetic disease that primarily affects the lungs and digestive system . " I was only 13 years old when I was forced to face the fragility of my own life . A routine surgery landed me in a medically induced coma for two weeks with a mere 1 % chance of surviving . But survive I did . Today , I do breathing treatments for up to four hours a day and take around 30 pills . Up until a few years ago , my life expectancy was 25 . Every breath I take is a miracle . I want you all to know that this is n't a sob story . I 'm not here to make you feel bad for the poor sick kid . In fact , I hope to accomplish quite the opposite . I want to share a story about finding joy and beauty in places that others see pain and suffering . I am sick , yes . But I am so much more . My life is wonderful , not in spite of this illness but because of it . I 'm writing to you from the hospital , a.k.a. my second home . When I was younger and obsessed with becoming an artist , the hospital was my New York loft apartment . I would move the furniture around to create space on the floor , throw down some sheets and indulge in any form of art that I could get my hands on . The people who would come and visit loved to tell me how sorry they were that I had to live this kind of life : sick and alone , trapped in hospital room after hospital room . I would argue with them , tirelessly . I 'd try to show them that although this life may be different from their own , it was anything but miserable . Oftentimes , it was wasted effort . I still wonder why they could never see my time in the hospital the way I did : as a blank canvas waiting to be turned into something beautiful . As I got older , my life become a whirlwind of homework and responsibilities . The hospital became my retreat , a place to gather my thoughts and focus on my health . The nurses are my friends as well as my caretakers . The doctors are my parents as well as my physicians . Hospital life , like all of life , is filled with both pain and joy in equal measures . There are so many moments to share , so much life that has been lived in these hospital rooms -- from late-night room service orders with my friends to Harry Potter movie marathons to wake-me-up-at-2-in-the-morning blood draws that taught me patience . There were moments of total contentment , when I would look up from my homework and see the sun setting over the hospital courtyard , washing my room in an orange glow . Like all teenagers , I had the lonely nights , the sleepless nights and the stay-up-late-finishing-homework nights . I even threw three New Years Eve parties as a patient , complete with sparkling juice and beeping IVs . Sure , there were endless tests and procedures ; doctors always finding something else that was wrong with my body . But there was also laughter , those moments when we could see how wrong the world had been : A short life CAN be as rich as a long one . Something that always surprises people to hear is that my health has very little to do with my happiness . Yeah , being sick can suck  big time  , but nothing is one-sided . I ca n't let the pain block out the beauty . When I was 13 , my parents and I started a foundation to support families like ours living with cystic fibrosis , called the Claire 's Place Foundation . When I was 14 , I became a public speaker , and now I am creating a video series called "  The Clairity Project . " Get it ? Claire-ity . The videos shine a light on hospital life and break down the social barriers we have around people who are sick . The past four years have been a whirlwind of traveling , speaking , fundraising and experiencing life in ways I never imagined . Some things in life are ours to choose , while other things choose us . I never chose to live this crazy bizarre life with cystic fibrosis , and I did n't wake up from the coma with a plan to move my life down a totally different path . Yet that seems to be exactly what happened . And , of course , I would n't want it any other way .	Claire Wineland was born with cystic fibrosis Wineland makes the best of the time she has to spend in the hospital "  Hospital life ... is filled with both pain and joy in equal measures , " she says Wineland produces a viral video series called the Clairity Project
LONDON , England  CNN  -- While the Oscars is without doubt the grandest of all the awards ceremonies , it does n't have the world stage to itself . "  Persepolis " won the French nomination -- but failed to make the Academy 's shortlist In London , the Brits have their BAFTAs ; Spain has the Goyas ; and France celebrates the Cesars , where "  La Vie En Rose " won six out of its "  magnifique " 11 nominations . And it was this foreign fare that gave rise to the biggest controversy at Hollywood 's big event . "  La Vie En Rose " amassed an impressive eleven nominations at the French Cesar Awards . Marion Cotillard 's astonishing transformation into Edith Piaf won her Best Actress gongs at the Golden Globes , BAFTAs and the Academy Awards . But "  La Vie En Rose " was not among the contenders for Best Foreign Film . Another French language film , "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , " was on many critics ' top ten lists for the films of 2007 . It won the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Film and its American director Julian Schnabel was nominated for an Oscar . But like "  La Vie En Rose , " this film was not among the contenders for Best Foreign Film . A third French film , "  Persepolis " won the special jury prize at Cannes and it received an Oscar nomination for Best Animated Feature , but yet again , this was not a nominee for Best Foreign Film . France suffered through an abundance of riches this year , with three potential Oscar winners . But to enter the race for Best Foreign film , France , like every other country , had to nominate just one . So "  La Vie En Rose " and "  Diving Bell " were rejected by the French film authorities in favor of "  Persepolis . " But "  Persepolis " did n't sufficiently impress the Oscar judges : so France had no films among the final five nominees . French frustration at the Oscar process was echoed in Taiwan , which chose Ang Lee 's film , "  Lust Caution , " as its official entry . The film won both critical acclaim and the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival . But Oscar judges ruled there was too little Taiwanese involvement -- none of the lead actors are from Taiwan . The double Oscar winning director watched in disbelief as his film was banned and Taiwan was told to pick another film instead : Oscar caution triumphing over Ang Lee 's lust for a third Academy Award . And the list goes on : the Israeli film , "  The Band 's Visit " was excluded for having too much English -- but it 's the only way the Israeli and Egyptian protagonists can communicate in the film and is a key part of the plot . But Israel submitted "  Beaufort " instead -- and made the final five . "  The Kite Runner " may have proved an international success at the box office , but it did n't fly with Oscar watchdogs . Set in Afghanistan with Farsi as its main language , it fell foul of the rulebook by having too little Afghan involvement and a Swiss-American director . But for most critics , the most inexplicable omission from the shortlist of nominees was Romania 's "  4 Months , 3 weeks & 2 Days , " winner of the Palme D'Or in Cannes and considered by many to be a sure-fire Oscar winner . Some feel its challenging subject of a back-street abortion in communist Romania was too testing for conservative members of the Academy 's Foreign Film Committee , whose volunteers tend to include many retirees -- who else has time to attend screenings of 63 foreign language films ? Even Marc Johnson , the Chairman of the Academy 's Foreign Language Film Committee , acknowledged that some of the criticism levelled against the Academy this year was "  justifiable " . He told CNN : "  We took quite a beating , and I think quite justifiably , not for the films that we selected but for the films that we DID N'T select . "  And I felt very passionately about it and spoke out about it more than I should have done , but there was a part of me saying "  wait a minute I did n't sign on for this -- I did n't sign on to be the scapegoat and we received a lot of criticism and yet it 's something I feel so passionately about I think foreign language film and particularly subtitled film in the U.S. are really an endangered species . " Defenders of the Academy also point out that they 're only asking countries to nominate their favorite film ; they then pick the best of that bunch . Mr Johnson said it would be unfair to allow countries to submit more than one film as the selection process would become "  unmanageable " . "  There have been arguments that why ca n't a coutnry submit more films ? France for instance might argue we make 50 films a year , maybe five of them are Oscar worthy and Ecuador maybe only makes one why is it we have the same group as they ? " . "  Not that I ever like to mix sports with the arts but it 's a little bit like the World Cup . Brazil could probably submit five teams but they 're only allowed to submit one -- and it 's what makes it a fair race , " he explains . "  The other thing is quite frankly this year we had 63 films . We could not see many more than that . So if we had 5 from this country and 3 from this country it would be completely unmanageable . " And while the one-film-per-country rule fails to reward a nation with a flourishing film industry , it does ensure diversity : no less than 63 countries from Azerbaijan to Vietnam submitted films for the 80th Academy Awards . Israel , Austria , Poland , Russia , and Kazakhstan -- representing 210 million people in all -- were the countries vying for the prize on Oscar night , and the Academy points to the quality of those on the list , rather those that are not , as ultimate proof that the system works . E-mail to a friend	Academy rules mean each country can only submit one film France dismissed "  La Vie En Rose " and "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " Its choice , "  Persepolis , " failed to make the Oscars shortlist Taiwan 's choice , Ang Lee 's "  Lust , Caution , " was also blocked by the Academy
Boston  CNN  -- In the hours after two explosions ripped through Boylston Street just feet from the finish line of Monday 's Boston Marathon , people across the city rallied around each other , showing , as one runner said , "  the human spirit is still alive . " At a Starbucks across from the Westin Copley Place , a hotel filled with out-of-town marathoners , manager Sol Elta and his staff set up an impromptu feeding table offering free coffee and pastries to anyone walking by . The idea was sparked by a woman in Philadelphia who called the store and offered to donate $ 100 worth of coffee and pastries to people affected by the bombing . "  I was shocked , " Elta said . "  I thought it was an organization . I thought it was Starbucks corporate . It turned out to be just some citizen who wanted to find somewhere close and be a helping hand . " ` Boston will overcome , ' mayor vows Technically , the store was closed . Train station closures made it difficult for staff to get to work and police barricades made it virtually impossible for customers to enter . But Elta and his management team opened the store on their own time to feed and caffeinate passersby . "  Instead of doing a little bit of what we had , we 're doing everything that we had in the store based on what Starbucks wants to contribute and based on her contribution as well , " Elta said . Those enjoying the shop 's offerings included many of the thousands of runners who were stopped short of finishing the race . Wearing running gear or branded Boston Marathon jackets , many wandered up to police barricades where early in the day volunteers checked bib numbers and handed out finishing medals . Luis Cuan and Jaime Herrera flew from Guadalajara , Mexico , to run the marathon , but were stopped just short of the finish line when the bombs went off . When the police diverted the two men away from the buses that carried their personal belongings , they were wearing only running clothes . "  It was freezing , " Cuan said . "  But many people came out of their houses , some of them were filming us , but many of them were offering water , many of them were offering jackets . We both had pants and a jacket that were given to us just 'cause those people felt that we were in the need of some support . " What we know about the bombings so far After walking for hours they eventually made it back to their hotel , but they did n't receive their marathon medals . When the pair left their hotel on Tuesday to explore the city , they met a man who told them they could collect their medals at a police checkpoint on Clarendon Street . One of the women at the checkpoint hanging medals around runners ' necks was volunteer Kathy LeClair from Chester , New Hampshire . LeClair had n't planned on being a part of the marathon . An employee of TD Bank , LeClair had come to Boston on Monday afternoon to attend a corporate training class on Tuesday . "  My hotel room looked out over everything that happened , " said LeClair , who was checking into her room just as the bombs exploded . "  I just could n't go to class today . I just could n't focus and so I decided to walk around until I found a place that needed a volunteer . " A police detective eventually directed LeClair to the offices of the Boston Athletic Association , where she was handed a marathon jacket and led to a police barricade . There , LeClair spent the morning greeting and hugging runners who had been affected by the bombing . "  I 've seen every emotion , " LeClair said . "  I 've seen men cry . I saw a man who did n't want to take a medal because he did n't feel he deserved it . " One runner told LeClair he was a military veteran who had served time in Iraq as a medic . "  He did n't have his  bib  number because it was covered in blood and he threw it away , " LeClair said . "  He went to help people and he was totally covered in blood , " LeClair said , recounting his story . "  He had his bag but he did n't have a medal , and he did n't think he was going to get one and when I gave it to him he cried . That was so touching . " How you can help By noon on Tuesday , the city 's response efforts had become more organized , and the BAA began directing all runners in search of closure in the form of finishing medals to the Park Plaza Castle on Columbus Avenue . Hundreds of runners streamed in and out of the Castle , where the city had set up a makeshift resource center for those scattered by the blasts . Belinda Osborne wiped tears from her eyes as she emerged with a medal around her neck . "  I was crossing the finish line and about to receive my medal right when the bomb went off , " said Osborne , who flew in from Salt Lake City to run her first Boston Marathon . "  I heard the explosion and right when the guy was about to hand me my medal he said , ` That 's not supposed to happen . ' " She rushed away from the finish line with no cell phone and no money in search of the two friends she had coaxed into running alongside her . After a fall ended their race , Osborne 's friends jumped ahead to cheer her on at a restaurant near the finish line . "  They were one table left of the blast . Where they were sitting , if I would 've passed 10 seconds later , they would 've been in the blast , because they got up to leave and the blast went off , " Osborne said . "  And that 's where ground zero was , and the dead bodies and the blood . " After waiting for more than an hour at the family waiting area , she made her way back to her room at the Copley Marriott just in time to grab her purse and cell phone before the building was evacuated . During the evacuation a man stranded outside his hotel with nothing came up to her to ask for help . Doctors remove ball bearings from victims "  I gave him $ 20 , " Osborne said . "  He e-mailed me last night and he said , ` I 'm going to repay you . Give me your address . ' I said , do n't even worry about it . It 's just the human spirit . I know anybody would 've done the same thing for me . I 've never felt so helpless just not having any money , I do n't even know the city . It 's just amazing how everybody came together . " Until the finish , Osborne said the race was the best she marathon had ever run . "  I was coming through the finish line and hitting people 's hands , " Osborne said . "  I stopped and had a beer on mile 22 . It was so great and so electric . " Despite being visibly shaken by her experience on Monday , she vowed she 'll be back . "  I 'm not going to let them scare me away , " Osborne said . "  That 's what they want . I 'm going to come back . " We 've been hit before on home soil Boston heroes : Running to help Map of the explosion sites Bombing is the latest Patriots Day tragedy	Strangers help strangers after blasts leave racers stranded Telephone donation leads Starbucks to give away coffee , pastries Businesswoman changes plans , volunteers to belatedly give out race medals
CNN  -- Wright County Egg , one of two Iowa farms at the center of this past summer 's salmonella outbreak and massive egg recall , won federal approval Tuesday to sell to consumers eggs produced at two henhouses . "  During the outbreak , I said that FDA would not agree to the sale of eggs to consumers from Wright County Egg until we had confidence that they could be shipped and consumed safely , " said Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Margaret A. Hamburg in a statement . "  After four months of intensive work by the company and oversight , testing , and inspections by FDA , I am satisfied that time has come . " The outbreak of Salmonella enteritidis sickened more than 1,600 people and triggered the recall of more than a half-billion eggs . Wright County Egg , of Galt , Iowa , had not shipped eggs to consumers from the two hen houses since August . In the summer , the FDA found what it termed "  deplorable " conditions at Wright County Egg after the company conducted a nationwide voluntary recall of shell eggs that it had shipped since May 19 , 2010 . Shell eggs from Wright County Egg were sold to distributors and wholesalers in 22 states and Mexico , who then distributed the shell eggs further . According to the FDA statement , Wright County Egg took the following corrective steps at the barns on one of its six farms : -- The laying hens present in these houses at the time of the outbreak have been removed and the houses cleaned , sanitized and tested to ensure that they are no longer contaminated with Salmonella enteritidis . -- Infected pullets were replaced with Salmonella enteritidis-negative pullets that have been vaccinated . -- A rodent problem has been corrected and a system put in place to control and monitor them . -- Corrective actions against contaminated feed included cleaning and disinfecting the feed mill ; eliminating eggshells , meat and bone meal from the feed ; and testing of feed ingredients and feed for Salmonella enteritidis . "  Corrective actions continue to be implemented for Wright County Egg 's remaining houses , operating on six farms , " the FDA said . "  The agency will work with Wright County Egg officials to assure appropriate steps are taken before permitting resumption of shipping to the shell egg market from other houses and farms . " Wright County Egg said it is meeting requirements that are more stringent the FDA 's egg safety rule , including worker retraining and extensive testing . "  Extraordinary measures have been put in place to put our egg farms at the forefront of food safety and to protect the health of our birds , and our team has worked tirelessly over the past several months to ensure that the past situation is never repeated , " Wright County Egg chief operating officer Peter DeCoster said in a statement Tuesday . After the recall , fresh eggs at facilities believed to be contaminated were sold to "  breaking plants " that break the eggshells , pasteurize the eggs and turn them into liquid or other form used in a variety of products , officials said . That step was meant to kill any pathogens . The two barns resuming shell egg production will produce about 72,000 dozen eggs per week , or about 3.7 million dozen eggs each year , according to Wright County Egg . About 800,000 eggs per week are still going to "  breaking plants . " Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms of Hampton , Iowa , have worked to correct problems so that they could again ship shell eggs directly to the table . In October , the FDA allowed Hillandale Farms start shipping its eggs from three of its henhouses . According to the FDA , since August , three egg-producing houses owned by Hillandale had been extensively tested and have been found to have no evidence of Salmonella contamination .	FDA gives approval for Wright County Egg to sell eggs from two henhouses The Iowa company has taken steps to combat salmonella It will work with FDA to correct problems at other facilities
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- An amusement park sits in the ear of a rhinoceros ; a five-star hotel takes the place of its eye . Another city takes the awkward image of a giraffe , with a golf course on its chest and a sewage treatment plant on its tail . The government of Southern Sudan this week unveiled urban blueprints to rebuild cities in the shape of animals , raising eyebrows across the globe . The man behind the plan , Housing and Physical Planning Ministry undersecretary Daniel Wani , says the attention has given his ambitious proposal a boost of new energy . "  The reaction has been very good . We have been getting calls from everywhere , " Wani says in the Southern Sudan capital of Juba . "  Generally , the feedback we are receiving indicates that we are on a positive track . " The $ 10.1 billion multi-decade project to re-create Southern Sudan 's 10 state capitals into elaborately-shaped dream towns may sound Dubai-esque -- only Southern Sudan is no Dubai . Actually , it is one of the poorest places on earth . The undeveloped region -- which lacks any paved roads outside its three main cities -- is part of Africa 's largest nation , Sudan , which is ruled by the Khartoum government South Sudanese fought against for most of the past half century in two long civil wars . But Southern Sudan expects to achieve independence next year through a January secession referendum promised in a 2005 peace deal that granted the war-torn region self-rule until the vote . Even without the unique city designs , the multi-billion dollar price tag alone was sure to turn heads . Southern Sudan 's total budget for 2010 is less than $ 2 billion , 98 percent of which comes from the oil revenues it hopes will fund its postwar re-construction . Critics think South Sudan 's expected oil bonanza could be getting to its head . "  There are so many priorities they should be focusing on before they should be attempting such a thing . It 's not cost effective , " says Ben Jerome Gama , 28 , a South Sudanese living on a dirt road in Juba where the city 's erratic electricity supply has yet to reach . "  There is a lot to address -- in health , education , infrastructure . " Others think the idea could help put an aspiring new nation on the map . "  If it happened , everybody would come to see the country . It would mean we are developed , " says Ochira Bosco , 27 , who works in a Juba restaurant . But Bosco says his government should budget for more pressing matters first . "  If they build these and we still do n't have hospitals or proper schools or good roads , that would not be good , " he says . Wani defends his plan , saying that one must start planning for the future today . And for those who consider the giraffe or rhino city designs silly or impractical , they should think bigger , says the official , who holds a doctorate in civil engineering from University of Leeds in the United Kingdom . "  The shapes are what is innovative about the whole idea , that is what is attracting all the attention , " Wani says . Eventually , the government hopes to get more than 70 percent of the project financed privately . Businessmen from Japan and Abu Dhabi have already flown in to discuss joining the investor pool since the plans were unveiled . The proposal has yet to be finally approved by the nation 's executive Cabinet , and investors will not begin work until a $ 500 million guarantee materializes from the Bank of Southern Sudan . But the man who envisions giving Southern Sudan a unique aerial view is confident his idea will soon turn stones on the ground . "  We are implementing the plan , definitely , " he says .	The $ 10.1 billion project aims to re-create 10 state capitals Proposal for one of the most poorest places on earth raises eyebrows Critics think South Sudan 's expected oil bonanza could be getting to its head
China 's former top domestic security official , Zhou Yongkang , has been arrested as part of a corruption probe , the country 's state-run Xinhua news agency reports . Zhou -- who had been one of nine members of China 's top decision-making body , the Politburo Standing Committee , before stepping down in late 2012 -- was also expelled from the Communist Party , according to Xinhua , citing a decision made Friday at a meeting of the party central committee 's political bureau . The decision comes amid a much touted anti-corruption campaign launched by President Xi Jinping , one that has already ensnared several men who had once been prominent figures in government and the ruling Communist Party . Corruption is a lightning rod for public discontent across the Asian nation , which for decades has been run by the Communist Party . After taking power in late 2012 , Xi banned official extravagance -- from banquets to year-end gifts -- and vowed to target "  flies and tigers " alike in his fight against corruption when describing his resolve to spare no one , regardless of position . One of them was Gen. Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , which runs the world 's largest standing army . Xu was expelled from the party and handed over to prosecutors after being found to have accepted bribes , Xinhua reported in June . Like Zhou , Xu was in the Politburo before retiring in 2012 . Also this summer , Xinhua reported on the downfall of Su Rong , a former vice chairman of China 's top political advisory body . State media reported that Su and his wife profited tremendously through bribes and illegal land deals when he ran the southeastern province of Jiangxi . Zhou officially got caught up in this campaign in July , when the Communist Party announced it was opening a probe into the retired senior leader for a suspected if then unspecified "  serious disciplinary violation . " According to a statement released Saturday by the Supreme People 's Procuratorate , or China 's prosecutor 's office , an investigation determined that Zhou took advantage of his positions to garner profits for others "  and accepted huge bribes personally and through his family , " Xinhua reported . He did so to help relatives , mistresses and friends , leaking party and country secrets while hurting state-owned assets , according to Xinhua . The same report noted that investigators found that Zhou had affairs with a number of women , trading "  his power for sex and money . " "  What Zhou did completely deviated from the  Communist  Party 's nature and mission , and seriously violated Party discipline , " Xinhua said , citing the statement from the procuratorate . His behavior "  badly undermined the reputation of the Party , significantly damaged the cause of the Party and the people and have yielded serious consequences . "	Zhou Yongkang had been one of nine on China 's top decision-making body State news : He 's been arrested and expelled from the Communist Party Investigators found Zhou took bribes , helped others , traded power for sex He 's one of several people ensnared in China 's anti-corruption campaign
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama indicated a willingness Wednesday to agree to a short-term deal to raise the federal borrowing limit , if Republicans will accept it , a Democratic lawmaker told CNN . The president signaled more "  give " to the idea of a six-week deal to hike the debt ceiling during a private White House meeting with House Democrats , said the lawmaker , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The revelation comes amid a stalemate that has Republicans trying to use spending and debt limit deadlines as leverage to wring concessions from Obama and Democrats . The result of the political standoff has been a partial government shutdown that is in its second week and fears of a possible U.S. default on its debt that economists warn could cause another recession . CNN has been reporting that senior House GOP sources are signaling openness to the idea of a short-term increase in the debt ceiling , as long as Democrats agree to negotiations on how to reduce the debt and deficit during the time the debt ceiling is increased . Talking about a short-term solution , Obama told the group "  if that 's what  House Speaker John  Boehner needs to climb out of the tree that he 's stuck in , then that 's something we should look at , " according to the lawmaker , who attended the meeting . ` Measure of hope ' The lawmaker left the White House meeting with a "  small measure of hope that this becomes an exit strategy . " The president warned if Republicans want to propose a short-term fix and Democrats say no , then the firm ground Democrats think they 're standing on now would soften . Boehner and Republicans are demanding that Obama and Senate Democrats negotiate on deficit reduction steps that would be part of legislation to reopen the government and raise the limit on federal borrowing needed to pay the bills . Obama has refused to enter formal talks until the shutdown ends and the debt ceiling has been raised to remove the threat of default . A senior House Republican told CNN that GOP members may be willing to go for a short-term debt ceiling hike -- lasting four to six weeks -- as long as the president agrees that negotiations will occur during that time . However , no specifics were immediately available about how such legislation would take shape or how the talks would occur . But Republican sources have also told CNN the parameters of those talks have to be specific enough to sell to their skeptical GOP members . So what would Democrats be willing to talk about ? The lawmaker said House Democrats are open to hearing what Republicans have in mind with a short-term deal . GOP seeks leverage The shutdown began when Congress failed to pass a spending plan for the new fiscal year that started October 1 . Now another deadline looms -- the need to increase the federal borrowing limit by October 17 or risk a U.S. default . Days of back-and-forth rhetoric and jibes between the leaders have brought no direct negotiations , but plenty of accusations and political spin . On Wednesday , GOP leaders appeared to shift their focus from efforts to dismantle Obama 's signature health care reform , the initial driving force behind the shutdown , to securing spending cuts elsewhere . Boehner , who earlier this year told his GOP colleagues that he was finished negotiating one on one with the president , has called for Obama to sit down for what he calls a "  conversation " on how to reopen the government and prevent what would be the first-ever U.S. default as soon as next week . But when Obama invited the entire House Republican caucus to the White House as part of a series of meetings with legislators , Boehner 's office responded that only the GOP leadership and committee chairmen would attend the Thursday gathering . "  It is our hope that this will be a constructive meeting and that the president finally recognizes Americans expect their leaders to be able to sit down and resolve their differences , " said a statement by a Boehner aide . Obama 's invitation was intended to demonstrate outreach to Republicans just eight days from when the Treasury says Congress must increase the federal debt ceiling or risk default . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama was disappointed that Boehner was limiting attendance at Thursday 's meeting to fewer than 20 of the more than 200 House Republicans . "  The president thought it was important to talk directly with the members who forced this economic crisis on the country " about the potential harmful impacts from the shutdown and a possible default , Carney said in a statement , repeating that Obama "  will not pay the Republicans ransom for doing their job . " Meanwhile , GOP leaders were distancing themselves from demands by tea party conservatives to also make dismantling Obamacare a condition for agreement . Ryan 's plan drops Obamacare Republican Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the House Budget Committee chairman who was the party 's vice presidential nominee last year , argued in a Wall Street Journal op-ed that Democrats and Republicans should focus on "  modest reforms to entitlement programs and the tax code . " "  Right now , we need to find common ground , " Ryan wrote in the column posted online Tuesday night . "  We need to open the federal government . We need to pay our bills today -- and make sure we can pay our bills tomorrow . So let 's negotiate an agreement to make modest reforms to entitlement programs and the tax code . " However , Ryan 's column never mentioned Obamacare , focusing instead on forced spending cuts to domestic and military programs , as well as reforms to Medicare . Ryan 's Obamacare omission appeared to anger conservatives , who took to Twitter in response . "  Much like White House press , Paul Ryan does n't mention Obamacare in WSJ oped , " tweeted Dan Holler , spokesman for the conservative group Heritage Action . Perhaps in response to a conservative backlash , Boehner made a brief statement Wednesday on the House floor that focused on the GOP message that Obamacare was detrimental to the country . He stopped short of linking it to any negotiations on ending the shutdown and raising the debt ceiling . Boehner insists that the government must reduce deficits , declaring that Republicans wo n't raise the debt ceiling without steps toward that goal . Boehner demands cuts for debt limit increase But a House GOP leadership source told CNN on Wednesday that Obama 's rejection of linking negotiations to raising the borrowing limit meant Republicans would likely be forced to agree to a "  clean " debt ceiling limit proposal in exchange for setting up talks on deficit reduction steps . According to the source , the economic implications of a U.S. default "  scares people " to make such a deal acceptable to enough House Republicans in order to get negotiations started . The source acknowledged Boehner may lack support from some or most of his GOP caucus , requiring Democratic votes for the proposal to pass . Democrats planning Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois told CNN his side already was mulling over "  what we will discuss , what we will negotiate over , what things will be on the table . " Obama also met with the House Democratic caucus at the White House . The GOP-led House passed a measure on Tuesday to set up a special negotiating team comprising members of both parties from the House and Senate , but Obama and Democrats rejected the concept as the latest Republican gimmick to force talks before raising the debt ceiling . Meanwhile , Senate Democrats announced they will propose a measure to increase the debt ceiling beyond next year 's congressional elections with no additional issues attached . While many Republicans are certain to oppose it , Democratic leaders hope increased pressure for Congress to prevent a default next week will cause some GOP senators to vote for it . A GOP source told CNN on Tuesday that the White House was having corporate chief executives call Republican leaders . The business community has called for resolving the Washington stalemate to avoid a default that would spike interest rates to impact the economy . Without a breakthrough , the shutdown would continue at a cost estimated at up to $ 50 billion a month . Failure to raise the debt ceiling by next week 's deadline would leave the government unable to borrow money to pay its bills for the first time in its history . All the partisan bickering -- and lack of progress -- is taking its toll not just on furloughed workers , shuttered government facilities and programs , but also on Americans ' confidence in their government . Poll : Most angry at both parties Shutdown forecast : Week two and clouds ahead In a national poll released Monday , most respondents said the government shutdown was causing a crisis or major problems for the country . The CNN/ORC International survey indicated that slightly more people were angry at Republicans than Democrats or Obama for the shutdown , though both sides took a hit . According to the poll conducted over the weekend , 63 % of respondents said they were angry at the Republicans for the way they have handled the shutdown , while 57 % expressed anger at Democrats and 53 % at Obama . "  It looks like there is more than enough blame to go around , and both parties are being hurt by the shutdown , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . According to a new Gallup poll Wednesday , the Republican party 's favorable rating dropped to 28 % , down 10 percentage points from September . The 43 % for Democrats was a 4-percentage-point drop from last month . Will 2014 election solve anything ? Senate Democrats sought to keep up the pressure , holding a rally on the Capitol steps on Wednesday to demonstrate their unified stance in calling for House Republicans to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling . A CNN survey indicates enough Republicans in the House would join Democrats in voting for a Senate-passed spending plan to end the shutdown . All 200 Democrats and 19 Republicans support passing a continuing resolution with no additional legislative strings attached . With two vacancies in 435-member House , 217 votes are currently the minimum needed for the measure to win approval in the House . However , not enough Republicans are willing to join Democrats in a procedural move to force Boehner to hold a vote on the Senate plan . Boehner has said the measure would fail to pass in the House , a contention rejected by Obama and Democrats . The speaker has previously allowed measures to pass the House with mostly Democratic support , which has weakened his leadership among conservatives . Doing so now could cost him his leadership post due to the conservative backlash in would likely unleash , analysts believe . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Paul Steinhauser , Jim Acosta , Deirdre Walsh , Barbara Starr , Ted Barrett , Dan Merica and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama indicates a willingness to accept a short-term deal , a lawmaker says GOP source : Republicans may have to accept a "  clean " debt ceiling plan The partial government shutdown enters its ninth day A deadline looms to raise the debt ceiling or face default for the first time
More than a week after a raid on an al Qaeda stronghold in Yemen to free hostages , an American captive , who was not rescued , appears in a video , begging into the camera for his life . In the recording recently posted by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , also known as AQAP , the terror group threatens to kill Luke Somers , if Washington does not meet its demands . AQAP member Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi , who reads a statement , does not say what the demands are but claims that the U.S. government knows them . Somers also gives a short statement asking for help and identifying himself . "  My name is Luke Somers . I 'm 33 years old . I was born in England , but I carry American citizenship and have lived in America for most of my life , " he says . Somers , a photojournalist , fell into the hands of kidnappers in September last year . He missed being saved in a raid last week by U.S. and Yemini special forces that freed eight hostages . The raid was planned after al Qaeda militants were spotted transferring the hostages into pickups , "  chained and covered in blankets , " according to a website associated with Yemen 's defense ministry . Militants drove them to a cave over 65 miles away from the town of Hajir al-Saiyer . U.S. and Yemeni special forces outfitted with night visors embarked on the mission about four miles from the cave . They encountered the kidnappers nearby ; a gun battle ensued , and the forces killed all seven abductors . They also freed eight chained up hostages , who told them that militants had moved five more hostages , including Somers , to another location . The Yemeni account did not mention the U.S. Special Forces , but a U.S. official confirmed their participation . CNN , at the request of the government , delayed reporting the information about the raid , so as not to endanger the search for Somers and the other hostages at that time . More on detained Americans	A U.S. and Yemeni special forces raid last week freed hostages but not the American Luke Somers is a photojournalist who was captured in September 2013 Special forces planned the raid , when AQAP militants were seen transferring hostages The militants had split the hostages into two groups two days before the raid
Multicultural , multilingual and multifaceted , there 's more to Miami than meets the eye . Make the most of your stay with these tips . Miami Beach during Spring Break may not be to everyone 's taste . Get around Miami is a sprawling city and exploring it on foot just is n't an option . Unless you 're planning on spending all your time on the beach , you 're probably going to want your own set of wheels . There are car hire places scattered throughout the city , but if you want to cruise Ocean Drive in style you can hire a Harley-Davidson from Peterson 's  19400 NW 2nd Avenue  , from $ 100 a day . But before you hop on that hog , a word of caution : Miami 's motorists have been named the most aggressive in the U.S. for the last two years . If you 're in Downtown , the Metromover is an automated monorail that you can ride for free . It also makes a good vantage point for photographing the surrounding skyscrapers . If you 're out and about in Coral Gables you can take advantage of the recently launched a free shuttle service . Life 's a beach If you 're in Miami , the chances are you 'll be wanting to kick back and soak up some of that glorious Florida sunshine . South Beach is the classic Miami sunning spot , but if you want to avoid the crowds , Sunny Isles Beach , at the northern end of Miami Beach , is a better bet . Nearby , Haulover Beach is another good bet and is "  clothing optional " -- handy if you 're trying for an all-over tan . A little further afield , Key Biscayne , five miles from the mainland , has some great beaches , as does Fort Lauderdale , some 30 miles north of Miami . Do you live in Miami ? Share some insider tips of your own . Breaking point From early March to mid April Miami is plagued by a voracious swarm of college kids on their spring break . These exuberant youngsters descend on South Beach , intent on playing beach volleyball , partying hard and vomiting in public . Unless hanging out with beer-belching frat boys is your thing  and why would n't it be ?  , Miami is best avoided during this period . A city for all seasons Because Miami is a beach destination , it has definite holiday seasons . December to March is the peak season . Hotel prices can double , or even triple , and you 'll need to book well in advance . Summer means guaranteed sunshine , but it also means tropical downpours . It can also be unbearably humid , all of which means plummeting hotel prices . June to November is hurricane season , although Florida has an excellent advance warning system , which you 'd do well to heed . Evergreen Everglades If you can muster the energy to haul yourself off the beach , hire a car and head west to the Evergaldes , a vast , swampy area filled with alligators , flamingoes and hundreds of bird species . Entrance to the Everglade National Park is $ 10 per car , which grants you access to 1.5 million acres of a unique ecosystem . Just off the southern tip of the Everglades are the Florida Keys , a 130-mile-long chain of coral islands linked by the Overseas Highway . These laid back islands are a world away form the frenetic glamour of Miami Beach . The Keys offer fishing , kayaking and snorkeling , as well as some fine beaches .	Miami is a sprawling city -- you 'll need a car if you want to explore it Hotel prices can fluctuate wildly between low season and high season Take a day trip to the Everglades or spend some time in the Florida Keys
It 's a big nation that can take a long hard look at itself and reach the conclusion it might be a bit rude toward tourists . France , which regularly tops lists of countries that are surly to travelers , appears to be waking up to the notion this might not actually be good for business . While not exactly prompting a full-blown existential crisis , the admission does seem to have led to discussions on how to make its boulevards and brasseries more inviting . "  We must rediscover the meaning of hospitality , " Innovation Minister Fleur Pellerin told a tourism conference last week . "  Everyone recognizes we can do better on the welcome and quality of service . " This wo n't be news to anyone who 's visited Paris in recent years and received Gallic shrugs of indifference from waiters or hoteliers . Neither is it the first time that France has done some soul searching about its attitudes . Targeted by pickpockets Last year Parisian tourism and trade officials launched a manual offering advice to service industry employees on how to befriend the various nationalities that flock to the city . Problems apparently persist -- not helped by a 2013 crime wave in which crowds of Chinese tourists were reportedly targeted by pickpockets . A six-day strike by French air traffic controllers that 's expected to create major delays for travelers this week is also unlikely to burnish the nation 's image . Pellerin said France must n't "  rest on its laurels " at a time when the country badly needs the annual $ 16 billion injection that tourism provides to its economy . Her comments came as Laurent Fabius , France 's foreign minister , said in an interview that he wants to push through new measures to attract visitors . He told BFMTV that he was involved with discussions to ease France 's restrictive Sunday trading laws to open up more shops in Paris . Fabius said he hopes improved road and rail links between the capital and Charles de Gaulle Airport will also improve matters . As might a drive to encourage more tourism industry workers to learn other languages . Shifting attitudes Fabius said it 's "  essential " that people understand that any tourist "  whether French or foreign -- is someone we should welcome . " Some , however , say that France is at least making progress . "  I think that , on the whole , French attitudes have shifted and that French people are more courteous with tourists than they used to be , " French commentator and journalist Agnes Poirier told CNN . "  They are also more likely to be able to speak English and give indications . "  It is difficult for Parisians to simply ignore tourists . They know tourists spend a lot , and are a vital element of the country 's prosperity , and should therefore be well treated . "	French ministers say their country could try harder to welcome visitors Fleur Pellerin warns situation must improve or $ 16 billion annual tourism revenues could be hit Plans unveiled to reform restrictive retail hours and drive to improve non-French languages
Boston  CNN  -- Two years ago , James "  Whitey " Bulger -- the famed and much-feared head of the Boston mob -- was sitting pretty in Santa Monica , California . Today , he 's sitting in prison , where he could potentially spend the rest of the life . The turn of events was capped Monday when a federal jury found the former mob boss guilty on 31 of 32 counts -- including extortion , money laundering , drug dealing and weapons possession . The jury held Bulger responsible for the murder of 11 people . The 83-year-old Bulger faces a maximum sentence of up to life , plus 30 years in prison . "  So many peoples ' lives were so terribly harmed by the criminal actions of Bulger and his crew . And today 's conviction does not alter that harm , and it does n't lessen it , " said U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz , speaking about the victims and their families . "  However , we hope that they find some degree of comfort in the fact that today has come , and Bulger is being held accountable for his horrific crimes , " she said . Bulger was accused of involvement in killing 19 people , including two women . Bulger linked to 11 murders The jury found Bulger played a role in 11 of those murders , and that the evidence did not prove he was involved in seven , stretching back to 1973 . The jury made no finding in one murder . Pat Donahue , widow of victim Michael Donahue , cried openly when the verdict was announced . Victim Eddie Connors ' daughter , Karen , clenched her fists and said , "  Yes " when her father 's death by Bulger was proved . But the daughter of victim Francis "  Buddy " Leonard left court after the jury did not find enough evidence to link Bulger to his death . "  Thirty-eight years ago when my father died , we always knew who killed him . We still know who killed him , and we still cant get any justice , " said Connie Leonard , now grown . And victim Debra Davis ' brother , Steven Davis , left in disbelief after the jury had "  no finding " in her death . Debra Davis was dating Bulger partner Steve Flemmi , and one day in 1981 just did n't come home . "  It 's hard to digest . With all the years since ' 81 , I 've been looking for answers , searching for answers , and I come out with an NF . It 's not good enough , " Steven Davis told CNN . "  I put up a big fight for justice , for answers . Some people say closure . I do n't believe in closure , but I believe that I deserve more than an NF . I 'm disappointed , " he said . Their lives had one thing in common : Bulger 16 years on the lam The eight men and four women of the jury deliberated for five days , over more than 32 hours , before reaching their verdict . The only count Bulger was not found guilty of was on the alleged extortion of Kevin Hayes , a ticket broker , who had said he was warned in 1994 that he had to give "  payoffs " to Bulger in order to operate . Bulger showed no emotion as the verdicts were read . They came after seven weeks of testimony about murder , extortion , drug trafficking , loansharking , bookmaking and other gangster crimes covering the time Bulger ran Boston 's Irish mob from the early '70s through late 1994 , when he fled the city . Share your thoughts on the verdict The case closes an epic criminal tale that included a life on the lam for 16 years that began when a crooked FBI agent told Bulger that he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . The gangster who ruled south Boston soon became one of the most wanted men in America . Bulger the FBI informant became Bulger the FBI fugitive . It was the stuff of Hollywood moviemaking , and in fact , Bulger 's mob-boss brutality inspired Jack Nicholson 's character in the film "  The Departed , " which was directed by Martin Scorsese and won four Oscars in 2006 , including best picture . Then , in 2011 , the FBI finally tracked him down : Bulger was living on the other side of the country in an apartment just blocks from the beaches of Santa Monica . He had about $ 822,000 in cash -- largely $ 100 bills -- hidden inside a wall in his apartment , located in a tourist haven right beside Los Angeles . Bulger also kept 30 guns in his residence . Daring to the end , Bulger was hiding in plain sight , living under an alias with his girlfriend . They called themselves Charlie and Carol Gasko . Bulger ` pleased ' by the verdict It was a long fall for Bulger : One of America 's notorious mob bosses was called "  a rat bastard " and "  a coward " by victims ' relatives and former associates who attended or watched the trial . Bulger declined to take the stand to testify in his defense , telling the judge , outside the jury 's presence , that his trial was "  a sham " because he had an immunity deal with federal authorities in exchange for being an informant . The judge had ruled he could n't make that claim during his trial . However , after the verdict , Bulger 's lawyer said that his client was "  very pleased " by both the trial and its outcome . "  It was important to him that the government corruption be exposed , and important to him that people see first hand the deals that the government was able to make with certain people , " attorney Jay Carney told reporters . Bulger 's sentencing is scheduled for November 13 . His girlfriend , Catherine Greig , pleaded guilty in March to charges of conspiracy to harbor a fugitive , identity fraud and conspiracy to commit identity fraud . Her crime was "  the most extreme case " of harboring a fugitive , prosecutors said . Greig , 61 , was sentenced in June to eight years in federal prison . CNN 's Dana Ford , Josh Levs and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Bulger was arrested in 2011 in Santa Monica , California , after some 16 years on the lam NEW : He ran Boston 's Irish mob from the 1970s through the early 1990s NEW : A jury finds Bulger responsible for the murder of 11 people , guilty of racketeering NEW : He could spend the rest of his life behind bars ; Sentencing is set for November
CNN  -- A Philadelphia-area day care center said Thursday that members of a private swim club made racist comments about the center 's children , and the club then canceled their swimming privileges . Some kids from the Creative Steps Day Care center say club members made racial remarks . The Creative Steps Day Care children -- ages kindergarten through seventh grade -- went to the Valley Swim Club in Huntingdon Valley , Pennsylvania , on June 29 . The day center 's director , Alethea Wright , had contracted to use the club once a week . During their first visit , some children said they heard club members asking why African-American children were there . One of the boys told the Philadelphia Inquirer that a woman at the club said she feared the children "  might do something " to her child . Days later , the day care center 's $ 1,950 check was returned without explanation , Wright said . The stepfather of one of the children was filing a complaint against the club with the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission , the panel 's chairman , Stephen Glassman , said Thursday . Watch one of the children say what he heard at the swim club " The commission is investigating the allegations , spokeswoman Shannon Powers said , and will attempt to resolve the conflict out of court . "  Protests and public outcry wo n't do much to help these families , but the Human Relations Commission can determine the facts and hold people accountable for any illegal acts of discrimination , " State NAACP President J. Whyatt Mondesire , who serves as a commission member , said in a press release . Sen. Arlen Specter 's office said the Pennsylvania Democrat has sent a letter to the Valley Swim Club president asking him to reinstate the contract with Creative Steps , saying , "  I think that you would agree that there is no place for racism in America today . " On its Web site , the Valley Club disputed the allegations of racism . "  We had originally agreed to invite the camps to use our facility , knowing full well that the children from the camps were from multi-ethnic backgrounds , " the statement said . "  Unfortunately , we quickly learned that we underestimated the capacity of our facilities and realized that we could not accommodate the number of children from these camps . All funds were returned to the camps and we will re-evaluate the issue at a later date to determine whether it can be feasible in the future . " CNN attempted to speak with club President John Duesler on Thursday . He said he had no comment and asked CNN to leave the club property . But Duesler told two Philadelphia television stations that the children had changed "  the complexion " and "  atmosphere " of the club . A small group of protesters gathered in front of the club Thursday and said they think Duesler 's statements prove that the club 's action was racially motivated . "  I was hoping it would n't be something that was so blatantly apparent . I was hoping that it was overcrowding , " one protester said . "  When I read the statement by the club president , it made it blatant . " Jim Flynn , who said he was one of the club members who made a complaint against the children , said it was not racially motivated . "  There were a lot of children in the pool and not enough lifeguards , " he said . "  As general members , we were not told that they were coming . If we knew , we could decide to not come when the pool was crowded or come anyway . We could have had an option . " He said two other day-care centers , neither of which included minority children , had previously been similarly disinvited . A private Philadelphia boarding school said Thursday that it plans to help the day care center . "  We thought it was appalling what happened , " said Girard College Admissions Director Tamara Leclair . She is meeting with the director of Creative Steps to sign a contract allowing the children to use Girard 's facilities this summer , as early as Monday . "  We 've had a wonderful response . I even received an e-mail from a woman in Florida telling us we did the right thing . "	NEW : Club says facility could not accommodate the number of children Stepdad filing complaint with state Human Relations Commission Day care center made deal to use private club 's pool Kids say members made racist comments ; center 's check is returned
Madrid  CNN  -- Before Sunday 's elections in Catalonia , Artur Mas , president of the region 's parliament , promised a referendum on independence for one of Spain 's most important regions if he won re-election . But after the election , Mas has a more difficult task because his center-right Convergence and Union coalition lost 12 of its 62 seats , a strong setback for a party that was hoping to gain a simple majority in the 135-seat legislative body . The Catalan Republican Left party was the big winner in the elections , winning 21 seats , according to the Catalonia elections web site , which reported 98 % of the votes had been counted . The Catalan Republican Left party also backs independence , and the two parties could form a majority in parliament on the independence issue . They , however , differ on most other issues , especially economic policy . Voters in Catalonia , the most powerful economically of Spain 's 17 regions , heeded the call that these would be historic elections , even if independence was n't on the ballot Sunday . They voted during a deep economic crisis in the eurozone countries , especially in Spain and in Catalonia . Voter turnout was the highest in 24 years for Catalan elections , officials said . The Spanish government in Madrid vows to block any self-determination referendum , arguing that the constitution does not permit a region alone to decide its independence . Last September 11 , an estimated 1.5 million people -- 20 % of Catalonia 's population -- filled the streets of Barcelona , the Catalan capital and Spain 's second-largest city , demanding independence . Soon after , Mas called snap regional elections , two years early . His government already has enacted deep spending cuts trying to balance the regional books and has asked Madrid for $ 6 billion in emergency credit to pay its bills . "  The crisis has made many people in Catalonia desperate , " said Gonzalo Bernardos , a University of Barcelona economist . "  They see a dark future . Then hope springs , that with Catalan independence , things will be better . " Catalonia has its own flag and language -- Catalan -- and various analysts say the economic crisis has brought long-simmering nationalist sentiment to the forefront . Catalans complain of cultural repression and economic sleights by Madrid dating back centuries . With just 16 % of Spain 's population , Catalonia produces 19 % of the nation 's wealth . Catalonia argues that it sends far more in taxes to Madrid than it gets back in central government spending , and that Catalan taxes help support poorer Spanish regions . The regions administer key public services such as health and education , and in Catalonia 's case , also the police and prisons . In addition to Mas ' party , three other major parties will be closely watched as potential power brokers in the new parliament . The Catalan Republican Left doubled its bloc , as it held just 10 seats before the election . The Catalan branches of Spain 's ruling conservative Popular Party -- which opposes independence -- gained one seat , for a total 19 in the new parliament . The main opposition Spanish Socialist Party , which urges a federalist system for the regions , will be the biggest loser , dropping eight seats to 20 representatives . A survey earlier this month by the Catalan government 's polling center showed 57 % of Catalans would vote for independence , a 6 % increase from last June and a 14 % increase from a year and a half ago .	Ruling party had hoped to win enough seats for simple majority Another party that supports independence makes big gains More than a million Catalans demonstrated for independence in September Catalans complain of cultural repression and economic slights dating to centuries
CNN  -- The son of Suriname 's president is facing drug charges in New York federal court . Panamanian authorities detained Dino Bouterse at Tocumen International Airport outside Panama City and handed him over to U.S. authorities , the Central American nation 's foreign ministry said Friday . A federal grand jury indictment alleges that Bouterse , 40 , "  caused a suitcase containing 10 kilograms of cocaine to be transported from Suriname into the Caribbean " in July . Bouterse brandished an anti-tank weapon during the alleged trafficking operation , prosecutors said in a statement Friday . He faces weapons and drug trafficking conspiracy charges that carry a maximum sentence of life in prison , prosecutors said . In a statement Friday , Suriname 's foreign ministry acknowledged Bouterse 's detention but said the reasons for it were unclear . He is the son of Desi Bouterse , a former military strongman who was elected president of the South American nation in 2010 . CNN did not get an immediate response Saturday to messages left for an attorney believed to represent Bouterse . CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	Dino Bouterse faces federal drug and weapons charges in New York Panamanian authorities arrest him , hand him over to U.S. officials Boutserse is the son of Suriname 's president
The Gulf of Mexico 's annual spring-summer "  dead zone " is the size of Connecticut -- slightly smaller now than in recent years but nowhere near the trim scientists had sought , researchers said this week . Scientists ' annual survey found an area of 5,052 square miles of "  low oxygen water , " or hypoxia , off much of Louisiana 's coast and part of Texas , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Monday . The zone is formed by nutrients that wash into the Gulf 's waters -- largely agriculture fertilizer and wastewater coming down the Mississippi River . These boost algae blooms that suck up the oxygen in deep water , according to NOAA and the U.S. Geological Survey . Marine life struggles to find enough oxygen to survive within the zone . Fish and shrimp can migrate to areas with oxygen-rich water , but some life forms in the deep water and ocean floor -- including those that serve as food for the fish and shrimp -- ca n't get out of the zone and eventually die . That hurts biodiversity and makes food hard to come by for the fish and shrimp when they return , said the survey 's leader , Nancy Rabalais , executive director of the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium . Scientists first discovered a dead zone in these waters in 1972 , and it has appeared ever spring and summer since , with varying sizes . This year 's dead zone , measured from July 27 to August 2 , is smaller than the five-year average of 5,550 square miles , and well under 2002 's record 8,481 square miles . But scientists had set a goal of reducing the zone to 1,900 square miles by 2015 -- and this year 's measurement likely means that target wo n't be met , Rabalais said . "  The average we 're targeting against is three times the goal . ... There has n't been any progress in reaching that goal , " she said . Ways to shrink the zone , she said , would include changing agricultural practices , including the timing of fertilization -- ideas that have worked well on the small scale but not , so far , on the large . There 's been no evidence to show that the Gulf of Mexico oil spill of 2010 had any contribution to that year 's dead zone or any subsequent one , Rabalais said . The survey is supported by NOAA and the Environmental Protection Agency . The Gulf of Mexico dead zone is the world 's second-largest caused by humans , Rabalais said . The largest is in the Baltic Sea . "  The number of dead zones throughout the world has been increasing in the last several decades and currently totals over 550 , " Rabalais said . Dead zones amount to an expensive hit for America 's fishing industry . NOAA estimates the annual cost of algae blooms to U.S. seafood and tourism industries at $ 82 million or more . Can oxygen pump breathe life into ocean ` dead zone ? '	The Gulf of Mexico "  dead zone " is caused by an algae blooms that suck up oxygen Scientists first discovered a dead zone in the Gulf in 1972 The number of dead zones across the globe is growing They cost U.S. seafood and tourism industries $ 82 million a year , NOAA estimates
CNN  -- Everyone knows the beach is the thing in Miami , and specifically South Beach , where all the beautiful people go to see and be seen . But what if you 're traveling with children or grandparents or people who do n't want to be covered in suntan lotion and little else all day ? We asked for your recommendations beyond the beach , where you go when you 're not lying on a towel . "  There are so many Miamis to visit when you are here , " one iReporter said . Here are a few of our iReporters ' favorites . The art scene Miami 's vibrant art scene is very much in evidence in Wynwood , where the local arts association has a map to keep track of which artists are in the hood . "  If you are lucky enough to be visiting on the second Saturday of the month , you better make your way over to Wynwood for the local art walk , " writes iReporter Jennifer Ortiz , a Miami native . "  Live music and DJs spin in various galleries throughout the night , often with free beer and other refreshments . Here you 'll witness some of the world 's finest urban art ; muralists and graffiti artists have been brought in from around the globe to use Wynwood as their canvas . " You can also use the map to tour galleries during the day . For a Cuban feel , Oritz recommends heading to Little Havana 's "  Viernes Culturales " on the last Friday of each month . If you prefer the expert 's tour of Little Havana or other parts of Miami , contact HistoryMiami for an organized or private tour . iReport : Share your Santa Fe tips and photos Have a cafe con leche and more Miami 's dynamic food scene now goes beyond everyday Cuban cuisine to fine and experimental dining with local ingredients . "  Hang with the locals at eclectic places like The Electric Pickle , Bardot or The Stage in the Midtown/Design District , " writes iReporter Alain Lantigua , who has lived in the Miami area for most of his life . Other iReporters recommend Sugarcane Raw Bar Grill , in the Arts District , and Sra . Martinez , "  Top Chef " judge Michelle Bernstein 's tapas restaurant . Many little Cuban joints will feed you a good cheap lunch , iReporters tell us , and you can get an excellent Cuban coffee after your meal for half the price of a Starbuck 's . For affordable classic Cuban food , go to South Miami and "  hit Lario 's on a Saturday night for live Cuban music , " Lantigua writes . It 's "  like nothing anywhere else and cheap . "  Be careful not to confuse this location with Lario 's on the Beach , which is in South Beach and probably will be mobbed .  For something a little more upscale , check out Havana Harry 's in Coral Gables . If you 're worried about your lack of knowledge of Cuban cuisine , let Three Guys from Miami teach you what 's what . Communing with nature There are endless opportunities to enjoy Miami outdoors aside from tanning on the beach . You can take a boat tour of celebrities ' island homes in Miami or stroll the grounds at Vizcaya Museum and Gardens . Animal lovers can snorkel in John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park in nearby Key Largo or head to Zoo Miami . Eliza Dash of Parkland , Florida , visits Miami almost every week for the restaurants and beaches , but that 's not what stands out for her . She was fascinated by what she found on her visit to Butterfly World in Coconut Creek , about 45 minutes north . "  More than 70 species of butterflies , humming bird and lorikeet aviaries and a very peaceful garden takes the cake ! " she writes on iReport.com . "  It may be said that this is one man 's hobby gone wild , but I say what a way to connect  with  nature ! " Do n't dis South Beach Although some locals may sneer at the tourists visiting Miami 's most famous beach , the crowds who choose South Beach are clearly enjoying a meal , dancing the night away and staying at the trendy hotels . The South Beach experience is a must , whether you get a drink at Mango 's or the Perry  known as the Gansevoort until this year  . "  Get a blackberry mojito at Sushi Samba on Lincoln Road or a generous pour of scotch at Segafredo and people watch , " Lantigua writes . "  If you want to hit a club , the place to go is LIV . Guarantee your entrance by purchasing tickets in advance . " Jeffrey Moellering of Clearwater , Florida , appreciates the Clevelander 's outdoor space , which "  features a large deck area with a pool , live music and the best people watching panorama right in the heart of the district . The adjacent hotel is also a quite adequate and reasonably priced place to stay . " South Beach culture For a break from the beach scene , head to the New World Symphony 's new campus , designed by Frank Gehry in close collaboration with symphony artistic director Michael Tilson Thomas . Miami native Melissa Lopez , who now lives in nearby Kendall , says the symphony offers many free outside movies and concerts . "  Bring a blanket ! " she writes . Miami Beach 's art deco architecture is worth a visit . "  I enjoy walking , dining and shopping on Lincoln Road as well as walking and dining on Ocean Drive along the Art Deco hotels , " writes iReporter Robert Ondrovic , of Pound Ridge , New York . If you 'd like a guide on your walking tour , join the Miami Design Preservation League 's daily art deco tour . "  The architecture of these buildings is something no one should miss when in the Miami area , " writes Matt Colver of Castle Rock , Colorado . Do you live or vacation in the Miami area ? Share your tips in the comments below .	Make your way to Wynwood for the monthly art walk Head to Lario 's or Havana Harry 's for Cuban cuisine Take a boat tour to see celebrity island homes Take a tour of art deco structures in Miami Beach
Two lawsuits say the national chapter of the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity allowed a culture of "  violent misogyny " after an internal email from the Georgia Tech chapter leaked last year instructing fraternity members on how to lure "  rapebait . " The lawsuits were filed Thursday in an Atlanta court on behalf of two anonymous women -- listed as Jane Doe and June Doe -- alleging they were sexually assaulted in separate incidents in 2012 and 2014 at the Georgia Tech chapter fraternity house based on a fraternity playbook for targeting women . The Phi Kappa Tau national chapter , the now suspended local chapter and the chapter adviser are named as defendants in both lawsuits . These are n't lawsuits "  against the perpetrator . The student was pursued by the school and expelled .  Phi Kappa Tau  failed to take action and allowed a dangerous environment to fester , allowing the rape of two women , " Cari Simon , the attorney representing the two women , told CNN on Friday . Simon 's firm said the same fraternity member was involved in both incidents . No criminal charges have been filed , the fraternity said . "  The complaints highlight an offensive email and disturbing statements made in 2013 by chapter members and attempt to somehow link the alleged sexual assaults in 2012 and 2014 to that conduct , " the fraternity said in a statement . "  The Fraternity is disappointed that the plaintiffs ' attorney chose to exploit the hypersensitivity of today 's college environment towards sexual assault by drafting the complaints in a manner that sensationalizes completely inappropriate statements , while at the same time alleging that a Georgia Tech student committed criminal rapes of two different women . " Simon , the plaintiffs ' attorney , said , "  I totally agree that the language is salacious , but it 's the words of their own members . " She said the suits were seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages . Opinion : ` Rapebait ' email reveals dark side of frat culture The leaked email contained references to using alcohol as a means of sexual persuasion and attracted the attention of online communities and social media sites . The fraternity member who wrote the email apologized in Georgia Tech 's student newspaper last year . Identified only as "  Matthew , " he said that he was his chapter 's social chair and that the email was a joke and should never have been written in the first place . Matthew wrote the email but is not the person accused of sexual assault . "  Misogynistic behavior is everywhere online and unfortunately , my attempt to ridicule it in an immature and outrageous satire backfired terribly and in a manner I mistakenly underestimated , " he wrote in the Technique , the student newspaper . The school 's chapter was disbanded for three years over accusations of sexual assault in March , Georgia Tech said . Georgia Tech , which was n't named as a defendant in the lawsuits , had no comment on the litigation .	Lawsuits allege two women sexually assaulted at Georgia Tech frat house Suits say national chapter of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity allowed a culture of "  violent misogyny " Suits cite leaked email from Georgia Tech chapter on how member could lure "  rapebait " School 's chapter was disbanded for three years in March after sex assault allegations
London  CNN  -- England soccer captain John Terry will be charged with racially abusing another player , the UK 's Crown Prosecution Service said Wednesday . The incident concerns comments the Chelsea footballer allegedly made to Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand in a recent English Premier League match . "  I have today advised the Metropolitan Police Service that John Terry should be prosecuted for a racially aggravated public order offense following comments allegedly made during a Premier League football match between Queens Park Rangers and Chelsea on 23 October 2011 , " said Alison Saunders , Chief Crown Prosecutor for London . "  I am satisfied there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest to prosecute this case . " Footballers are TV stars , and should act like it ... Terry will appear before magistrates in west London on February 1 , 2012 , she added . The maximum penalty for the offense is Â # 2,500  $ 3,900  . In August , the Chelsea defender was reported in the UK 's Daily Telegraph to have signed a new deal with the club worth Â # 150,000  $ 235,000  a week . The London-born defender denied the allegations . "  I am disappointed with the decision to charge me and hope to be given the chance to clear my name as quickly as possible , " Terry said in a statement issued through the Press Association . "  I have never aimed a racist remark at anyone and count people from all races and creeds among my closest friends . "  I will fight tooth and nail to prove my innocence . I have campaigned against racism and believe there is no place for it in society . " Profile : Chelsea 's iconic leader Chelsea Football Club also gave its support for Terry : "  John has made it clear he denies the charge and is determined to do all he can to prove his innocence , " the club said in a statement . "  Chelsea FC has always been fully supportive of John in this matter and there is no question that we will continue to be so . "  The club finds all forms of discrimination abhorrent and we are proud of the work we undertake campaigning on this important issue . Chelsea will not be commenting further on the subject while the legal process runs its course . " Terry 's position as England captain has come under scrutiny since the allegations were made , and the court case will come before the team 's next match at home to the Netherlands on February 29 . The English Football Association declined to comment on Wednesday , but its former chief executive David Davies said the ruling body might take action later if Terry is found guilty . "  The FA would most certainly go down that road , " Davies told CNN . "  England is the country which first embraced the idea of using the power of football to face racism back in the 1990s . England has not , unlike many other countries , swept this issue under the carpet . "  He can most certainly still play for England , as things stand . You always start with the premise of innocence until proven guilty . He will , to be sure , fight these charges with a vehemence . " The prosecutor 's decision to charge Terry came one day after the FA found Liverpool striker Luis Suarez guilty of racially abusing Manchester United player Patrice Evra in October . The Uruguay international was suspended for eight matches and fined Â # 40,000  $ 63,000  after a seven-day hearing by an independent regulatory commission . He has 14 days to appeal the punishment , the FA said . The commission found that Suarez "  used insulting words towards Mr. Evra " and that those words "  included a reference to Mr. Evra 's color , " the FA statement said . Liverpool FC issued a statement saying it was "  very surprised and disappointed " with the decision . "  We find it extraordinary that Luis can be found guilty on the word of Patrice Evra alone when no one else on the field of play -- including Evra 's own Manchester United teammates and all the match officials -- heard the alleged conversation between the two players , " the club said . "  We will study the details reasons of the commission once they become available , but reserve our right to appeal or take any other course of action we feel appropriate with regards to this situation . " Suarez did not specify what he said , but had previously said it was n't offensive .	England soccer captain John Terry charged with racially abusing another player Incident concerns comments player allegedly made to QPR player Anton Ferdinand Terry denies charges ; Chelsea Football Club issues statement backing him Terry will appear before magistrates in London on February 1 , 2012
BETHESDA , Maryland  CNN  -- Josh Winston is a self-described problem solver . From his spacious office on the seventh floor of a high-rise building in Bethesda , Maryland , he fills out tax returns and keeps the books balanced for a number of his accounting clients . Josh Winston stands outside the 1983 RV he was converting to run on vegetable oil . "  Everything on the left always equals everything on the right . For math-oriented people and musicians like me , that 's very satisfying , " he says . Four years ago , Winston was watching a late-night news program and saw a segment about converting diesel vehicles to run on alternative fuels . That night , Winston was hooked . He ordered a conversion kit for $ 900 and proceeded to convert a truck to run on used vegetable oil -- just to see if he could . Soon after , he converted his 1998 Jetta and affixed a sticker to the rear bumper that said , "  This vehicle runs on straight vegetable oil . " "  For a single bumper sticker , I was surprised at how many people stopped me and said , ` Hey , how do you do that ? ' " Before taking on his first conversion , he had n't worked on a car since his 1978 Plymouth Volare -- which he drove in college . By Winston 's estimate , there are fewer than 10,000 vehicles on the road that have undergone these diesel conversions . Now , he sells and installs his own kits -- and he 's the only person in the Washington , D.C. , area to offer the service . Though his side business , named "  Feed My Wheels dot com , " has only converted a handful of vehicles , he recently took on his largest project by far -- a 1983 Itasca RV . "  There 's a lot of trial and error , " says Winston . Watch the "  problem solver " at work " Over the course of two days , Winston ran into many a problem . First , the batteries kept dying . Later , there was an issue with the alternator . By the end of Day 2 , as Winston was preparing to fill a 40-gallon veggie-oil tank in the RV with recycled oil from a Chinese food restaurant , a neighbor watching him tipped over an 80-gallon holding tank , spilling tens of gallons of brown , smelly oil down his street . "  It 's OK , " Winston quipped , "  earthworms love this stuff . " After nearly 50 hours of cutting and reattaching hoses , Winston managed to get the RV running and successfully switched over to the vegetable oil tank . He claims that veggie-oil emissions are about half of those of petroleum-based diesel fuel . "  If you 're emitting half the carbon dioxide that our neighbor is , that means one of two things : Either your neighbor can drive twice as much , or you 're having a significant positive impact on the environment , " Winston says . "  In some small way , we 're contributing to saving the environment . It 's going to save a glacier somewhere . "	"  Problem solver " converts vehicles to run on vegetable oil , not diesel A 1983 RV recently became this converter 's largest project Recycled vegetable oil for RV came from Chinese food restaurant Small steps can add up : "  It 's going to save a glacier somewhere "
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Fearing for people 's safety , Iranian opposition leaders canceled a demonstration planned for the anniversary of last year 's disputed presidential election , according to a statement posted on Facebook Thursday . The protests were to have taken place Saturday . Iranians went to the polls a year ago on that day , and when word of fraud surfaced , so did public outrage . Widespread unrest gripped the Islamic republic as protesters clashed with police . But the hard-line government 's crackdown on the opposition -- known as the Green Movement and led by former presidential candidates Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrubi -- has been , at times , brutal . And the government has steadily been tightening its grip throughout the year , said a report issued Thursday by Human Right Watch , which has been monitoring the situation through interviews with people in Iran . The government and police had issued warnings to Iranians not to participate in any gatherings Saturday . A joint statement posted on Moussavi 's Facebook page said that it was obvious to the opposition that if "  innocent and defenseless " people took to the streets Saturday , they would once again be met with violence . Green Movement supporters have always said they seek democratic reforms and civil rights , not violence . "  By considering the report of the representatives of reformist parties and also for the safety of the people , we are announcing that the planned demonstration will not be held , " the statement said . "  We ask the people and the protesters to demand and follow up on their rightful demands and requests through less costly and more effective methods . " Iran 's anti-government demonstrations started out strong but have limped along in recent months as security forces have sought to silence the voices of dissent . Human Rights Watch said the current atmosphere inside the country is markedly different than the images of defiance that filled the internet and television screens starting a year ago . "  While the international community has focused on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Tehran has been methodically crushing all forms of dissent inside the country , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Journalists , lawyers , and civil society activists who used to speak to foreign media and human rights groups are increasingly reluctant , fearing phone and internet surveillance , " he said in a statement released with the latest report . The rights group says that Iran 's crackdown extends beyond election protesters . The 19-page report lists abuses including arbitrary arrests , extra-judicial killings , rapes , torture and violations of the rights to freedom of assembly and expression . Scores of journalists and human rights activists have been targeted , the report says , and the government has executed at least seven Kurdish political dissidents , while more than a dozen still sit on death row . Iran has defended its record before the United Nations Human Rights Council . Mohammad Javad Larijani , the secretary general of Iran 's High Council for Human Rights , has said that the government only goes after those who incite violence . "  Nobody is jailed because of the protest , " Larijani told CNN in February . "  The only reason for jailing is the violence which was attached with the protests . Any government has a duty to bring an end to the violence . I think the beating of our police is much more less than the New York and Los Angeles police . " Moussavi and Karrubi had called weeks ago for demonstrations on June 12 , to mark the controversial election that returned hard-liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the presidency . On Thursday , they rebutted claims that the opposition movement had been greatly diminished . "  The policy makers , more than anyone , realize this fact that the movement is alive and the true honor of it belongs to those who , despite all the threats and dangers , the insecurities and also knowing the potential life-threatening and financial consequences , still have not given up on their rightful protest , " they said . Despite the call to cancel Saturday 's demonstration , some Iranians told CNN they would go out on the streets if they see protests taking shape , making the scope of the protests , if any , difficult to predict .	Opposition leaders fear more violence if protests take place Demonstration planned for first anniversary of disputed election Marred voting gave rise to Iran 's opposition movement It 's not clear whether protesters will still take to the streets Saturday
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security has more contractors working for it than full-time employees , a situation two members of Congress said Tuesday was "  unacceptable , untenable and unsustainable . " Sen. Joseph Lieberman , the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , and ranking Republican Susan Collins said they were "  astounded " to learn there are more than 200,000 contractor employees at the department . The civilian work force of Homeland Security numbers 188,000 , according to an estimate provided to the senators by Homeland Security . In a letter sent Tuesday to the agency 's Secretary Janet Napolitano , Lieberman and Collins said the figure "  raises the question of whether DHS itself is in charge of its programs and policies , or whether it inappropriately has ceded core decisions to contractors . " Although Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut , and Collins of Maine noted that contractors can offer a variety of needed assets and skills to federal agencies , they called the current balance between federal employees and contractors at Homeland Security "  unacceptable , untenable and unsustainable , " according to the letter . Napolitano is slated to appear before the Senate committee Wednesday and is expected to face questions on the subject . The senators want a unit-by-unit breakdown of where in Homeland Security the contractors are working and have asked for assurances that contractors are not performing "  inherently governmental work . " Clark Stevens , a spokesman for Homeland Security , told CNN Tuesday that "  Secretary Napolitano has been strongly committed to decreasing the department 's reliance on contractors and strengthening the federal work force " at Homeland Security . "  Over the past year , we have been actively converting contractor positions to government positions and will continue to build on these efforts at an even more aggressive pace this year . We are working across the department to identify and make additional conversions as quickly as possible while sustaining the work force required to carry out our critical mission , " Stevens said .	Sens. Joseph Lieberman , Susan Collins call situation "  unacceptable , untenable " Department of Homeland Security has more than 200,000 contract workers Full-time civilian employees at DHS number 188,000 Lawmakers fear DHS "  inappropriately has ceded core decisions to contractors "
