CNN  -- Clashing priorities of jobs versus the environment are provoking questions about how far the nation should go to promote clean energy alternatives like solar and wind power . "  The actual debate happening in the United States is not hard to understand , " wrote Matthew Yglesias on the Center for American Progress Action Fund 's blog . "  We 're having an argument about whether doubling-down on fossil fuel extraction or promoting efficiency and renewal energy would be better economic policy . " Each side has its experts . On one hand , economists at the University of Massachusetts believe large-scale investment in clean energy would create about three to four times as many jobs as the same money would in fossil fuel industry . On the other hand , expanding development of oil and natural gas resources would create 1.1 million jobs and $ 127 billion in government revenue by 2020 , according to a new Wood Mackenzie study cited by the American Petroleum Institute . Those numbers could benefit the nation 's budget and some of America 's 14 million unemployed . Charles T. Drevna of the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association summed up his stance in an editorial for the Washington political web site , The Hill : "  It 's time for America to develop an energy policy based on reality rather than ideology , grounded in what works rather than in hopes and dreams . " As political pressure rises inside the White House to slash unemployment , Courtney Hight -- a former member of the White House Council on Environmental Quality -- says she doubts now whether President Obama is "  seeing the opportunity for job growth within some of these clean energy standards and policies . " Defending Obama 's environmental record , White House spokesman Clark Stevens pledged the administration "  will continue to take steps to meet the president 's important goals of protecting the health of our families , increasing our nation 's clean energy generation , reducing our reliance on foreign oil , and supporting American industries and innovation . " Criticism of Obama 's clean energy initiatives resulted in the resignation of an administration energy official this week after solar panel maker Solyndra -- which got about a half billion dollars in federal loan guarantees -- went bankrupt . On Thursday , Obama defended government help for clean energy companies because they 're "  part of that package of technologies of the future that have to be based here in the United States . " The president said Europe and China are outpacing the U.S. in clean energy because their governments are offering incentives . Many smaller U.S. clean energy companies , he said , find it difficult to find private investors . Environmental ` gut check time ' for Obama ? Nonetheless , environmentalists say they 're worried about other clean energy issues . The State Department is poised to decide later this year whether to approve a permit for a Canadian company to build a new oil pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to Texas , which supporters say will increase jobs and energy independence . In a move last month that angered much of the environmental community , Obama decided to delay implementing EPA rules limiting smog from vehicles , power plants and factories . Business leaders applauded the decision , saying the rules would have killed jobs . Poll : Alternative energy trumps fossil fuel So , what do Americans think ? Most  63 %  say developing alternative energy sources should be a higher priority than expanding fossil fuel exploration and production , according to a Pew Research Center study . For so-called "  main street Republicans , " that number is 66 % . Less than half  48 %  of all Americans believe global warming is a proven fact caused mostly by cars , power plants and factories , according to a CNN/ORC poll . For self-described independent voters , that number is 38 % . "  There 's really no evidence at all that most people see a conflict between environmental protection and job creation in fact in many ways they see them going hand in hand , " said Democratic pollster Mark Mellman . As for Election Day politics , Obama is unlikely to lose many votes over his environmental record , Mellman says , because most environmentalists will find themselves with few acceptable alternatives . Obama 's 2012 GOP rivals include candidates who doubt that climate change is real and who favor eliminating the EPA . What Obama does risk is voter turnout and enthusiasm -- key factors that helped him win in 2008 . To what extent will clean energy advocates try to convince their friends , relatives , co-workers and colleagues at the water cooler or at cocktail parties or barbeques that they ought to vote for the president ? "  I think many of them will , " says Mellman . "  The question is , how many of them will ? And I think that is influenced to some extent by the administration 's policy decisions . "	Refiners urge energy policy "  based on reality " Economist : Clean energy investments create more jobs Study : Expanding fossil fuel industry would equal 1.1 million jobs by 2020 White House pledges to take steps toward "  clean energy generation "
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A Philadelphia judge threw out three of the seven first-degree murder charges against Dr. Kermit Gosnell , the abortion clinic doctor accused of performing illegal late-term abortions at a bedraggled facility . Common Pleas Court Judge Jeffery P. Minehart also tossed all five abuse of corpse charges levied against the 72-year-old physician for storing the feet of aborted fetuses in plastic containers in his defunct Women 's Medical Society clinic in West Philadelphia . Minehart also dismissed one count of infanticide , the intentional killing of an infant . Gosnell originally faced eight counts of murder for the deaths of seven babies and a 41-year-old Virginia woman , Karnamaya Mongar , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . He has pleaded not guilty . Authorities allege that some of the infants were born viable and alive during the sixth , seventh and eighth months of pregnancy and then were killed with scissors , which were used to cut their spinal cords . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . Victim 's daughter offers emotional testimony in trial of abortion doctor Defense attorney Jack McMahon has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , he said , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering the drug Digoxin , which can cause abortion . "  Digoxin , fetal demise , no heartbeat , " barked McMahon , his mouth pressed in a flat line as he stood next to his client with a hand on his hip . "  Everybody wants it to be something else , but that 's the evidence . " McMahon also argued that Gosnell was saving the jars containing fetal remains for DNA testing in possible rape cases and other study , he said . Along with an examination chair with stirrups facing the jury box , a sonogram machine and other medical devices are on display in the center of the courtroom . During the afternoon session , the courtroom swelled with onlookers , including members of a law class from nearby Drexel University and anti-abortion supporters who traveled from across the eastern seaboard . After Tuesday 's proceedings , a priest and other spectators offered words of encouragement to prosecutors Joanne Pescatore and Edward Cameron . Day Gardner , founder and president of the National Black Pro-Life Union , who attended several days of the trial , said she is "  disappointed " about the tossed charges . "  The judge made his decision based on what he thinks they  prosecutors  can prove . That 's the only thing we can hold onto , " said Gardner , who traveled from Washington . "  I 'm here because this man preyed on poor women in the black community . He thinks no one should care , but I do . " A grand jury investigation determined that health and licensing officials had received reports about Gosnell 's practices for two decades but had taken no action , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . When authorities searched Gosnell 's office , they found bags and bottles holding aborted fetuses scattered throughout the building . Jars containing the severed feet of babies lined a shelf . Furniture and equipment was bloodstained , dusty and broken . The city 's Chief Medical Examiner Sam Gulino told jurors this month that he had to examine the remains of 47 aborted fetuses that were stored in water jugs , pet food containers and a freezer inside the abortion clinic as part of the investigation into the charges against Gosnell . Medical examiner had to thaw fetal remains in Philly abortion doctor case Minehart also dismissed six of the nine counts of theft by deception against Gosnell co-defendant Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at the Women 's Medical Society . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is not charged with performing abortions but with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " Meanwhile , a gag order remains in place preventing attorneys or the jury from speaking to the media . If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death .	Dr. Kermit Gosnell accused of performing illegal abortions in Philadelphia He still faces four charges of first-degree murder Authorities say some infants were born viable and alive Defense attorney says doctor administered abortion drug
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The pervasive smoke spewing from the junk heap at Balad Air Force Base in Iraq is causing many returning troops to be concerned about the effects on their long-term health . The U.S. military burns waste -- including medical waste -- in pits near an Air Force base in Iraq . For four years , the burn pit was a festering dump , spewing acrid smoke over the base , including housing and the hospital . Until three incinerators were installed , the smelly pit was the only place to dispose of trash , including plastics , food and medical waste . "  At the peak , before they went to use the real industrial incinerators , it was about 500,000 pounds a day of stuff , " according to a transcript of an April 2008 presentation by Dr. Bill Halperin , who heads the Occupational and Environmental Health Subcommittee at the Defense Health Board . "  The way it was burned was by putting jet fuel on it . " A lawsuit filed against the burn pit operators by a contractor alleges the burn pit also contained body parts . Watch burn pits spew black smoke " "  Wild dogs in the area raided the burn pit and carried off human remains . The wild dogs could be seen roaming the base with body parts in their mouths , " says the lawsuit filed in Texas federal court . Aside from Balad , there are similar pits at bases elsewhere in Iraq and Afghanistan . Some still have no incinerators . ` Iraqi crud ' Many of the soldiers who went through Balad since the beginning of the war had become used to "  Iraqi crud , " as they dubbed the symptom . "  I had a chronic cough , irritation , shortness of breath , " said Dr. Chris Coppola , an Air Force surgeon who worked on base in 2005 and again in 2007 , "  I was coughing up phlegm , sometimes black stuff and dust . " While Coppola said he did n't work in the burn pit , he knew the medical waste was going there . "  In 2005 , our hospital waste was n't segregated , " he said . "  Our trash went out the door and went into the burn pit . " By the time Coppola returned for his next tour , the hospital did separate its medical waste for disposal elsewhere , he said . Coppola said that when he worked at the base hospital , the emergency room had frequent visits for "  respiratory complaints , complaining of the coughing and breathing issues . " Since he 's been back from Iraq , Coppola said he feels "  very healthy . " But other soldiers said they can not shake the symptoms and they suspect the burn pit smoke is the cause . Dennis Gogel was stationed in Balad twice between 2004 and 2006 . He said he was in housing just a few hundred yards from the pit and would often jog past the pit . The 29-year old Gogel said that in the last two years he 's had upper respiratory infections , skin irritation and he 's lost 60 pounds since deployment . "  I have blotchy spots on my face . I was treated for psoriasis , but it wo n't go way , " he said . Gogel said his doctors do not know what caused the problems . "  You expect when you get to a new environment you would feel the effect , but it should get out of the system , " he said . Gogel said it has affected his fitness , too . "  I used to run two miles in 10 minutes . I am up to 17 , " he said . Gogel has recently joined a class action lawsuit against the company contracted to handle waste disposal . Just months after returning home from his first tour in Iraq in 2006 , Maj. Kevin Wilkins developed headaches , but did not see a doctor . Soon after his second Iraq tour in 2007 , Wilkins -- a registered nurse in the Air Force reserve -- died of an advanced brain tumor . He was 51 . His widow , Jill , suspects the burn pit at Balad . While the cause of his brain tumor is not known , Jill Wilkins was told by doctors who worked with her husband at a Florida emergency room that exposure to chemicals like those that come from burning trash is a potential risk . "  Kevin was in perfect health before he went to Iraq , " Wilkins said . "  He 's always been in good health , a healthy eater , exercises on a regular basis . There was not one thing wrong with him when he went to Iraq . " Wilkins is trying to show the cause was service related so she can get access to her husband 's pension , medical insurance and other benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs . Concerning memos , questionable tests One reason many soldiers suspect the burn pit is a widely circulated 2006 memo in which an environmental engineer cited a still-classified study labeling the pit "  the worst environmental site I have personally visited . " The memo , written by Lt. Col Darrin Curtis , a bioenvironmental engineering flight commander , concluded "  there is an acute health hazard for individuals . " "  There is also the possibility for chronic health hazards associated with the smoke , " Curtis said . The memo is co-signed by Lt. Col James Elliott , chief , Aeromedical Services , who wrote that he concurred with Curtis ' memo . "  In my professional opinion , the known carcinogens and respiratory sensitizers released into the atmosphere by the burn pit present both an acute and a chronic health hazard to our troops and the local populations , " Elliott said . More alarm was raised in the military community when the initial draft of results from a 2007 study was released with a math error , overstating the dioxin levels tested by 1,000 times . The report was circulated by the military 's U.S. Army Center for Health Promotion and Preventive Medicine "  in the interest of transparency and the fact that they needed this information very quickly in order to answer service members ' concerns , " said Craig Postlewaite of the force readiness and health assurance office at the Department of Defense . But Postlewaite said the error has been corrected and the data re-analyzed . A new test and report will be out soon . The military said smoke from the pit exposed troops to toxic emissions , including low levels of cancer-causing dioxins . But its tests indicate there is no long-term danger , officials said . "  The data indicate that there are no substances above a health threshold that should generate any long-term health risks , including cancer , " Postlewaite said . At the Pentagon 's Force Health Protection Directorate , officials analyzed more than 160 air samples and concluded , in a soon to be released report , that the only risk is of temporary respiratory distress , nothing that poses a long-term threat . "  We have looked at respiratory health complaints for people that have been assigned to Balad . These complaints , by and large , are temporary in nature , most of them involve eye irritation , irritation of the upper respiratory passages , possibly a cough , " Postlewaite said . "  We know just right here in the United States for people that are around those kinds of conditions , like firemen , this is not unusual . But we feel that the data support the fact that these all should be temporary in nature . " A review of the findings by the military 's advisory group of medical scientists and doctors concurred with the report 's conclusions . However , in the general findings , the report questioned whether the conclusions would hold "  when more thorough analysis is conducted . " But a spokeswoman for the military said the final report , expected this week , will find the testing conducted was sufficient and conclusive . The reviewing panel also expressed concerns about how pervasive the burn pits were , according to a meeting transcript of the advisory group . "  It seems like there may be something systematic going on here in terms of waste disposal techniques going on in the -LSB- war -RSB- theater , " notes Dr. Mark Brown , director of Environmental Agents Services at the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  You could n't get away with this kind of waste disposal here in the United States . Pits still in use The concern about the pits was first reported in the Military Times . Upon seeing that article , Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , wrote to Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East , to express his concern about the smoke 's effect on troops . Petraeus responded citing the military findings , but said burn pits are necessary . "  There is and will continue to be a need for burn pits during contingency operations , " Petraeus wrote back to Feingold in a letter provided to CNN . Five years into the Iraq war , many bases still do not have incinerators . There are 17 solid waste incinerators , two hazardous waste incinerators and 24 medical waste incinerators operational in Iraq , according to the military . Another 23 are under construction with some not scheduled to be completed until the end of 2009 . In Afghanistan , where the United States has been fighting since 2001 , there are no incinerators . "  Our military leaders in Afghanistan are in the process of designing treatment/disposal facilities for solid waste , " Petraeus wrote to Feingold . Feingold said he awaits the latest report . "  I remain concerned that service members may become sick as a result of exposure to fumes at Balad Air Base and potentially other bases in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Feingold said . "  Service members who serve at the base for more than a year could still be in jeopardy as a result of exposure to the fumes . " CNN 's Mike Mount and Jamie McIntyre contributed to this report .	Troops worry smoke from waste burn pits carries toxins Plastics , food and medical waste from base among trash burned Troops stationed at U.S. base call coughing caused by smoke "  Iraqi crud " Pentagon says any harmful health affects from smoke are temporary
CNN  -- In an upstate New York town ravaged by the wrathful remnants of Hurricane Irene in late August , 12 displaced families will break bread together at Thanksgiving dinner . "  We are trying to rebuild , " said Ken Aurigema , who with the help of his family will be cooking for at least 30 people Thursday at the Catskill Christian Assembly , one of the few structures in the small town of Prattsville to survive the devastation of the storm and its enduring aftermath . Upstate New York faced some of the worst and most extensive amount of flooding in Irene 's fury , along with New Jersey and Vermont , said Chris Vaccaro spokesman for the National Weather Service . Over 7 million homes and businesses from North Carolina northward up the Eastern Seaboard lost power in the record-setting 10th billion-dollar disaster for the United States this year , Vaccaro said . Irene broke the previous record of nine billion-dollar disasters set in 2008 . The estimated damage is more than $ 7.3 billion dollars total . "  Wind is not the only threat -- inland flooding can be one of the deadliest hazards within a tropical storm , " Vaccaro said . Most of the families dining together Thursday previously lived in one of the 15 now-unoccupied houses along Main Street , where creek swelling and flood damage turned those structures into wrecked skeletons of homes that need rebuilding , or that have been condemned . The dinner invitation extends across Greene County to neighboring towns including Lexington and Windham , where countless homes and businesses also were destroyed . This was the first time a hurricane made landfall in the New York area since Hurricane Gloria struck Long Island in 1985 . Hurricane Bob in 1991 came just shy of touching down east of the Long Island 's twin forks . What began as a Category 1 hurricane in North Carolina had weakened into a tropical storm when it made a second landfall in New York 's Coney Island , and continued northward through Connecticut , Massachusetts and then Vermont . "  The Northeast is prone to witnessing a tropical storm system , it 's not just Florida the Gulf or  the  Carolinas . If you live along  the  coastline east or south , you are susceptible , " Vaccaro told CNN . "  Irene was a reminder of that , " he said . Thanksgiving dinner host Aurigema , an electrical contractor who lost his truck , tools , and customers to Irene , had been living in Greene County with his wife and son for 16 years before the storm slashed through his tiny town . Irene demolished the first floor of his Prattsville home , drowned his foundation in creek backwash and waterlogged his floor with three feet of flooding that soon after became caked mud . Having also directed the Catskill Christian Academy for 16 years , Aurigema is grateful the ministry has let him and his family take solace on their grounds for the past two months . He hopes to be out during December , by the 15th or by Christmas . When he drives down Main Street , Aurigema said , "  It 's hard to comprehend how you are going to rebuild the town . " "  When I leave at night , it 's sad to see none of the stores being open . I think for the most part we are on the mend ; I am worried about how many people are going to move back here . " Some 20 mom-and-pop businesses , even the grocery store , were out of commission for weeks after Irene shredded the edges of nearby Schoharie Creek , Prattsville town spokesman Al Creazzo told CNN . Shaun Groden , Greene County administrator said , "  There was complete devastation , the entire village , there was not a single building in the entire town that went unscathed . Most were half knocked off  their  foundation , or worse , collapsed . " "  There are still houses boarded up , probably just awaiting the wrecking ball , " said Groden . Groden explained that the Federal Emergency Management Agency has categorized most of the damaged structures as being in what are now deemed flood zones , and that banks are reluctant to finance rebuilding in these zones , for fear of future flooding . "  The question is , can you literally pick up a home and move a quarter mile back to get it off the bank ? " Groden asked . From a municipal planning standpoint , he said , the reconstruction could take months . According to spokeswoman Rachel Racusen , FEMA has approved a total of more than $ 93 million in assistance to individuals affected by Hurricane Irene , to date . Creazzo said FEMA would be "  rolling in houses " in about two weeks , with between 20 and 22 temporary homes arriving for Prattsville residents . He explained that in the meantime , displaced families have been staying with relatives and friends . "  In these towns , the families go back generations on generations . There is always someone living close by . " Slowly but surely , Creazzo said , businesses are beginning to show signs of life . "  First the supermarket , then Beth 's CafÃ © , and Kenny opened up the Tavern last week , " he said , with the ring of small-town familiarity in his words . As it does every year , the town is working hard to finish projects before the winter . The asphalt contractors are closing up shop in time for Thanksgiving , and all roads left unpaved will be gravel through the winter months . They have already replaced six of the eight bridges lost in the flood with temporary structures that Groden anticipated will hold through spring . Aurigema told CNN he is impressed by how the people of the Prattsville community have come together . "  That 's why we decided to stay up here , " he said . Since day one , facing the aftermath of the devastating storm , family , friends and neighbors lent their hands and their shovels to clear the mud out of his family 's home . "  We are coming back to life , little by little , " Aurigema said . On the more immediate topic of side dishes , table fixings and how to prepare a meal for 30 or more hungry mouths , Aurigema said , "  Well , we do n't know ! " "  We are a big family and we are used to cooking for large groups . We are just grateful to give back to the community we love . " On the menu for Thanksgiving in Prattsville are turkey , corn , beans , potatoes , stuffing , yams , pies and cookies and -- Aurigema 's brother 's favorite -- macaroni and cheese .	The small town of Prattsville in upstate New York was ravaged by Irene On Thursday , residents -- many still displaced -- will gather for Thanksgiving "  We are coming back to life , little by little , " says Prattsville resident Ken Aurigema
CNN  -- Freed hostages Jessica Buchanan and Poul Thisted arrived at a U.S. base in Sicily Thursday , a day after being rescued in a U.S. military raid in Somalia , a spokesman for the base said . The pair are now at Naval Air Station Sigonella , said the base 's public affairs officer , Lt. Tim Page . U.S. special operations forces parachuted into Somalia from airplanes in the early hours of Wednesday morning , then advanced on foot to a compound where the two kidnapped international aid workers were being held and freed them , U.S. officials said . The nine gunmen holding the hostages were killed , the officials said . Kidnappers seized Buchanan , 32 , and Thisted , 60 , on October 25 in the central Somali town of Galkayo after they visited humanitarian projects there , said the Danish Refugee Council , the agency for which they work . Neither was harmed , the aid group said . Buchanan was going through what the U.S. military called "  Phase II " reintegration of former hostages , according to a senior defense official . In most cases , the former hostage will undergo "  more complete medical exams and formal , structured debriefings , " the official said . "  An inherent and critical part of the reintegration process is the decompression period that has been established to maximize returnee health and welfare , " the official said . "  This process normally requires a minimum of 72 hours to be effective . " CNN has learned Buchanan 's father , John , will go to Sicily to see her . She is not in custody and can leave when she wants but , if she stays , when ready she will be returned to the United States , probably in a U.S. military aircraft . President Barack Obama phoned John Buchanan to tell him Jessica had been freed , Buchanan said , adding that the call had left him "  flabbergasted . " "  He said , ` John , this is Barack Obama . I 'm calling because I have great news for you . Your daughter has been rescued by our military , ' " Buchanan said . Buchanan said the operation left him with an overwhelming sense of patriotism . "  I 'm extremely proud and glad to be an American , " he said . "  I did n't know this was going to transpire . I 'm glad it did . " He said Jessica was "  doing well , under the circumstances . " Somalia 's transitional government welcomed the U.S. military operation Thursday . The rescue of the aid workers "  is a great joy to the Somali government and to all Somalis as well as to all right thinking people everywhere , " the government said in a statement . "  Hitting them hard is the only language kidnappers of innocent people , pirates and terrorists understand , and every opportunity should be taken to wipe out this scourge from our country , " the government said . The new United Nations envoy to Somalia -- the first permanent U.N. representative there in 17 years -- also expressed understanding about the military operation . "  If negotiations fail , all means must be applied , including rescue operations , " Augustine Mahiga said Thursday , even as he urged that lives be protected "  on both sides . " Thisted 's sister and brother-in-law wept for joy when they heard he had been rescued , the brother-in-law , Svend Rask , told Denmark 's TV2 . "  She was overjoyed when she told us what happened , " Rask said , speaking of the daughter who gave them the news . Students at the school in Kenya where Buchanan used to teach also cried at the news , the dean of students there said . "  Yesterday was an exciting day for us . There were tears of joy on campus , " said Rob Beyer of Rosslyn Academy , a Christian international school in Nairobi . Beyer remembered Buchanan , who taught at the school from 2007 to 2009 , as "  adventurous and a bit of a risk taker " as well as "  an incredible teacher , well loved . " The Navy SEAL unit that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden last year in Pakistan participated in the rescue mission , a U.S. official said , without specifying whether any of the same individuals were on both assaults . The SEALs are part of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , formerly known as SEAL Team Six . The special operations forces took fire as they fought their way into the compound where the hostages were held , the official said , adding the troops believed the kidnappers were shooting . The official is not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . Pentagon spokesman George Little said the rescue team included special operations troops from different branches of the military , but would not specify the branches . There were no known survivors among the kidnappers , he added . The American assault team did not suffer any casualties , the Pentagon said . The United States was in close contact with Denmark before , during and after the raid , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . White House spokesman Jay Carney said , "  The decision to go ahead with this rescue mission was made because there was information concerning the deteriorating health of Ms. Buchanan , as well as a window of opportunity to execute this mission . " Obama , who had given the go-ahead at 9 p.m. Monday , was updated on its progress throughout Tuesday , Carney said . At the State of the Union address , before news broke of the rescue , Obama told Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , "  Leon , good job tonight . Good job tonight . " The hostages were safe at that point , but the mission was not yet complete , as the American assault team had not departed Somalia , Little said . In a written statement , Obama thanked the special operations forces for their "  extraordinary courage and capabilities . " "  The United States will not tolerate the abduction of our people , and will spare no effort to secure the safety of our citizens and to bring their captors to justice , " Obama said . "  This is yet another message to the world that the United States of America will stand strongly against any threats to our people . " Capt. John Kirby , another Pentagon spokesman , said the abductors were ordinary criminals . "  They were kidnappers . We do n't have any indication that they were connected to any terrorist group or ideological group at that point , " he said . "  They were not Al-Shabaab , " Little said , referring to the al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia that holds sway over parts of Somalia . The area where the hostages were seized is known as a hub for pirates , rather than an area of Islamic militant activity . A number of high-profile abductions of foreigners have occurred in Somalia and in Kenya , close to the largely lawless Somali border . Some of the kidnappings have been blamed on Al-Shabaab , while criminals seeking ransoms seem to have carried out others . The U.S. raid comes nearly three years after Navy snipers killed three pirates who had taken hostage the captain of the Maersk Alabama off Somalia . But the forceful U.S. responses may not do much to deter hostage-takers in largely lawless Somalia , one expert said , pointing out that piracy in particular is extremely lucrative . "  The returns are so worth it that piracy will continue to be attractive to a lot of people , " said Adjoa Anyimadu , a researcher for the Africa program at the London-based think tank Chatham House . "  I do n't think pirates necessarily have the knowledge to target U.S citizens in particular , but obviously U.S. and European citizens can command higher ransoms , " she said . Somalia Report , a website that tracks piracy statistics , said over $ 150 million was paid out in ransoms in 2011 . Successful pirate attacks on merchant vessels began to drop off in 2011 in face of improved shipping security -- including on board armed security detachments - and stronger action from the foreign navies patrolling the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean . The International Maritime Bureau , which tracks piracy , said the number of attacks had risen but the success rate had plummeted to 12 % in the first nine months of 2011 . The aid workers were part of the Danish Refugee Council 's de-mining unit , which aims to make civilians safe from landmines and unexploded ordnance . Buchanan has been employed as a regional education adviser with the mine clearance unit of DRC since May ; Thisted , a community safety manager with the de-mining unit , has been working in Somaliland and Somalia since June 2009 . CNN 's Hada Messia , Kindah Shair , Zain Verjee , Elizabeth Mayo , Brian Walker , Becky Anderson and Tim Lister , and journalists Susanne Gargiulo , Lillian Leposo , Michael Logan and Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Jessica Buchanan and Poul Thisted arrive at a Naval air station in Sicily They were rescued Wednesday by U.S. military forces in Somalia The Navy SEAL unit that killed Osama bin Laden participated in the mission Kidnappers seized the aid workers in October
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The decision to make "  Che " was an easy one , Benicio Del Toro says . Filming the movie was anything but . Benicio Del Toro stars as Latin American revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara . "  I have to say it probably is the most difficult movie I 've ever made , and I 've made a few , " Del Toro says of his starring role in director Steven Soderbergh 's Spanish-language biopic . One of Hollywood 's most bankable stars , Del Toro has made a name for himself playing dark and brooding characters in movies like "  21 Grams , " "  The Usual Suspects , " and "  Traffic , " for which he won an Oscar . He now adds to that list the role of revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara , an Argentine doctor whose role in the Cuban Revolution in the 1950s vaulted him to cult status where he remains today . To play the Latin American revolutionary , Del Toro says he had to start with the man himself rather than invent a character . He read what Che wrote and interviewed a range of people , including those who knew him when he was a child , as well as those who were there in his last days . And then there were the countless photos of the iconic and controversial leader which he pored over . Looking at the pictures , seeing the attitude that he had in the photographs , " he says , "  I learned a lot from the photographs . " The meticulous study pays off on screen . Del Toro delivers a soulful performance that has earned him accolades . He won the Best Actor award at Cannes this year and he is being hotly tipped for another Oscar nod . Which films and actors do you think are contenders for this year 's Oscars ? Share your picks in the SoundOff below . Che 's life "  is what movies are made of , " Del Toro told CNN . The incredible story , along with the opportunity to work with Soderbergh , who directed him in 2000 's "  Traffic , " for a second time drew him to the project . The 41-year-old bilingual actor was born in Puerto Rico but grew up in Pennsylvania . It was n't until he was in his early 20s and wandered into a bookstore in Mexico City that he discovered Che . "  I bought a compilation of his letters that he had written to his family and I read that book . I did n't know anything about this guy , so that started my journey , " he recalls . See how the movie was received in Cuba " "  Che " is split into two parts -- "  The Argentine " and "  Guerrilla . " When shown in its entirety , the movie clocks in at a staggering 257 minutes . Part one charts Che 's rise from young idealist to revolutionary hero during the Cuban Revolution . Part two depicts his efforts to bring change to all of Latin America and focuses on his campaign in Bolivia , where he died . Shot in various locations ranging from the jungles of Bolivia to Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , filming was grueling . "  In this film , we went pretty fast , " Del Toro says . "  We went really fast . " Soderbergh wanted to film using only natural light , and production moved rapidly . On some days , Del Toro recounts , they only had 15 or 30 minutes to capture a scene . One day of filming felt like a whole week of work , he says . "  The way I felt on a Monday in this movie is the equivalent to how I felt at the end of the week of another movie . " Del Toro , who also co-produced the movie , is n't complaining though . He speaks with pride about the effort the cast and crew put in to the moviemaking process , which he describes as "  hit and run . " "  Che " is being released in two parts , but the epic is best viewed in its entirety , Del Toro says . "  You 'll get the full experience of what we went through , of the two movies together as one . " The full-length version of "  Che " will have a limited opening in the U.S. on Dec. 12 . It is scheduled to be released in separate parts in the UK on Jan. 2 .	Benicio Del Toro stars in "  Che , " a biopic of the Latin American revolutionary His performance is generating Oscar buzz in Hollywood Directed by Steven Soderbergh , the two-part film is more than four hours long Del Toro on Che : His life "  is what movies are made of "
A member of the Sugarhill Gang , whose pioneering hit "  Rapper 's Delight " brought hip hop to mainstream audiences 35 years ago , died Tuesday of complications from cancer . "  Big Bank Hank , " whose real name was Henry Jackson , died early Tuesday in Englewood , New Jersey , according to David Mallie , who manages the two surviving Sugarhill Gang members . The New York native was 57 . A beefy , boisterous presence onstage , Hank handled vocals in the early to middle portion of "  Rapper 's Delight , " which despite its extended length -- one version was more than 14 minutes long -- became the first rap song to reach the Top 40 on the U.S. Billboard charts . Jackson traded rhymes with bandmates "  Wonder Mike " Wright and Guy "  Master Gee " O'Brien and spoke some of the song 's catchiest lines , including "  Ho-tel , mo-tel , Holiday Inn/If your girl starts acting up , then you take her friend . " Wonder Mike and Master Gee issued a statement Tuesday : "  So sad to hear about our brother 's passing . The 3 of us created musical history together with the release of Rapper 's Delight . We will always remember traveling the world together and rocking the house . Rest in peace Big Bank . " The three friends were unknown MCs when producer Sylvia Robinson recruited them to record the song for her rap label , Sugar Hill Records . Released in fall 1979 , "  Rapper 's Delight " became a novelty hit and a staple at dance clubs well into 1980 . It was born from the emerging New York hip-hop scene of the late '70s , in which young rappers gathered in clubs and exchanged rhymes over instrumental breaks from popular songs , most notably Chic 's hit "  Good Times . " "  Rapper 's Delight " also borrowed its bass line and other flourishes from "  Good Times , " prompting threats of legal action by Chic co-founders Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards . After a settlement , Rodgers and Edwards were listed as co-writers of the song . "  It felt like a new art form , " Rodgers said later of "  Rapper 's Delight . " In 2011 , Rolling Stone ranked "  Rapper 's Delight " at No. 248 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time . People we 've lost in 2014	Rapper "  Big Bank Hank , " whose real name was Henry Jackson , died Tuesday morning He was a member of the Sugarhill Gang , famous for their hit "  Rapper 's Delight " The 1979 song was the first rap tune to reach the Top 40 on the U.S. charts
CNN  -- Key structural changes have been identified in the brain images of some patients with mild cognitive impairment which could help determine who 's at greatest risk for developing Alzheimer 's disease . Researchers at the University of California , San Diego , studied MRI scans of 84 patients with Alzheimer 's disease , 175 patients with mild cognitive impairment , or MCI , and 139 images of healthy brains . "  Our initial goal was to locate similarities in the patients with Alzheimer 's disease to those with MCI , in the hopes of finding a method to predict -LSB- MCI patients ' -RSB- likelihood of developing the disease , " said lead study author Linda McEvoy , assistant project scientist at UCSD 's department of radiology . Neuroimaging results for the patients with Alzheimer 's disease were as expected , according to the study , which was published online in the journal Radiology . Atrophy , which is loss of brain tissue , was visible throughout the brain . The temporal and parietal lobes , which affect cognitive function , saw the most damage . What surprised researchers were the differences in images from the MCI patients . More than 50 percent of the brains in the MCI group showed atrophy similar to the Alzheimer 's disease patients . The other half of the MCI patients showed only small amounts of tissue damage . Watch Dr. Gupta explain the findings " "  Although the symptoms for the entire MCI group were primarily memory problems , other parts of the brain were impacted in over half the group , " McEvoy said . "  And even though these patients -LSB- with Alzheimer 's - like atrophy -RSB- do n't have problems with their cognitive function now , their MCI will likely develop to that in the future . " Researchers also evaluated the brains of the MCI group one year after initial testing . They found that patients who earlier had mild cognitive impairment plus signs of atrophy were getting worse . Twenty-nine percent of the group had since been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease and the others had begun to show signs of more serious cognitive decline . The condition of patients in the MCI group whose scans showed minimal signs of atrophy the previous year remained about the same . "  Only 8 percent of this group had developed Alzheimer 's disease . The rest of the patients were stable and their symptoms had not increased , " McEvoy said . Bill Thies , chief medical and scientific officer for the Alzheimer 's Association , underscored the significance of these findings . "  What this study really shows is how different people with MCI can be , despite having similar symptoms . We can now use this information to create new treatments , " he said . There are several drugs on the market that treat the symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease , but none that prevent its progression . Clinical trials may be able to use this data to select a better pool of candidates when testing new drugs . "  If they use a MCI patient with loss of brain tissue , someone who we now know is progressing fast towards Alzheimer 's disease , we 'd be able to quickly figure out if drug ` X ' is slowing things down or not helping at all , " Thies added . In addition , researchers hope that within the next few years patients could regularly be tested by their physicians to determine their risk of developing Alzheimer 's . "  If nothing else it would be good information for their family members to have early on , to be better prepared for the future . " McEvoy said . Over 5 million Americans have Alzheimer 's disease and an estimated three and a half million have mild cognitive impairment .	Key structural changes seen in brain scans of some patients with memory loss One year later , many patients with brain changes had developed Alzheimer 's Memory-loss patients without these changes were mostly stable one year later Brain scans could identify who gets Alzheimer 's , help with drug testing
CNN  -- A car bomb at a military base has killed at least 10 people in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi , in the latest violence to wrack the cradle of the North African country 's uprising . The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base , Libya 's state news agency LANA reported , quoting a military source in the city . The car was loaded with a large amount of explosives , it added . Speaking on Libyan television , Ammar Mohammed , a spokesman for the Libyan Health Ministry , said the bombing killed at least 10 people and wounded 23 . LANA said at least seven soldiers were killed and nine people were wounded . Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began . Three years later , it is the scene of almost daily attacks and targeted assassinations , specifically against security officials . While no one has claimed responsibility for the violence that has gripped the city for more than a year , many residents and officials blame it on Islamist extremist groups operating in eastern Libya . Benghazi is the largest city in eastern Libya , where some groups want more autonomy and a greater share of the region 's oil wealth . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base , news agency says The Benghazi bombing also injured 23 people , the Libyan Health Ministry says But news agency says at least seven soldiers were killed and nine people wounded Benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi began
CNN  -- Want to surf 4-foot waves or snorkel in coral reefs as the summer sun shines bright ? There 's no need to book your flight to Hawaii or Palau . The top 10 water parks in the United States have waves , reefs , tubing and water slides . Disney water parks came in first and second place for attendance among North American water parks on the 2013 Theme Index , which tracks theme park and water park attendance around the globe . Nearly 11 million people headed to the top 10 water parks in the United States in 2013 , and about 4 million headed to two Disney World water parks in Florida . The index , released this month as part of the TEA/AECOM Global Attractions Attendance Report , tracks water park attendance in North America , the Asia-Pacific region , Latin America and the Middle East . On the global list , Chimelong Waterpark in Guangzhou , China , ranked No. 1 in the world for water park attendance , followed by two Disney World parks in second and third places . Parks in South Korea , Brazil and Australia joined other Orlando , Florida , parks to round out the top 10 most visited parks globally . Click through the gallery above to see the top 10 most visited water parks in the United States . World 's top 25 amusement parks World 's top 20 museums	Nearly 11 million people visited the top 10 U.S. parks last year Two of Disney 's Florida water parks attracted the most visitors Five of the most visited water parks in the U.S. are in Florida
CNN  -- The fight to block construction of the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline through east Texas stepped up Monday as protesters locked themselves to machinery . Dozens of others formed a human chain to keep heavy machinery from moving around the proposed pipeline 's path in Cherokee County , said Ethan Nuss , spokesman for the Tar Sands Blockade group . Three protesters at another location suspended themselves from 50-foot pine trees with their life lines anchored by the construction equipment , Nuss said . Cherokee County sheriff 's deputies used "  pain compliance " measures , including pepper spray , to remove the four protesters locked to the machinery , Nuss said . The four were dragged away "  very aggressively and painfully " and arrested , he said . Protesters , police clash in Cairo Two others were arrested when they tried to block a cherry picker crane to remove the protesters from the trees , Nuss said . A 75-year-old woman was among those pepper sprayed and arrested , he said . "  Some peaceful protesters doing nothing more than holding signs by the road were violently pepper sprayed , " said group spokesman Ron Seifert . Demonstrators demand Obama reject pipeline All of the blockade protesters were removed from the construction sites by 2 p.m. and 12 of them were arrested , he said . Meanwhile , a sheriff 's spokesman confirmed six arrests , but provided no other details . TransCanada , the company building the pipeline , did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment Monday . "  Today 's Day of Action is in solidarity with local landowners struggling to protect their water and land from TransCanada 's toxic tar sands pipeline , " the protest group said in a written statement Monday . Jordanians protest high gas prices While construction of some segments of the proposed 1,700-mile pipeline has not been approved , the Texas government and courts have cleared its path through that state . If completed , it would transport tar sands mined in Canada to refineries on the U.S. Gulf Coast . Opponents want U.S. President Barack Obama , who in the past has rejected rapid approval , to outright reject the pipeline project , arguing it would be an environmental disaster . Actress Daryl Hannah was arrested last month in Wood County , Texas , when she and another woman tried to stop a bulldozer from clearing land along the pipeline path . Bill McKidden , founder of 350 . org , said a demonstration in Washington on Sunday was to remind the Obama administration of its commitment to preventing fossil fuel based projects that they say are causing increased climate change . "  They said a year ago they would study it further , now that year is up , and in the meantime we 've had the hottest year in America history , we 've had an epic drought , we 've had the Arctic melting and we 've had Superstorm Sandy flooding the subways of New York , " said McKibben . "  The pipeline has come to symbolize something much , much bigger than just one energy project , it 's come to symbolize what is our energy future , and what President Obama is going to do on climate change , " said activist Jane Kleeb of the anti-pipeline organization Bold Nebraska , in a state where the Keystone XL project would cut through predominantly agricultural areas . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Dozens formed a "  human chain " to keep heavy machinery from moving at pipeline site Three protesters suspended themselves from 50-foot pine trees to stop pipeline work Deputies used pepper spray to remove protesters , group says Company building the pipeline did not immediately respond to CNN calls
The mother of an Omaha toddler is defending her son after he unleashed a slew of obscenities in an online video that has gone viral . In the video , the diapered boy is taunted and cursed at by adults , who coax him into using crude words . The African-American toddler knocks down a chair and responds to some of the comments with a middle-finger salute . "  Shut up , bitch , " he says in one of the responses . The adults chuckle , prompting him to unleash more obscenities at them . Despite the video , he 's not an anomaly , according to his mother . "  He had a clean diaper , the house was clean and like they said , kids curse , every kid does it , " the mother told CNN affiliate KETV in an exclusive interview . CNN does not identify juveniles in such stories . The mother is 16 . "  He 's a smart little boy . All that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , " she said . "  Somebody told him to do that . My son does n't do that . I do n't allow it . " She said a friend of her brother filmed the video while she was in another room . "  He was wrong for doing that ... posting the video up and getting us into this situation , " she said . "  Everybody that thinks I 'm a bad mother , I 'm not . I 'm a good mother to my son . I teach him a lot . He 's very smart . " The police union in Omaha , Nebraska , posted the clip on its website to highlight what it called the "  cycle of violence and thuggery " the community faces . The Omaha Police Officers ' Association is under fire from the city 's police chief , the ACLU and at least one community leader . They say the move needlessly antagonizes minority communities , which make up about a quarter of Omaha 's 409,000 residents . Sgt. John Wells , the union 's president , said the video was "  disturbing " and "  offensive . " "  The focus here is n't on any particular ethnic group . The focus here is on the troubling behavior toward this child , " Wells said . "  This behavior is going to potentially lead this child down a path that is completely unhealthy . " On the website where the video is posted , the union said the clip came from "  a local thug 's public Facebook page . " "  We here at OmahaPOA.com viewed the video and we knew that despite the fact that it is sickening , heartbreaking footage , we have an obligation to share it to continue to educate the law abiding public about the terrible cycle of violence and thuggery that some young innocent children find themselves helplessly trapped in , " the police union wrote in a post accompanying the video . "  Now while we did n't see anything in this video that is blatantly ` illegal , ' we sure did see a lot that is flat out immoral and completely unhealthy for this little child from a healthy upbringing standpoint , " it added . Wells said one of the adults mentions a local street gang in the video . "  That is why when we talk about the culture , the criminal culture , that this is to try to break the cycle and deal with the culture of violence and the culture of gang activity , " he said . Willie Hamilton , president of the community activist group Black Men United , said the union crossed a line . "  For them to take a video out of context -- a 2-year-old who does n't have the brain capacity to know what 's going on -- and to say that this child , because two adults acted inappropriately , is going to end up in a life of crime is totally inappropriate , " Hamilton said . The American Civil Liberties Union of Nebraska , which filed an excessive force suit against the Omaha Police Department on behalf of an African-American family Monday , said the union 's use of "  racially charged language " was "  very disconcerting . " "  Officers should be working to build a culture where anyone feels comfortable calling law enforcement , " ACLU of Nebraska Executive Director Becki Brenner said in a prepared statement . "  The manner in which the Officers Association has discussed this incident has done nothing but further erode community trust and reinforce the need for independent oversight , trainings , and other reforms . " Police Chief Todd Schmaderer tried to distance his agency from the controversy Tuesday , saying that the union 's website and Facebook page are separate from those of the Omaha Police Department . He said he has little authority over the public statements of union members . "  With that background and understanding , I want to make it explicit and clear that the views expressed on the OPOA Facebook page do not necessarily reflect the official stance of the Omaha Police Department , " Schmaderer said . "  I strongly disagree with any postings that may cause a divide in our community or an obstacle to police community relations . " Wells said union members have turned the video over to the department 's child victim unit . The child and his mother are in protective custody for safety reasons . Court records obtained by the affiliate show the toddler was among five injured in October when shots were fired at a home . The boy and his mother have been relocated by the state in the past over gang activity fears , according to the affiliate .	Video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coaxed to respond in kind "  He 's a smart little boy . All that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , " mom says Mom says as long as his diaper and house were clean , there was no reason to worry ACLU and African-American leaders blast the video
CNN  -- Americans set a record for number of votes cast in this presidential election but failed to make history with the percentage of voter turnout , experts said . A record 2.9 million voters cast ballots Tuesday in Missouri . Curtis Gans , director of American University 's Center for the Study of the American Electorate , said Thursday that percentage turnout was lower because Republicans stayed away from the polls . Disappointment over Sen. John McCain 's choice of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate , combined with a perception that the ticket would lose , prompted many would-be Republican voters to ditch the polls on Election Day , Gans said . "  There was real hostility ... amongst moderate Republicans " that McCain would choose the conservative governor , Gans said . "  And then there was a gradual perception that the party was going to get whomped . " Nevertheless , between 126.5 million and 128.5 million Americans cast ballots this year , according to a report by the electorate study center . Successful Democratic get-out-the-vote initiatives contributed to that number , which shattered 2004 's mark of 122.2 million . The report surveyed 47 states and the nation 's capital . Twenty-two of those states and the District of Columbia reported an increase in voter turnout this year , the center said . GOP turnout increased in only eight of the surveyed states , according to the report . The percentage of registered voters casting ballots this year is projected at 60.7 to 61.7 percent , according to the center -- a figure much lower than the modern-day record set in 1960 -- 67 percent . Democrat Barack Obama 's campaign is credited with building a sophisticated organization at local levels in key states that energized voters to register and to stand for hours in line to cast early ballots . Nationwide , early votes totaled at least 31.7 million in at least 30 early voting states , said Michael McDonald , a professor at George Mason University . McDonald , who also produced projections of voter turnout , estimated Friday that 130.9 million ballots were cast by 61.5 percent of Americans who were eligible to vote . The final tally is expected to be counted by early December , he said . Gans said many people believed this election 's turnout would shatter the 2004 mark because of the high amount of early voters , including African-Americans and younger voters , who historically vote in lower numbers . "  We failed to realize that the registration increase was driven by Democratic and independent registration and that the long lines at the polls were mostly populated by Democrats , " he said . Voter registration increased this year by more than 10 million people , Gans said . See percentage of voting-age population that voted on Election Day 2004 , 2008 " Absentee ballots tend to flow in at the last minute , McDonald said . But this year , with so many people participating in early and absentee voting ahead of the election , there may not be a large flood of absentee ballots , he said . He said Friday that turnout rates rose in states that became battlegrounds in this election . On the other hand , he said , voter turnout in states that lost battleground status was lower or held steady , compared with 2004 . Battleground state North Carolina 's turnout rate had the largest increase from 2004 , according to the center . The state reported a 69 percent turnout rate -- up from 56.8 percent in 2004 , according to center data . Missouri , another battleground , reported a record number of voters on Tuesday : 2.9 million . But its turnout percentage -- 69.4 percent -- failed to make history . In Maine , the secretary of state 's office projected a record-setting 80 percent turnout among registered voters , which would break Maine 's previous record of 74 percent in 2004 . Georgia , which saw a 61.3 percent turnout , up from 54.7 percent in 2004 , also had a record high turnout , according to data from the center . In 1908 -- when the voter pool was much smaller because African-Americans and women were denied the vote -- 65.7 percent cast ballots in the race between William Howard Taft and William Jennings Bryan . Towering above this year 's turnout was the historic race of 1860 , when Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas faced off , attracting 81.3 percent . CNN 's Debra Alban contributed to this report .	Report : About 127 million votes cast , shattering 2004 record Turnout percentage about 61 percent , compared with 1960 's 67 percent Early voting tracker : 31.7 million voted early in at least 30 early voting states Another expert 's estimate projects nearly 131 million Americans voted
A controversial film about an African warlord and his army has spread to the far corners of the internet , racking up more than 70 million YouTube views and prompting a heated debate about the filmmakers and the effectiveness of their advocacy . While its supporters say "  KONY 2012 " has raised much-needed awareness about Ugandan warlord Joseph Kony , critics say the film is inaccurate , oversimplified , and distracting from more effective charity work in Uganda . Questions have also been raised about the intentions and transparency of Invisible Children , the group behind the film , and its founders say they are releasing a new film to respond to the criticism . What is "  KONY 2012 " ? "  KONY 2012 " is a half-hour video campaign about Ugandan warlord Joseph Kony , the leader of the rebel Lord 's Resistance Army , and alleged atrocities his army has committed since the 1980s , including the killing and disfiguring of villagers , forcing children to become soldiers , and forcing girls into sexual slavery . The film features a former Ugandan child soldier and highlights the plight of children there , contrasting their lives with the director 's own young child in America and pushing the notion that the Western world can stop Kony 's reign of terror . Its makers say the film "  aims to make Joseph Kony famous , not to celebrate him , but to raise support for his arrest and set a precedent for international justice . " Who made "  KONY 2012 " ? The film was produced by Invisible Children , a San Diego-based nonprofit activist group founded by three filmmakers whose goal is to raise awareness about Kony 's LRA and stop what it calls the longest-running armed conflict in Africa . The group also made a film in 2005 about the LRA called "  Invisible Children : Rough Cut , " and has put pressure on both the George W. Bush and Obama administrations to take a side in the fight between the LRA and the Ugandan government , according to a 2011 story in Foreign Affairs . The group says it has built schools in Uganda and operates a high-frequency radio station that broadcasts anti-LRA messages to fighters urging them to defect . Invisible Children has been criticized for everything from how the group made "  Kony 2012 " to how it spends its money . Is the film accurate ? Critics say "  KONY 2012 " manipulates the facts and ignores the Ugandan military 's own rights abuses in its war with the LRA . A 2011 Foreign Affairs story accused Invisible Children of "  exaggerating the scale of LRA abductions and murders and emphasizing the LRA 's use of innocent children as soldiers . " And in a Foreign Policy blog post , journalist Michael Wilkerson wrote : "  But let 's get two things straight : 1  Joseph Kony is not in Uganda and has n't been for 6 years ; 2  the LRA now numbers at most in the hundreds . " CNN 's Christiane Amanpour says the constant pursuit of Kony , long the International Criminal Court 's most wanted man , means he is now largely a "  spent force " in Uganda . "  His crimes against these children were committed largely in the late 1990s and early 2000s , and because people have been going after him he 's actually considered to be much more of a threat now in the Democratic Republic of Congo , " she said . The filmmakers have also drawn heavy fire for a 2008 photo showing the founders holding AK-47s and RPGs while posing with members of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , which has itself been accused of widespread human rights abuses during its decades-long conflict with the government of Sudan . Is Invisible Children wasting donors ' money ? While critics say that far too little of Invisible Children 's money actually makes it to the Ugandans who need it the most , the group claims its mission is misunderstood . Only 32 % of the money Invisible Children spent last year went to direct services , according to the group 's financial statement , with much of the rest going toward the production of film , travel costs and staff salaries . Co-founder and film narrator Jason Russell told CNN 's Piers Morgan that the group is not a traditional on-the-ground development charity . "  We are not an organization that does amazing work on the ground -- if you want to fund a cow or help someone in a village ... that 's only a third of what we do , " said Russell . "  We work outside the traditional box of what you think about charity , " he told CNN . "  We have three Ms : the movie , which is going viral ... the movement , which is actual volunteers around the world ... and the mission -- to stop Kony and rehab the war-affected children through education , reintegration and building jobs for the community . " Independent charity evaluator Charity Navigator gave Invisible Children an overall rating of three out of four stars , but just two stars for "  accountability and transparency " -- a fact the group attributes to not having five independent voting members on its board of directors . In a statement , the group wrote : "  We are in the process of interviewing potential board members , and we will add an additional independent member this year in order to regain our 4-star rating by 2013 . " Is the film doing more harm than good ? Critics say "  KONY 2012 " will draw resources away from more effective charity organizations while reinforcing the idea that Africans are helpless and that Westerners must intervene to save them . "  Campaigns that focus on bracelets and social media absorb resources that could go toward more effective advocacy , " write Amanda Taub and Kate Cronin-Furman in current affairs magazine , The Atlantic . "  Treating awareness as a goal in and of itself risks compassion fatigue -- most people only have so much time and energy to devote to far-away causes -- and ultimately squanders political momentum that could be used to push for effective solutions . " While some Ugandans appreciate the attention being put on Kony , CNN 's David McKenzie says the group has n't posed a real threat to Uganda for several years . "  Nice message ... 15 years too late , " one Ugandan military official told McKenzie . Despite the negative attention heaped on Invisible Children , CNN 's Amanpour says that any raised awareness of Kony and his crimes is a net positive . "  What 's really important is that -LSB- the film -RSB- will not just sensitize people about war criminals like Kony , but try to get society onboard to pressure their government to do something about these atrocities . "	"  KONY 2012 " racks up more than 70 million YouTube views Film documents Ugandan warlord Joseph Kony 's atrocities and plight of Ugandan children Critics say film manipulates facts and distracts from more effective charity work in Uganda Supporters say any publicity of the Lord 's Resistance Army is welcome
CNN  -- A body believed to be the second victim of a boating accident involving a wedding party was recovered in the Hudson River , authorities in Piermont , New York , said Sunday . Investigators were working to positively identify the body , which is believed to be that of Mark Lennon , Rockland County , New York , Sheriff Louis Falco said . "  We 're looking into every single thing , " Falco said . "  What we 're going to do is bring in an accident reconstruction team . " Lennon , who was to have been the best man in the wedding party , and bride Lindsey Stewart disappeared late Friday night when a 21-foot Stingray power boat they were passengers on struck the side of one of three barges lashed together at a construction site near the Tappan Zee Bridge , 25 miles north of Manhattan . Stewart and Lennon were thrown from the boat . Her body was recovered Saturday , but the search for Lennon continued until Sunday morning when a jet skier called police to report finding a body in the river , Falco said . Stewart and fiancÃ © Brian Bond , Lennon and three other friends boarded the power boat for what was to have been a short ride on the Hudson River from the village of Piermont in Rockland County to Tarrytown . They had just dined at a restaurant . Despite suffering serious head injuries , Bond called 911 from the boat , reporting that it had struck an object south of the bridge . The four others who were not thrown from the boat suffered head injuries and were taken to area hospitals . The barges , which were being used by a contractor who is building a new bridge , had been anchored in the river since around April , said Robert Van Cura , undersheriff of the Rockland County Sheriff 's Office . Boat operator Jojo K. John , 35 , was arrested . "  We have probable cause to believe that he operated the boat while intoxicated , " Van Cura said . John was arraigned at an area hospital on one count of first-degree vehicular manslaughter and three counts of second-degree vehicular assault , Van Cura said . More charges are possible , he said . Van Cura said the operator was not the registered owner of the boat , which may have more than one owner . Bond was hospitalized at Westchester Medical Center , said Stewart 's stepfather Walter Kosik , who visited him Saturday . "  He was in no condition to talk . " A spokesman for the medical center said Bond was in fair condition . "  She 's supposed to be married two weeks from today , " said Carol Stewart about her daughter . "  It just ca n't end like this . " An investigation has begun . "  The barge had some lights on it ; whether or not it was properly lighted is part of the investigation , " Van Cura said . "  On a clear , moonlit night , with the bridge lights on , you can see pretty well , " said Tom Sobolik in a telephone interview from aboard his sailboat near the accident site . The moon was last full on Monday . But Craig and Celeste Kmiecik said they were boating in the area on Friday night , and it was dark . "  There was a moon last night , but you really ca n't see anything , " said Craig Kmiecik . "  The barge was not lit up , " said Celeste Kmiecik . "  We saw that last night coming back to the marina . " CNN 's Alina Cho , Chris Welch and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	A jet skier found the body believed to be best man Mark Lennon "  We 're looking into every single thing , " sheriff says The body of bride Lindsey Stewart was recovered Saturday The wedding party 's boat crashed in to a parked barge on the Hudson Friday night
CNN  -- In Europe , high-speed rail has come to stand for ease and efficiency with point-to-point city center travel where journeys of four hours or less trump airplanes and the hassle of airport security . Deregulation of the rail industry across the continent has also cemented trains as a viable alternative to short haul flights . "  Airlines have already pulled out of certain routes -- they 've given up competing between Paris and Brussels or between Paris and Lyon , " says Mark Smith founder of rail website The Man In Seat 61 . "  Airlines have been given a run for their money on routes like Barcelona to Madrid , Milan to Rome . They 're going to have to retrench and go back to further long distance routes and not even try and compete on some of the short haul they do at the moment . " The airline industry has already seen an increase in competition and choice across the continent . Italy , Europe 's fourth largest high-speed market after the UK , France and Germany , according to Amadeus Rail , saw its first privately owned rail company NTV break state-owned Trenitalia 's monopoly with its red Italo "  Ferrari trains " . "  This privatization and competition drives more efficient businesses " says Luca di Montezemolo , president of NTV . "  With more efficient businesses those benefits and savings can be passed on the customers . So service gets better , product gets better and pricing gets better . " Read more : China 's need for speed Trenitalia 's Emanuel Carando welcomes the competition . The company recently invested $ 100m in upgrades to its fleet of high-speed trains , adding free Wifi and new features like a conference room in a business carriage . "  This is very positive because it is offering ecological solutions to the consumer so anybody investing in the train industry is very good for us , " he says . However cross-border travel in Europe is not as easy as it could be with different systems in place for each country and no central booking system . SilverRail is one company that is trying to make the online reservation system more user-friendly , building an online rail ticket network of four of Europe 's rail operators : Spain 's Renfe , Sweden 's SJ rail operator , ATOC in the UK and the Benelux countries ' SNCB . "  Rail is actually pretty challenging to book , " says Cameron Jones , Vice-President of Commercial at SilverRail . "  Each company has a very different tech space . It 's very difficult for online travel agencies . " New rules in Europe have opened up the $ 80 billion rail travel market allowing operators to expand beyond their domestic platforms . Only 6 % of high-speed rail in Europe is currently cross-border and only a fifth of tickets are booked on the internet . Rail operators are starting to realize their online potential . Read more : How Eurostar CEO aims to keep the company on track "  Rail networks traditionally only have very strong brand recognition in their own country but not abroad , " says Christoph Klenner , Secretary-General of the European Technology & Travel Services Association . "  Global distribution systems could take their content and distribute it to hundreds of thousands of travel operators and online travel agents . " Cross-border rail in Europe will be fully liberalized to include domestic as well as international passengers in 2019 . In France , rail operator SNCF is preparing for increased competition by launching the first ever low-cost , high speed train . There 's no food or drink sold onboard and prices start at around $ 32 from Paris to Marseille and Montpelier via Lyon . "  Liberalization and the introduction of competition  means  we need to have a low price system " says Guillaume Pepy , chairman of SNCF . "  Some people would like to have a lot of flexibility , a lot of services and comfort . But other ones they just want the price . " France was the second country after Japan to introduce high-speed rail and Pepy believes it is crucial that the company still leads the way in innovation . Quiz : Test your knowledge of airline liveries "  We are pioneers in that field . If  low-cost , high-speed rail  is a success I can imagine for cross-border lines the next years there will be opportunities to go to Brussels and Amsterdam , and perhaps from and to London and to Spain . " However Pepy remains realistic about the industry 's future where there will be increased competition , but also more collaboration . "  If there is room for several different operators on routes , let 's compete . Some other routes there is not so much potential -- Frankfurt to Marseille -- so let 's do the service together between Deutsche Bahn and SNCF so customers can just change trains without changing their tickets . " The aim is to make journeys as seamless as possible and even join rail to the end of long-haul flights . "  You can fly from Shanghai to Frankfurt or from New York to Charles de Gaulle and then connect to the high-speed train , " says Pepy . "  The high speed system will be connected to airports -- look at the new stations -- Frankfurt is connected to the high speed line , Lyon is connected . " If high speed rail can effectively feed into long haul air networks and take over short haul routes , it wo n't just connect the dots in Europe but build alliances with airlines as well .	Deregulation of national rail networks in Europe means greater competition and collaboration New high-speed routes opening across the continent Aim to have seamless travel between large cities and countries Post-Second World War legacy of different types of track makes uniting rail networks harder
CNN  -- A 62-year-old man man was arrested early Thursday and faces criminal mischief charges for allegedly applying a herbicide commonly used to kill trees and brush to landmark 130-year-old live oaks on the edge of the Auburn University campus in east-central Alabama , police said . Harvey Updyke Jr. was taken into custody at the Auburn Police Department , Police Chief Tommy Dawson told reporters . Updyke was being held on a felony first-degree criminal mischief charge on $ 50,000 bond , said Maj. Tommy Carter of the Lee County Sheriff 's Office . A preliminary hearing has not been scheduled . Dawson released few details , saying he did not want to jeopardize the investigation . He said he believes Updyke acted alone and he does not anticipate further arrests , although he said additional charges may be filed . The poisonings -- which came to light after a man called a Birmingham , Alabama , radio show and said he had poisoned the trees -- came as a heartbreaking shock to Auburn fans . For generations , they have thronged to the trees at Toomer 's Corner , at the edge of campus , after victories to "  roll " the trees with toilet paper . The latest significant celebration was after the Auburn Tigers defeated Oregon for the national football championship on January 10 . Toomer 's Corner is named after a historic drugstore at the opposite corner of the intersection . A man identifying himself as "  Al from Dadeville " called "  The Paul Finebaum Show " on January 27 and said , "  Let me tell you what I did the weekend after the Iron Bowl  the annual Auburn-University of Alabama game  . I went to Auburn , Alabama , because I live 30 miles away . And I poisoned the two Toomer 's trees . " "  They 're not dead yet , but they definitely will die , " the caller said , adding he did n't care if his actions were against the law . "  Al " ended his call with "  Roll Damn Tide " -- a variation of the Alabama 's "  Roll Tide " rallying cry . Auburn defeated Alabama 28-27 in Tuscaloosa on November 26 , 2010 . "  Al " mentioned a jersey with Auburn quarterback Cam Newton 's number placed on the statue of former Alabama coach Paul "  Bear " Bryant at the time of the 2010 game . He also claimed he had a newspaper article showing Auburn students rolling Toomer 's Corner after Bryant 's death in January 1983 . Finebaum told CNN Thursday that he 's never heard of the Bryant death story . Auburn University spokesman Mike Clardy said "  by all accounts it did not happen . " Asked why "  Al " might have called the show , Finebaum said that "  he was boastful . I do n't think he cared . " Over the years , the host has gotten many calls about football and rivalries , but "  this is the low point , " Finebaum said . "  Most people are horrified by it , but some people are n't losing any sleep , " he said of the incident . Alex Bell , who screens calls for Finebaum , said the caller initially told him he was an Alabama fan and wanted to discuss the rivalry . But the caller then told him in detail about the poisoning . "  We deal with some crazy people , but when he mentioned the chemical and how he had done it , it was alarming to me , " Bell said . Finebaum 's program is a regionally syndicated sports talk show . Updyke 's full name is Harvey Almorn Updyke , CNN affiliate WTVM reported . He made his first court appearance Thursday . The caller said he had used Spike 80DF , which was found when the soil was tested after the university learned of the radio show call . Thirty-three soil samples were taken the next day and were sent for testing . The expedited , final results that came back February 11 showed the levels of Spike 80DF are "  very lethal , " according to the school . The substance has never been used at Auburn , horticulture professor Gary Keever told reporters Thursday . The substance is manufactured by Dow Chemical . A representative from Dow is advising the university on removal procedures , and expert horticulturalists also are being consulted , according to Auburn . Auburn spokeswoman Deedie Dowdle said Thursday that the university "  was taking a great deal of action " in the days after receiving the results , but delayed making a public announcement because of the police investigation . The university said in a statement released Wednesday the trees had been poisoned . Asked Thursday whether the trees will die , Stephen Enloe , assistant professor of agronomy and soils at Auburn , grew emotional . "  I always want to hold out hope , " he said , but the concentration of the herbicide translates into "  a very low probability " of survival . He said it was unclear how long the trees could last before dying . Experts were re-evaluating soil samples and have applied liquid activated charcoal that can bind with the herbicide and inactivate it . They will also study whether an "  excavator vacuum " can be used to take out some of the soil , Keever said . Offers of help have poured in from across the nation , from tree farmers , experts and others , officials said . A license is not required to purchase Spike80DF in Alabama , but "  it 's not widely available , " Enloe said , and "  it 's not extremely cheap . " It is usually used to control vegetation on right of ways or along fence rows or to maintain bare ground near some industrial facilities , Enloe said . "  It 's very effective at what it does , and that is to kill most plants . " The herbicide could spread through the soil and affect other nearby plants , including a white oak and magnolia trees , Keever said . Tom McCauley , with the university 's Department of Risk Management and Safety , said there is "  very little chance " it will affect groundwater for drinking water purposes . University President Jay Gogue and Police Chief Dawson told Auburn fans to act with class . "  This is the exception rather than the rule , " Dawson said Thursday . "  This is a person who obviously has problems , to do something like this , so we want to use caution and let the justice system take its course . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Radio talk show host talks about call Harvey Updyke Jr. was arrested early Thursday Police say he will be charged with criminal mischief Expert : There is a "  very low probability " the trees will survive
In his speech about ISIS last week , President Barack Obama said , "  American military power is unmatched , but this ca n't be America 's fight alone . " Allies and partners of the United States , Obama vowed , would provide support to degrade and eventually destroy the militant group that has slaughtered many people in Iraq and Syria and beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker . The United States has conducted more than 150 airstrikes in Iraq against ISIS , and Secretary of State John Kerry has said nearly 40 nations have agreed to contribute to the fight against the militants . But it remains unclear which countries are on that list and the precise role they 'll play . On Sunday , Kerry said countries in the Middle East are willing to help with strikes against ISIS , but he said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that "  it 's not appropriate to start announcing " which nations will participate and what each will do . Those statements come as ISIS beheaded a third Western captive , Briton David Haines , and as Kerry ended a weeklong trip to the Middle East to drum up support for the battle against the militants . An international conference convened Monday in Paris , where there was more discussion of a coalition . After the meeting , the French government released general points the parties adopted to push against ISIS . On September 17 , in a speech to service members at Central Command in Tampa , Florida , Obama said that Saudi Arabia has "  agreed to host our efforts to train and equip Syria opposition forces " to fight ISIS . He mentioned several other nations , and the roles they are playing , detailed below . So far , this is what 's known about the nations involved and their contributions : Read more : Kerry says ISIS is ` animal unto itself ' Australia : On Sunday , the Australian government responded to a request by the United States and said it is preparing to deploy to the United Arab Emirates up to eight Royal Australian Air Force F/A -18 combat aircraft , an E-7A Wedgetail airborne early warning and control aircraft and a KC-30A multirole tanker and transport aircraft . Australia will also help to stem the humanitarian crisis . Obama said on September 17 that Australia will send military advisers to Iraq . Australian combat troops will not participate in ground fighting , according to Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's office . Great Britain : Prime Minister David Cameron called ISIS "  a menace " Sunday and said the United Kingdom would help arm Kurdish forces , support the Iraqi government , keep supplying humanitarian help and coordinate with the United Nations to battle ISIS . "  This is not about British combat troops on the ground , " he said Sunday , "  it is about working with others to extinguish this terrorist threat . " Read more : Britain vows to ` confront ' ISIS France : France has begun reconnaissance flights over Iraq , the French Defense Ministry said . Two Rafale air force planes took off from an air base in the United Arab Emirates , the ministry said . France has contributed 18,000 rounds of .50 - caliber ammunition in the fight against ISIS , a senior U.S. State Department official told reporters Sunday during a background briefing . It 's protocol for officials giving the information not to be quoted by name . France 's air force was also part of a recent operation in the Iraqi town of Amerli that pushed back ISIS fighters and , along with Australia and Great Britain , has performed humanitarian aid drops in Iraq . Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told reporters in Baghdad on Friday that French President François Hollande promised that France "  will participate in efforts to hit terrorist locations in Iraq . " Germany : Geared toward curbing ISIS propaganda and recruitment , Germany has banned activities that support ISIS , including making it illegal to fly the trademark black flag of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Germany has also said it was sending military assistance to the Kurdish region to fight ISIS . Obama said on September 17 that German paratroopers are offering training in the overall effort to fight ISIS . Netherlands : In Sunday 's briefing , a State Department official praised the Netherlands for "  leading an effort " to help curb the flow of foreign fighters coming into the country who may be empathetic to ISIS or assisting it in some way . Dutch leaders have proposed amending national law that would revoke citizenship to those who work with terrorists , The New York Times reported . Canada : A State Department official said Sunday that Canada has provided "  tangible equipment and ammunition " to the broader effort to fight ISIS . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced just days ago that more than 50 Canadian special operations troops are being deployed to Iraq as part of an adviser mission but that there would be no direct military intervention by the country , according to CTV . On Sunday , State Department officials also called out Italy , Poland , Denmark , Albania and Croatia for providing equipment and ammunition in the fight against ISIS . New Zealand , Romania and South Korea were also named for providing humanitarian assistance , with specifics on South Korea giving some $ 1.2 million . Turkey : U.S. officials say Turkey has taken steps to cut the flow of money to ISIS and denied entry to or deported several thousand foreign fighters heading to Syria to join the extremists , CNN 's Elise Labott and Tom Cohen reported Friday . The United States is hoping Turkey will stop oil exports from ISIS-held areas that bring more funding to the group , they write in a piece that examined who is signing on to aid the West fight ISIS . Jordan : Former Jordanian Foreign Minister Marwan Muasher said on CNN on Sunday that he doubts Jordan will commit ground troops in the fight against ISIS . "  The U.S. will have to take the lead in providing military strikes , " he said . Jordan 's key role would be providing intelligence to the West , Muasher said . Speaking from Amman , he stressed that Jordan 's intelligence on ISIS is "  second to none . " Saudi Arabia : On Thursday , Kerry met with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal in Jeddah . U.S. officials say that Saudi Arabia has offered to train rebels on its soil . In a short session with reporters Thursday , al-Faisal and Kerry took questions . Al-Faisal appeared to avoid giving specifics but said that Saudi Arabia has "  always taken initiatives with regard to a firm position towards terrorists and against them . So there is no limit to what the Kingdom can provide in this regard . " The United States also wants Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Egypt to use Arab television networks to spread anti-ISIS messages and encourage more clerics to speak out against the group . Saudi Arabia has also put $ 500 million into the coffers of the U.N. humanitarian aid agencies in Iraq , a senior State Department official said Sunday . CNN 's Labott asked Kerry whether Saudi Arabia supports the extremist expressions of the Wahhabism version of Islam espoused by some terror groups . Kerry responded that the kingdom is "  deeply committed to the effort to terminate " ISIS . A significant part of the counterterrorism effort against the militants includes cutting off money to terror groups , Kerry said . Egypt : Kerry said Saturday that Egypt has a critical role to play in countering ISIS ideology . There was a "  very detailed conversation with the Egyptians about military-to-military cooperation " in Iraq , State Department officials said Sunday , but there appear to be no public details about the role Egypt may play . Signaling a major cultural push against ISIS , last week , Egypt 's grand mufti reportedly condemned the terror group , saying that its actions are not in line with Islam . Qatar : Qatar has flown a number of humanitarian flights , State Department officials said . Iran : Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei said Monday on Twitter that he has rejected the possibility of cooperating with the United States "  because  the  US has corrupted its hands in this issue . " Khamenei accused the United States of planning to use military action against ISIS to "  dominate the region . " Iraqi Kurdistan : Leaders of the semiautonomous region of Iraq are willing to send their Peshmerga forces to fight beyond their borders if there 's a comprehensive international strategy put in place , President Masoud Barzani told CNN 's Anna Coren . A senior U.S. military official told CNN that "  more than one Arab nation " has offered to carry out what the official described as "  kinetic " actions , such as airstrikes against ISIS . Kerry said in a CBS interview aired Sunday that some nations also have offered to commit ground troops . Senior State Department and U.S. military officials said Monday that Kerry was not referring to foreign forces , whether Western or Arab . They are "  indigenous " forces ; that is , Syrian and Iraqi troops , including trained Syrian rebels , Iraqi forces , Kurdish forces and Sunni tribes , the officials said .	France has begun reconnaissance flights over Iraq , its Defense Ministry says Saudi foreign minister : There is "  no limit to what the Kingdom can provide " in fight At U.S. request , Australia is deploying aircraft to aid in battle against terror group British PM says defeating ISIS is "  about working with others "
CNN  -- Pausing to catch her breath at the bottom of the mountain , Lindsey Vonn was back in business . It may not have been fast , it may not have been smooth but it was still a landmark moment for the Olympic downhill champion . The American skiing star had finished her first race since making a complicated recovery from a knee injury . Vonn needed reconstructive surgery on her right knee after landing heavily on the opening day of the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria in February . She has waited 10 months to go racing again and in November her return was put on ice when she partially tore one of her reconstructed knee ligaments in training . There were no complications for Vonn on her first competitive return down Canada 's Lake Louise course -- but her time did not trouble the leaders . She finished her run in one minute 59.22 seconds -- more than three seconds off the leading time and 40th overall . The start of the race had been delayed by hazy cloud and extremely cold temperatures which dropped as low as -36 Celsius . Germany 's Maria Hoefl-Riesch eventually came out on top with the quickest time . Vonn is racing against time to find form and fitness as she attempts to defend her downhill crown at February 's Winter Olympics in the Russian resort of Sochi . There she will aim to emulate the feat of fellow American , Picabo Street , who came back the season after reconstructive surgery to win gold at Nagano in 1998 . Vonn , who is dating golfer Tiger Woods , is a four-time overall World Cup champion and has won two world championship golds in a glittering career on the slopes .	Lindsey Vonn takes part in first ski competition in 10 months The American is recovering from reconstructive surgery on her right knee Vonn finishes more than three seconds off the pace at the World Cup event in Canada The 29-year-old hopes to defend her Olympic downhill in February 's Winter Olympics
EW.com  -- This weekend , a Ridley Scott-directed drama starring Michael Fassbender , Javier Bardem , Cameron Diaz , and Brad Pitt got trounced at the box office by Johnny Knoxville in an old-man costume . Yep , "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " topped the chart with an excellent $ 32 million in its first three days , giving Knoxville his sixth No. 1 movie after his three "  Jackass " films , "  Men in Black II , " and "  The Dukes of Hazzard . " Not a bad run for a guy who built his career on getting pushed into street curbs while sitting inside shopping carts ! "  Bad Grandpa , " which Paramount made on a $ 15 million budget , did n't feature the entire "  Jackass " crew , but it still posted numbers in line with the rest of the irreverent prank franchise . Benedict Cumberbatch 's ` The Fifth Estate ' has worst debut of 2013 While the film opened below 2010â $ ² s "  Jackass 3-D , " which debuted with $ 50 million  boosted , in part , by 3-D ticket prices  , it beat the openings of both "  Jackass : The Movie "  $ 22.8 million  and "  Jackass : Number Two "  $ 29 million  . Audiences gave it a middling "  B " CinemaScore grade , but if it performs similarly to its "  Jackass " predecessors , "  Bad Grandpa " should finish with about $ 70-80 million total . "  Bad Grandpa " finally knocked "  Gravity " out of first place , but Warner Bros ' $ 100 million space drama starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney still managed a terrific hold in its fourth weekend . The film dropped just 32 percent to $ 20.3 million , giving it a $ 200.5 million total and making it Clooney 's highest-grossing film ever ahead of "  Ocean 's Eleven , " which earned $ 183.4 million in 2001 . One rung below , Tom Hanks ' nautical drama "  Captain Phillips " stayed on course in its third voyage . Sony 's $ 55 million film sank just 28 percent to $ 11.8 million and $ 70.1 million total . After a trio of misfires in "  Larry Crowne , " "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close " and "  Cloud Atlas , " "  Phillips " marks a major return-to-form for Hanks . With some likely awards attention in the weeks to come , the film could sail to the $ 100 million mark . Casting Net : Ben Affleck to direct and star in Africa-set thriller Down in fourth place , Ridley Scott 's star-studded drama "  The Counselor " failed out of the gate with just $ 8 million from 3,044 theaters . Fox spent $ 25 million on the film , but audiences were n't impressed by its convoluted ad campaign â $ " and they were n't impressed by the final product either , slapping "  The Counselor " with a distressing "  D " CinemaScore grade . While "  Gravity " and "  Captain Phillips " have thrived in recent weeks , adult dramas like "  Don Jon , " "  Rush , " "  The Fifth Estate " and now "  The Counselor " have fallen by the wayside . After a disappointing debut , horror remake "  Carrie " plummeted by 63 percent in its second weekend to $ 5.9 million , giving Screen Gems ' and MGM 's $ 30 million film an awful $ 26 million total . So much for Halloween appeal easing its decline during the sophomore frame . That opened the door for "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 " to score one final weekend in the top five , grossing $ 6.1 million and pushing its total past $ 100 million . 1 . "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " -- $ 32 million 2 . "  Gravity " -- $ 20.3 million 3 . "  Captain Phillips " -- $ 11.8 million 4 . "  The Counselor " -- $ 8 million 5 . "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 " -- $ 6.1 million Oscar contender "  12 Years a Slave " jumped into the top 10 after expanding from 19 to 123 theaters . The harrowing slavery drama , which earned an "  A " CinemaScore from audiences last weekend , grossed $ 2.2 million , yielding a $ 17,480 location average this weekend and an excellent $ 3.4 million total after 10 days . Fox Searchlight will continue to expand the film  which was produced by Brad Pitt 's production company , Plan B â $ " so it was n't all bad news for the star this weekend  in the weeks to come . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " earned $ 32 million in its first three days "  Bad Grandpa " is star Johnny Knoxville 's sixth No. 1 movie The film also knocked "  Gravity " out of No. 1 That film has now grossed $ 200.5 million
CNN  -- If you are noticing as you travel that more fellow travelers are Chinese , you are not wrong in your observation . It is estimated that almost 100 million Chinese traveled out of China in 2013 with this number expected to reach 200 million by 2018 . These staggering figures can be attributed to China 's growing middle class , more annual leave , easier visa applications to more countries and increased air travel routes to overseas destinations . Today the United States is the top destination for Chinese travelers , followed by several Asian destinations , with Italy , France and Australia also featuring high on the list . As the Chinese take more trips overseas , their booking methods , preference for group size and the types of experiences they desire are also shifting rapidly . China now has more than 618 million Internet users , about 80 % of whom access the Web via their smartphones . So it is not surprising that the technology-savvy Chinese are increasingly booking more travel online . Guided tours remain popular , but group sizes are shrinking and more are opting for individual travel , with the younger generation gradually choosing "  adventure " travel . Shopping is still a priority for Chinese travelers , and this is evident as the item most often left behind in rooms occupied by Chinese guests are old pieces of luggage , presumably because they have upgraded to newer and branded ones to accommodate shopping items . However , "  seeing the world " and "  experiencing life " are growing aspirations as they explore new lands . Based on these trends and developments , the travel and hospitality trade must recognize that a fuller , more nuanced understanding of the cultural and social backgrounds of Chinese travelers , as well as the operational aspects of dealing with the rise of Chinese tourism , is not only fundamental , but absolutely necessary across the sector . From the perspective of a leading global hospitality company providing a "  home away from home " for travelers , we have to be even more attuned to the unique qualities of each nationality , Chinese travelers included . In 2011 , recognizing China 's rising outbound tourism , we launched a program called Hilton "  Huanying , " which means "  welcome " in Chinese . Hotels in our portfolio in the Huanying program offer Chinese-speaking front office staff , amenities such as teapots and slippers in guest rooms , Chinese-language TV channels and a range of traditional Chinese dishes such as congee , noodles and dim sum on the breakfast buffet . While we believe these are steps in the right direction , we are also aware that a lot more can be done to understand and court this fast-growing demographic . As much as the Chinese seek distinct experiences as they travel , we too must recognize that practices such as tipping and queuing are not as common in Chinese culture . And therein lies an opportunity for us as a hospitality company to play an active role in the educational process . For instance , Chinese guests staying at our Conrad Maldives Rangali Island resort are fascinated with the coral formations around the resort , and sometimes try to bring a piece back as a souvenir . Our resort team members receive cultural training that enables them to then educate their Chinese guests on the length of time coral takes to form and the fragility of the formations , and hence the importance of leaving them in their natural state . To put things into context , there was a comparable phenomenon years ago when other nationalities such as Americans and Japanese embarked on international travel , and went through similar "  growing pains . " However , the sheer size of China 's population is such that when even 1 % of the population travels , that is a huge number of people and as such their traits and behaviors are amplified , and inevitably more obvious . Ultimately though , it is a receptiveness to understand , coupled with mutual respect that endear people to learn from one another . We also firmly believe that to win the hearts and minds of the Chinese outbound traveler , we first need to build up strong brand equity within China itself . Being familiar with what a brand has to offer provides a level of trust and comfort to Chinese travelers as they venture further and further afield . I will not deny that the sheer size of China 's outbound tourism numbers , combined with the speed at which travelers ' tastes are changing , make it challenging for those in the travel or hospitality trade to adapt at an equal if not faster pace . But frankly , to not do so is at the peril of your business .	Martin Rinck : More and more Chinese are traveling around the world A more nuanced understanding of the cultural and social backgrounds of Chinese travelers is needed China 's large outbound tourism numbers make it challenging for industry to adapt at equal pace
CNN  -- Battling blustery weather , a Lufthansa Airlines flight scraped its wing on the ground during a landing attempt in Hamburg , Germany , over the weekend . Internet footage of the Lufthansa A320 as it attempts a landing Saturday at Hamburg , Germany . The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around , the spokesman said . Dramatic amateur video of the incident that appeared on the Internet showed the Airbus A320 teetering as it tried to land during the brutal winter storm on Saturday . As it nears the tarmac , one wing visible scrapes the ground . Watch the plane try to land as a passenger describes experience " "  As we were about to touch down , a gust of wind pressed the left wing towards the ground , " a Lufthansa pilot identified only as Oliver A. said in a statement . "  We pulled up immediately . A maneuver we practice in training very often . " The airline said the pilot has been flying for Lufthansa for 17 years . Watch as plane avoids crash " Airline spokesman Wolfgang Weber said the left winglet , a fin at the end of the wing scraped the ground after a gust of wind tipped the plane . Damage to the plane was minimal and not structural . He said the plane is already back in service . • Were you on board ? Send us an iReport E-mail to a friend	Amateur video of the moment the Lufthansa flight scraped its wing Strong winds blamed for the near miss at Hamburg airport The plane recovered and landed safely the second time around
CNN  -- Syrian government officials will attend the international conference dubbed "  Geneva II " that is charged with bringing about an end to the violence that has wracked the country since March 2011 , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Wednesday . Presidential adviser Bouthaina Shaaban told Russia Today TV on Tuesday that the government would attend without preconditions and with the goal of stopping violence and terrorism in the country , SANA reported . She ridiculed the opposition coalition as a front for Saudi intelligence . "  Who does the coalition represent ? " she asked rhetorically , and then cited two groups described as terrorist by the U.S. State Department . "  Is it al Qaeda or Jabhat al-Nusra ? " Shaaban described the Syrian government as a legitimate and elected representative of the Syrian people . In Beirut , Lebanese caretaker Foreign Minister Adnan Mansour said in a statement issued Tuesday that Geneva II is the only solution to the crisis and that Lebanon would participate , if invited , SANA reported . The long-delayed conference would not occur before December , Russian state news agency Itar-Tass reported Tuesday , citing a source close to talks among the United Nations , Russia and the United States . Representatives from the United Nations , Russia and the United States met Tuesday in Geneva in hopes of ironing out a plan for the talks , which have been held up in part because many branches of the Syrian opposition have said they would n't attend , or would n't participate without preconditions . Nineteen largely Islamist rebel groups , for example , last month flatly rejected participating . Some groups want Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down before talks . And the Syrian National Coalition , a rebel umbrella group , said it would n't participate if Iran -- an ally of the Syrian regime -- is invited . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said there will be no preconditions for the talks , Itar-Tass reported Tuesday , adding that preconditions would run counter to plans that the United States and Russia previously drew up for the conference . The United States and Russia announced in May that they would try to bring the warring parties to a second conference in Geneva to implement the peace plan they endorsed at Geneva I in 2012 , which left open the question of whether al-Assad must leave power . Russia 's semi-official Interfax News Agency reported Wednesday that Moscow has invited Syrian opposition leaders to Moscow for "  informal contacts " ahead of Geneva II . "  Our proposal for informal contacts in Moscow as part of the process of organization of Geneva II would be important from the point of view of creating a favorable atmosphere , so that people can meet and discuss their issues , " Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov told reporters . Meanwhile , the killing continued . A bomb exploded Wednesday afternoon at the entrance to Syria 's railway headquarters in the capital , killing at least eight people and wounding others , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Women , children and laborers who were doing maintenance work at the office building at Hijaz Square in central Damascus , SANA said . A photo published by SANA showed exterior concrete steps in pieces ; another photo showed two bags of vegetables abandoned on a nearby street . The explosion comes amid a civil war in the Middle Eastern nation . The Syrian conflict began in March 2011 after government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters during the Arab Spring movement . The United Nations estimates that more than 100,000 people have died in the conflict . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Presidential adviser Shaaban says the government will attend without preconditions She ridicules the opposition coalition as a front for Saudi intelligence Women , children , laborers are among those killed , SANA reports .
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Tensions between the Koreas remained high Friday as China appeared to criticize the U.S.-South Korean military exercise set to begin Sunday in the Yellow Sea off the west coast of the Korean Peninsula . "  We oppose any party to take any military acts in our exclusive economic zone without permission , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement , according to the state-run Xinhua News Agency . He said that international law of the sea says that an exclusive economic zone stretches 200 nautical miles from the coast . The United States is sending the aircraft carrier USS George Washington to join South Korea 's forces near the coasts of China and North Korea in the four-day drill . It is set to begin five days after North Korea shelled a South Korean island , killing four South Koreans and wounding 15 others . North Korea said the South provoked the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . South Korea was holding its annual Hoguk military drill when the North started its shelling . Xinhua quoted Chinese scholars who also criticized the planned drill by U.S. and South Korean  Republic of Korea  forces . "  The United States and ROK should not take sensitive and provocative military actions at such a sensitive time and place , " said Major General Luo Yuan , a researcher with the Chinese People 's Liberation Army 's Military Science Academy . He likened the planned exercise to "  pouring oil onto flames . " But China , North Korea 's largest trading partner , also called for an easing of tensions . "  As the Korean Peninsula situation is highly complicated and sensitive , all parties concerned should stay calm and exercise restraint , " Hong said . The United States has looked to China to exert its influence on North Korea to ratchet back tensions in the region . But there was no indication that plan was working . North Korea continued its war rhetoric , saying Friday that South Korea and the United States are recklessly pushing the Korean peninsula toward war by scheduling the joint military drill to begin this weekend . "  The situation on the Korean peninsula is inching closer to the brink of war due to the reckless plan of those trigger-happy elements to stage again the war exercises targeted against -LSB- North Korea -RSB- in wake of the grave military provocation they perpetrated against the territorial waters of -LSB- the North Korean -RSB- side in the West Sea , " said the North 's official KCNA news agency . The West Sea , part of the Yellow Sea that is nearest to the Koreas , was the scene of Tuesday 's shelling . "  The army and people of -LSB- North Korea -RSB- are now greatly enraged at the provocation of the puppet group , while getting fully ready to give a shower of dreadful fire and blow up the bulwark of the enemies if they dare to encroach again upon -LSB- North Korea 's -RSB- dignity and sovereignty even in the least , " KCNA said Friday . "  The group should not run amok , clearly understanding the will and mettle of the highly alerted army and people of -LSB- North Korea -RSB- to wipe out the enemies . " Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi met Friday with North Korean Ambassador to China Chi Jae Ryong and talked with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung-hwan , Xinhua said . "  They exchanged views on issues including the situation of the Korean Peninsula , " according to a statement released Friday night by the Chinese Foreign Ministry , it added . The United States has condemned the attack on Yeonpyeong Island and affirmed its military commitments to South Korea . Also Friday , South Korea named a new defense minister to replace the official who resigned Thursday amid criticism due to North Korea 's sinking of a warship in March and Tuesday 's deadly shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island . South Korea 's government nominated Kim Kwan-jin as defense minister , a Blue House media official told CNN . The National Assembly is to hold a confirmation hearing on the 61-year-old Kim , who served as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 2006 to 2008 , prior to his retirement . South Korean and U.S. forces plan to drill in the Yellow Sea from Sunday until Wednesday . The United States has described the drill as defensive in nature . The exercises were planned months ago , and are meant to underscore strong ties between South Korea and the United States , defense officials from both countries have said . All but about 30 of the island 's 1,300 residents have evacuated , with most of them moving to the South Korean mainland , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . About 100 soldiers and workers also were on the island , doing cleanup and repairs . The North appeared to have carefully targeted Tuesday 's attack , a key South Korean lawmaker said Friday after a visit to Yeonpyeong Island . "  My hunch is that North Korea was picking and choosing its aiming point , they are very focused , " said South Korean Congresswoman Song Young-sun , an influential member of the National Assembly 's Defense Committee . "  They attacked gas station , helicopter pad and command and control sites and water tanks . Everything that is directly related to military operations , they have completely smashed . " Asked why North Korea might have attacked , she said : "  I think they are doing this training for dual purposes . One is for South Korea : They are arbitrarily suggesting the different maritime border line from our Northern Limit Line . They are trying to verify what they demand , so they are doing exercises and training . " The expected forthcoming succession of power from North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il to his youngest son , Kim Jong Un , also plays into it , Song said . "  What Kim Jong Un wants to demonstrate is his influence and his exertion of power , because he needs in a very speedy time to prove within the next couple of years that he is strong and qualified to succeed , " she said . The South has scrambled as a result of Tuesday 's shelling . The Cheonan sinking sparked a public uproar , with many saying that it should not have been possible for North Korea to have damaged South Korea 's more modern military . North Korea has denied involvement in the sinking . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak drew criticism for his initial statements after the Yeonpyeong bombardment , when he asked for a stern response but also called for de-escalatory measures to be taken . Later that day , Lee spoke to the military and urged heavy retaliation . South Korea said Thursday it will strengthen its rules of engagement in the Yellow Sea . South Korean marine forces based in five islands near North Korea and the disputed Northern Limit Line also will be reinforced , a government spokesman said . The tense maritime border between the two Koreas has become the major military flash point on the Korean peninsula in recent years . The Yeonpyeong attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting , though both Koreas are still technically at war . Andrew Salmon contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Tensions remain high as China opposes military exercise off west coast of peninsula A new defense minister nominee is named Friday North Korea apparently targeted key sites on Yeonpyeong Island , a South Korean lawmaker says A joint military drill is a "  reckless plan " by "  trigger-happy elements , " the North says
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq 's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki will not run for a third term when his current one expires in 2014 , the nation 's state television reported Sunday . Al-Maliki is also working to pass legislation that limits his successors to a maximum of two four-year terms in office , a senior parliamentary advisor told CNN . "  If al-Maliki passes this constitutional amendment then that means he definitely wo n't be a prime minister for a third term , " said Ali Hadi al-Moussawi , an adviser to the prime minister . Iraq 's constitution restricts the country 's president from seeking a third term but does not set term limits for the prime minister or members of parliament . The news comes two days after al-Maliki said he would cut his salary in half amid growing unrest over poor public services and water shortages . Protesters around Iraq have said popular uprisings in both Egypt and Tunisia inspired their weeklong demonstrations for improvements in government services and their quality of life . Thousands have rallied across the country in the past week , railing against rampant poverty , a 45 % national unemployment rate and shortages of food , electricity and water , including several hundred in three different parts of Baghdad on Friday . Al-Maliki said those concerns prompted his decision to axe his salary , which he said would "  help reduce the differences in the living standards for different classes . " "  Fifty percent of my monthly salary as prime minister will be reduced and returned to the government 's treasury starting from the current month , as a contribution from me to reduce the difference in the salaries of the state officials , " al-Maliki said in a statement on his official website . Meanwhile , Iraq 's government submitted a revised draft budget to members of parliament Sunday , boosting projected public spending amid rising oil prices and slight decreases in the country 's expected oil exports , according to government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh . The new plan would create projected deficits of up to 16 percent , he said . The budget is based on an average oil price of $ 76.5 per barrel and projected exports of 2.2 million barrels of oil per day , including 100,000 daily barrel exports from Iraq 's autonomous Kurdish region . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Revised budget will boost public spending amid rising oil prices , official says NEW : The new plan adds to projected deficits Al-Maliki wants to pass legislation that limits successors to two four-year terms Iraq 's constitution does not set term limits for the prime minister or lawmakers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House refused to indicate Monday whether President Obama will issue a posthumous pardon for Jack Johnson , the African-American boxing champion convicted in 1913 for dating a white woman . Jack Johnson 's 1910 defeat of Jim Jeffries , the "  Great White Hope , " sparked riots . The House of Representatives on July 29 unanimously passed a resolution urging Obama to grant a pardon ; the Senate passed a similar measure by a voice vote on June 24 . The push for a rare posthumous pardon has been spearheaded for years by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , and Rep. Peter King , R-New York , two of Congress ' top boxing enthusiasts . "  It is our hope that you will be eager to agree to right this wrong and erase an act of racism that sent an American citizen to prison , " they wrote Friday in a letter to Obama . Johnson , the first African-American to win the heavyweight title , was convicted for violating the Mann Act , which outlawed the transportation of women across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . He served 10 months in prison on charges "  brought forward clearly to keep him away from the boxing ring , where he continued to defeat his white opponents , " McCain and King said . Almost a century after Johnson 's conviction , his compelling saga has continued to capture the interest of sports writers , civil rights activists and historians . It provides , they agree , a unique window into American politics and culture at a time when Jim Crow-style racism reigned supreme . Johnson was first arrested for breaking the Mann Act in 1912 , four years after winning the heavyweight crown . That case fell apart , but investigators soon after charged him with a similar offense involving a woman he had dated years earlier . Justice Department lawyers argued it was a "  crime against nature " for him to have a sexual relationship with a white woman . Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis , later to become the first commissioner of Major League Baseball , set Johnson 's bail at $ 30,000 , the equivalent of more than $ 660,000 today . When a bail bondsman showed up , Landis jailed him , too , according to an account that filmmaker Ken Burns relays in his documentary "  Unforgivable Blackness : The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson . " An all-white jury convicted Johnson in less than two hours . "  Mr. Johnson was perhaps persecuted as an individual , but ... it was his misfortune to be the foremost example of the evil in permitting the intermarriage of whites and blacks , " one of the prosecutors later said . Johnson 's real crime , in the eyes of many , was committed on July 4 , 1910 , when he successfully defended his boxing title against Jim Jeffries , a white boxer who came to be called the "  Great White Hope " because many white fans saw him as the best chance to wrest back a boxing title from the African-American champ . Johnson beat Jeffries , who had come out of retirement for the fight , before a stunned , almost entirely white crowd in Reno , Nevada . Race riots followed . More than 20 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Most victims were black . So when they "  could n't beat him in the ring , the white power establishment decided to beat him in the courts , " Burns said in his documentary . Johnson fled to Europe in 1913 while free on appeal . But after years of fights overseas , including the eventual loss of his title in Havana , Cuba , in 1915 , Johnson came home . He turned himself over to U.S. authorities at the Mexican border in 1920 and served 10 months in prison . He died in a car wreck in 1946 . "  Back then , if you were black and you were told that you did something wrong , you really had no recourse , " Linda Haywood , Johnson 's great-niece , recently told CNN . "  You just accepted what was done because black people were basically powerless and voiceless . Jack may have been a rich boxer , but he could n't fight the system . " McCain and King introduced resolutions calling for a presidential pardon in 2005 and last year . McCain , who says he made a mistake by once voting against a federal holiday for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , sees the pardon as a way to right an old wrong . "  The Jack Johnson case is an ignominious stain on our nation 's history , " he said on the Senate floor in the spring . "  Rectifying this injustice is long overdue . -LSB- The resolution recognizes -RSB- the unjustness of what transpired , and sheds light on the achievements of an athlete who was forced into the shadows of bigotry and prejudice . "	Jack Johnson , the African-American boxing champion , convicted in 1913 Sen. John McCain , Rep. Peter King back posthumous pardon Resolutions passed House and Senate this summer Johnson served 10 months in prison for dating a white woman
CNN  -- Last week , Apple released its sixth annual supplier responsibility report , which detailed violations made by its suppliers . In the same week , news surfaced that about 150 Chinese workers at a giant manufacturing plant that produces Microsoft 's Xbox 360 had threatened mass suicide by throwing themselves off their factory rooftop amid a labor dispute . The incident involving one of Apple 's chief competitors took place at a Foxconn factory complex in Wuhan , roughly 600 miles from the better-known port city of Shenzhen . American media outlets carried a haunting photo showing dozens of workers assembled on a rooftop , with several standing at its edge . We pluck our favorite phone or game controller off racks at our local electronics store , or they arrive at our doorstep , but in fact , they originate in Chinese cities like Shenzhen and Wuhan . As a result , labor disputes and injustices on the other side of the world feel far away and difficult to judge . Journalistic exposÃ © s , along with Mike Daisey 's highly scrutinized one-man play "  The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs , " have sought to raise awareness of conditions at Foxconn factories in China in recent months . They describe long hours , low wages and overcrowded worker housing units , even if Businessweek reported last May that Foxconn had started making strides under pressure from Apple . Still , as we hear stories like the one out of Wuhan last week -- albeit not of Apple , but one of its competitors -- there seems to be a collective sense of confusion , helplessness and resignation on the part of consumers . The fact that we are overwhelmed is understandable . Foxconn is the unimaginably huge , yet virtually unknown producer of the most popular , best-selling gadgets of our time , with an estimated 800,000 employees . It manufactures products like Amazon 's Kindle , Nintendo 's Wii , Microsoft 's Xbox and Sony 's PlayStation , among many other consumer electronics . But chief among them are Apple 's iPhone and iPad , which dwarf most others in sales and stature . As the unrivaled global technology leader , Apple needs to step up its pressure on Foxconn and raise its supply chain standards to remedy labor injustices . We consumers need to stand with them ; we 've done it before . Just look at the sweatshop movement in the 1990s . The National Labor Committee created a media frenzy over the child labor that was used to create Kathie Lee Gifford 's Walmart label , effectively ending it . On a larger scale , the United Students Against Sweatshops all but eradicated products that were created by exploitative labor for sale on campuses , simply by raising awareness among students and demanding more from manufacturing standards . In recent days , students at Duke University , Apple CEO Tim Cook 's alma mater , published an open letter calling on Cook and Apple to guarantee "  conflict-free " products . In releasing Apple 's supplier responsibility report , Cook is acknowledging Apple 's role , and in an internal memo to Apple staff , he said , "  No one in our industry is driving improvements for workers the way Apple is today . " We , as consumers , have to embrace our own responsibility to the workers who labor over our coveted gadgets by keeping pressure on Apple and its competitors to ensure that they will change their ways . With injuries and suicides at Foxconn 's manufacturing facilities already documented , lives are literally on the line . We can start by demanding that Apple and other companies that use suppliers like Foxconn provide a safe and healthy work environment for their employees . If Foxconn can deliver on Apple 's extraordinary product and packaging demands , it certainly has the ability to make this happen . Scores of Chinese workers have stood up under desperate , if not oppressive , circumstances by one of Apple 's foremost competitors , probably just trying to keep up . While Daisey and others remain intent on associating Apple 's late founder with the company 's poor labor practices , this can and should be Cook 's defining moment . After all , before being anointed CEO , Cook was the supply chain guru behind Apple 's remarkable rebirth and success . But this is n't just on Cook or Apple ; it 's on all of us . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Cary .	Last week , Chinese workers at Foxconn threatened mass suicide in a labor dispute John Cary : Consumers must help workers who make products under tough conditions Consumers need to pressure Apple to improve its supply-side standards , he says He says this is CEO Tim Cook 's moment to fix the labor injustices associated with Apple products
CNN  -- Police cars and fire trucks surrounded Jefferson County Open School in Colorado Monday , as hazmat crews decontaminated students outside -- spraying them down , fully clothed , in cordoned-off sections under a blue tent . Students coming in after recess had reported eye and skin irritations . Thirty kids and a teacher 's aide were eventually treated for symptoms similar to an allergic reaction , according to CNN affiliate KUSA . A handful were taken to the hospital . The rest were evacuated to a church down the street . The K-12 Colorado school remained closed on Tuesday as investigators tried to figure out what "  toxic irritant " had been released on the playground . They quickly figured out that it was n't fertilizer or pepper spray , KUSA reports . Six habanero chili peppers caused this hot mess . Investigators found the spicy fruits scattered in the wood chips near the playground , school district communications director Lyyn Setzler told CNN . It is n't known how the peppers got there , she said . Habaneros generally score between 100,000 and 350,000 units on the Scoville scale , which measures chili pepper hotness . "  The scale is actually a measure of the concentration of the chemical compound capsaicin , which is the active component that produces the heat sensation for humans , " according to ChiliWorld.com . For comparison , jalepeno peppers usually score 2,500 to 5,000 units . When you grind  or step on  habanero peppers , capsaicin particles can be released into the air . Breathing them in or getting them in your eyes can cause a burning sensation . "  As a person who grows some painful peppers , I have learned the hard way to take heed when handling them , " says CNN Eatocracy editor Kat Kinsman . "  It 's all fun and games until you get some pepper juice in your eye , and then it 's as if the sun is exploding . " The spiciest dish I ever ate The school is washing down the playground equipment and surfaces that may have been exposed to the pepper oil , KUSA reports . The wood chips are also being replaced . All the students who were brought to hospital for evaluation were released the same day , and all are fine , according to the local fire department . Setzler says the school expects to re-open tomorrow morning . CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this story .	Jefferson County Open School was evacuated on Monday Hazmat crews decontaminated students outside , spraying them down Investigators found six habanero chili peppers on the playground
CNN  -- Indonesia 's response to a massive earthquake and a tsunami scare Wednesday highlights a critical reality : Warning systems and emergency responses have come a long way since the catastrophe of eight years ago . But there 's still work to be done -- not just in Indonesia , but in some other countries throughout the region as well . Fears that Wednesday 's 8.6-magnitude quake and resulting tsunami alert could bring a repeat of the 2004 disaster dissipated quickly as seismologists determined that Wednesday 's events were very different and much less dangerous . In the intervening hours , Indonesia put in place many of the procedures it has worked on for years , including some practiced at a drill witnessed by CNN in 2009 . "  The lesson of 2004 is something that we 're not going to repeat at this stage , " vowed Teuku Faizasyah , a spokesman for the Indonesian president 's office . Speaking to CNN while evacuations were under way in parts of his country , he said the government was working "  to bring confidence among the people that the government is with them . " Residents were being evacuated from some areas and encouraged to head to higher ground quickly , and authorities were trying to get information from remote areas , he said . Later , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center lifted a tsunami watch for the entire Indian Ocean , indicating the threat had passed . "  The tsunami warning system worked well , " said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , spokesman for the National Disaster Management Agency . "  People reacted quickly and evacuated to higher ground . Mosques , churches helped spread the information to the public . There was panic but that 's expected . " No serious casualties or major damage was reported Wednesday from the quake and the 8.2-magnitude aftershock off the coast of Sumatra . Four people were slightly injured on Simeulue Island , off the coast of Aceh , the disaster management agency spokesman said . In 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude quake triggered a tsunami that ultimately killed nearly 230,000 people in the region . "  In 2004 , the quake was closer to the coast , stronger and was a different kind of earthquake , " CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . "  In 2004 , the sea floor moved vertically , and this thrust displaced a lot of water , which produced the large tsunami . In this case , the plates moved more horizontally , and therefore a large tsunami was not generated . " "  Even though the epicenters were only about 200 miles  about 320 kilometers  apart , they occurred on different tectonic plates , " CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller added . "  There are several plates that come together in this area , which is why it is so tectonically active . Today 's quake occurred on the Indian plate , while the 2004 quake occurred on the Burma plate . " A 9.1-magnitude quake is 3.2 times larger , and more than 5 times stronger , than an 8.6-magnitude quake , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Tsunami warning sirens blared Wednesday in parts of Indonesia , and the other steps taken show that "  governments are more prepared , " said CNN weather anchor Mari Ramos . "  There are sirens in place along coastal communities . There are buoys in the ocean to measure water level changes . There is better communication among government agencies , countries and the media . The word gets out much more quickly , and that helps saves lives , " Ramos said . However , "  the number of measuring devices in the Indian Ocean is tiny compared to the Pacific . It 's a start , but more are needed . " In October 2009 , CNN 's Dan Rivers visited the devastated Aceh region . He watched a well-organized tsunami drill , complete with droning alarms and people covered in fake blood fleeing from an imaginary wave . Authorities have built tsunami shelters that are raised high and can hold several hundred people , he said . Escape routes are marked . While it was not immediately clear how many people headed to higher ground Wednesday , some videos from the region showed people apparently leaving low-lying areas . That speaks to another important change from 2004 : People are more aware of the danger . Back then , "  there was nothing , " Rivers said . "  No one really knew what to do , no one even knew what a tsunami was . " Now , Ramos adds , "  Overall , the general population is much more aware . " The need for that awareness applies to citizens of other countries as well , said Walter Braunohler , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Thailand . "  Sadly , we did learn a lot of lessons from that  2004  natural disaster , " he said Wednesday . "  And one of the biggest ones is that people should really keep in touch with their embassy . " Other countries in the region also reacted quickly to Wednesday 's tsunami threat . Thailand issued an evacuation order for everyone along the Andaman coast Wednesday , according to state-run news agency MCOT . In the Maldives , some resorts were evacuated as a precaution , according to CNN 's Erin Burnett , who was on vacation in the islands . But , she said , "  what strikes me most is essentially the lack of a warning system " in the Maldives . Officials rely primarily on information from the U.S. Geological Survey , she said . That speaks to the problem the region still faces , Ramos said . "  The fact that the Maldives were included in the  warning center  bulletin is an improvement from 2004 . But there 's still a long way to go . "	NEW : The warning system worked well , Indonesia says Nearly 230,000 people died in the 2004 tsunami Wednesday 's quakes were different , CNN meteorologists say While warnings and responses have improved , there 's still a long way to go in some areas
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Eight men plotted to use bombs disguised in drinks containers to blow up planes heading towards the United States in mid-flight in the name of Islam , a British court heard Tuesday . The eight men deny conspiracy to murder by plotting to blow up transatlantic aircraft . Prosecutors told London 's Woolwich Crown Court the men planned to make the explosives from household objects to resemble drinks bottles , batteries and other items to be carried onto aircraft in hand luggage , the UK 's Press Association reported . The foiling of the alleged plot in August 2006 triggered the imposition of strict new security measures at international airports around the world , restricting the quantity of liquids passengers can carry on to aircraft . The measures , which led to massive delays and scores of canceled flights when they were imposed overnight , remain in place at many airports . Prosecutor Peter Wright described two of the men , Abdulla Ahmed Ali , 28 , and Assad Sarwar , 28 , as ringleaders of an Islamic fundamentalist conspiracy , according to PA. . "  It was an interest that involved inflicting heavy casualties upon an unwitting civilian population all in the name of Islam , " he said . "  These men were indifferent to the carnage that was likely to ensue if their plans were successful . To them the identities of their victims was an irrelevance by race , color , religion or creed . "  What these men intended to bring about together and with others was a violent and deadly statement of intent that would have a truly global impact . " Wright said the bombs were to be carried onto flights to the United States by suicide bombers as part of a plot hatched in Britain and Pakistan , according to PA. . He said a computer memory stick seized at the time of the defendants ' arrests listed details of flights operated by three carriers -- American Airlines , United Airlines and Air Canada -- between August and October 2006 . "  If each of these flights were successfully blown up the potential for loss of life was considerable , " Wright said . Ali , Sarwar and six others including Tanvir Hussain , 27 , Ibrahim Savant , 28 , Arafat Waheed Khan , 27 , Waheed Zaman , 24 , Umar Islam , 30 , and Donald Stewart-Whyte , 22 , deny conspiracy to murder . The trial is expected to last 10 months .	Prosecutors say the men planned to make bombs out of household items Eight accused of being involved in an Islamic fundamentalist plot American Airlines , United Airlines and Air Canada were alleged intended targets
By the time the summer of 1974 rolled around , America was ready for a break . The Vietnam War had ended for the United States the year prior , but the emotional and psychological toll at home had just begun . The lifting of the 1973 oil embargo in March 1974 eased economic tensions and allowed Americans to hit the open roads once again . And , let 's not forget the Watergate scandal . By the summer of 1974 , the fate of most of the president 's men had been decided , and the Supreme Court had rejected President Richard Nixon 's claims of executive privilege , paving the way for his resignation August 9 . It was a time of weariness and confusion , which was reflected in the music and films of 1974 . But it also was a period of transition for America as the progressive values that emerged in the 1960s around political awareness and women 's rights continued to flourish . A shift in pop culture also was under way , from Beatlemania and Flower Power to disco and what Tom Wolfe dubbed the "  Me " decade . Browse through the gallery above for a look back at the summer of 1974 . Do you remember life in the 1970s ? Share your memories in the comments !	Historians view the 1970s as a transitional era in the United States In 1974 , Americans were weary from the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal Ahead of them was disco and the "  Me " decade
CNN  -- Madonna 's petition to adopt a second Malawian child was rejected by a local judge Friday , an official said . Madonna is pictured leaving a court in Malawi late last month . "  The decision came down to residency requirement and the fact that the judge believes she was being well taken care of in the orphanage , " said Zione Ntaba , a spokeswoman for the Malawi Justice Department . "  For the Malawians , the fact that the child is at an orphanage , is being taken care of and is going through the school education system , that does qualify as the best interests of a child , " Ntaba added . The 50-year-old pop star had filed a petition to adopt a girl , Chifundo James , 4 , whose first name translates to mercy in Chichewa , the country 's national language . She has three other children , including a son she adopted from the southern African nation in 2006 . Watch more about the court 's refusal " The rejection follows weeks of criticism by human rights activists , who said Madonna was using her fame to circumvent a residency requirement for foreigners adopting in the country . Do you agree with the decision ? A coalition of local nonprofits from across the country accused Madonna on Thursday of taking advantage of a weakness in the country 's child protection system . Days earlier , the charity Save the Children UK had urged the American singer to rethink the adoption and let the child be raised by her relatives . Local media have reported that the child 's teenage mother died days after she gave birth to her . "  This is a triumph for the children of Malawi , " said Mavuto Bamusi , the national coordinator of Malawi Human Rights Consultative Committee . "  Inter-country adoption is not the best way of providing protection to children ... they should grow up in familiar cultural and religious surroundings , " Bamusi said , adding that "  supporting children from outside our country only helps five of the 1.5 million orphans we have . " Despite the controversies , a majority of Malawians were rooting for the adoption . Marilyn Segula , a presenter at Capital FM , which broadcasts in at least five cities , including the capital , Lilongwe said Thursday that 99 percent of callers wanted the adoption to be approved . "  People are saying : ` Why are these -LSB- non-governmental organizations -RSB- pretending to care now ? If anyone wanted to amend the law , they should have done it with other adoptions . ' " The recently divorced singer was married to British filmmaker Guy Ritchie . She has been involved with Malawi for several years and made a documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " to highlight poverty , AIDS and other diseases devastating children in that country . She also co-founded a nonprofit group , Raising Malawi , which provides programs to help the needy .	Official : The decision came down to residency requirement Critics say pop star is taking advantage of "  archaic adoption laws " Most Malawians , however , back Madonna and want her to have the baby Madonna has three children already , include a boy she adopted from Malawi in 2006
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A royal chauffeur was suspended Sunday after he allegedly allowed undercover reporters from a British tabloid to enter Buckingham Palace in exchange for cash . Buckingham Palace has been the subject of high-profile security breaches before . Mazher Mahmood , of the London-based News of the World , claimed he was allowed to enter the London residence of Queen Elizabeth II without security checks after paying a man identified as a Buckingham chauffeur # 1,000  $ 1,591  . Footage of the incident filmed undercover showed the chauffeur giving Mahmood , whose face was blurred , a tour of the royal garage and , at one point , allowing him to sit in one of the vehicles . A palace spokesperson told CNN that the chauffeur "  has been suspended pending further investigation . " British media named the chauffeur , but CNN could not independently confirm his identity . Meanwhile , Mahmood 's editor , Robert Jobson , told ITN : "  Nobody stopped him , nobody actually challenged him . It actually exposes a serious lapse in security at Buckingham Palace . " Jobson added that even senior members of the royal family and longtime staffers are required to present photo identification cards upon entry to the palace . "  Our investigator is sitting where the queen sits in the royal limo , " Jobson said , referring to the video . "  And the fact is , we 've been told that security has been tightened up , that these things would n't happen again , new rules and regulations were brought in -- they simply have n't worked . " A spokesman for Scotland Yard told CNN , "  We are naturally concerned about the issues raised by this story and are liaising with palace officials about their staff security arrangements . " A police statement issued to CNN later Sunday said : "  We are naturally concerned about the issues raised by this story and are liaising with palace officials about their staff security arrangements . " Buckingham Palace has experienced a number of high-profile security lapses in the past . In 2003 an investigation was launched after "  comedy terrorist " Aaron Barschak gatecrashed Prince William 's 21st birthday party at Windsor Castle , PA reported . Wearing a dress , beard and sunglasses , Barschak climbed on stage as the prince addressed the crowd , and kissed him on both cheeks . That same year , a journalist with the Daily Mirror newspaper spent two months "  working undercover " as a palace footman .	Reporter claims he entered palace after paying a "  Buckingham chauffeur " News of the World reporter filmed being allowed to sit in one of the royal vehicles Palace spokeswoman says officials are investigating the tabloid 's allegation
CNN  -- At their president 's urging , Sri Lankans took to the streets Sunday to rail against a critical United Nations report that found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the country 's civil war . Hundreds turned out for the peaceful demonstration in Colombo , answering a call from President Mahinda Rajapaksa . The protesters , who joined up with a larger May Day rally demonstrating for worker 's rights , targeted the United Nations , some of them holding up signs tweaking the world body 's Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . It was in response to a U.N. report released Monday , in which a three-member panel recommended that Sri Lanka immediately conduct an investigation into the alleged violations of international law and take other measures to "  advance accountability . " Human rights groups have already alleged that both government troops and Tamil Tiger rebels violated humanitarian laws and that thousands of civilians were killed during the war , which ended in May 2009 after the government declared victory . The rebels had fought a 26-year bloody separatist war that left thousands dead and large numbers of others internally displaced , according to the United Nations . The report concluded there were "  credible allegations , which if proven , indicate that a wide range of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international humanitarian rights law was committed both by the government of Sri Lanka and the LTTE  rebels  , some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . " In the war 's final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni , where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . The report said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left large numbers of civilians dead . Some of the shelling happened in no-fire zones where the government had encouraged civilians to congregate , the report said . Government forces also shelled a U.N. hub , food distribution lines and fired near ships belonging to the International Committee of the Red Cross that were picking up the wounded and their relatives from beaches , the report said . The government shelled hospitals on the front lines as well , some of them repeatedly , the report said . "  Most civilian casualties in the final phases of the war were caused by government shelling , " the report said . The U.N. secretary-general 's spokesman said Ban "  sincerely hopes that this advisory report will make a contribution to full accountability and justice so that the Sri Lankan government and people will be able to proceed towards national reconciliation and peace . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalist Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	President Mahinda Rajapaksa urged Sri Lankans to protest in Colombo on Sunday They came to protest a critical U.N. report alleging war crimes Human rights groups have accused both rebels and government troops of abuses
EW.com  -- Pay no attention to the title : Martin Scorsese 's new shoot-the-works epic "  The Wolf of Wall Street " is n't about rapacious stockbrokers or shady financial shenanigans . It 's about drugs . Lots and lots of drugs . From its twisted opening scene , where a floor of coked-up boiler-room meatheads toss dwarfs for bacchanalian sport , the feverishly paced film is hell-bent on making the audience feel like they just snorted a Belushian mountain of blow . You can practically feel your teeth grinding to dust . As with any high , though , it also does n't know when to stop . From ` Hustle ' to ` Mr. Banks , ' the season 's films make music into magic Based on Wall Street evil genius Jordan Belfort 's 2007 memoir about getting insanely rich from conning investors , "  Wolf " stars Leonardo DiCaprio as an amoral Horatio Alger with a rolled C-note up his nose . He gives a hell of a performance that 's electrifyingly loose , perversely funny , and dripping with jerk charisma . Like Ray Liotta in "  GoodFellas , " DiCaprio 's character explains through wise-guy voice-overs how he pulled off one of the most brazen and boneheaded scams in history . The film chronicles Belfort 's improbable ascent from eager brokerage-house trainee  under the gonzo tutelage of a scene-stealing Matthew McConaughey  to Black Monday casualty to silver-tongued swindler , cold-calling suckers to peddle them worthless stocks out of a former auto-body garage . Oscar Too-Due List : Which never-nominated actors really deserve a nod ? He proves to be such a born salesman that in no time he and his merry band of macho Bayside , Queens , goombahs  led by a terrific Jonah Hill as Belfort 's bucktoothed loose-cannon sidekick  have more money than they know what to do with . So they blow it on Bond-villain yachts , trophy wives , and insane quantities of coke . Soon the firm becomes a millionaire-minting mecca , attracting both wannabe Gordon Gekkos and the attention of a hungry FBI agent  Kyle Chandler  who drools over Belfort 's nouveau-riche toys while vowing to bring the drug-fueled Caligula down . It says something about DiCaprio 's oily charm that you almost want him to get away with it . As bad judgment and paranoia take hold and the high rollers get careless about stashing their loot in Swiss banks , "  Wolf 's " pace never stops panting . And you ca n't help but be amazed that it 's the work of a 71-year-old . After five decades behind the camera , Scorsese still works with the frantic energy of a man who 's got something to prove . But the director also has to know that his film could have used some trimming . Clocking in at just a minute under three hours , "  Wolf " starts to repeat itself as we 're given one scene after another of men behaving badly . If you 're feeling charitable , you could argue that the movie 's running time is meant to mirror its theme of excess . Then again , you could also say that it 's just way too long . There 's a reason roller-coaster rides last for only a few minutes . Still , Scorsese has pulled off something tricky with "  Wolf " : He 's given us a thrilling cautionary tale about a guy who never for a second seems the slightest bit sorry for what he 's done . If anything , he just had the bad luck to get caught . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Wolf of Wall Street " is a feverishly paced film Leo DiCaprio gives a strong performance as Wall Street crook Jordan Belfort The film could 've used a stronger edit Still , director Martin Scorsese pulled off something tricky with ` Wolf '
CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 10:07 p.m. ET -RSB- The New England Patriots are going to the Super Bowl for the eighth time after defeating the visiting Indianapolis Colts 45-7 in the AFC Championship Game on Sunday . The Patriots will play the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX on February 1 . -LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 6:32 p.m. ET -RSB- The defending NFL champion Seattle Seahawks downed the Green Bay Packers 28-22 in overtime , in Sunday 's NFC Championship Game . The Seahawks , who beat the Broncos in last year 's NFL title game , will face either the Indianapolis Colts or the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLIX on February 1 . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 11:31 a.m. ET -RSB- The end is near . In two weeks , the Super Bowl will be upon us . After this grandest of American sports spectacles , the salad days of basketball and baseball will follow , along with a smattering of other sports , but in the good ol' US of A , we know who is king . No , not LeBron James , silly . Football is king . These last two weeks of pro football are what every fan has been waiting for , even as a sinking feeling grows in the pit of each of their stomachs with the realization that after 12 more quarters of football , it 's over till September . Conversely , wives and girlfriends , and even husbands and boyfriends , will rejoice as the football gods return their beloved -- not to mention her or his attention span -- and weekend productivity will reach peaks unseen since the summer . Soon , your loved one can finally join you on your IKEA trip for a second opinion on that bookcase . But before you get too excited , you must get through these last 14 days , and what better way to build some goodwill ahead of next month 's IKEA trip than to show you care what happens ? Pretending you care about the Super Bowl is easy . NFL fans are sure everyone cares about the Super Bowl , even if you 're secretly hoping the men in tight pants quit throwing the brown "  ball " around so you can see more $ 10 million Doritos commercials . Conference championships are another story . In fact , you may be asking , "  What 's a conference championship ? " Fear not , you indifferent soul you . CNN has you covered with five things that will make you look as though you have more than the slightest idea what is happening Sunday . In the National Football Conference , the Seattle Seahawks and the Green Bay Packers will face off in Seattle at 3:05 p.m. ET , while the New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts will kick off the American Football Conference championship in Foxborough , Massachusetts , at 6:40 p.m. ET . What 's a Seahawk ? Do n't ask that aloud . No one knows . But they 're the defending champions after stomping the Denver Broncos in last year 's Super Bowl . Want to start a fun conversation over the dip bowl ? Ask how it is that Denver quarterback Peyton Manning is always mentioned among the greatest , yet with one exception , always loses at some point in the playoffs . After the heated debate dies down , you can say matter-of-factly , "  Well , at least he has a career in shilling pizza and insurance to fall back on . " Then , toss some chips in your mouth and walk off . It appears Las Vegas is not expecting much of a contest in either game . Both games are predicted to be decided by a touchdown , which is a rather large spread for a conference championship . In the regular season , the Seahawks beat the Packers by 20 points in Week 1 , while the Patriots beat the Colts by 22 in Week 11 , but do n't pay that too much attention . Weeks can be like dog years in the NFL . Seattle is a 7 - or 8-point favorite over Green Bay , which is n't that surprising given Seattle has been on a tear of late , Green Bay 's quarterback is gimpy  more on that shortly  and CenturyLink Field is one of the more terrible venues to play in . They have this thing called the 12th Man , which is actually tens of thousands of astonishingly loud fans . They have their own flag , and they do n't care that navy blue and neon green clash . New England is also expected to win by 7 , to hear Vegas tell it . The Patriots have lost only two games since September , and one of those losses -- to the Buffalo Bills on December 28 -- may have been a product of the Pats not taking the game too seriously since they had already locked up their division . They also have Tom Terrific  aka Brady  , who tends to shine in big games , though it should be noted that the Patriots have lost the last two AFC Championships and their last two Super Bowls . Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers has been getting it done since Week 4 , after telling uneasy Packers fans to "  relax " after the team got off to a 1-2 start . The Packers have lost only two games since then . Rodgers is surrounded by talent , as his offensive line  the five men resembling redwood trunks who squat in front of the quarterback before each play  , running back Eddie Lacy and wide receiver Jordy Nelson have been getting it done all season . The Green Bay defense is led by Clay Matthews , who will be looking to disrupt Seattle 's rushing and passing games . Look for Seattle running back and Skittles aficionado Marshawn Lynch and quarterback Russell Wilson , another insurance salesman , to make some big plays -- but in Seattle , defense reigns . You might remember cornerback Richard Sherman from his abominable sportsmanship after last year 's NFC Championship , but also look for safeties Earl Thomas and Kam Chancellor to be prowling the gridiron . Especially keep an eye on Chancellor . It 's possible that he could 've beaten the Carolina Panthers all by himself last week . That 's only a slight exaggeration . In the AFC Championship , you 'll want to watch Indianapolis quarterback Andrew Luck . He was the first round draft pick in 2012 -- effectively resulting in a Colts legend , Manning , leaving for Denver -- and he 's been showing he is worth the hype , passing for almost 13,000 yards in his first three seasons . With little in the way of a running game , you 'll see him using his tight ends a lot , while looking for wide receiver T.Y. Hilton to make big plays , something the Patriots have promised to prevent . The Patriots have a solid defense -- cornerback Darrelle Revis and linebackers Jamie Collins and Dont ' a Hightower will look to make life hellish for Luck -- but they 're better known for a rounded team effort on offense . Yes , Brady will be looking for the 6-foot-6 Rob Gronkowski to break free in mismatches , but expect him to spread the ball around plenty , especially to running back Jonas Gray , who showed his upside in a four-touchdown effort earlier this season ... against the Colts . In Seattle and the Boston area ? Oh , most certainly . The National Weather Service on Sunday morning issued a high wind warning for northwest Washington . Winds are expected to reach speeds of up to 40 mph , with gusts up to 60 mph , but forecasters predict they will die down before kickoff . There 's also about an 80 % chance of rain . With the wet and the wind , the kicking and passing games could be tricky for both teams , but the Seahawks and Packers have outstanding running backs in Lynch and Lacy , so that may make life easier for them . On the plus side , it will be in the high 40s or low 50s throughout the game , so they wo n't be battling bitter cold . It will be a little colder in Foxborough for the AFC Championship , but not much -- somewhere in the mid-40s . The Boston area also has a good chance of rain , and winds will be moving at around 15 mph . Though Brady and Luck are both skilled ball handlers -- and both ply their trade in chilly locales -- there 's always the possibility that the wind and rain will make for a sloppy game , especially when you consider neither team has the safety net of an awesome running back . Maybe you 've heard the phase , "  Aaron Rodgers ' leg , " in recent days ? Or perhaps ad nauseam ? Yes , it would be hard for even the most disinterested of fans to have missed the news that Rodgers ' calf is torn . How badly is unclear , but the Seahawks ' Thomas has said he is n't buying the line coming out of the Packers camp . What 's clear is that Rodgers was far from mobile in last week 's game against the Dallas Cowboys . Despite Rodgers hobbling around in the pocket , the Cowboys failed to put pressure on him -- especially in the fourth quarter -- as the one-legged wonder completed 24 of 35 passes for 316 yards and tossed three touchdowns . Do n't expect Seattle 's defensive players to be so merciful . Expect them to bring the house -- and often -- against Rodgers and try to knock him down on every play . And do n't expect the Legion of Boom to go any easier on his receivers or on Lacy , who has been complaining of knee soreness ahead of Sunday 's matchup . In Foxborough , you 'll have a more traditional story line in the old guard versus the new . Brady , of course , is the poster boy for winners -- and not because of the UGG boots contract and being married to Gisele Bundchen . Since coming to the NFL in 2001 , he 's played in five Super Bowls and won three of them . This will be his ninth AFC Championship game . But remember , he 's lost his last two conference championships and his last two Super Bowls , so do n't be surprised when commentators wonder aloud if Luck , 25 , who has taken the Colts to the playoffs in each of his three seasons , is ready to take the crown from the 37-year-old Brady 's head . Want a fun drinking game ? Take a slug from your beer every time someone says "  heir apparent " during the pregame show .	The New England Patriots advance to Super Bowl XLIX  49  following a thorough 45-7 dismantling of the Indianapolis Colts Seattle Seahawks advance to the Super Bowl with a 28-22 overtime win against the Green Bay Packers
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Washi moved away from the southern Philippines early Monday , but not before leaving behind a wake of destruction and at least 652 people dead , according to the Philippine Red Cross . There were no public storm warnings for the East Asian island nation Monday morning , according to the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration . Yet authorities and residents still had the considerable task of cleaning up from the devastation and mourning those killed by what the state-run Philippines News Agency noted was the 19th tropical system to hit the nation this season . A report released Monday morning by the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council noted that the storm had affected more than 135,000 people , nearly 47,000 of whom were in evacuation centers . President Beningo Aquino plans to visit the region Tuesday . The Red Cross noted that hundreds are missing after entire villages were swept away , suggesting the death toll could rise further . The stench of death permeated the air as aid workers scrambled to help survivors . The disaster has left heartbreaking scenes of families with children looking for ways to get by during the festive Christmas season . "  Do we still have Christmas , mother ? " one crying little girl asked her mother , according to the Red Cross . "  Will I get my toys and my new pair of shoes you promised ? " "  Of course you will , " the mother replied . "  Christmas will always be around . " Military and disaster officials said the vast majority of the dead were found in the port cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro , many of them swept away as they were sleeping . Water-logged bodies from washed-away villages floated at the shoreline , on the northwestern coast of Mindanao island . Five people were killed in a landslide , but virtually all the others died in flash flooding after Tropical Storm Washi , which is called Sendong locally . Survivors in the hardest-hit areas are contending with no electricity or clean drinking water . One woman in Cagayan de Oro collected murky brown floodwater in a bucket , just meters away from where a destroyed vehicle was submerged . Flash flooding overnight Friday -- following 10 hours of rain -- fueled the devastation . As much as 20 centimeters  8 inches  of rain fell within 24 hours in some areas . December generally brings about 60 millimeters of rain  a little over 2 inches  to the region , CNN Meteorologist Pedram Javaheri reported . Overflowing rivers and tributaries compounded the disaster for low-lying areas , and officials said floodwater reached roof-level in the middle of the night . The destruction left cars , furniture and parts of houses in mangled heaps , partly immersed in squalid floodwater . The storm moved into Cagayan de Oro -- a densely populated , urbanized city -- during the overnight hours when people were asleep . A half dozen vehicles there looked like littered toy trucks , with some on their sides or roofs . Many people trudged through knee-high water and packed into evacuation centers . An estimated 100,000 people are displaced , according to the Department of Social Welfare and Development . The national disaster council noted that about 377 passengers -- on four ships -- were stranded as of Sunday night , due to the storm . In addition , nine sections of roads and bridges were seriously damaged . While the tropical storm had passed off-shore , some unrelated thunderstorms threatened to dump even more water on the region , Javaheri said . The weather was warm , with temperatures of up to about 30 degrees Celsius  86 Fahrenheit  , Philippine Red Cross Chairman Richard Gordon will travel to the stricken region Monday to assess the damage , the organization said . "  Certainly this is a very severe humanitarian crisis going on , " Gordon said Sunday . Authorities have started distributing food rations for some 10,000 families affected by the storm , while also handing out thousands of blankets and mosquito nets , the Red Cross said . The aid agency is appealing for drinking water , food and dry clothes , and officials have asked for volunteers to pack food to send to those who have been displaced . Some Philippine residents called the disaster unprecedented . Benito Ramos , chairman of the national disaster council , said he thinks the event was influenced by climate change and deforestation . Ramos said the storm moved in a westward path to areas rarely hit by major storms or flooding . The most devastated cities -- Cagayan de Oro and Iligan -- became catch basins for water flowing from highlands with denuded forests . Floodwater from Bukidnon province poured down into Cagayan de Oro , while water from Lanao del Sur province gushed into Iligan . CNN Meteorologist Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : The tropical storm passes the Philippines NEW : The system has affected more than 135,000 people , a national agency says President Aquino plans to visit the region Tuesday "  Do we still have Christmas , mother ? " a crying young girl asks
CNN  -- We 're often told that sharing our feelings could save our relationships from sliding into emotional breakdowns -- perhaps talking it out could also shield us from the traveling blues too . A group of UK transport and technology experts has come together to create a new digital platform that would map the emotions of people using different types of public transport in real time in the hope of improving daily journeys . Whether it 'd be gridlock traffic , delayed buses and jam-packed trains -- or even a stress-free and smooth trip -- the goal is for passengers to be able to use a bespoke app to say how they feel about their travel , make suggestions , highlight disruptions and see what other travelers say . The plan is to combine this data with information collected from various social media channels , like geolocated tweets , to build an intelligent tool that would offer live feedback about all kinds of journeys in different locations . Ultimately , developers say , the aim is to use a number of sources , including weather data or information about events , to help bus and rail customers plan their journeys better and save their money and time -- and frayed nerves too . "  Being able to distil useful , actionable information from a large amount of data -- it 's extremely exciting , " says Mike Saunders , co-founder of Commonplace , a UK-based social enterprise startup working on the project . "  It really puts passengers right at the center of the operation of existing services and the development of new ones -- not just in the sort of traditional customer service sense , but actually having customer-led services which are being responded to in real time . " Know your customers The developers say the "  sentiment mapping " project would also provide transport operators with a better understanding about the needs of their passengers and enable them to respond better in emergencies . But more importantly , they say , it would help providers to devise more effective future strategies and make bigger decision about infrastructure investments . "  What would emerge from that analysis is extra information that would allow people to develop a long term plan , " says Stephen Boyd Davis , research leader at the Royal College of Art in London , who is also working on the project . "  In five or 10 years ' time , I think people will look back at transport providers -- rail , bus , maybe road services as well -- and say how could you possibly run a business without knowing what your customers were doing and thinking ? " Smart transport While the project is still in its infancy , the team unveiled Thursday morning a live tool mapping passengers ' sentiment based on Twitter . Covering the area between London and Milton Keynes , the visualization uses a mixture of glowing green and red blobs of different sizes to showcase the sentiments of the train , bus and tube passengers traveling through the region . Every few seconds , tweets located in place pop up to unveil messages such as , "  Ridiculously hot in the tube this morning , " or "  My bus is 15 minutes late . Hurry up bus . " The "  demonstrator " went live at the opening of a UK government-backed innovation center aimed at exploring how to use emerging technologies to improve future transport systems . Based in Milton Keynes , the Transport Systems Catapult 's space will bring together innovators , research and entrepreneurs to trial and develop smart mobility solutions ranging from sentiment mapping and driverless vehicles , intelligent traffic lights and improved airport data systems "  This is about how to improve journeys in the future , " says David Reid , a spokesperson for the Transport System Catapult . "  The way you get from A to B often involves loads of different methods of transport -- you might walk , take the bus , train , bicycle ; how do you make all those different modes of transport more connected , how do we use emerging technologies like GPS , satellite technology , mobile phones , open data or sentiment mapping and how do we use these technologies to improve transport systems . " Looking ahead , Saunders says the sentiment mapping team is now in talks with interested parties about taking the project forward and potentially developing an early-stage tool within the next months . "  What 's really interesting and exciting is the opportunity for technology to empower citizens to have a more effective voice in the way cities develop around them to meet their needs , " says Saunders . "  Smart cities need smart citizens in order to be effective . " Read this : Solar-powered roads of the future Read this : Is your flying car finally here ? More from On the Move	A UK team is creating a new platform for mapping people 's journey sentiments The goal is to combine social media data with other sources to improve commuting Project developers say it would help transport operators understand passengers ' needs
CNN  -- Does anyone know how to say "  Did that really just happen ? " in Russian ? Who can predict how the women 's figure skating will turn out ? Who just won his record-setting 13th medal ? It 's in the nyet What a strange day if you are a Russian Olympics fan . The hockey team got knocked out ; amazing figure skater Julia Lipnitskaya tumbled during her short program ; and you saw a home-nation gold medal from a foreign-grown snowboarder . The country is in shock over the hockey team 's 3-1 loss to Finland . Remember the Russians  or Soviets  used to own the gold medal , but they have n't won one in 12 years . More than one hour after the loss , a Sochi bear mascot sat in the empty hockey arena stands , head in paw . The media ganged up on Russian coach Zinetula Bilyaletdinov at the news conference . Steve Politi of the Star-Ledger of Newark , New Jersey , said two of the best early questions were "  How guilty are you feeling ? " and "  Is it a catastrophe ? " "  I take full responsibility for our team 's performance , " the coach said , according to a translator . It 's hard to say the Games have been ruined for a country that has won a second-best 22 medals , buuuuuuuuuut ... At least in the case of Lipnitskaya , she did n't fall out of medal contention . She has the ability to lift the nation 's spirits if she can perform magnificently in Thursday 's free program and get a bronze or silver . Gold seems out of reach , but it is up to the judges . And there 's probably a little bit of pride in the husband-and-wife combination of Vic Wild and Alena Zavarzina . They competed 15 minutes apart in the parallel giant slalom with Wild , who became a Russian citizen two years ago , winning gold . His wife won bronze in the women 's event . "  It was incredible to win with Alena . We are together all the time . If one of us has success and the other does n't it 's great but it 's not that great , but for both of us to have success on the same day is a dream come true . Maybe I will wake up soon , " he said . Within reach South Korea 's Yuna Kim has a lot to think about . This is her last Olympics . She has skated only a few times in competition since winning a gold medal in Vancouver , leading to constant questions about her trying to repeat as champion . She 's also trying to inspire young figure skaters in the country that will host the next Winter Olympics . And now she 's less than a point ahead of two other skaters after the short program in women 's figure skating . Adelina Sotnikova of Russia and Carolina Kostner of Italy are second and third , respectively . Kim , who has only skated in four international events since winning in 2010 , is retiring after these Games . She will skate last on Thursday . It 's not a position she likes . "  But I have had this experience before . It wo n't be a big problem , " she said . U.S. skaters Gracie Gold , who is six points behind and fourth , and Ashley Wagner have outside chances at medals . "  Tonight was definitely nerve-racking , I 'll be honest about that . But I 'm set up well for the long program , " said Wagner , who is in sixth and trails by nine points . Hot diggity , Ligety ! They call Ted Ligety "  Mr. GS . " It should be amended to "  Mr. Golden GS . " The overwhelming favorite in the men 's giant slalom gave the opposition no chance at winning Wednesday with a sizzling first run and a steady , self-assured second run that had the crowd congratulating him before he even reached the finish . "  This is really awesome . This is the event I wanted the most . This is the event I have been putting so much pressure on myself to win , so to pull through is an awesome feeling , " he said . Ligety became the first American man to win the event and joined Andrea Mead Lawrence as the only two U.S. skiers with two golds in alpine skiing . The 29-year-old led by almost a full second after the first run , but was n't totally comfortable with such a huge margin . "  If you blow out taking too much risk , you look stupid . If you go too easy and blow your lead , you look even more stupid . " he said . We would say you looked stupendous instead . Hope you ski as well in the slalom . Hope you mess up -- but not much Kaillie Humphries and Elana Meyers are friends . Meyers even invited her Canadian rival to her wedding in April . But as Humphries stood with her teammate Heather Moyse at the bottom of the bobsled track Wednesday , waiting for Meyers to make her final run , she did hope for her pal to have a bobble here or hit there . "  I never wish bad on people , but I was thinking , ` Just make a few mistakes , please , ' " she told reporters . And in a sport where it takes four runs to crown an Olympic champion , it was a tenth of a second that came between the winning Humphries and Meyers . It was a hit at the top that Meyers blamed for the loss . "  I know I 'm going to get crap , and people will say it 's a disappointment , but I 'm not disappointed , " said Meyers , who along with teammate Lauryn Williams led after three runs . "  I could n't be prouder . I 'm glad for silver , I did n't deserve the gold medal today . " Williams became the fifth Olympian to medal in the Summer and Winter Games . "  This has been the most exciting experience of my life , " she said of her recent immersion into the sport . "  I am so happy to have fallen into bobsled . Who would have thought six months ago I would be bobsledding , let alone on the podium at the Olympics ? " Eight golds , four silvers , one bronze He won his first medal in 1998 in the biathlon sprint . Four Olympics later he is still adding to what is now a record-setting personal medal table . Ole Einar Bjoerndalen won his 13th Olympic medal Wednesday , putting him alone atop the all-time individual medal table for the Winter games . His eight gold medals are also a record . He raced the third leg in the new mixed relay competition and put Norway far ahead , where it stayed , beating the Czech Republic by 32 seconds . "  I 'm really grateful for this victory , " he said , in typical understated fashion . "  I 'm happy for my team . " Is there one more podium in the bag ? The men 's relay is Saturday .	Husband : How was your day ? Wife : Great , I got a bronze . You ? Husband : A gold Bobsled buddies separated by slimmest of margins Norwegian biathlete needs to build addition for trophy case Mr. GS leaves field in his snowdust
CNN  -- Police charged a mother with murder after the bodies of her two children were found inside a Southern California hotel . Officers were led to the bodies at the Hampton Inn & Suites in Santa Ana after Marilyn Edge , 42 , apparently tried to commit suicide Saturday night by crashing her car at a Home Depot parking lot in a nearby town , authorities said . When police arrived at the parking lot in Costa Mesa , they found the woman with a cord around her neck . She was trying to strangle herself with it , said police Sgt. Tim Starn . Edge also had a tank of propane gas inside the Honda Accord , and made comments indicating she hoped the car would ignite , police said . Suspect detained in rural Tennessee slayings of 4 When the woman was removed from the car after struggling with paramedics , she made a reference to an incident at the Santa Ana Hampton Inn , said Cpl. Anthony Bertagna . Officers doing a safety check at the hotel found the bodies of the children , a 13-year-old boy and a 10-year-old girl . The third-floor room was registered to the woman , authorities said . It was not clear how long the children had been there , Bertagna said , or how they died . Her last known address was listed in Scottsdale , Arizona , though the car she was driving had Georgia license plates . Authorities did not know what she was doing in California . "  It 's upsetting to say the least . My goodness , if there 's two children involved , that 's just horrendous to say the least , " Mike Ramey , who was staying at the hotel , told CNN affiliate KABC . "  It 's just a heartbreaker . As a parent , it 's just a heartbreaker . It 's unbelievable . "	NEW : Police identify the suspect as Marilyn Edge , 42 , of Scottsdale , Arizona She is charged with two counts of murder after her children are found dead The children were found after the apparently suicidal woman crashed her car
CNN  -- He 's fired darts at a gray whale , sped through St Petersburg in an F1 car , and taken a supersonic flight in a bomber jet . Now Russia 's "  action man " president , Vladimir Putin , has again flexed his muscle in his latest testosterone-filled publicity stunt -- diving to the bottom of the Baltic sea aboard a red submersible to explore a 19th century shipwreck . The 60-year-old former KGB spy , showed no signs of slowing down his manly pursuits for the cameras , plunging 50 meters below the water to examine the frigate which sank in the Gulf of Finland in 1869 . Putin climbed aboard the Sea Explorer 5 underwater research vessel on Monday for a 30-minute dive to the wooden wreck -- called Oleg -- which was discovered by divers in 2003 . State television showed images of the Russian strongman carefully inspecting the wreck from the front seat of the glass-fronted capsule . Putin commented on how well-preserved the wreck was , before also praising the work of the Russian Geographic Society , which has been studying the sunken vessel . It 's not the first time the thrill-seeking president has taken to the water in a bid to highlight his intrepid spirit and physical prowess . In 2009 , Putin dived to the bottom of Lake Baikal in Siberia aboard a mini-submarine . Then in 2011 the Russian leader announced he had discovered two ancient urns while scuba diving in the Black Sea . Though , embarrassingly for the president , the Kremlin last year admitted the stunt was staged . In 2012 Putin also faced accusations from environmentalists that a seemingly wild tiger he tranquilized during a research expedition , had in fact been brought in from a zoo . Indeed , the pumped-up president 's stunts have drawn ridicule online -- last year he earned the nickname "  alpha-crane " after flying a deltplane in a mission to lead rare birds on their migration route .	Russian president Vladimir Putin explores Baltic Sea shipwreck in submersible Latest stunt for macho politician , happy to be photographed in speeding cars and bomber jets Not the first time the 60 year old has taken to the water in bid to show intrepid spirit In 2009 , ancient urns "  discovered " in Siberian Lake , later revealed as planted
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A landscape restoration of a rubbish dump has won the Energy , Waste and Recycling category at the 2008 World Architecture Festival in Barcelona , Spain . Spanish architects Batlle and Roig have returned a 150 hectare rubbish dump back to nature . "  La Vall d'en Joan "  The Valley of Joan  project , designed by Spanish architects Batlle and Roig , has transformed a 150 hectare site in the Garraf Natural Park , south-west of Barcelona into a green terraced agricultural landscape . In awarding the prize , judges Luis Mansilla -- Mansilla + Tunon architects -- and Martin Keiding -- editor-in-chief of Arkitektur DK -- described the scheme as : "  a perfect example of bringing dead nature back to life by converting rubbish into a beautiful piece of landscape architecture ... using few and humble means " . Joan Roig of Batlle and Roig Architects told CNN : "  The idea was to create a system of hills and banks in a way that would avoid erosion from water and to give the rubbish dump back to nature with a natural design . " Work to transform the site -- the largest landfill in Spain -- began in 2000 and was completed earlier this year . It is a striking redrawing of a previously scarred and polluted landscape . The landfill has been servicing Barcelona 's metropolitan area for over 30 years . More than 20 million tons of rubbish was spread around the valley before the site was closed in 2006 . In some places , you would have to dig down over 100 meters before you found soil again . But this is n't just a cosmetic makeover . There is an underground drainage system on site which filters contaminated waste fluids . Part of this recycled water is then used to irrigate the park . "  The whole project is very sustainable , " Roig said . Furthermore , the dump is also utilizing the bio gas that is emitted to provide electricity . Some of the rubbish has remained above ground . Housed in large steel cages which flank the entrance to the site , Roig says they serve as a permanent reminder to visitors of the site 's previous life . Judge , Martin Keiding told CNN : "  It 's a very beautiful and simple design . It is landscape architecture that is inspiring . It is a very good example that everyone could look at and say : ` We could do the same . ' This competition is about pointing out good examples that could inspire architects . " Batlle and Roig 's winning design was one of eight short-listed projects in the Energy , Waste and Recycling category , which was notable for the variety of entries . They range from state of the art , hi-tech plans such as the Digital Beijing designed by Studio Pei Zhu and Urbanus , right down to low-cost , primitive ventures like the Community Cooker devised by Kenyan company , Planning Systems Services . The communal cooker is turning rubbish into fuel to feed residents of one of Africa 's biggest slums -- Kibera -- on the outskirts of Nairobi , Kenya . The project was highly commended by the judges . "  Sustainability is a very important issue and so are the questions about rubbish , especially in Third World countries , " Keiding said . "  The community cooker is a way of introducing a solution directly into the society . " Keiding , himself a trained architect , believes that Energy , Waste and Recycling is the most important category at the inaugural World Architecture Festival . "  We are facing big problems , so it is a great opportunity for architects to work seriously with this problem on many different levels . "  I think flashy executive buildings are interesting in one sense but they are not interesting if they are not dealing seriously with this matter . In my opinion you can throw them out . We have to be far more serious about integrating aspects of sustainability into architecture . " Both Mansilla and Keiding noted that engineering and architecture had to combine to deal with issues concerning waste and recycling . They said that achieving sustainability was a difficult task but it also represented a great opportunity for architects to contribute to the sphere .	Spanish architects win prestigious category award at World Architecture Festival "  La Vall d'en Joan " project turned rubbish dump into architectural landscape Millions of tons of rubbish was dumped at the site near Barcelona for 30 years Water from site purified for use in irrigation , bio gas used to create electricity
Tributes are flowing in for much-loved British actor and comedian Rik Mayall , who died in London Monday at age 56 . Mayall , one of the leading lights of Britain 's alternative comedy scene in the 1980s , is best known for starring roles in hit TV series "  Blackadder , " "  The Young Ones , " "  The New Statesman " and "  Bottom . " His agent , Kate Benson , of Brunskill Management , told CNN Mayall died suddenly Monday ; she did not know the cause of his death . Mayall first found widespread fame in student sitcom "  The Young Ones , " which ran for two years on the BBC , and was later shown on MTV in the United States . The series , which he co-wrote , focused on the lives of four roommates at "  Scumbag College . " Mayall played politics-obsessed poet Rick alongside his long-term comedy partner Ade Edmondson as violent punk Vyvyan . Edmondson led the tributes to Mayall Monday , telling Britain 's Press Association news agency : "  There were times when Rik and I were writing together when we almost died laughing . "  They were some of the most carefree , stupid days I ever had , and I feel privileged to have shared them with him . And now he 's died for real . Without me . Selfish bastard . " Writer and comedian Ben Elton told the Press Association Mayall had "  changed his life " by asking him to work on "  The Young Ones . " "  He always made me cry with laughter , now he 's just made me cry . " In cult favorite "  Blackadder " -- also co-written by Elton -- Mayall was memorably cast in the guest role of the womanizing Lord Flashheart , who steals the anti-hero 's fiancé from under his nose -- at the altar . His lines were regularly repeated in schoolyards and student pubs . In the 1990s , he reunited with Edmondson for "  Bottom , " a slapstick-filled series about two unemployed flatmates who spend most of their time attacking each other violently with anything that comes to hand ; the pair are reported to have come up with the idea for the show while starring in a production of Samuel Beckett 's nihilistic "  Waiting for Godot . " On Twitter , writer Hugo Rifkind suggested that fans of the show should pay homage to Mayall in true "  Bottom " style : "  Go home tonight , find someone you love , and hit them with a frying pan . " Mayall also branched out into movies , taking the lead role in 1991 's "  Drop Dead Fred , " in which he played the imaginary friend of Phoebe Cates , returning years later to wreak havoc in the now grown-up Cates ' life . Mayall survived a near-fatal quad bike accident in 1998 ; he was in a coma for five days after the crash , on his farm in Devon , southwest England , and developed epilepsy as a result of the severe head injury he suffered when he was crushed under the bike . In an interview several years later , he joked that he "  beat Jesus " by coming back from the dead after so long . In 2006 , he told Britain 's Observer newspaper : "  I was dead for five days . Jesus was only dead for three , so I beat him -- 17 April 1998 was the day I was sent back from heaven . " He said the accident left him "  more aware of being alive . " House star Hugh Laurie , who worked with Mayall on "  Blackadder , " took to Twitter to recount a story about his co-star : "  A young girl , stricken with terminal cancer , once asked Rik Mayall for an autograph . He wrote : ` Young Ones are never afraid . ' " People we 've lost in 2014	British actor and comedian Rik Mayall is dead at 56 Mayall is best known for starring in TV series "  The Young Ones , " "  Blackadder " and "  Bottom " He had lead role in movie "  Drop Dead Fred , " playing imaginary friend of Phoebe Cates Comedian survived a near-fatal quad bike accident in 1998
CNN  -- Glee star and semi-professional dreamboat Darren Criss has some "  very , very exciting news " to announce : "  I 'm happy to officially announce my very first solo tour throughout North America . It 's Canada , the United States -- 16 dates , all over the place . Hopefully we 're coming by to a city near you , " he said in a video today . EW : ` Glee ' - Sue confronts Blaine about his Cheerios duties More deets : Criss will be playing both old and new material  like a set-list !  , be having a lot of fun , and -- yes -- he has been working on a solo album whilst also acting in TV shows and online musicals . EW : ` Glee ' - Two legendary faces to play key role in important  and spoilery !  storyline "  But I still have these songs , and I really want to share them with people before we put them out into the world , " Criss said . So the tour will be called "  Listen up ... , " kicking off on May 29 in Criss ' hometown , San Francisco before moving on to dates in L.A. , Houston , Chicago , Nashville , and New York , among others . Tickets and all other info at darrencriss.com . Watch the tour announcement for yourself here . See the original story at EW.com .	Darren Criss plays Blaine on ` Glee ' He will be hitting 16 cities this summer with his solo tour He will be playing new and old music
CNN  -- Since the debut of "  Mad Men , " some have called me "  The Real Mad Man , " with Don Draper  played by Jon Hamm  thought of as my alter ego . But "  Mad Men " misrepresents the advertising industry of my time by ignoring the dynamics of the Creative Revolution that changed the world of communications forever . From where I sit , claiming this exasperating show is even remotely representative of the times we lived through would be like trying to show "  Dynasty " on the History Channel ! "  Mad Men " is nothing more than the fulfillment of every possible stereotype of the early 1960s bundled up nicely to convince consumers that the sort of morally repugnant behavior exhibited by its characters -- with one-night-stands and excessive consumption of Cutty Sark and Lucky Strikes -- is glamorous and "  vintage . " It was not like that . That dynamic period of counterculture in the 1960s found expression on Madison Avenue through a new creative generation -- a rebellious coterie of art directors and copywriters who understood that visual and verbal expression were indivisible , who bridled under the old rules that consigned them to secondary roles in the ad-making process dominated by noncreative hacks and technocrats . In the very first week of the 1960s , after a successful year as an award-winning art director at the legendary Doyle Dane Bernbach , I left . And with two copywriters as partners , started what was unthinkable at the time , the first ad agency to have the name of an art director in its masthead , and later , the first to go public . It was a testy time to be a graphic designer like me who had the rage to communicate and , to create icon rather than con . And , unlike the TV "  Mad Men , " we worked full , exhausting , joyous days : pitching new business , creating ideas , "  comping " them up , storyboarding them , selling them , photographing them , and directing commercials . And our only "  extracurricular activity " was chasing fly balls and dunking basketballs on our agency softball and basketball teams ! The instant success of our trailblazing firm inspired a handful of other creative groups to form agencies and join our passionate revolution as we created advertising and imagery that caught people 's eyes , penetrated their minds , warmed their hearts , and caused them to act -- raising the bar of mass communication throughout the world . Of course the producers of "  Mad Men " are making TV drama and not documentary . For the record , please know that I , and the other real Mad Men , bear no resemblance to their lineup of talentless hacks who carouse the halls of the fictitious Sterling Cooper ad agency . And even if I wanted to have an adulterous affair  which I definitely did not , Rosie  who had the time ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Lois .	George Lois , renowned adman , says "  Mad Men " is nothing like ad world of '60s He says the show is riddled with incorrect stereotypes : rampant drinking , adultery , carousing He says real "  Mad Men " hardworking rule-breakers , expressing roiling counterculture Lois : Yes , show is drama , not documentary , but for the record , real Mad Men were nothing like it
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- It was around by 5 p.m. Wednesday when residents first saw the monster tornado heading toward the heart of this proud Southern university town . Many prayed . Others grabbed video phones . Some fled for their lives . The winds hissed . The destructive force of Mother Nature that day wo n't ever be forgotten by the 93,000 people who call Tuscaloosa home . That day has united them , through horror and hope , tears and prayers . Michael Zutell , a manager at a CVS , rushed a family of three into the pharmacy 's breakroom , where they huddled with employees . Their car had screeched to a halt at the door , the tornado just across the street . Not too far away , Lenora Bolden saw it from her front porch and cuddled with her 5-year-old daughter and husband . Her daughter sang out , "  Jesus ! Jesus ! Jesus ! " Bolden chimed in with "  Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you . " Janet Puckett buried her head in clothes in an alcove of her house a few blocks away . "  Oh God , " she said as her house trembled . Gar Blume had a different reaction . "  Oh s -- , " he screamed . Blume was in his law office in a Tuscaloosa neighborhood known as Alberta or Alberta City -- a working-class residential area east of downtown that 's predominantly African-American and Hispanic . Blume would owe his life to five people who pulled him from rubble -- one of whom he said was a known drug dealer . In a one-block radius around Blume 's office , he said , at least 15 people were killed . Sharon Burns had no way of knowing at the time , but Alberta Baptist Church -- the house of worship where three generations of family have attended , the church where her grandfather laid the cornerstone in 1922 -- was about to get pummeled . Just up the road , Alberta Elementary had stood as a beacon of hope for low-income children here . Built in recent years , the school was a state-of-art facility , complete with a computer lab , gym , library and plush rooms . Luckily , it was empty Wednesday afternoon . One of the few things still standing at the school is a doorway . Above it , the sign reads , "  School is cool . " As bad as the destruction is across Tuscaloosa , Ground Zero lies in Alberta , where homes and anything else in the tornado 's path were demolished for blocks on end . "  I 've never seen devastation like this , " President Obama said as he toured Alberta during a visit to Tuscaloosa on Friday . Front yard a trash can Janet Puckett stands outside what 's left of her home on 30th Avenue in Alberta . Its walls crumbled under the force of the storm . Her living room and a front bedroom disappeared . The roof of the house got sucked up , too . "  A war zone , " she says of the mountains of broken 2-by-4s and other debris all around . See hi-res photos of the devastation She raised her three boys in that home , lived there for 30 years . She points across the road , three homes up , to where her truck landed in an oak tree . "  It 's buried in a twisted part of the tree , " she says . Her other vehicle got tossed across the yard , its windows smashed in . The tornado picked up a neighbor 's home and dropped it across the street . The woman inside was killed . Puckett is glad to be alive , she says , "  but I 've lost everything really . " She laughs , smiles and chuckles as she surveys the damage , her family all around . The only thing intact in her home is the deep freeze , which sits where it always has in the kitchen . "  You have to laugh to keep from crying , I guess . " When the tornado hit , she simply hung on tight and kept her head buried . Walls shook , dust fell everywhere . "  When I looked up , all I could see is sky , " she says . "  It was still daylight . You see the pictures on TV of these war zones . That 's what I was thinking of . "  My nerves were shaking all over my body . " Her youngest son , Tommy , was killed seven years ago at age 23 in a car accident . Her husband has been hospitalized for the last six months with an array of health problems . Now this . "  They say the Lord ca n't put on you more than you can take , " she says . "  But how much more can I take ? " Amid the debris , she 's found some photos of her youngest son , "  but not all . " "  I do n't know where they are , " she says . "  Under all that mess , I guess . " She tosses an empty french fry container on the debris heap . Her front yard is now a trash can . The family has planted an American flag out front , a ray of hope that they will rebuild . A few houses up , amid the twisted piles of former homes , someone 's walker stands in a front yard . Resting against it is a young woman 's wedding photo , a wide smile on her face . Roger Davis stands outside a cousin 's home . He raises his hand and points up and down the road . "  This is Ground Zero , " he says . Many people here are renters . "  Do you think most these people have insurance ? This is just ridiculous . " "  Just take a walk through , it 's a mess . It 's a mess . " "  But I 'm hopeful . There is some hope in this , " he says . "  All I can say is God Bless America . " ` The woman with the baby is screaming ' The CVS lies in the heart of Tuscaloosa 's commercial district , next to the city 's main mall and the Wood Square Shopping Center , just west of Alberta . CVS manager Michael Zutell herded workers into a windowless breakroom after news of a tornado was confirmed . He and shift supervisor Devin McAnnally then walked to the front of the store to lock the door . They could n't believe their eyes . The tornado was across the road , above a Chipotle restaurant . A 4-door Dodge Stratus sped into their parking lot and stopped right outside the front door . A husband and his wife jumped out , the woman clutching their young baby . Zutell ushered the family into the breakroom . "  I 've always heard the story of the train sound , and that is what it was , " Zutell says . "  It was just loud as can be . " About 12 people were hunched in the breakroom . "  You 're just hearing glass breaking , the woman with the baby is screaming . " Standing outside of what is now a shell of a building , he says , "  I thank God . " "  Absolutely blessed , " McAnnally adds . "  It 's mindboggling to think you walked away OK . " Zutell said . The day after the tornado , the two men were handing out water to strangers . Proof of how lucky they are lies next door inside the shopping center . Not a single wall is left of Big Lots . The Krispy Kreme and Full Moon BBQ are gone too . Cars tossed like toys sit on top of each other . ` We heard a freight train and we just cuddled ' Lenora Bolden walks around to the back of her house where one of Tuscaloosa 's classic druid oaks fell between three homes , only scraping one . Its trunk juts 15 feet into the sky . "  We 're all safe , " she says . "  That 's why I can tell you God is good . " She lives at the edge of Alberta City . She 's lived at the modest home for 10 years . "  My husband and I were standing on the porch and we seen the funnel coming across , " she says . "  We heard a freight train and we just cuddled . " She was heartened by the community 's resolve . As soon as the storm cleared and the sun shone , neighbors helped neighbors . Strangers pitched in , too . Anything to help . As she talks , about eight members of Tuscaloosa Fire and Rescue stroll down the street carrying axes and other chopping equipment . They 've been conducting a street-by-street search of the city . Jim Ray , one of the firefighters , pitched in along the Gulf Coast after Katrina . "  This damage is much more devastating than what we saw in Katrina . " He keeps walking . There are more homes to search . ` It 's just a building ' "  Let 's just say he 's a self-employed pharmaceutical salesmen , " the lawyer says . "  A drug dealer . " "  He gets free legal services for the rest of his life . " How anyone survived in Blume 's law office is one of those freaks of nature . Nothing remains but a pile of twisted wood , smashed cinder blocks and wrecked bookshelves . "  We 're grateful and fortunate to be alive , " he says . "  Fifteen bodies were found in a one-block radius of my building . " He and his wife , Nettie , were inside when the tornado hit . The lights had flickered and he 'd gone into the server room to cut off all computer systems . His wife followed . Then the walls crashed in . He got buried , she got slammed by an 8-foot-tall bookcase . "  Are you alive ? " Nettie screamed . "  Yes , " he said . Her legs were pinned . Blume gently tried to make his way out . He heard voices and waved his arms . "  Help ! " The drug dealer and four other people , he says , "  dug me out and dug my wife out . " "  If it were n't for them , we would n't have gotten out . " Across the street , the sun shines through the roof of Alberta Baptist Church , many of its stained-glass windows smashed . Soft notes from a baby grand piano waft through the tattered area , a girl at the keyboard , surrounded by about 10 friends and family . The church has been here for 89 years . It had just gone through a $ 3 million renovation . Inside , the piano -- and faith -- is about the only thing still holding together . Sharon Burns , the granddaughter of the man who founded the church , sheds gentle tears . "  It 's just a building , " she says softly . "  But with lots of great memories , " her close friend , Jeanne Silliman , adds .	Area east of downtown Tuscaloosa known as Alberta was Ground Zero for tornado President Obama toured the area on a visit to the Alabama university town on Friday Survivors ' stories tell of the horror of the deadly tornado and the tears left in its wake
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- A Chinese ship loaded with arms and ammunition sailed away from a South African waters and is on its way to Luanda , Angola to unload its cargo bound for Zimbabwe . South Africa 's High Court ruled Friday the cargo could be offloaded in the Durban port , but it could not pass over South Africa roads to get to Zimbabwe , a country in crisis because of an election stalemate . Durban 's dockworkers also said they would not handle the cargo , fearing the arms would be used by the Zimbabwean government against its own people . A South African government source told CNN the China-flagged An Yue Jiang had sailed away from Durban Friday evening before the High Court 's order could be served to the ship 's captain . The ship was headed to the port of Luanda , Angola , according to the South African Department of Transport . Zimbabwe is in turmoil after elections last month that saw the opposition Movement for Change party win a majority of seats in the parliament , although Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party has contested 16 seats , claiming the MDC cheated . The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission began a recount of 23 of those districts Saturday morning . The presidential election , however , has sparked much more concern . The government of President Robert Mugabe , who has been in power since Zimbabwe won its independence in 1980 , has refused to release results of that vote before a recount . The MDC says its candidate , Morgan Tsvangirai , won the election , but ZANU-PF has claimed the MDC engaged in election tampering . The delay in releasing the vote sparked violence and a government crackdown on opposition members . "  This union has a proud history of taking action against regimes which it disapproves of in the past , but this is certainly the first time it has gotten involved in an African regime like Zimbabwe , " David Cockroft , general secretary of the International Transport Workers Federation , said . "  I do n't think there 's much doubt that the  dock  workers ... are very strongly against the Mugabe regime , " he said . Cockroft said that arms had almost certainly been shipped to Zimbabwe through Durban in the past , but the size of this shipment -- "  more than a million pounds " and 3.5 million rounds of rifles , small arms , mortar shells and rocket-propelled grenades -- made it more noteworthy . Earlier , South African Revenue Service spokesman Adrian Lackay told CNN "  that it is commonplace for landlocked neighboring states in southern Africa to use South African ports of entry for the transshipment of goods . " Lackay indicated that the ship had complied with South African regulations requiring it to disclose the contents of the cargo it is carrying . A government spokesman , Thembo Maseko , told CNN , "  There were arms on the ship . " The Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a statement in a fax to the Reuters news agency saying that China and Zimbabwe have normal trade relations , that the Chinese government takes a "  prudent and responsible " position on arms deals and that it does not involve itself in the internal affairs of other countries . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and Bridget Fallon contributed to this report .	Arms ship heads towards Angola Dockworkers are against the Mugabe regime , union leader says Ship sailed away away from Durban , union leader says
CNN  -- Major storms are always dangerous . Superstorm Sandy left 132 Americans dead , damaged and destroyed tens of thousands of homes , left millions without power , and crippled the largest metropolitan area in the United States . The massive human and economic toll of this disaster came just seven years after Hurricane Katrina . It marked only the latest in a spate of deadly and destructive weather events , including the May 2011 tornado that leveled much of Joplin , Missouri . Not being well prepared for dealing with extreme weather events is very expensive . Two months after Sandy made landfall near Atlantic City , New Jersey , the new 113th Congress has just approved a $ 9.7 billion storm relief measure . But these funds represent but a down payment on a $ 60.4 billion federal aid package that the Obama administration has requested to help the region recover from a disaster . Meanwhile , the governors of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut estimate that the tab for storm damage in their states is closer to $ 82 billion . Americans need to stop behaving as though major disasters are so rare and unpredictable that little can be done up front to make them less catastrophic . The overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the climate has changed . Global warming is making Mother Nature more mischievous , resulting in weather events that are more frequent and extreme . These disasters pose a greater risk both because the majority of Americans now live within 50 miles of the coast and because the critical infrastructure that coastal communities rely on is becoming more exposed and vulnerable . There is much that we can and should be doing to better anticipate and prepare for extreme weather events . As a nation , we also should be embracing proven cost-effective measures that will reduce the harm that disasters cause and bolster the speed at which communities can recover . In the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy , there are five important lessons to be learned . 1 . Water is more destructive than wind . Media coverage of hurricanes and coastal storms places too much emphasis on wind speed . While images of trees , road signs , and reporters being buffeted by high winds make for good video , they distract from the more serious hazard associated with major storms -- coastal flooding from storm surge and inland flooding from torrential rains . There need to be better predictive tools for estimating how much water a storm may bring and when and where it is likely to go . Rising sea levels are elevating the flooding risk . As a result , adaptations in the design of urban landscapes and the location of critical assets such as power transformers , wastewater systems , and transit systems will need to happen sooner versus later . 2 . Aging infrastructure is vulnerable infrastructure . Failure to adequately invest in energy , transportation , communications , and other infrastructure practically guarantees the failure of critical systems when they are placed under the stress of extreme events . In 2009 , when assigning grades for 15 sectors of America 's infrastructure , the American Society of Civil Engineers awarded 11 D 's and 4 C 's . In recent years , the backlog of maintenance , repair , and needed upgrades has only continued to grow , leaving us with aging infrastructure that is more and more brittle . At the top of the priority list must be improving the resilience of the nation 's electric power generation , transmission , and distribution systems . While every major infrastructure sector is important , there is little that can keep operating when the lights go out . 3 . It 's not just about responding to disasters , but recovering from them . Warning people of a pending disaster and getting vulnerable populations out of harm 's way is vitally important . So too is emergency response both during and immediately after a storm . But there is a need for far more robust planning for restoring critical systems quickly and getting communities back on their feet again . Harnessing the capabilities of willing and able citizens and the private sector is key . For instance , electric power could be restored more quickly if local independent licensed electricians could be deputized to support utility crews in conducting damage assessments and making repairs . Additionally , the counterpart to having detailed plans to guide evacuations ahead of a storm is having plans that support quickly bringing displaced people back into their homes , schools , and businesses . As extreme weather events become more frequent , it is important to try to make them less disruptive . This places a premium on bolstering community resilience . People and systems need to be able to better withstand , respond , adapt , and rapidly recover from disasters . 4 . The federal government matters . Under our federal form of government , disaster response and relief have always been decentralized -- mayors and governors are in charge of incidents that happen in their jurisdictions . Historically , the federal government 's role has been to provide assistance when local and state capabilities are overwhelmed . Washington has played this role in every major disaster dating back to the San Francisco earthquake of 1906 , when over 4,000 troops from the U.S. Army 's Pacific Division were mobilized to provide emergency relief , including constructing temporary housing for 20,000 survivors . But as the scale of disasters has grown , so too has the role of the federal government . Extreme weather events like Hurricanes Katrina and Sandy invariably involve multiple states . To coordinate rapid and effective response and recovery on a regional scale requires preplanning . And part of any thoughtful preplanning should be identifying incentives that encourage states and localities to put in place measures that mitigate the risk of needless loss of life and property . This will require a federal government that is increasingly engaged before disasters happen as well as afterward . Assigning a passive "  call us if you need us " role to the federal government , practically guarantees future replays of the kind of ineptitude that marked the federal response to Hurricane Katrina . 5 . Learning from disasters needs to be institutionalized . When the U.S. Army goes to war , it takes along historians . It knows that every battle provides a potential learning opportunity for making its soldiers better war fighters the next time around . It also knows that the best time to collect information about what went right and what went wrong is while events are unfolding . However , when major disasters happen , the process of learning from them is often ad hoc . Mayors and governors may appoint commissions , and the U.S. Congress invariably holds hearings . Not surprisingly , these reviews often become politically charged . What is missing is a process much like that of the National Transportation Safety Board , that automatically conducts investigations and issues reports on civil aviation accidents . Within hours of an incident , the NTSB creates go teams made up of specialists with the relevant expertise to investigate what happened and to support the development of new safety recommendations . In the spirit of "  a crisis is a terrible thing to waste , " catastrophic disasters like Superstorm Sandy should be seen as teachable moments to better prepare the general public and elected officials for what is inevitable : the next storm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Flynn .	Stephen Flynn : Hurricane Sandy shows how poorly prepared U.S. is for major storms He says we need to stop behaving as if such disasters are so rare , unpredictable There are steps governments can take to get ready in advance of storms , Flynn says Flynn : Storms should be closely studied to yield clues about how to prepare better
CNN  -- New Zealand 's capital was cleaning up Monday after a strong earthquake that shook the city and left authorities scrambling to make sure buildings were safe . The quake struck about 35 miles  57 kilometers  south of Wellington in the channel between New Zealand 's northern and southern islands . Initially reported as a magnitude-6 .9 quake , the U.S. Geological Survey later reclassified its magnitude as 6.5 , at a depth of 14 km  8.7 miles  . No fatalities or serious injuries were reported , but Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown warned residents to be careful and "  expect disruption " as the work week began . Bus service was running , but rush-hour commuter trains were idled as rail crews looked for damage . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes People who work in the central city were advised not to come in , while all workers were told to check with their employers before entering the city . "  We have had very few injuries as a result of the earthquake , and we want to keep it that way , " Wade-Brown said in a Monday statement . Perched on the edge of the southern Pacific rim , New Zealand has a long history of earthquakes . A February 2011 quake in the South Island city of Christchurch killed 185 people , most of whom died in building collapses . Sunday 's quake was the latest in a series of tremors that have jolted New Zealand 's Lower North Island in the past few days . Quake hits central China CNN 's Phil O'Sullivan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We have had very few injuries ... and we want to keep it that way , " mayor says Sunday 's quake struck about 35 miles  57 kilometers  south of New Zealand 's capital The quake followed a series of tremors in recent days The U.S. Geological Survey rated the quake a magnitude 6.5
CNN  -- What applies in real estate , may also be said of free speech -- it is all about location , location , location . Now a First Amendment fight between the U.S. Secret Service and anti-Bush protesters has reached the nation 's highest court , testing the discretion of those using their often split-second authority to shield the President . The government told the justices Wednesday in oral arguments that the actions of agents were related to security , while the lawyer representing the demonstrators called it unconstitutional viewpoint discrimination . At issue : legal immunity for the agents , and whether their actions violated "  clearly established " law in performance of official duties . The court was at times animated , perplexed , and exasperated during a one-hour public session , but appeared ready to reject the free-speech claims , which could end a pending , decade-old lawsuit . Justice Stephen Breyer spoke for many of his colleagues when he said the job of protecting the nation 's leader by this "  special protective force " was especially important and unique . "  Everyone understands the danger . You ca n't run a risk , " of allowing the President to be subject to harm , he said . "  At the same time , no one wants a Praetorian Guard that is above the law , and we have examples of history of what happens when you do that . So everyone is looking for some kind of line that permits the protection but denies " suppression of legitimate protest . The incident happened during a campaign stop in the final hectic weeks before the 2004 election . President George W. Bush made a last-minute decision to dine at the Jacksonville Inn in southern Oregon . Local law enforcement had initially allowed about 250 anti-Bush protesters to stand near an alleyway on the same side of the street as the restaurant and adjacent hotel where the President and his entourage were staying . Pro-Bush supporters were across the street . Bush wanted to eat on the outdoor patio and the Secret Service said the change initially forced agents to order local police and state police to move the anti-Bush crowd across the street . Fifteen minutes later , those demonstrators were moved again , about two blocks further from the inn . They claim it was done solely to put them out of earshot of the dinner guests . The pro-Bush people were allowed to stay , resulting in them being closer to Bush . Seven anti-Bush demonstrators eventually sued , helped by the American Civil Liberties Union . Among them , Michael "  Mookie " Moss , an organic farmer and local activist . "  In challenging the immunity and lack of constitutional accountability of individuals operating under the cover of government secrecy , this case continues to set precedent while addressing one of the darker corners of our legal system , " he said in a blog post . "  If those in power are actively or passively given permission to act without accountability , abuse of our most basic rights will continue to occur . " Many of the facts of the case are in dispute , and a trial has not been held pending resolution of the immunity questions . In oral arguments , most of the justices appeared mildly frustrated with the lawyers appearing before them , while trying to explore the limits of when an agent 's actions become impermissible . Justice Sonia Sotomayor questioned the government 's assertion the anti-Bush crowd was moved to keep anyone out of range of committing violence . "  In fact , the pro-Bush demonstrators were across the street pretty much at a diagonal to the President , and they were permitted to remain there the entire time . They had a throwing distance of a bomb or a shooting distance as well . " Justice Anthony Kennedy repeatedly pressed the Justice Department lawyer to clarify the government 's position on whether and when "  subjective intent " of law enforcement should be considered . "  Would you say that under your view of the case , that there is a First Amendment interest that protesters have , but that it is virtually unenforceable in the context of crowd control ? " asked Kennedy . "  Because it seems to me that if this complaint does n't survive , nothing will . " Ian Gershengorn tried to articulate a nuanced position , saying some kinds of free speech claims could still be pressed , even if the individual agents prevail in this particular case . He mentioned current lawsuits challenging to Secret Service policy restricting the kinds of signs displayed on a parade route . That clearly irked Justice Antonin Scalia . "  I really do n't understand what the government is doing here . It seems to me you want to win this case , but not too big , " she said , bringing laughter . "  I would think it is in the interest of the United States and the Secret Service to say there are no " broadly-applied First Amendment claims against the agents . The lawyer for the protesters came under tough questioning as well . Chief Justice John Roberts pointed at lawyer Steven Wilker with a blunt hypothetical . "  You 're the head of the Secret Service detail . You 've got to evacuate the President right away . Do you go through the anti-Bush crowd or through the pro-Bush crowd ? You 've got to decide right now quickly . I 'm serious . You have to make a split-second decision . " Wilker looked perplexed . "  I think whichever way provides the clearest egress , " he said , arms outstretched . Roberts : "  No , no . They are both the same . That was one of your propositions , that there is no way to distinguish there . It 's too late . You 've taken too long to decide . " Roberts continued , "  If we 're trying to decide whether viewpoint can ever be a security justification , we have to consider all of the possible situations . " Wilker admitted he was no security expert . "  That 's actually not much of an answer for lots of reasons , but the most , if you do n't know , how are we supposed to know ? " Sotomayor said . While the agents may win at the high court , the justices seemed torn about adopting a particular general principle to guide future such First Amendment claims . A ruling in the current dispute is expected by the early summer . The case is Wood v. Moss  13-115  .	Case involves handling of protesters during George W. Bush 's 2004 campaign Anti-Bush protesters were moved further away from President Justices appeared mildly frustrated with the lawyers during oral arguments
CNN  -- It met the definition of a major one , but the magnitude-7 .2 earthquake that struck Friday in southern Mexico 's Guerrero state did n't land the kind of punch that it might have . "  There was no way not to feel it , " Gustavo Lozano told CNN about the temblor , which struck at 9:27 a.m.  10:27 a.m. ET  and was centered 22 miles  36 kilometers  north-northwest of Tecpan . He was with his family at their home in Barra de Potosi , a fishing village nearly a three-hour drive northwest of Tecpan , when the earthquake hit . "  It was extremely strong . " Afraid of a possible tsunami , and unaware that no advisory had been issued for one , he and his family drove to a shelter at the Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport , where dozens of other people also were gathering . En route , they noticed a few walls from older buildings had collapsed , but nothing worse . Once there , they concluded they need n't have bothered taking shelter . "  It seems like the worst has already happened , " he said . The quake 's depth at the epicenter was a shallow 15 miles  24 kilometers  , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The Mexican National Seismological Service measured its depth at 6 miles  10 kilometers  and its magnitude as 7.0 . USGS classifies any quake magnitude 7.0 to 7.9 as "  major , " and any at 8.0 or more as "  great . " The earthquake 's timing and location could have proved devastating -- it occurred on the Pacific coast between major resort towns of Acapulco and Zihuatanejo during Holy Week , when Mexicans traditionally flock to the beaches , and resorts typically run at full capacity . Its impact was also felt in Mexico City , 170 miles  273 kilometers  northeast of the epicenter . "  I was working in my radio news program ... and we were talking about  author  Gabriel GarcÃa Marquez 's death , when I started to feel how the ground was shaking and the lamps were moving , " journalist Sol Rivera said via e-mail . She urged her listeners to remain calm and to move to a safe space . Reporters soon called to inform her that everything was OK . At least one building in the capital was damaged , but there were no reports of major damage , Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera told CNN affiliate FOROtv . The city 's secretary of civil protection , Fausto Lugo , said electricity failed in some areas and that some people reported being trapped inside elevators , but that there were no reports of injuries . Tecpan is 54 miles  87 kilometers  northwest of Acapulco , where the city 's civil protection office said via Twitter that basic services were operating without reports of damage . Seated on top of three tectonic plates , Mexico is in one of the most seismically active parts of the world . On September 19 , 1985 , a magnitude-8 .1 earthquake killed an estimated 9,500 people in Mexico City . What you need to know about earthquakes Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Kurt Muller , Jason Hanna and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	"  There was no way not to feel it , " a villager says The quake was centered an hour and a half northwest of Acapulco The quake was a shallow 15 miles at the epicenter , the U.S. Geological Survey says A building was damaged in Mexico City , 170 miles from quake 's epicenter
Washington  CNN  -- A plane carrying Michelle Obama had to abort its landing on Monday after it came too close to a military C-17 cargo plane ahead of it , according to a senior administration official and the Federal Aviation Administration . The planes -- which were both trying to land -- were three miles apart , when they are supposed to be five miles apart , the official told CNN . The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating what went wrong , as it is believed to be an air traffic controller mistake , the official said . The White House does not believe the first lady 's life was ever in danger , the senior official said . The FAA said in a statement controllers at Andrews Air Force Base instructed an incoming Boeing 737 to perform a "  go around " "  because the plane did not have the required amount of separation " behind the military plane . Air traffic controller caught watching movie on duty The FAA is investigating . "  The aircraft were never in any danger , " the agency said . The landing was briefly aborted and Obama 's plane had to circle , the official said . Obama was actually on a C-40 , a military version of the 737 that was part of the Air National Guard -- not the regular Air Force fleet used by VIPs at Andrews , said Maj. Michelle Lai of the 89th Airlift Wing at Andrews Air Force Base . What it 's like to be an air traffic controller The FAA did not want Obama 's plane to be caught in the "  jet wash , " of the C-17 as it landed , Lai said . That refers to the force of the air from the back of the C-17 . "  It 's important to know the FAA made the right call and at no time was the first lady 's life in danger , " Lai said . When the Potomac TRACON , the regional radar facility , handed off the plane to the Andrews Air Force Base tower , the planes were three miles apart , a government official told CNN . "  Both facilities knew how far apart they were " at the time of the handoff , the official said . But the official declined to say why the hand-off occurred . Plane clipped by tractor-trailer at Boston airport The TRACON could have slowed Obama 's plane down or order it to turn earlier , the official said . Why that was n't done is under investigation . But "  it was a controlled situation , " the government official said . The National Transportation Safety Board said it was gathering information on the incident and will be making an assessment to determine whether it will investigate more closely . CNN 's Ed Henry , Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	The FAA says the aircraft were never in any danger The incident happened Monday at Andrews AFB Obama 's plane had to circle again before landing
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A leader of the United Arab Emirates discounted concerns about a nuclear-armed Iran in a CNN interview Monday , saying Tehran would find the ultimate weapon to be of little use . Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the Emirates ' prime minister and vice president , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that he did not believe Iran would build a bomb . "  What can Iran do with a nuclear weapon ? " Al Maktoum , the ruler of Dubai , asked . "  For example , will they hit Israel ? How many Palestinians will die ? And you think if Iran hits Israel , their cities will be safe ? They will be gone the next day . " Tehran has long insisted that its development of nuclear technology is strictly peaceful , aimed at producing civilian electricity . But it has refused international demands to halt its production of enriched uranium , bringing it under increasing sanctions in recent years . And the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency reported in November that it has credible information that Iran has carried out work toward developing a nuclear bomb . The UAE lies just across the mouth of the Persian Gulf from Iran , with barely 80 kilometers  50 miles  separating the two nations . "  Iran is our neighbor , " Al Maktoum said . "  They are Muslim , and we lived next to each other for thousands and thousands of years . I do n't believe that Iran will develop a nuclear weapon . " But other countries -- notably Israel -- are more concerned about the prospect . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called a nuclear Iran a "  grave , direct threat . " Israel is widely believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , though it has never declared itself a nuclear power . Western analysts say Iran could spur an arms race among other countries in the region if it develops nuclear weapons .	"  What can Iran do with a nuclear weapon ? " Al Maktoum asks The IAEA said it has evidence Iran has worked toward a bomb Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful
CNN  -- It was barely floating , perhaps minutes from sinking , a small skiff , washed up against an unforgiving cement breakwater . The flat-bottomed boat was homemade , cobbled together with no evident craftsmanship , from scarce and salvaged materials . It was about 14 feet long and 4 feet wide , with a hand-hewn pole for a mast and fallen sails that looked like burlap . As waves and a relentless tide drove it into the concrete wall , the boat was going under , surrendering to the ocean that had brought it to Key Largo , Florida . A small crowd had gathered . Some were taking pictures . My wife and I asked what was happening . One in the group told us that some men came over from Cuba in this boat the previous night . They had given themselves to the ocean and whatever fate their desperate journey might bring them . They had traveled nearly 200 miles , day and night , through rough and open waters , sailing this pitiful craft on pitiless seas . Local security had found them , walking around , lost . They had no destination beyond America . They were picked up and turned over to U.S. Customs and Border Protection . We asked how many there were . Someone in the group told us , "  Nine men risked their lives to come to the United States on this . " What is exceptional about this story is that it is not exceptional . Immigrants constantly risk not only their own lives , but also their children 's , for the economic opportunity we enjoy with indifference . While these men apparently were from Cuba , covered by the decades-old "  wet-foot-dry-foot " Cuban immigration policy , a trickle of immigrants from Central America has suddenly become a flood of women and children , swamping our border security offices . Tens of thousands of Guatemalans and Ecuadorians have been drawn by the luster of an American economy we find tarnished . Unlike those nine Cuban men , however , these immigrants have an additional reason for coming : President Barack Obama invited them here . As Byron York explained in the Washington Examiner , "  President Obama 's DACA decree -- Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , which allowed thousands of illegal immigrants to stay in this country if they came at a young age -- created , in effect , a magnet for young people to try to enter the U.S. illegally . " This degree , announced in June 2012 , allows immigrant children to stay if they had been in the United States continuously from June 2007 to June 2012 . Some say , however , the decree has swept through Central America . According to The Washington Post , a recent leaked memo by Border Patrol agents spoke of this wave of new immigrants , saying they were motivated to come now , in this surge , because they had heard of the change in U.S. policy that would allow them to remain in America . Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals must have sounded like popular politics to this President , yet it was cruelty disguised as kindness . Our President 's incompetence has created a humanitarian crisis : He has lured an endless stream of children and mothers to risk everything to travel here . We are a country divided today . The prevailing debate is what is wrong with America and who among us should be blamed for it . Yesterday 's newcomers blame today 's arrivals . Those who have already walked through the golden door of opportunity would ungenerously close it behind them . We confront each other over what we lack , forgetting the greatness we have built together and how much better we could still be . Democrats demand too much of immigration reform . Republicans demand too little . The stalemate serves both their political ambitions . And as we watch men risking their lives on what can barely be called a boat and children desperately throwing themselves across our borders , we harbor a shame : No immigration reform will pass Congress this year . Perhaps both Democrats and Republicans should remember : Once , many of our families , in either this or a previous incarnation , came here as immigrants , seeking a better life and freedom . Imagine that you are one of the nine men on that boat . Or a muddied child in the Rio Grande . We may never be called upon to make those journeys , but what would each of us risk to live in the greatest country in human history ? Much more , it appears , than our leaders would risk so we can keep living there . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Castellanos says a new wave of young immigrants were practically invited by Obama He says a recent change in U.S. policy allows them to remain in America Castellanos : Yesterday 's newcomers blame today 's arrivals
There was no bourbon , but Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell , the incoming majority leader , still sounded upbeat about his White House meeting with President Barack Obama Wednesday . "  We had a good conversation about a variety of different issues where we might possibly find common ground , " McConnell told CNN about the meeting , which was only the third private meeting he 's had with the President since Obama has been in office . McConnell , speaking when he returned to the Capitol , said he did n't want to say anymore about the specific issues they discussed or characterize the meeting any further . The session lasted about an hour , relatively short considering the heavy load of thorny issues the two men must work on together over the next two years . When he returned to the Capitol , a smiling McConnell was asked by CNN if he was given any bourbon , a drink the President recently joked he 'd enjoy having with the senator who represents a state famous for its bourbon whiskey . "  No , this was not the bourbon summit , " he chuckled . "  But I 'm still hoping we 'll have it . "	President Barack Obama and Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell met for their third private meeting on Wednesday There was no bourbon at the meeting , though Obama had joked previously about holding a "  bourbon summit " McConnell is expected to be the incoming Senate majority leader
EW.com  -- "  Savages " is Oliver Stone doing what he should have done a long time ago : making a tricky , amoral , down-and-dirty crime thriller that 's blessedly free of any social , topical or political relevance . How liberated from an agenda is this movie ? It 's about two marijuana dealers in Laguna Beach who run afoul of a Mexican drug cartel , and the film has nothing at all to say about either undocumented immigrants or the war on drugs . Yet you can feel how alive Stone is to the material . He stamps every scene with his darkly combustible cinematic personality . Based on a novel by Don Winslow , "  Savages " is grandiose underworld pulp staged with screw-tightening skill and a taste for nasty kicks that spills over into sadism and dread . It 's like a jacked-up "  Miami Vice " told from the point of view of the criminals . The film is narrated , in a "  Sunset Boulevard " - meets - "  Kill Bill " way , by Ophelia  Blake Lively  , known as O , a free-spirited California blonde who lives with , and loves , two guys and is their anything-goes siren-goddess . Chon  Taylor Kitsch  , a scarred , sexy hunk of an Afghanistan war vet , is the tougher and more volatile of the men . His friend and business partner , the gentler Ben  Aaron Johnson  , is a wispy-bearded nihilist hippie . The two went into the drug game together with a crop of " primo " marijuana seeds that Chon smuggled back from Afghanistan after enlisting in the military for that purpose . They 've harvested those seeds into a greenhouse crop that yields weed with THC levels of 33 %  the best high anyone 's ever had  . But the popularity of their product threatens the cartel 's business , which is why the gangsters come calling like a vicious corporation that talks " partnership " when it means " hostile takeover . " Run by a ruthless matriarch  Salma Hayek  from her hacienda , the cartel issues a warning in the form of a creepy Internet video of a dungeon full of freshly decapitated victims . But Chon and Ben are too arrogant to know what they 're dealing with . So the gangsters kidnap O and place her in the dungeon , where they threaten to hack off her fingers . "  Savages " is violent enough to risk turning off a portion of the audience . Yet even as the movie descends into blood-spattered exploitation , it 's revving up the suspense . When characters are threatened with stuff this brutal , you 'd better believe there 's something at stake . To get O back , Chon and Ben must become masterminds and warriors . They have to descend into savagery themselves . Stone presents some bravura set pieces , from a pulse-quickening encounter with a highway cop to an incendiary multivehicle heist to every scene with Benicio Del Toro as a very scary sociopath . As for Taylor Kitsch , he wipes away any lingering John Carter cobwebs with his explosive performance , and John Travolta is funny and desperate as a DEA agent up to his ears in slime . Exciting as it is , "  Savages " does slide off the rails during the last half hour . The film goes from intense to indulgent , plausible to preposterous . But it 's still a pleasure to see Stone settle into this dark groove . B + See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Savages " is a tricky , amoral , down-and-dirty crime thriller It 's about two marijuana dealers in Laguna Beach who run afoul of a Mexican drug cartel Although it 's action-packed , "  Savages " does slide off the rails during the last half hour
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Investigators in Nigeria say they have taken 13 people into custody after a mob attacked four students and burned them alive -- killings that were videotaped and posted online . A gruesome video on YouTube that showed the killings led to several arrests , police say . The video shows several men on the dirt , writhing in pain . Some are bloodied , and they have tires shoved over their heads . Read more : Why are Nigerians numb to slaughter ? Investigators have not yet determined why the mob killed the men , said Ben Ugwuegbulam , a police spokesman in Rivers State , in southern Nigeria . The attack happened Friday . Mob justice is common in Nigeria , with some people choosing to take the law into their own hands because police are either unresponsive or unwilling to patrol high-risk areas after dark . The posting has drawn comments from some who say that police should have done more to investigate the attack before the video was posted . Read more : Gunmen attack Nigerian university	A video on YouTube that shows a mob killing four students leads to arrests Graphic video shows bloody victims with tires around their heads Spokesman says investigators have not yet determined why the mob killed the men
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- A Brazilian TV host denies authorities ' charges that he orchestrated the murders of drug dealers and other criminals to generate sensational footage for his show . TV host Wallace Souza is accused of ordering hits on criminal rivals and then covering the deaths for ratings . Wallace Souza , a state legislator and former host of a police TV show called "  Canal Livre , " also was a drug trafficker , officials say . And to get rid of the competition -- and drive up ratings -- he would order that criminal rivals be killed and then would have his camera crews arrive first on the scene , authorities say . "  In truth , they went as far as creating acts , " said Thomas Augusto Vasconcelos , intelligence secretary for Amazonas state . "  It 's been determined that the crimes were committed in order to generate news for the program . " Souza has denied the accusations , and his lawyer has criticized key testimony and questioned the investigation . "  In all the investigations carried out by the public minister and the police , up to now they have not presented any technical evidence of any type , " attorney Francisco Balieiro said on Brazilian TV . State officials say Souza faces charges of forming a criminal gang , corrupting testimony , drug trafficking and illegal possession of firearms . He remains free because of legislative immunity , officials say . Watch report on Souza 's former show , charges he faces " State Attorney General Otavio Gomes told the Agencia Folha news outlet that Souza 's gang has been linked to six slayings . But prosecutor Pedro Bezerra told the news outlet he could not bring murder charges against Souza for lack of concrete evidence . The Amazonas State Justice Tribunal , which held a hearing on the accusations , said the criminal complaint was based on testimony by former Souza associate Moacir Jorge da Costa . After Jorge 's arrest , he talked about the gang 's reputed activities , including slayings . Souza 's lawyer , Balieiro , said police and public ministry officials did not have standing to investigate the TV show host because he is a legislator . Furthermore , Balieiro said , Jorge 's testimony was obtained in an irregular manner . According to the state public minister , who brought the charges against Souza , the legislator 's son , Raphael , belonged to the criminal gang . Raphael Souza has been convicted of homicide , drug trafficking and illegal gun possession . Fifteen people connected with Souza , among them police officers and a chief , have been arrested . Souza , a former police officer who left the force more than 20 years ago after being implicated in a fuel theft case , received the most votes of any candidate in the last election in Amazonas state . His TV show went off the air last year after the investigation into his possible criminal involvement intensified . He lives in the jungle city of Manaus , the capital of Amazonas state , a region of Brazil known for its prevalent lawlessness . Souza would often rail on his lunchtime show about the killings and other atrocities being committed in the area . Journalist Fabiana Andrea Frayssinet contributed to this report	Wallace Souza is a legislator and former host of a police TV show , "  Canal Livre " Authorities : Souza would order slayings , then have camera crews arrive on scene Police also say Souza is a drug trafficker ; Souza 's lawyer denies the accusations Despite charges he faces , Souza remains free because of legislative immunity
Trion , Georgia  CNN  -- Christopher Wolfe has a Tough As Nails , I Love America attitude . His pride swells along with his tattooed biceps . He 's a dying breed , a blue-collar American working on a product as American as apple pie . Blue jeans . "  This is our lifeline , " Wolfe says . Those jeans you squeezed into this morning ? It 's likely they began right here at Mount Vernon Mills , one of the last functioning cotton mills in America and the nation 's No. 1 producer of denim . In a tiny enclave of northwest Georgia , Wolfe and 1,200 of his colleagues churn out enough denim per week for 800,000 pairs of blue jeans . Most U.S. mills shut down years ago , unable to compete with cheap overseas labor . And in another sign of the global economy , the fabric woven here is rarely sent to American plants to be turned into jeans . Instead , the fabric is shipped mostly to factories in Mexico . The jeans then carry labels that read "  Made in Mexico of U.S. fabric . " Blame NAFTA . Blame outsourcing . Blame corporate greed for the selling out of America 's manufacturing soul . "  I 'd rather see people over here work , instead of struggling -- instead of giving somebody in another country a chance to make money that -LSB- Americans -RSB- should be making , " says Wolfe , 31 . He 's got a scar across his forehead , a shaved head and goatee . Like a pair of well-worn blue jeans , he 's rough and tough . Some workers here are second - and third-generation employees , following in the footsteps of their fathers , mothers and grandparents . Wolfe 's dad and brother work at the mill . You can see the pride in their faces : Made in U.S.A. , baby . "  We contribute a lot to America , " Wolfe says with a smile . He 's a father of four young daughters . He makes about $ 9 an hour . He toils for them , for his little girls , so they can have a better a life . "  This mill here , " he says , "  it feeds my family . " It has been in existence since 1845 , when slaves handpicked cotton in the South . Back then , mill workers spun the cotton into fabric and shipped it to factories in the North . It 's said Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman came through Trion , Georgia , during the Civil War and decided not to burn the factory down . The reason remains town lore . Some speculate the Union general might 've been treated to the charms of Southern hospitality at the local hotel  wink , wink  . What 's a good Southern tale without -- dare we say it ? -- some yarnspinning . "  Boss Man " who fights for workers Inside , you ca n't help but marvel at the scene around you . Hundreds of spools of thread churn all at once , with computer-like precision . There 's a million-square-feet of manufacturing space , much of it Canadian rock maple hardwood floors . It 's clean with a brilliant shine . Thread shoots every which way , as if Spider-Man came through . Go from cotton field to denim The sweet , distinct smell of cotton permeates the mill -- like that of nature in a hardwood forest , with the faint hint of a wet Labrador retriever . When you walk through with general manager Don Henderson , the workers pause . They glance at "  Boss Man " . Many stroll over to shake his hand . How you doing ? Everything , OK ? Henderson is one reason this place is still in business , on American soil . He has an aww-shucks attitude . He 'll tell you it 's those men and women out there on the floor that keep it going . He 's got pride in the plant , in his workers and in his family . His father worked for 39 years in the spinning department . His brother retired from the plant after 42 years , having started when he was 16 and eventually making his way into management . "  If I had the ultimate say-so , we would be right here for the next 100 years , " says Henderson , 64 , who has worked in the plant for 40 years . While the nation 's manufacturing base has shrunk , Mount Vernon Mills is a rare exception . The tiny town of Trion -- pronounced Try-On , as in "  our residents always ` try on , ' " 78-year-old Mayor Benny Perry says -- has a staggeringly large annual budget for such a small town . Its $ 12 million , mostly from taxes the mill pays , provides a state-of-the-art public school , park space and athletic fields . If the mill shuttered , "  it would destroy the town , " Perry says . In its heydey , the mill had 5,000 workers in the 1940s and 1950s . The company owned everything in town back then , from the tiny mill houses that surround the plant to the town hospital where Henderson and many of his co-workers were born . As a result , Trion does n't have a quaint town square . The mill is the centerpiece . About two years ago , when the nation 's recession hit hard , the plant had to layoff about 200 workers . "  It was awful , " Henderson says . To save as many jobs as possible and to maximize efficiency , the plant switched to two , 12-hour shifts . That 's down from three shifts , five days a week . The denim for jeans goes to companies as wide-ranging as Wal-Mart to JCPenney to Dickies to Polo and other high-priced brands . Henderson 's most proud of the mill 's ties to cowboys . "  We make the Wrangler rodeo cowboy jeans that all the rodeo guys still wear , " he says . "  We make the fabric right here and have been for -- gosh -- 30 years . " Henderson holds up one roll of distressed fabric that 's nearly ready to be shipped . It 's denim that once was used for lower-end clothing . But yuppies like the look . Henderson chuckles and shakes his head . Martha Teague is 63 and has worked in the mill for the past 35 years . She says other company towns had bosses that sold them out , that cared more about the dollar than its people . "  It just gives me a good feeling to be a part of that family of Mount Vernon Mills , " says Teague , who has a son working at the plant . "  It has educated my children and gives us a house and everything we have really . " Wolfe wheels 13,000 yards of yarn into the dimly lit "  ballroom . " It 's placed among a heap of others . "  We 're lucky to have what we got . Other small towns , they do n't have that . " He turns and walks away in the orange glow of the ballroom . You want to know a secret ? A $ 12 pair of jeans often comes from the same roll of denim as a $ 150 designer pair .	Cotton mill in northwest Georgia is America 's No. 1 producer of denim Mill has been operating since 1845 Most U.S. cotton mills shut in last decade , unable to compete with China "  This mill here it feeds my family , " says Christopher Wolfe , 31
CNN  -- After she was raped at Harvard , Madeleine Smith said that in her pursuit of justice she encountered people with good intentions who could not help her . One in five women is sexually assaulted while in college , according to the National Institute of Justice , and Smith is not the only victim who has been stonewalled by what she called "  archaic and misinformed policies . " Vice President Joe Biden , joining her Tuesday at an event at the White House on sexual assault on college campuses , said "  We are never going to solve this epidemic until we get men involved . " In a video montage , Hollywood actors Benicio del Toro , Daniel Craig , Steve Carell , Seth Myers and Dule Hill join President Barack Obama and Biden to encourage men to be part of the solution for a new public service announcement on sexual assault that will air in movie theaters this May . Biden said that in the neighborhood where he came from , "  if a man raised his hand to a woman you had the job to kick the crap out of him . " White House advises colleges on how to combat rape According to the "  1 is 2 Many " campaign , which is coordinating the PSA release with the White House , young women ages 16 to 24 experience the highest rates of sexual violence at the hands of someone they know , so publicly announcing to Americans that rape is wrong , and a crime , is necessary . "  If she does n't consent -- or ca n't consent -- it 's rape ; it 's assault , " says del Toro in the PSA . "  It 's a crime . It 's wrong , " says Steve Carell . But it 's more complicated than that . In Smith 's case , there were "  definite good guys , " the people at Harvard 's Office of Sexual Assault Prevention and Response , and "  definite bad guys , " her attacker and the Harvard "  faculty that gamed the system in order to support him . " The real issue , harder to pin down , said Smith , is everyone else "  who fell somewhere in between . " The White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault first alerted schools about their responsibilities to survivors of sexual violence in 2011 . Under Title IX , schools had to address sexual violence in order to provide equal access to education . Schools failing to do so , like Tufts University , have been publicly cited . Student activism takes many forms in fight to end campus rape Now , the administration is highlighting the importance of having confidential advocates on college campuses . The hope is to clarify that not everyone on college campuses has a duty to report . Otherwise , says the task force , "  a survivor quickly loses control over what happens next , " a critical issue for advocates like Smith who emphasize the importance of returning control to survivors . The task force Tuesday called for further training , saying "  insensitive or judgmental comments -- or questions that focus on a victim 's behavior  e.g. , what she was wearing , her prior sexual history  rather than on the alleged perpetrators -- can compound a victim 's distress . " In encouraging women to report sexual assault , and men to speak up , Biden invoked the film "  Deliverance . " "  I know what scene you remembered , right ? " he asked . "  How many of you would walk out of the woods and report ` I 've been raped ? ' " Transparency and accountability are major issues the White House task force is set to deal with . No college wants to admit it has a problem , but , paradoxically , those schools with the highest numbers may actually be taking the problem seriously because they have systems in place that allow students to file complaints . Smith Tuesday highlighted how hard it is to report a sexual assault . "  I want to share what it is like when your dad answers the phone , and you have to find a way to tell him that the one thing he never wanted to happen to his little girl has happened , " she said .	Biden speaks at White House event on college sex assaults New PSA features President Obama , Biden and Hollywood men speaking out Biden : In my neighborhood you ` kick the crap ' out of men who abuse women
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has been clubbed into the long grass by EA Sports after the games manufacturer ended its association with the world 's most famous golfer . Woods , 37 , won the last of his 14 major titles back in 2008 , but this year returned to world No. 1 after replacing Rory McIlroy at the top of the rankings . There were 14 editions of the video game bearing his name , which was played by millions of golf fans across the world . Writing on EA 's official website , the company 's vice-president and general manager Daryl Holt commented : "  EA Sports and Tiger Woods have made a mutual decision to end our partnership , which includes Tiger 's named PGA Tour golf game . We 've always been big fans of Tiger and we wish him continued success in all his future endeavors . "  EA Sports golf fans have always loved authentic courses and players , but they 've also asked for more choice and customization in how and where they play . " EA had previously stuck with Woods through his acrimonious divorce in August 2010 at a time where several other sponsors severed ties with the American . Gatorade , AT&T and Accenture and Tag Heuer all withdrew sponsorship or did not renew their deals following the revelations of Woods ' infidelity and subsequent divorce from Elin Nordegren -- costing him $ 20 million in earnings . From the endorsements he held in 2009 , just two remain : Nike , which teamed up with Woods when he turned professional in 1996 ; and NetJets , a plane ownership-sharing company . "  For most mortal sportsmen , losing the EA deal would constitute a real body blow . At an estimated $ 6.2 million a year , it 's a very significant chunk of change , " Sami McCabe , CEO of Clarity PR , told CNN . "  However , Tiger Woods is in a unique category in terms of earning potential from sponsorship deals -- particularly from his sportswear sponsor Nike , which ensures he dwarfs the majority of his peers -- in any sport . "  So I do n't see this news being a source of sleepless nights from a financial perspective . However , it might be the cause of concern for the longevity and sustainability of ` Brand Tiger . ' " According to market tracking company NPD Group , EA sold $ 771 million worth of games boasting the Tiger Woods name . DFC Intelligence , a consulting firm which deals with the gaming market , states that EA made $ 3.79 billion last year -- with its Battlefield and Madden NFL games the top sellers . But while the loss of the EA partnership should not cause major damage to the Woods brand , McCabe does believe the move remains significant . "  Losing a marquee sponsorship deal says two things : first , he 's no longer the force he once was on the golf course ; and secondly , EA will no doubt be replacing him with someone else , " he said . "  Rory McIlroy would seem the most obvious choice -- assuming his form picks up . So this might be perceived as the first major step in a changing of the guard . "  Losing EA Games wo n't make much of a dent on Tiger 's bank balance , but it does make a dent on his ubiquity . "  And that ubiquity is the single biggest reason why he 's able to command such astronomical sponsorship deals . "  That said , a couple of major wins would surely turn the tide back in his favor . " EA started making golf simulation games back in 1990 , with PGA Tour golf coming out on PC , Amiga and the Sega Megadrive . In 1998 it produced the "  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 99 " which became a huge hit on Playstation and blazed the trail for further success . But in recent years EA has begun to take a step back , with the 2010 cover of the game the first to feature another golfer alongside Woods -- Northern Ireland 's rising star McIlroy . A few months later on a newer version it simply showed Augusta , home of the Masters , with no trace of Woods on the cover . Rickie Fowler joined Woods on the front of "  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 " in the U.S. , while Arnold Palmer was used in the latest version .	EA Sports will drop the Tiger Woods name from its next-gen golf games There have been 14 editions of the Tiger Woods game PR expert believes Woods in unique category when it comes to sponsorship EA Sports sold $ 771 million worth of games with Woods ' name on it
CNN  -- First came the dramatic discovery of the long-lost remains of King Richard III . Now , there 's the mystery of the coffin within the coffin . Archaeologists working at the site in central England where Richard III 's body was found underneath a parking lot are currently puzzling over a sealed lead coffin containing the remains of a yet-to-be-identified person . The lead coffin was found encased in a larger stone coffin . The smaller coffin is intact "  except for a hole at one end of the casket through which we could tantalizingly see someone 's feet , " said Mathew Morris , the fieldwork director at the site . New discovery just as exciting Last year , archaeologists unearthed a body buried beneath a nondescript parking lot in the city of Leicester . In February , they confirmed the body was that of Richard III , the last king of England to die on the battlefield . The news drew global attention and set off a debate over Richard 's bloodthirsty reputation . Archaeologists from the University of Leicester , who have been toiling away at the site this summer , say the discovery of the double coffin is just as exciting . They only uncovered the lead coffin last week after eight people hauled the heavy lid off the stone coffin . But figuring out who 's inside looks set to be a much tougher task . "  This inner coffin is likely to contain a high-status burial , although we still do n't know who it contains , " Morris wrote in a blog post . "  No writing was visible on the coffin lid but it does bear a crude cross soldered into the metal . " There are three main contenders for the identity of the coffin 's inhabitant : a medieval knight named Sir William de Moton of Peckleton , and two leaders of the English Grey Friars order , Peter Swynsfeld and William of Nottingham . Beneath the parking lot The Leicester site is where a church , known as Grey Friars Friary , once stood . Over the centuries , the whereabouts of the friary 's remnants were forgotten , but it remained in the records as the burial place of Richard III . Last year , experts began digging away at the area , which had taken on the less illustrious role of a parking lot . They went on to establish that it was part of the friary and that a skeleton , hastily buried in an uneven grave , was that of Richard . The archaeologists who undertook a new dig this summer think the double coffin , located near Richard 's grave , was buried during the 14th century , more than 100 years before Richard was killed at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485 . Of the coffin 's three likely occupants , Swynsfeld died in 1272 , William of Nottingham died in 1330 and Sir William de Moton died between 1356 and 1362 . ' A first for all of us ' Besides the puzzle of who lies within , the archaeologists were excited about the coffins themselves . "  This was a first for all of us on site , " Morris said . "  None of the team had ever excavated an intact stone coffin before , let alone a lead coffin as well . " They have now wrapped up their four weeks of digging at the site . The lead coffin has been taken away so that experts can carry out tests to figure out the best way of opening it without damaging its contents . But , Morris said , other parts of the friary that the archaeologists tried to investigate this summer appear to have been completely destroyed -- meaning that some of the site 's mysteries may never be solved .	Archaeologists found a lead coffin within a stone coffin near Richard III 's grave The identity of its occupant is unknown , but there are three prestigious contenders The confirmation this year of the discovery of Richard 's remains drew global interest The excavation site is at a parking lot in the central English city of Leicester
U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has apologized to the United Arab Emirates and Turkey for comments he made last week that Middle Eastern allies are partly to blame for the strengthening of ISIS . The latest apology came in phone call from Biden to the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi , Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan , representatives from both countries said Sunday . The vice president issued an apology to Turkey earlier during the weekend . The problem appears to have originated during an appearance last week at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University when Biden spoke about Turkey , the UAE , other Middle Eastern allies , and the threat posed by the so-called Islamic State terror group , also known as ISIS or ISIL . Biden told attendees that the militant Islamist group had been inadvertently strengthened by actions allies took to help opposition groups fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad . Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al-Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world , " Biden told students . "  We could not convince our colleagues to stop supplying them , " he said . On Turkey 's alleged role , Biden said , "  President  Recep Tayyip  Erdogan told me , he 's an old friend , said , ` You were right . We let too many people  including foreign fighters  through . ' Now they are trying to seal their border , " he said , according to transcripts . Biden gets colorful on being a VP Denial and consternation Erdogan vehemently denied ever saying such a thing . Biden extended a mea culpa on Saturday to the Turkish President . The apology came hours after Erdogan expressed his anger over the comments to reporters in Istanbul , saying , "  Biden has to apologize for his statements . " Otherwise , he said , Biden will become "  history to me , " according to published reports by the semi-official Anadolu news agency . The United Arab Emirates ' foreign ministry hit Biden with a sharply formulated statement Saturday , expressing its "  astonishment " at the vice president 's remarks . They were "  far from the truth , especially with relation to the UAE 's role in confronting extremism and terrorism and its clear and advanced position in recognizing the dangers , including the danger of financing terrorism and terrorist groups , " said Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Dr. Anwar Mohammed Gargash . The apologies The UAE on Sunday said that Biden apologized to the Crown Prince during their phone call "  for any implications in his recent statements " that the Middle Eastern nation has backed the growth of terror groups . A statement from Biden 's office avoided the word "  apology , " but said he "  clarified that his recent remarks regarding the early stages of the conflict in Syria were not meant to imply that the UAE had facilitated or supported ISIL , Al Qaeda , or other extremist groups in Syria . " Biden thanked the UAE for its role in fighting ISIS and terrorism in the region , according to accounts from both nations . He made similar overtures to Turkey . "  The Vice President apologized for any implication that Turkey or other Allies and partners in the region had intentionally supplied or facilitated the growth of ISIL or other violent extremists in Syria , " Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said . "  The Vice President made clear that the United States greatly values the commitments and sacrifices made by our Allies and partners from around the world to combat the scourge of ISIL , including Turkey . " During their telephone conversation , Biden and Erdogan reaffirmed the two countries ' commitment to fight the terror group , Barkoff said . Erdogan 's office and the Turkish Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment regarding Biden 's apology . The issue has arisen at a sensitive time , with Turkey 's government authorizing the use of military force against terrorist organizations , including ISIS , as the militant group 's fighters laid siege to towns just south of the Turkish border . The government also agreed to allow foreign troops to launch operations against ISIS from Turkey . Until now , Turkey has offered only tacit support to the coalition . While Biden is known for making blunt statements that sometimes embarrass the administration , Turkey is particularly sensitive to allegations of allowing terrorists to cross its border into Syria . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has accused Turkey of looking the other way and , in some cases , providing support to rebels embroiled in the country 's civil war . Turkey , in turn , has accused Syria of fomenting the unrest that has led to ISIS taking hold in the region .	Vice President Joe Biden apologizes to the UAE He had said at Harvard that allies inadvertently strengthened ISIS Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan demanded an apology from Biden Biden said Erdogan told him that Turkey had let too many foreign fighters through the border
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's Constitutional Court Thursday struck down key parts of a law that would protect Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from prosecution . The law was designed to halt criminal proceedings against top government officials for 18 months on the grounds that they are too busy to appear in court . But Italy 's top court ruled that 18 months is too long , and that judges , not politicians , should be the ones to determine if a defendant is free to appear in court . The law will automatically be modified to conform with the ruling when the Constitutional Court publishes its verdict . The court heard arguments Tuesday about the legality of the "  legitimate impediment " law , which would have granted top Italian government officials what amounted to immunity while they were in office . The Berlusconi-backed law said top government officials could not be prosecuted because their official duties made it impossible for them to attend court hearings . The law was approved in March 2010 , but prosecutors in Milan challenged the constitutionality of the measure , saying it should be judges , not politicians , who determined whether someone had time to attend court . Two separate trials against Berlusconi are pending . He 's accused of bribing a witness to commit perjury in one case , and of tax fraud and other financial irregularities in another . Both trials began but were suspended when the immunity law was passed . Berlusconi has called the charges politically motivated . A third case against the prime minister , also related to tax fraud , is in preliminary stages . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 charges since first taking office as prime minister in 1994 , but remains very popular with the Italian public . The immunity law was due to expire 18 months after it was passed , which would have been in October .	NEW : The law will automatically be modified by the court ruling The Italian law would have stopped prosecutions against top officials for 18 months A court says that 's too long , and that judges must decide who can face trial Berlusconi faces two ongoing prosecutions and another is pending
CNN  NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel , ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos . Mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory  APL  in Laurel , Maryland , confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of Mercury , as anticipated , at 3:26 p.m. EDT , NASA told CNN in an email . NASA earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet  16 meters  in diameter . The crash was n't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury . Messenger  an acronym for MErcury Surface , Space ENvironment , GEochemistry , and Ranging  was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6 1/2 years before it started circling Mercury on March 18 , 2011 . It was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun . It traveled about 5 billion miles -- a journey that included 15 trips around the sun . Spacecraft to make death dive into Mercury The spacecraft was healthy when it crashed , but was out of fuel . When scientists determined there was no way to save it , they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission 's success . "  For the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet Mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system , " said John Grunsfeld , associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA headquarters in Washington . One of the mission 's big findings : It sent back data indicating that ice in Mercury 's shadowed polar regions , if spread over an area the size of Washington , would be more than two miles thick , NASA said . As the end neared , the probe sent back some final tweets thanking mission managers and counting down its final orbits . The Messenger mission is over , but scientists say they 'll be busy for years studying data from the probe . And while the space probe wo n't be sending back anymore images , you can see Mercury with your own eyes . It 's visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of May .	NASA 's Messenger probe smashes into Mercury , ending mission Space probe hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mph
A 7.3 magnitude earthquake rumbled early Saturday in the Pacific Ocean about 200 miles east of Japan 's main island , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The Japanese Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory for the Japanese coastal areas including the Fukushima prefecture , warning people to leave the coast . " The same organization canceled all such advisories and warnings a short time later . Sea levels might change slightly in some coastal locales , but no damage from a tsunami was expected , according to the agency . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no widespread tsunami threat around the greater Pacific region . Saturday 's quake happened at about 2:10 a.m. local time , with an epicenter about 203 miles east-northeast of Tokyo , the USGS said . The quake hit at a depth of about six miles . The Fukushima prefecture was where a 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami damaged several nuclear reactors in March 2011 . More than 15,000 people were killed in that quake and tsunami , and material damage related to the incident was estimated to be about $ 300 billion .	Japanese agency cancels tsunami warnings and advisories It says sea levels may rise , but does n't expect tsunami damage The quake struck early Saturday about 200 miles east of Japan 's main island
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A grenade explosion killed seven people and wounded another 24 on Sunday in a predominantly Somali neighborhood of Nairobi , a Kenya Red Cross official said . The grenade was tossed onto a minibus , known as a matatu , full of passengers riding through the Eastleigh section , according to local media reports . No group has claimed responsibility for this attack . Such attacks have escalated since Kenyan forces invaded neighboring Somalia last year to battle the Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab , blaming it for kidnappings of foreigners in the nation . A grenade thrown into a Kenyan church two weeks ago turned a prayer service into carnage , killing one worshipper and wounding 13 others . Witnesses said members of Al-Shabaab were involved , said Nelly Muluka , spokeswoman for the Kenya Red Cross . Seven weeks ago , one child died and several others were hurt in a grenade attack on a children 's Sunday school class in Kenya , the Kenya Red Cross said . Kenyan forces are engaged in a fight in SomalIa to debilitate Al-Shabaab . The group once held large territories in Somalia , but has lost significant ground in the past year , including its southern base of Kismayo , which Kenyan forces took in late September .	A grenade was tossed into a crowded minibus , local media reports say No group has claimed responsibility for this attack Attacks like this have escalated since Kenyan forces invaded neighboring Somalia last year
A teenager with cancer who touched the hearts of many in the United Kingdom with his tireless fundraising efforts died Wednesday at age 19 , his mother said via Facebook . It is news that will sadden many supporters won over by Stephen Sutton 's mix of determination , generosity and good humor in the face of his terminal illness . While he lost the battle to stay alive , he achieved a remarkable feat : Having set himself the challenge of raising some $ 17,000 for a teenage cancer charity , he ultimately inspired over $ 5.4 million in donations . On his website , Stephen 's Story , he tells how he was first diagnosed with cancer in 2010 , at age 15 . "  In a weird way , I see my first cancer diagnosis as a good thing . It was a huge kick up the backside . It gave me a lot of motivation for life . " He created a "  bucket list " on Facebook of 46 things he wanted to do before he ran out of time . "  Some things on my bucket list include sky diving . Crowd surfing in a rubber dinghy . Playing drums in front of a huge crowd . I ended up doing it live at Wembley . Hug an animal bigger than me . " But , he says , as he checked off each item , something else happened . "  Since starting the bucket list , I 've had people come up to me and offer to raise funds for me . To go on holiday or tick off a new item on my bucket list . But I 've actually refused . And decided to give the money to charity instead . " That decision led to a stupendous fundraising effort that won him the backing of celebrities and the general public , despite doctors telling him in November 2012 that his illness was terminal . On the Facebook page he set up to run that effort , Stephen 's Story , he describes himself as a "  teenager with incurable cancer just trying to enjoy life as much as possible , while raising funds for charity to help others . " And when his condition took a turn for the worse this spring , the news made national headlines . After rallying briefly , he was readmitted to a hospital Sunday with breathing difficulties . With typical fortitude , the last post he wrote said , "  Fingers crossed the issue will be resolved and that I 'll be out of hospital soon , I 'll keep you all updated with how I 'm getting on . " On Tuesday , a message on his Facebook page from his family said that his breathing trouble was caused by the regrowth of tumors blocking his airways and that he was no longer able to communicate . A day later , his mother posted : "  My heart is bursting with pride but breaking with pain for my courageous , selfless , inspirational son who passed away peacefully in his sleep in the early hours of this morning , Wednesday 14th May . "  The ongoing support and outpouring of love for Stephen will help greatly at this difficult time , in the same way as it helped Stephen throughout his journey . We all know he will never be forgotten , his spirit will live on , in all that he achieved and shared with so many . " Since his death was announced , donations have poured in . The money Stephen raised went to the Teenage Cancer Trust , the charity that helped him through each surgery and each round of radiation and chemotherapy he underwent during nearly four years battling the disease .	Stephen Sutton , who was first diagnosed with cancer in 2010 , has died at age 19 He created a "  bucket list " of things to do and ended up raising huge sums for charity His courage and fundraising efforts won him wide admiration in Britain Loss of her "  courageous , selfless , inspirational son " breaks her heart , mother says
InStyle.com  -- Stars like Katy Perry and Jennifer Lawrence changed up their hair color and length in 2011 and achieved dramatic results . See the most memorable hair transformations of the year . Blake Lively The "  Gossip Girl " star went auburn in late April for her role in the upcoming film "  Hick . " In June , Lively lightened her strands back to blond . "  I love it , " she told InStyle.com on her ever-changing ` do . "  When I play a character I love to completely transform , and changing up my hair color is a way I feel like I can disappear behind them . " Katy Perry Katy Perry went back to her blond roots in July , then revealed a new lavender hue at the VMAs in August . "  It was such an exciting challenge to custom-create Katy 's color for the VMAs , " her colorist Rita Hazan said . "  She is always willing to take risks to achieve a groundbreaking look . " InStyle.com : See all the hottest celebrity hair makeovers of 2011 Dianna Agron The "  Glee " actress cut her blond waves into an edgy shag in August . "  It feels more like me than ever , " she told InStyle.com exclusively . "  I love it ! I do n't miss blow-drying my hair , I do n't miss the maintenance , and it 's just fun to switch things up . " Evan Rachel Wood In June , Wood debuted her new pixie crop at the "  True Blood " season four premiere party in Los Angeles . Jennifer Aniston Aniston chopped her long layers into a one-length bob while promoting her film "  Just Go With It " in February . The cut , courtesy of Aniston 's longtime hairstylist and friend Chris McMillan , is the first time she has had above-the-shoulders strands since her famous Rachel shag in the '90s . InStyle.com : Jennifer Aniston 's Transformation Carrie Underwood Carrie Underwood debuted pitch-perfect bangs that hit just below the brow in late September . Drew Barrymore In April , Barrymore traded her two-tone ombre for blazing red . "  We had been talking about going red for a few months , and since Drew has been auburn before , we knew it would look good , " her colorist Tracey Cunningham told InStyle.com exclusively . "  It was n't a spur-of-the-moment decision . When Drew changes her hair color , she really commits to it . " History repeated itself in early November , when Barrymore went back to her ombre roots and snipped her strands into a long bob . Jennifer Lawrence For her role as Katniss Everdeen in "  The Hunger Games " Lawrence switched her sunny blond for a deep brown in May . Click here to see all of the most dramatic hair makeovers of 2011 at InStyle.com ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Glee " actress Dianna Agron cut her blond waves into an edgy shag in August Jennifer Aniston chopped her long layers into a one-length bob In April , Drew Barrymore traded her two-tone ombre for blazing red
CNN  -- Indian telecom services provider Bharti Airtel Limited and South Africa 's MTN Group Limited have renewed merger talks with the aim of creating an emerging market telecom giant , both companies announced Monday . Bharti Enterprises chairman and group chief executive officer Sunil Bharti Mittal in New Delhi in November Such a merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $ 20 billion and a combined customer base of over 200 million , according to both companies . In addition to savings , "  this opportunity also represents a first of its kind in developing an Indian-African initiative that would serve as a shining example of South-South cooperation , " said Bharti chairman and managing director Sunil Bharti Mittal . MTN CEO Phuthuma Nhleko called the case for such a deal "  highly compelling , " saying , a merged company would have "  leading positions in three of the fastest growing wireless markets globally -- India , Africa and the Middle East , with no overlapping footprint . " Under the potential deal , Bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in MTN , and MTN and its shareholders would take an approximate 36 percent interest in Bharti . Bharti would also be able to fully consolidate the accounts of MTN under the deal , MTN 's statement said . Bharti would serve as the primary vehicle for expansion in Asia and India in particular , while MTN would be the primary vehicle for the conjoined company to expand in Africa and the Middle East , Bharti 's statement said . The two sides have agreed to hold exclusive talks until July 31 . Singapore Telecommunications , a major existing shareholder in Bharti , will remain if the deal is implemented , according to Bharti .	Merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $ 20 billion Bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in MTN MTN CEO Phuthuma Nhleko : Case for such a deal "  highly compelling "
CNN  For 10 days following the 2010 Haiti earthquake , two CNN colleagues and I lived in a tent hospital run by Project Medishare . Our hearts ached as we heard the cries of the injured , as we watched surgeons performed amputations without general anesthesia , as people died in front of our eyes . But , in the midst of this despair , a miracle arrived at Project Medishare . CNN Senior Photographer Ferre Dollar caught these images seconds after she arrived . Look closely at the center of the photo . This 4-month-old baby had spent four days alone in the rubble and was unconscious and extremely dehydrated . No one knew if she would live or die . But look at her now ! CNN medical producer John Bonifield and I had the pure joy of seeing this wonderful young lady again last week . Her name is Jenny , and she 's 5 years old and a pre-kindergartner in Miami . She can write her name and loves to color and dress up as a princess and is adorable and spunky and smart and funny . Here are all the miracles that it took to save her life : 1 . That someone happened to find Jenny in the rubble four days after the quake . 2 . That at a time when vehicles were in short supply , Jenny 's rescuers flagged down a car to rush her to the hospital . 3 . That the Medishare team of doctors and nurses , led by Dr. Karen Schneider , an emergency medicine physician at Johns Hopkins , managed to get fluids into her . Jenny was so dehydrated her veins had collapsed and Schneider had to put a needle through her shinbone and directly into her bone marrow to deliver fluids . They did n't have to sedate her -- Jenny was so unconscious she did n't even cry . Here 's Schneider reunited with Jenny a year after her rescue . 4 . That Project Medishare found a flight headed immediately to Miami , because she needed surgery the tent hospital could n't provide . Hospital workers flagged down a UN truck and promised the driver they 'd name the baby after her if she got the airport on time . 5 . That the baby , then named Patricia after the truck driver , survived the flight to Miami and the emergency surgery . When the baby arrived in Miami , it was presumed her parents were dead . She 'd been found in the rubble next to the body of a woman , thought to be her mother . But that woman turned out to be her baby sitter . Shortly after the baby arrived in Miami , a couple came forward saying they were her parents . Many people doubted them , thinking they just wanted to get to Miami , but DNA testing showed they were telling the truth and the baby 's name was actually Jenny . Now Jenny and her parents , Nadine Devilme and Junior Alexis , and her 17-month-old little sister , Naima , live in an apartment in North Miami . Her parents have explained to Jenny that the bumpy scars on her left arm are from when she was crushed in the rubble of the Haiti earthquake . They 've told her she 's a miracle , that Jesus saved her . Jenny nods her head and says she understands . But really she 's a little embarrassed by all the attention and just wants to go put on her Cinderella dress and go outside and ride her bike and then draw pictures of big red flowers under a sun and sign her name : Jenny Alexis .	A 4-month-old baby spent four days alone in the rubble after the Haiti earthquake Jenny was evacuated to Florida for medical treatment ; only later were her parents able to claim her Five years later , she is a happy and healthy little girl
New York  CNN  -- A veteran New York City bus driver on Tuesday played down any claims of heroism for snagging a 7-year-old girl who fell three stories from a Brooklyn apartment building a day earlier . Steve St. Bernard , 52 , says neighborhood children alerted him to the girl standing on top of a window air-conditioning unit , and he positioned himself underneath her . "  I asked God ... I said , ` Let me catch her , please . Do n't let me miss , ' " the 10-year veteran of the Metropolitan Transit Authority  MTA  told CNN . "  I do n't play baseball . I 'm not a sportsman . I do n't want to miss . " St. Bernard said the girl was up above him for an excruciating seven minutes before she fell into his arms . Man saves woman during shark attack The incident occurred Monday afternoon and was captured on amateur video , which soon surfaced online . It shows the girl , who neighbors said is a special-needs child , standing and apparently dancing on the air-conditioner , losing her balance and falling . One of at least two people standing on the sidewalk beneath her reaches out and catches her before she hits the ground . "  It felt like a ton of bricks ... like a whole bag of rocks on me , " St. Bernard said . "  We went down . She touched the floor but the impact was n't on her . It was me and her going down . I guess I absorbed the blow . " Bernard and the girl were treated at a local hospital and released . Bernard hurt his arm and is now wearing a sling and ca n't go to work . Neighbors and onlookers have since hailed the bus driver as a hero while police investigate the incident , authorities said . The child apparently was able to get onto an exterior air-conditioning unit because the window guards were too small for the opening , said New York City Housing Authority spokeswoman Sheila Stainback . There are now child-proof bars in place and the air conditioner unit has been removed from the window . The girl 's mother told CNN affiliate WCBS that she thought her daughter was asleep and blamed the incident on the air conditioner , which she said was installed just a few days ago and was defective . Deborah Reed , a witness who alerted the girl 's mother that her child was standing on the air conditioner , was emotional about the whole ordeal . "  I am just so thankful that everything turned out well -- I really am , " she said . But most grateful was the girl 's mother , who hugged and thanked St. Bernard on Tuesday . Still , the bus driver is brushing aside the "  hero " label . "  If you have kids or you love people , like me , it 's something you jump into action real quickly , " he said . Football star tackles girl with gun on bus CNN 's Mary Snow and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	NEW : Impact of girl 's fall "  felt like a ton of bricks , " says man who caught her NEW : "  I asked God ... I said , ` Let me catch her , please , " Steve St. Bernard says NEW : Grateful mom hugs and thanks the 52-year-old bus driver NEW : Faulty AC unit has been removed and child-safety bars placed on window
CNN  -- Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has approved the exhumation of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's body , an official said Monday . The approval comes days after investigators said they found high levels of a radioactive substance on some of Arafat 's personal belongings . Last week , Suha Arafat , the former leader 's widow , told CNN that she wanted his body exhumed to find out whether he was poisoned . "  The president is making all the contacts for the process to be done , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 's executive committee . Medical experts from Switzerland will travel to Ramallah to take samples from the body , Ashrawi said . "  The remains will be exhumed for them to take whatever necessary samples to carry out the required tests , " she said . The process could begin within weeks , she said . A Swiss doctor said last Wednesday that investigators had found high levels of toxic polonium-210 on some of Arafat 's belongings , though it does not mean he suffered radiation poisoning . "  We have evidence there is too much polonium , but we also have hints from the medical records that this may not be the case , " said Francois Bochud , director of the Institut de Radiophysique in Lausanne , Switzerland . "  The only way to resolve this anomaly would be by testing the body . " The Palestinian Authority said last week that it would not object to exhuming the body from its tomb if Arafat 's family approves . If it turns out that Arafat , who died in 2004 , was poisoned , "  Any result will be significant for us to help know the truth , " Suha Arafat said . "  It is a form of closure for our family . Closing one wound but opening a new one , wondering who is responsible . " Bochud 's research team tested Arafat 's toothbrush , clothing and keffiyeh , the trademark black-and-white headscarf he often wore , Bochud said . A body fluid stain contained 180 megabecquerels per liter of the radioactive isotope , while a typical sample would contain 5 megabecquerels per liter , Bochud said . A becquerel is a unit of measurement of radioactivity . The fabric of Arafat 's clothing , without body fluid , contained less than 10 megabecquerels per liter , Bochud said . Suha Arafat said she was requesting the body be exhumed "  to make sure 100 % of the existence of polonium . " Arafat died at age 75 at a Paris military hospital after he suffered a brain hemorrhage and slipped into a coma . Palestinian officials said in the days before his death that Arafat had a blood disorder -- though they ruled out leukemia -- and that he had digestive problems . Rumors of poisoning circulated at the time , but Palestinian officials denied them , and then-Foreign Minister Nabil Sha'ath said he "  totally " ruled them out . Two weeks after Arafat 's death , his nephew said medical records showed no cause of death . Nasser al-Kidwa , who was the Palestinian observer to the United Nations , said toxicology tests showed "  no known poison " -- though he refused to exclude the possibility that poison caused his uncle 's death . "  The suspicion that he was killed , that he was deliberately murdered , has been there all along , and most Palestinians believe that , " Ashrawi said last week . "  I personally believed it because I was with him ; I saw him ; I saw the transformation , and it certainly was unnatural . " Ashrawi said she had spoken with Arafat 's doctors , who told her that they could not rule out the possibility that he had been poisoned . "  But we did n't have any kind of thread , any kind of evidence , " she told CNN . "  This report , in many ways , tells us our suspicions are founded , that there is sufficient evidence to say that he was killed , that he was assassinated using polonium . " But getting data from items like clothing "  is really tricky business , " said Cham Dallas , a professor and toxicologist at the University of Georgia 's Institute for Health Management and Mass Destruction Defense . "  We do n't have enough information to make any definitive statement , but it does seem a bit of a stretch " to conclude that Arafat was poisoned by polonium-210 , he told CNN in a telephone interview last week . Dallas questioned how much confidence the Swiss scientists could have in their measurements and said he is looking forward to results from tests carried out on the body after it is exhumed . "  I 'd have a lot more confidence if you could give me a bone sample , " he said . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : The exhumation could begin within weeks , an official says Official : Mahmoud Abbas says former Palestinian leader 's body can be exhumed A stain contained higher levels of polonium-210 than a typical sample , a scientist says The test results do not necessarily mean Arafat was poisoned , the scientist says
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- High in the hills above the Haitian capital , artist Levoy Exil paints at his terrace studio . The man who began a career using beets , carrots , tomatoes and black beans for paint creates vibrant abstractions of life and nature . A year ago , he infused a celestial oil painting with hues of purplish red -- symbolizing blood -- after he gazed outward and for a moment the verdant landscape turned to black . He knew then that something bad was coming . He saw the blood he had imagined on the streets of Port-au-Prince on January 12 when the earth heaved and 150,000 people perished . It 's now apparent that among the earthquake 's widespread destruction were museums , galleries and other places that contained Haiti 's artistic treasures , including Exil 's work . They were a troubled nation 's legacy , a key source of economic trade with the rest of the world -- and undeniable symbols of hope . Lost , perhaps , forever . The earthquake 's blow to Haitian art is staggering : The Centre d'Art , which launched the Haitian arts movement in the 1940s , is severely damaged . The Musee d'Art Nader , which housed more than 12,000 pieces from the largest private collection in Haiti , collapsed . Murals in the Trinity Cathedral , assembled by some of Haiti 's best-known artists , came crashing down . "  There is no art museum run by the government of Haiti , " said Georges Nader Jr. , who runs a gallery near the Nader museum opened by his father . "  This is for me like patrimony for Haiti . We were holding this collection for future generations . What will happen now ? I do n't know . " The significance of art in Haiti may be hard for outsiders to understand . But with few functioning institutions , few outlets of expression , Haiti 's brightly colored depictions -- some laced with spiritual traditions of voodoo culture -- of sun and sea , people and animals serve as memory for a country that has suffered under dictatorships and failed governments and is today the poorest in the Americas . With unemployment as high as 85 percent and a majority of Haitians reeling in abject poverty , art has also emerged as an economic lifeline . "  They 're painting their lives . They 're recording their history , " said Camille Scully , executive director of Iowa 's Waterloo Center for the Arts and co-president of the Haitian Art Society . "  And they 're very accessible because of the colors and style . Everyone who sees Haitian art tends to buy it because they respond to it . " Scully said efforts are under way to enlist conservationists to help Haiti , and a flurry of e-mails shared by collectors , curators , gallery owners and other interested parties show the urgency people are feeling to support the arts community . One key figure who 's been weighing in on the need to save what can be saved is Gerald Alexis , a leading Haitian art historian , critic and curator . Haiti has a long enough history of not conserving its art , Alexis said from his Quebec City , Quebec , home . An earthquake in colonial times , fires and hurricanes , as wells as riots , revolutions and government-mandated raids of voodoo temples , destroyed much of the creativity that pre-dated the 1940s artistic boom . For this reason , salvaging art , including the oldest piece in Haiti -- an 1822 painting buried in the national palace -- matters . Haiti 's art "  will tell future generations who they are and where they come from , " Alexis said . "  It 's our heritage . And although people think that in poor countries such concepts are unnecessary , they are indeed the only thing we have . Our cultural heritage is our pride . " In Port-au-Prince , Nader has been frantically trying to rescue the thousands of pieces his father lovingly collected over four decades . Among the masters : Hector Hyppolite . Philome Obin . Prefete Duffaut . Wilson Bigaud . Nader pulled out an oil-on-cardboard floral still-life painted by Hyppolite in 1945 that now looks more like a jigsaw puzzle with pieces missing . Some of the artworks housed in the Centre d'Arts , which was in a wooden structure , will be more repairable , he said . What do you do when cement gouges cardboard or canvas ? "  This ? Only cement can do this , " he said , picking up some of his punctured pieces . On the day of the quake , Nader 's 79-year-old parents were in their bedroom on the top floor of the building that houses the museum . They were pulled from the rubble after the museum collapsed . Nader could not hold back tears when he thought of the suffering around him and stopped the conversation to recompose himself . The cultural loss can hardly compare . "  At that time , the paintings were my last concern , " he continued . "  There were lives at stake . " But since then , he has been going back to the rubble every day to salvage what he can . He knows he has to -- for the sake of his country . On the second floor of his gallery , he and his staff have been collecting damaged pieces , their vibrant colors dulled by the dust . "  This is like a hospital for paintings , " he said , watching his staff strip off frames and backings . He picked up a damaged portrait of a fruit vendor by Antonio Joseph . He grew to manhood looking at the painting on his bedroom wall . It 's one of his favorites . So far , Nader has rescued about 1,000 pieces ; 70 percent need restoration . That was one room in the museum . Kent Shankle , the curator for Iowa 's Waterloo Center for the Arts , which houses the largest public collection of Haitian art in the United States , said he hopes there is a silver lining to the tragedy . "  Hopefully this is raising awareness and shedding light on both the beauty of Haiti and its people , as well as the incredible needs there , " he said . And , perhaps it will fuel a new wave of art that reveals the resilience of people here . "  We 've survived . It 's a blessing , " said artist Jean Louis Maxan . Maxan depicted Jean-Bertrand Aristide 's exit from Haiti in 2004 , an acrylic-on-canvas painting of "  American Air " waiting to take the disgraced president away . Now , he said , he will paint people screaming , piles of bodies and tents blanketing the city 's open spaces . High above the misery , Exil , too , said he will paint again . When nature tells him it is right . "  It 's a great loss for all of us , " Exil said of the earthquake . "  But life continues and we will continue to create . " He will rely on the lush , undulating landscape before him . The sun and the moon . And the distant sea . He will make beauty blossom from the ugliness below . For the future of Haiti . CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Port-au-Prince , Haiti . CNN 's Jessica Ravitz reported from Atlanta , Georgia .	Among earthquake 's destruction were museums , galleries with artistic treasures "  They 're painting their lives . They 're recording their history , " expert says of Haiti artists Artist sifts through rubble to save artwork in order to preserve history
CNN  -- When it came to second bananas , Ed McMahon was second to none . Ed McMahon turned being a sidekick into art . McMahon , known to generations of Americans through "  Tonight , " "  Star Search , " "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes " and as a commercial pitchman , died Tuesday . He was 86 . For 30 years on the "  Tonight Show " -- and several years more beforehand -- he was Johnny Carson 's trusty sidekick , introducing him , feeding him straight lines , making the guests comfortable on the couch . It was a job that generally aimed the spotlight at Carson , the host . But it made McMahon a star nonetheless . "  He was a star in his own right . Being a sidekick did n't mean he was any less , " Doc Severinsen , the longtime "  Tonight " bandleader , told CNNRadio . "  Johnny defined what the host should be and Ed defined what the sidekick was . " David Letterman , whose "  Late Night " followed Carson 's show on NBC from 1982 to 1993 , said in a statement : "  Ed McMahon 's voice at 11:30 was a signal that something great was about to happen . Ed 's introduction of Johnny was a classic broadcasting ritual -- reassuring and exciting . Ed was a true broadcaster , and an integral part of Johnny Carson 's ` Tonight Show . ' We will miss him . " Gallery : Ed McMahon through the years " McMahon , known to generations of Americans through "  Tonight , " "  Star Search , " "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes " and as a commercial pitchman , died Tuesday . He was 86 . While Carson could be insular and shy off camera , McMahon was always possessed of an outsized , hail-fellow-well-met attitude , comedian Joan Rivers -- a frequent "  Tonight " guest and guest host -- told CNN . "  I remember him with great affection , and I remember him -LSB- as -RSB- very solid whenever I hosted the show . ... When you needed him , he was a rock . A real rock , " recalled Rivers . "  He went beyond the ` Tonight Show ' and had his own identity and America liked him very much . He was a good guy . He was the neighbor . " Watch Rivers ' memories of McMahon " Dick Clark -- who really was McMahon 's neighbor in 1950s Philadelphia , when Clark hosted "  American Bandstand " and McMahon was a local TV star -- remembered his "  Bloopers " co-host as a man with "  a really big heart . " "  Fifty years ago , Ed and I were next-door neighbors . Over the years , our friendship grew while he became one of America 's favorite television personalities , " he said in a statement . "  We were together for years . Ed was a big man , had big talent and a really big heart . We 'll all miss him . " Rivers remembers McMahon as someone who was always willing to reach out . After she left the Carson show -- which she had hosted frequently in Johnny 's absence -- for her own late-night show , she remembered becoming persona non grata with many in Hollywood . But not McMahon . "  Ed McMahon always , whenever he would come in a restaurant or see me anywhere , would make it his business to come over and say hello , " Rivers said . "  And that was going against , quote-unquote , ` boss ' orders . ' " Watch McMahon recall the invention of "  Carnac the Magnificent " " The boss , however , knew his sidekick 's value . In vaudeville vernacular , a "  second banana " was the guy who played off the star comedian  the "  top banana "  . He was the straight man , the set-up guy , the performer who smoothed the way and occasionally got in his own line , all in the service of the lead . And few were better than McMahon . "  Ed was the best at what he did and will never be replaced , " said Don Rickles , a longtime friend , in a statement . "  Another giant is gone . "	Ed McMahon , who died Tuesday , was known as a sidekick -- but also a "  star " His outgoing public persona was in contrast to that of his boss , Johnny Carson "  Tonight " bandleader Doc Severinsen : "  Ed defined what the sidekick was " Joan Rivers : "  When you needed him , he was a rock "
Roger Federer has reached the U.S. Open semifinals for the first time since 2011 , but he sure had to do it the hard way . Federer saved two match points and rallied from two sets down to defeat enigmatic Frenchman Gael Monfils 4-6 3-6 6-4 7-5 6-2 in a late-night thriller in New York . The two played in Cincinnati just a few weeks ago and Monfils stretched Federer to a deciding third set . He was even closer to upsetting the 17-time grand slam champion under the lights at Arthur Ashe Stadium on Thursday , holding two match points on Federer 's serve at 5-4 in the fourth . While Federer saved the second match point with a winning forehand , Monfils had an opportunity on the first match point , only to miss a backhand long . Monfils never recovered . He double faulted twice to drop serve in the next game , Federer held to claim the set and the 33-year-old then cruised in a quick fifth set . It was the ninth time in his career Federer came back from two sets down . The last time it happened was at Wimbledon in 2012 -- against another Frenchman , Julien Benneteau . In a potentially good omen for Federer , he went on to win the title at the All England Club -- his last success at a major . "  I got off to a good start , so I was actually feeling alright , but then when I was down two match points , that 's when I was n't feeling so great anymore , " Federer , 28-1 in night session matches at the U.S. Open , said on court afterwards . "  I thought , ` This is it . This is the last point , man , just go down fighting , do n't miss an easy shot and let him have it . ' "  But I served well and stayed in the match and somehow turned it around . I felt great in the fifth , though . "  I was really starting to play better and better as the match went on , and that 's a great feeling . " Federer faces the resurgent Marin Cilic in Saturday 's semifinals after the big-serving Croat dispatched Czech sixth seed Tomas Berdych in straight sets . A year ago Cilic sat out the U.S. Open due to a doping suspension . The other semifinal sees top seed Novak Djokovic meet Japan 's Kei Nishikori , a maiden grand slam semifinalist . They won their quarterfinals Wednesday . For Monfils and France , it marks more disappointment . The country 's wait for a men 's grand slam singles champion will extend to 32 years . "  I will need time to forget about this match , but it gives me more motivation , " the 24th-ranked Monfils was quoted as saying by L'Equipe . "  He  saved  those two  match points  , so bravo to him . After that it was hard because my serve was n't good . He played well and me , I had a  dip  for five minutes . "  I felt tired physically and mentally , too , and he was very aggressive at that time . " Serena Williams and pal Caroline Wozniacki will meet in the women 's final if they both -- as expected -- progress Friday . Williams , the only grand slam singles champion of the women 's semifinalists , plays Russian left-hander Ekaterina Makarova and former No. 1 Wozniacki plays China 's Peng Shuai . Makarova , though , owns a grand slam win over Williams at the Australian Open in 2012 .	Roger Federer rallies from two sets down to beat Gael Monfils in New York Monfils held two match points on Federer 's serve at 5-4 in the fourth set The Swiss next meets resurgent Croatian Marin Cilic in the semifinals Serena Williams plays Ekaterina Makarova in the women 's semifinals Friday
San Diego , California  CNN  -- When you refuse to acknowledge a group of people in all their nuances and complexities , or depict them as predictable and one-dimensional , or dictate for them a code of acceptable behavior , it is a blatant sign of disrespect . It would be offensive for someone to suggest that all Italian-Americans think a certain way , all Irish-Americans behave a certain way or all African-Americans vote a certain way . So it is with 50.5 million Hispanic Americans , who come in every variety imaginable . You might know this from what you consume daily in the form of political messaging , media images and advertising campaigns from Madison Avenue . What better time to assert the right of Hispanics to be unpredictable and complicated human beings than Hispanic Heritage Month , which gives Americans the chance to learn more about , and pay respect to , the nation 's largest minority . In 1968 , Congress set aside one week each year to honor the contributions and culture of Hispanics . In 1988 , President Ronald Reagan signed legislation expanding the period to 30 days : September 15 to October 15 . A generation or two ago , the challenge for Hispanics was simply to get noticed by corporations and political parties . That happened . Ten million votes cast in a presidential election , and roughly $ 1 trillion in buying power , is hard to ignore . Today , the new challenge is to get those same corporations and political parties to see Hispanics as they really are as opposed to how others want them to be or assume them to be . For example , in the past several weeks , I 've been asked often on radio and television interviews to predict where the Hispanic vote will go in the 2012 election . My answer : Just about everywhere . Will Hispanics take a chance on the Republican presidential nominee -- especially if it is Texas Gov. Rick Perry who has a record of attracting Hispanic support to the point of being attacked by Republican rivals who mistakenly cast the immigration debate as "  us " vs. "  them " and put Hispanics in the "  them " camp ? Or will they double down by sticking with President Barack Obama who , while earning two-thirds of the Latino vote in 2008 , also heads an administration that has repeatedly lied to and manipulated Hispanics by promising immigration reform but delivering only record numbers of deportations -- more than 1 million since Obama took office ? My answer : Yes . Both those things will happen . And more . This is not a monolith . The Hispanic population in the United States is made up of conservatives , liberals , middle-of-the-road moderates , Republicans , Democrats , independents and everything in-between . It 's true that most Hispanics are registered Democrats , just like they have been for the past five decades dating back to the "  Viva Kennedy " clubs in 1960 . But it is also true that Hispanics have -- in gubernatorial , congressional and presidential races over the years -- been willing to cross party lines and support moderate Republicans who eschew anti-Hispanic nativism and craft a message that appeals to them . You see that sort of thing much more often at the local and state level than you do in the federal arena . But it happens everywhere . The list of Republicans who enjoyed significant Hispanic support in their political careers is long and distinguished . It includes George W. Bush , John McCain , Jeb Bush , Rudolph Giuliani , Arnold Schwarzenegger , former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan and two former Arizona governors -- Fife Symington and Jane Hull . Of course , among Hispanics , there are differences in geography , economic status and educational attainment that help shape how they see the world and their place in it . There are also ancestral differences . According to the 2010 census , about two-thirds of those 50.5 million people are Mexican or Mexican-American . The other third is made up of Puerto Ricans , Cuban-Americans , Salvadorans , Brazilians , Guatemalans , Hondurans , Colombians , Venezuelans and others . Sen. Marco Rubio , a Cuban-American and self-described "  son of exiles " who is being talked about as possibly landing on the 2012 Republican presidential ticket , is the darling of South Florida . Yet , if Rubio were on the GOP ticket , he is likely to be very unpopular in the Southwest where many Mexican-Americans resent Rubio 's hard line on illegal immigration . It 's easy to talk tough about border security or oppose "  amnesty " when you represent a community in which came here on the red carpet of the Cuban Adjustment Act , a relic of the Cold War that makes it almost impossible to remove Cuban immigrants once they arrive on these shores . But besides those differences , there are also similarities . Regardless of their backgrounds or biographies or biases , Hispanics want what the rest of their countrymen want : The chance to work for a brighter tomorrow , the right blend of rights and responsibilities and the respect that comes from being seen as individuals and not just part of a group . And why not ? That 's the American way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Do n't stereotype Hispanic Americans He says Thursday marks beginning of Hispanic Heritage month People ask which candidates are going to get the Hispanic vote ? Navarrette : America 's 50 million Hispanics are n't a single bloc
CNN  -- Investigators have found human remains at the site of a crash in northern Mexico believed to have killed Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera , but the family continues to hold on to a sliver of hope for a miracle . Civil aviation officials say they believe no one survived the crash . Yet Rivera 's family says hope is the last thing to go . Authorities would not describe the condition of the remains , but said they do not know how many people they belong to . The remains were found Tuesday at the site of the wreckage and were transported to Monterrey , the same city the private Learjet took off from , said Priscila Rivas , spokeswoman for the state 's public ministry . It is too early to tell if Rivera 's remains were among those found , Rivas said , but DNA tests are under way . Test results could take anywhere from a day to weeks , she said . Rivera 's brother , Lupillo , arrived in Monterrey from the family 's home in Lakewood , California . Before he left California , he described the situation as "  95 % bad news , " but added that the family is clinging to the small hope that Jenni Rivera somehow survived . A makeshift altar with flowers , balloons and candles appeared on the family 's front lawn . "  I trust in God , and he gives me strength , " said Rivera 's mother , Rosa Rivera . "  I know that if indeed  she 's dead  , I would thank God for the time he shared her with me , for the precious time she called me Mother . " Six others , including two pilots , were thought to be on board the plane , which lost contact with air traffic controllers soon after takeoff . Born in Long Beach , California , to Mexican immigrant parents , Rivera , 43 , released her debut album in 1999 , according to her website . She sings traditional Mexican ballads , and was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award in 2002 in the category of "  Best Banda Album . " In October , People en Espanol named Rivera to its list of the 25 most powerful women . Famous for her music , she is also known for her tumultuous personal life . The singer was a single mom at the age of 15 and is the mother of five , her website said . Rivera 's "  I Love Jenni " reality show began airing on Telemundo 's mun2 network last year . She is a judge on the popular TV show "  The Voice Mexico , " which was scheduled to air Sunday night on Televisa . Noting its concern for Rivera , Televisa said it would air a special report on the singer instead . "  To all her fans who are suffering , I say thank you , and do n't suffer . Soon we will have news of her , " Rosa Rivera said . CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Remains have been found at the site where Jenni Rivera 's plane is believed to have crashed Investigators can not say whose remains they are yet and would n't describe their condition DNA tests are under way ; results could take from a day to weeks , official says
CNN  -- The Los Angeles City Council overwhelmingly approved a boycott of Arizona-based businesses and governments Wednesday unless the state repeals a new law giving police the power to question a detainee 's immigration status . Several other California cities , including San Francisco and Oakland , have already adopted resolutions requesting city departments to not sign any new contracts with Arizona companies . The Arizona law requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance . The Los Angeles resolution passed Wednesday said Arizona 's new immigration law "  encourages racial profiling and violates Fourteenth Amendment guarantees of due process and equal protection for U.S. citizens , legal residents and visitors who are detained for suspicion of being in the country unlawfully . " The city 's legislative analyst reported that Los Angeles currently has $ 56 million in contracts with companies headquartered in Arizona . The city 's Harbor Department , which has $ 26 million of such contracts , is opposing the resolution , the report said . This includes money for the "  Clean Truck Program , " it said . "  The Harbor does not recommend rescinding this incentive program due to adverse effects this action would have on the environment and public health , " the analyst wrote . The resolution also prohibits city employees from traveling to Arizona "  unless special circumstances can be demonstrated " that canceling a trip would "  harm city interests . " The National Council of La Raza announced a boycott last week against Arizona 's $ 18.6 billion tourism industry because of the new law , and called on other groups to join . Nearly 30 organizations have come on board , including the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network , People for the American Way , the Japanese American Citizens League and the Service Employees International Union . Critics of the law say it will lead to racial profiling , while supporters say it involves no racial profiling and is needed to crack down on increasing crime involving illegal immigrants .	Los Angeles City Council approves boycott of Arizona-based businesses and governments Several other California cities have already adopted similar resolutions Resolution says immigration law "  encourages racial profiling and violates Fourteenth Amendment "
CNN  -- A recent torrent of complaints has prompted Apple CEO Tim Cook to issue a public apology for the company 's new maps app in the iPhone 5 and iOS 6 , which previously relied on Google Maps . Addresses are not showing up correctly , public transit directions are n't available , and the satellite views make it look as if the Brooklyn Bridge is bending into the Hudson River . Unlike the naysayers , I was delighted to see the change . That 's because six months ago , I broke up with Google . It 's not a decision I made lightly . I was in an intimate relationship with the company for years . Google knew what I watched on YouTube and which trains I caught into New York City for a night out . It facilitated collaborations with my colleagues and helped me navigate foreign cities . We had some good times together , Google and I. Opinion : Why a naked Apple would be a better company But over time , our relationship changed . Ads started to show up based on keywords that I had typed into the search engine or in my e-mail . In Google search , things I was looking for were now buried beneath "  helpful " suggestions of things I was n't interested in in the slightest . The problem was Google 's latest privacy policy , which went into effect in March . Google 's new rules mean that in addition to tracking your activities , it can aggregate your data across its many services and platforms such as Google Maps , Gmail , search , and Gchat , for starters . Why does Google collect and aggregate your information ? Because when Google has a better picture of who you are , what you like and what you do online , it becomes even more attractive to advertisers . While Google 's ecosystem offers many appealing perks and conveniences , the price you pay is your personal data . In short , when you use a Google service , you 're not using a product -- you are the product . So I took matters into my own hands , and broke up with Google . Anyone coming out of a long-term relationship will tell you that breaking up is hard to do . You have to change your patterns . My first step was obviously to switch search engines . But to what ? The old alternatives are all gone , absorbed by Google , Yahoo! and Bing . To make matters worse , I discovered that my own devices were working against me . Clicking a link on my computer or phone automatically opened Google Maps , search , or YouTube . I had to find new ways . Juggling directions from Nokia , Bing and MapQuest has led me on several wild goose chases while trying to get from A to B. I also spread my activities across multiple servers . I deleted my YouTube account , set my search engine to Duck Duck Go  a service that does n't track search information  , and logged into AIM . Deleting my Gmail account was the hardest -- and most revealing . It reminded me of the evil computer HAL 9000 's death scene at the end of "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " As I selected all the messages I have ever received and clicked the delete button , the system protested : Was I sure I wanted to do this ? It reminded me of all our good times together by telling me we 'd shared "  38,496 conversations since 2008 . " In defense of my stupidphone The ad bar stopped showing ads and started displaying environmentally friendly statements . Did I know that "  there is no limit to the number of times an aluminum can can be recycled " ? Or that "  empty tissue boxes can provide easy and handy storage for plastic grocery bags " ? I felt pangs of guilt and regret . When the screen finally displayed , "  You do n't have any mail ! Our servers are feeling unloved , " I almost changed my mind . That 's when it hit me . I thought we had an intimate relationship , when in fact I was being manipulated into codependence . Service by service , Google had convinced me that I needed it for everything , all to seduce me into giving up more of my personal data . Of course , Apple collects user information as well . But it is not the company 's main source of revenue . Apple users pay for their products in dollars , not in personal information . Its closed system of products and devices , while decried among tech pundits , is its advantage . Apple also has a long history of treating its users not like products , but like consumers . This incentivizes improvements that put the user first , giving us a more powerful voice . After all , we can vote with our dollars and with our downloads . Breaking the Google monopoly means that all of our choices can improve . And that 's why Apple 's leaving Google Maps is a step in the right direction . In the meanwhile , as long as I know where my information is going , I do n't mind getting a little lost . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Vertesi .	User complaints prompted Apple to apologize for its new maps app Janet Vertesi : I was delighted that Apple no longer relied on Google Maps She says Google 's privacy policy aggregated users ' personal data for profit Vertesi : Breaking the Google monopoly means that all of our choices can improve
AOL Autos  -- Gotcha ! That 's how many motorists feel when they see a little bright flash , which they know means an unwelcome fine and points on their license are heading their way . Motorists are debating whether speed cameras like these make roads safer or just stick people with useless fines . But how has the steadily increasing rollout of speed cameras in some 35 cities and more than 300 communities nationwide affected drivers ? Do motorists welcome the safety enforcement or think they 've been conned into paying a needless fine ? More importantly , do speed cameras make our roads any safer ? Perceptions in the press Speeders that make the nightly news are either famous or unusual . Like Jennifer Bittone , 24 , of Las Vegas , who was arrested in June in Scottsdale , Arizona , over some 22 speeding tickets issued in her name in just two months on one stretch of Loop 101 . Or the Chicago Bulls ' No. 1 draft pick , Derrick Rose who was fined more than $ 1,000 in July for broaching 100 mph on a Chicago freeway . Or the UK motorist who gained international notoriety in May due to speed-camera pictures of him -- perhaps unadvisedly -- mooning the camera . AOL Autos : Celebrity cars you can afford But the speeding issue , while occasionally titillating , is deadly serious . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reports that speed is a factor in about a third of all traffic deaths , which total about 13,000 annually . Speed cameras , as Wikipedia points out , were first used in Texas in 1986 . In 2006 , Scottsdale , became the first U.S. location to demonstrate the effectiveness of fixed speed cameras on a major highway , according to the Insurance Institute of Highway Safety . AOL Autos : Fast , fuel-efficient cars Empirical studies Russ Rader , spokesman for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety , which is funded by auto insurers with the mission of researching ways to reduce crashes , says the group is widely in favor of speed cameras . He said IIHS studies , and many similar reports conducted overseas , have proven their effectiveness . "  What the study found in Scottsdale , was that after they began the implementation of the pilot program , which is now a permanent program , the proportion of drivers traveling more than 10 mph over the speed limit dropped by 90 percent , and we found similar a response in Montgomery County in D.C. , -LSB- where it -RSB- declined by 70 percent . " AOL Autos : Cars with the most thrill per gallon "  It 's human behavior 101 : If drivers believe there 's a high likelihood of getting a ticket , they 're more likely to slow down . Speeding is a major factor in highway crashes . " The flip side Common arguments against the cameras suggest that while speed cameras will cut speeds , this can lead to "  bunching , " which can result in more accidents if drivers are taken by surprise by others slowing down quickly to avoid a fine . Anecdotally , this argument sounds convincing . Empirically , however , the argument is nearly impossible to prove . A 2005 review from the IIHS analyzed data from 14 studies and found crash reductions in the immediate vicinities of camera sites , ranging from 5 to 69 percent for all crashes , 12 to 65 percent for injury crashes , and 17 to 71 percent for fatal crashes . AOL Autos : Fast cars over 600 HP Chad Dornsife , formerly of the National Motorists Association and now head of the Oregon-based Best Highway Safety Practices Institute , an advocacy group for "  fact-based safety policies , " disagrees . "  There 's a direct correlation between congestion and flow factors and accidents , " he said . " -LSB- The -RSB- biggest problems are where backups occur . Cameras destroy the flow of the road . Any time a driver hits the brake , and the one after him , you completely destroy the flow and capacity of the road . " He said that most speed cameras are catching drivers driving fast at night , which is the safest time of the day to drive since here is less traffic and roads frequently are clear . Dornsife cited German autobahns as an example of safe , uniform , free-flowing traffic . "  Everybody is worried about speed cameras and how they are used , " he said . "  None of it has anything to do with safety . Bottom line is : it 's all about money . " Enforcement As well as raising revenue , a speed-camera system can free up officers from patrol duties to concentrate on other beats  which leads to criticism that police may be less inclined to patrol a section of road with a camera , leading to fewer arrests of drunken or reckless drivers  . AOL Autos : 10 hot , small cars Of course , the volume of fines usually has to pay court fees and cover the installation of the expensive network and its upkeep . Where camera systems are illegal In California , photographic speed camera systems are illegal . This year , the city of San Jose was ordered to abandon its system as it relied on an image of the driver , which is proscribed by state law as a result of privacy concerns , leaving the city to settle millions of dollars of fines it handed out . Photo imaging is also illegal in Arkansas , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , Utah , West Virginia and Wisconsin . Red-light cameras at junctions are generally permitted in these states . This ban is under threat in California , according to watchdog site Highwayrobbery.net , which says an East L.A. state senator 's bill introduced in February "  will remove from VC 21455.5 the requirement that an automated enforcement device be at an intersection , and that will allow the devices to be put on freeways . That change is accomplished by the repositioning of a 7-word phrase in VC 21455.5  a   2  . " That bill is still making its way through the state legislature . Concerns over speed cameras extend to more privacy issues than just photos . A recent Washington Post story detailed the fact that many convicted for speeding in Maryland had complained about their Social Security records appearing online alongside their driver 's license number and citation record . The records have since been removed . Driver perceptions The UK-based Institute of Advanced Motorists reports that a perception among motorists of unfair camera policy can seriously damage relations between drivers and police . But IIHS spokesman Rader said perceptions in the U.S. are surprisingly positive . "  In the U.S. the assumption is that people do n't like speed cameras . But we found in our surveys that , in D.C. , 51 percent of drivers favored -LSB- speed cameras -RSB- and 36 percent apposed them , " he noted . "  In Montgomery County , 62 percent supported them . In Scottsdale , 63 percent said they were in favor . After the operation began , 77 percent of drivers supported their use . Drivers support programs that make the road safer . " For Better or worse ? Speed cameras remain a contentious issue across the U.S. and internationally , where debate still rages in the United Kingdom and Australia . One thing is clear : legislatures and city governments are increasingly expressing interest in speed cameras , seeing them as both increasing safety and revenue in a time when many are facing budgetary holes . And while the general motoring public can probably see both sides of the issue , it may be merely that the system is perceived as being inaccurate or unfair that leads to such fractious debate ... rather than the actual system itself being unfair .	Speed is a factor in a third of all traffic deaths , national highway administration says Study finds cameras reduce speeders by more than 70 percent in some areas Expert says cameras lead to "  bunching , " which increases accidents Photographic speed cameras are illegal in California for privacy reasons
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A film about a stuttering British monarch , a movie about the founder of Facebook , a sci-fi thriller and a John Wayne classic remake topped the list of movies honored with Oscar nominations announced Tuesday . "  The King 's Speech , " about Britain 's King George VI , gathered 12 nominations , including for best picture and in three of the four acting categories . "  True Grit , " based on the same book as the 1969 John Wayne film , was nominated 10 times , including for Jeff Bridges for best actor , Hailee Steinfeld for best supporting actress and in the best movie competition . "  The Social Network , " which told the story of how a college student created Facebook , is up for Academy Awards in eight categories , including best picture and Jesse Eisenberg 's nomination for best actor . "  Inception , " a film that explores the human mind and dreams , got eight nominations , including for best picture . The nominees for best picture are "  The Social Network , " "  The King 's Speech , " "  The Fighter , " "  True Grit , " "  Black Swan , " "  The Kids Are All Right , " "  Inception , " "  Toy Story 3 , " "  127 Hours " and "  Winter 's Bone . " The best actor nominees are Javier Bardem , who starred in "  Biutiful , " Bridges for "  True Grit , " Eisenberg for "  The Social Network , " Colin Firth for "  The King 's Speech " and James Franco for "  127 Hours . " The best actress nominees are Annette Bening for "  The Kids Are Alright , " Nicole Kidman for "  Rabbit Hole , " Jennifer Lawrence for "  Winter 's Bone , " Natalie Portman for "  Black Swan " and Michelle Williams for "  Blue Valentine . " "  What an extraordinary journey this film has taken me on , " Nicole Kidman said . " ` Rabbit Hole ' has been a labor of love and I 'm so thankful to John Cameron Mitchell , David Lindsay-Abaire and the brilliant cast . This nomination reflects all of the heart and soul that these people have put into it , and I ca n't thank them enough . " Nominees for best supporting actress are Amy Adams for "  The Fighter , " Helena Bonham Carter for "  The King 's Speech , " Melissa Leo for "  The Fighter , " Steinfeld for "  True Grit " and Jacki Weaver in "  Animal Kingdom . " Best supporting actor nominees include Christian Bale for "  The Fighter , " John Hawkes for "  Winter 's Bone , " Jeremy Renner for "  The Town , " Mark Ruffalo for "  The Kids Are All Right " and Geoffrey Rush in "  The King 's Speech . " Australian actor Rush learned about his best supporting actor nomination after performing in a stage play in Sydney , Australia . "  Suddenly at the end they gave us this roaring standing ovation , " Rush said . "  This story has struck such a rich , resonant chord with audiences of all ages , which is very exciting , " Rush said . "  To have your work honored by your industry peers is even better . " "  Inception , " a film that explores the human mind and dreams , was nominated for eight Oscars , mostly in the technical categories . Other best movie contenders that received multiple nominations include "  The Fighter " with seven , "  127 Hours " with six , and "  Black Swan " with five . "  The Kids Are All Right , " "  Toy Story 3 " and "  Winter 's Bone " each received four Oscar nominations . The winners will be announced in a live broadcast from Hollywood 's Kodak Theatre on February 27 .	"  The Social Network " is up for eight awards "  The King 's Speech " gathered 12 Oscar nominations The cowboy remake "  True Grit " is nominated 10 times
CNN  -- Spring is the season for new beginnings and budding romances . There are couples canoodling as they dine alfresco outside restaurants everywhere . You can practically smell the sizzling steaks as you stroll down the street . And you ca n't walk in the park without stumbling on a romantic picnic . Spring is all about dining in the great outdoors . It 's about love and it 's about barbecue sauce . As someone who has dated any number of men who make Al Bundy look like Mario Batali , I should know . My dyspeptic dating disasters inspired me to conduct a study of the male species via their stomachs . I interviewed more than 200 men and women about the connection between a man 's wining and dining style and his mating style . I discovered you can divine a man 's essence from his culinary style . But before you fall head-over-Manolos for a likely hunk , consider whether he is likely to give you heartburn . Now , there is no prescription for love . We each have to find our flavor . Some of us love Budweiser and burgers and others amongst us enjoy being serenaded with fragrant , freshly cooked pasta and piquant pinots . Whatever our tastes are we should heed what his dining style says about him and consider whether it dovetails to ours . Otherwise , in the long term the relationship may end up being hard to stomach . Consider if you really want to end up dating someone with the lifestyle habits of Homer Simpson or , for that matter , Charlie "  seven-ounce " Sheen . While we often wear rosé-tinted lenses on dates that obscure us from seeing the real man , food does n't lie . What he puts on his plate -- and yours for that matter -- creates a very telling portrait of what he will dish up as a partner . And there is no spicier season when it comes to matters of the heart and the hotplate . Here is a rundown of some of the three most popular spring dining dates and what to watch out for to get an idea if he is the perfect male dish or a recipe for romantic salmonella . The Picnic There is nothing that typifies the spring date more than a picnic . It 's sunny out , the birds are chirruping and the flowers are budding . The season practically beckons for an outdoor buffet . If a guy suggests a picnic , then I would already give him major points for having romantic inclinations . But there is a vast difference between consuming McDonald 's on a park bench than sharing a carefully prepared picnic basket . If he invited you out for a picnic but forgets the blanket , substitutes beer for bubbly and instead of a restaurant-worthy repast provides a McMeal , then this guy is obviously not going to rate as any sort of gourmet Sir Galahad . He is your typical Homer Simpson type . No doubt you will find that he has n't forgotten the cold brew : this type 's solution to everything , including global warming . If you want to spend your life fetching his beers and vacuuming under his feet then he may suit you but if you want a guy who is n't domestically challenged then I would keep on shopping for a man with a well-packed lunchbox . Conversely , if your date packs a romantic meal for two : think shared nibblies , cold chicken , bubbly and even a salad , then this speaks volumes . This guy is someone who will invest in romance -- not just now but in the future . It also reveals that he has enough logistical skill to orchestrate dinner and enough motivation that you wo n't have to sandblast him off the couch to attend to culinary matters . This guy understands the power of food to forge moments . This goes double if he brought dessert . Barbecue Man The barbecue is where the culinary world and unbridled masculinity meet . I do n't think there is a stronger symbol of sexiness than a man at the helm of a bristling hot grill , especially when said man knows what he 's doing . I could easily flip for a guy who can flip a filet mignon . If this man can also hustle up some grilled veggies , a salad and a bottle of good wine then the date is in the bag , or at least in my book . The guy who ca n't wait to show you his skills behind a hot griddle , is your Steak and Two Veg type . A dining traditionalist who might have varying degrees of gourmet sophistication but he is generally a provider and a protector . There is something incredibly primal that bespeaks to our origins as hunter-gatherers about the barbecue . And there is nothing like the open flame to get some sparks flying . If a guy shows competency at the hot coals , then no doubt he will be a keeper . On the converse , if you ca n't coax your guy away from his remote control to tend to the burning coals , then he may not only suffer the risk of vitamin D deficiency , but will likely not be much of a handyman or a helper around the house , and not to mention he will probably not even have a license to drive a hot plate . Alfresco or at Home You would have to be Boo Radley or an agoraphobe to want to dine at home all spring . If a guy only wants to stay indoors then it means one of two things : either he has silverfish in his wallet  as he uses it so infrequently  or he is allergic to sunlight . Neither are attractive options . This guy may be a Gourmet Gigolo who wants to eat you out of house and home , waiting like a Venus Flytrap for you to feed him . Even if a guy is a superstar chef , if he gives a kebab about courtship he will try and serenade you with at least a couple of alfresco restaurant meals . If a man tells you it is just as romantic staying home and eating take out while watching the television , then you know that he is just feeding you a bunch of baloney . If a guy does take you out , his restaurant and menu choice will reveal realms about him . It is possible to tell if he 's adventurous or conservative or somewhere in between . Notice if he is a sharer or covetous and if he is controlling or carefree from his culinary conduct . More than that , what about his dining deportment ? Some guys would n't pour your wine first if both your arms were in a sling . It 's easy to tell how solicitous he is or if he 's completely oblivious and would n't notice if you fell down a manhole . If you really listen and look with all your senses you can tell a guy 's key characteristics from his culinary style . Most importantly , you can tell if he makes you salivate . If a guy does n't whet your appetite early on when he 's putting his best fork forward , it is unlikely he will later on . If you seek the delicious on a date , it is likely you will find a savory suitor .	Babe Scott says you can tell a guy 's key characteristics from his culinary style Beer and burger on a park bench is the picnic style of Homer Simpson , not Sir Galahad A guy who shows competency over the barbecue 's hot coals is a keeper Even a superstar chef will take his date out for an occasional restaurant meal
Federal airport screeners still find four to five guns at checkpoints on a typical day , the Transportation Security Administration 's chief told a Senate hearing Wednesday . "  Yesterday we found six , including one at ... Bradley  airport in Connecticut  -- a loaded gun with seven rounds in it , in a checked bag that  a passenger  was trying to get through , " Administrator John Pistole said . Passengers typically say they forgot the weapon was in their bag , TSA officials said . But in one recent case , a passenger at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport tried to board a plane with two pistols , three ammunition magazines , eight knives and a hand saw in a carry-on bag , the TSA said . That passenger was arrested by local law enforcement . More than 900 guns have been recovered at checkpoints this year , the TSA says . At a wide-ranging Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing , Pistole mentioned the Connecticut gun find as evidence of the effectiveness of the agency . Pistole also touted his program to expedite screening for trusted travelers , full-body scanners which can find nonmetallic items and "  Behavior Detection Officers , " some of whom now question passengers in an effort to ferret out terrorists . More than 150,000 people have gone through the "  expanded " behavior detection at Boston Logan International Airport , Pistole said . "  We 've had probably a dozen or so people who were referred to law enforcement because of their response , " he said . "  And it turned out , some of these individuals had outstanding warrants for them . Some were illegal immigrants . " Pistole said the expanded behavior detection is being tested in Boston and Detroit , adding , "  I want to get the data from those two airports before I make any decisions whether to expand it or not . " He said he would report back to the committee on the results at the test airports . Senators at the hearing generally praised the TSA for its work . But members of the travel industry , who testified after Pistole , said that current passenger-screening procedures were stifling travel and need to be improved . "  Since 2004 , TSA 's overall budget has increased by 68 % . During the same time period , passenger levels have remained almost the same , " said Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association . "  TSA is spending more money each year to screen the same amount of passengers . " Dow cited a 2008 survey in which 28 % of air travelers said they avoided at least one trip because of the hassles of air travel , which included aviation congestion and passenger screening . Airline fees for checked luggage are prompting people to bring more carry-on bags , adding to checkpoint congestion , Dow said . Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , said she would introduce legislation requiring airlines to include at least one bag in the price of a ticket , in an effort to reverse the trend and speed up inspections at checkpoints .	TSA Administrator John Pistole gives update on "  behavior detection " Travel industry still concerned about checkpoint congestion TSA : More than 900 weapons have been recovered at checkpoints this year
In a wild twist in the story of a kidnapped teenager saved when her alleged abductor was killed over the weekend , a report shows a disturbing similarity between the suspect and his father . James L. DiMaggio 's father had a violent past , and he once held a teenage girl at gunpoint after professing feelings for her , CNN affiliate KFMB reports . A report from the San Diego Union-Tribune at the time contains similar allegations . James L. DiMaggio was shot dead Saturday , 18 years to the day after his father committed suicide , the station reports . DiMaggio 's killing by an FBI agent in the Idaho wilderness ended the captivity of 16-year-old Hannah Anderson . DiMaggio is also accused of killing Hannah 's mother and brother in California before fleeing with her . A friend says DiMaggio , 40 , told Hannah a few months ago that he had a crush on her . DiMaggio and Anderson ` just did n't fit , ' Idaho trail riders say KFMB reports that DiMaggio 's father , James E. DiMaggio , did something similar in 1988 . He told a 16-year-old girl that he was "  in love " with her , according to the girl , now a woman who is keeping her name confidential . After having dated her mother , "  He had told me that he only stuck around because he was in love with me , he wanted to take me away to a better life , " she said . After she refused , he broke into her house , holding handcuffs and a shotgun , and threatened to kill the girl , her boyfriend and her brother , the station reported . "  I asked him not to kill us , and he said , ` Do n't worry , you wo n't feel a thing . ' " She managed to escape after saying she needed to use the bathroom , and DiMaggio ran off . CNN reached out to the woman through KFMB but has not heard from her . Public records show that James E. DiMaggio was the defendant in a criminal case filed in 1989 . No specifics were immediately available . DiMaggio 's fascination with Hannah Anderson The case is mentioned in a San Diego Union-Tribune article from December 1989 . Police wanted to question DiMaggio in a case involving a burglary and a beating at a motel , the article said . He had previously been arrested in July of that year "  after breaking into an ex-girlfriend 's home in El Cajon , wearing a stocking mask and carrying a sawed-off shotgun , " the article said . "  His ex-girlfriend was not at home , but DiMaggio held the woman 's teenage daughter and her boyfriend at gunpoint , " the article said , citing prosecutors . "  The boyfriend was handcuffed to a bedpost , but the girl escaped after asking to use the bathroom . ... Neither victim was harmed . " Andrew Spanswick , a friend of the younger DiMaggio , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " that DiMaggio 's mother died of cancer and , several years later , in 1998 , his father committed suicide . But public records show the date of death as August 10 , 1995 . DiMaggio 's father had already "  disappeared " by that point , Spanswick said . It was on the anniversary of that disappearance , earlier this month , that the younger DiMaggio 's house was set on fire , burning the bodies of his former friend and her son -- Hannah 's mother and brother , Spanswick said . Teen rescued , suspect killed	Report : The father , James E. DiMaggio , broke into girl 's home with cuffs , gun in 1988 He professed feelings for her , just as son James L. DiMaggio is accused of doing recently Suspect was killed 15 years to the day after father 's suicide , CNN affiliate KFMB says Friend : Younger DiMaggio 's house burned on anniversary of father 's disappearance
CNN  -- So , we ca n't really give you the full definition of one of the newest additions to the dictionary . Not that one is needed . Everyone knows what an "  f-bomb " is . But if you need to look up what it means , you can now in the 2012 update of the Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary , which describes the word as a "  lighthearted and printable euphemism . " It was one of 15 new listings announced Tuesday . Among them are "  bucket list "  popularized by the eponymous movie  , "  gassed "  a slang word meaning drained of energy  , and Oprah Winfrey 's signature phrase , "  aha moment "  a moment of sudden realization , inspiration , insight , recognition , or comprehension  . "  Some of the new words this year provide colorful images , " said Peter Sokolowski , Merriam-Webster editor-at-large . "  Terms like ` man cave , ' ` underwater '  when used to describe mortgages  , ` earworm ' and ` bucket list ' paint vivid pictures in your mind , " he said . "  They show that English speakers can be very creative as they describe the world around them . " The freshly added vocabulary also reflects a defining event of our time -- the global financial crisis : "  Systemic risk "  the risk that the failure of one financial institution could cause other interconnected institutions to fail and harm the economy as a whole  . And "  underwater "  having , relating to , or being a mortgage loan for which more is owed than the property securing the loan is worth  . Then there are this year 's technology additions : "  Cloud computing "  the practice of storing regularly used computer data on multiple servers that can be accessed through the Internet  . And "  sexting "  the sending of sexually explicit messages or images by cell phone  . That one sounds racier than f-bomb . Remember Anthony Weiner , whose sexting scandal cost him his congressional seat ? Here are the other added words : -- copernicium -- energy drink -- game changer -- gastropub -- mash-up	Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary adds 15 new definitions Among the racier entries are "  f-bomb " and "  sexting " Oprah 's signature phrase , "  aha moment , " enters the lexicon Additions largely reflect the worlds of science and finance
North Korea has "  the world 's most advantageous human rights system , " the country declared in a lengthy report released on Saturday . Its political system "  bestows upon  its citizens  priceless political integrity . " Its economic system "  ensures people an independent and creative working life , as well as affluent and civilized living standard , " according to a report by the DPRK Association for Human Rights Studies . The 53,000-word report -- which repeats the phrase "  human rights " over 700 times -- paints a rosy picture of the country . North Korea issued a vehement defense of its human rights record , in response to a damning U.N. Commission of Inquiry report , released in February . That report criticized North Korea 's authoritarian rule and said the state "  terrorizes " its own citizens . The U.N. Commission of Inquiry issued its conclusions after listening to testimonies from more than 100 victims , witnesses and experts regarding North Korea . It also examined satellite imagery and listed a stunning catalog of torture and widespread abuse "  that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world . " North Korea had declined to participate in the inquiry . The human rights plot North Korea says human rights is an excuse used by the United States to interfere in its affairs . The report repeatedly takes aim at the United States , saying Washington is plotting to "  eventually overthrow the social system " and also accused the Americans of invading North Korea in 1950 and starting the Korean War . The war began in 1950 after Communist forces attacked the south . The report denies the litany of the state 's abuses saying these are "  racket kicked up by the hostile forces " and derived from non-credible witnesses , who were paid to "  cook up groundless stories . " "  Pyongyang frames all criticism of their human rights situation as a politicized attack from hostile forces , " said Sokeel Park , director of research and strategy at LINK  Liberty in North Korea  , an international NGO that works with North Korean refugees . North Korea 's version of its human rights report was published ahead of Tuesday 's U.N. General Assembly , where a discussion and vote on North Korea 's human rights situation is expected . "  Pyongyang knows they are increasingly diplomatically isolated and they are trying to reverse that tide , " Park told CNN . "  They see the growing international consensus on the seriousness of their human rights violations as one facet of that diplomatic isolation , so it makes sense to try to counter that explicitly too . " This includes releasing their own "  human rights report " to counter the U.N. Commission of Inquiry Report , " he said . What the report says Divided into five chapters , North Korea says its report was derived from institutions , NGOs and human rights experts . "  The human rights mechanisms of the DPRK which have been formed and developed in the 70-year-long history is a superior system that thoroughly and practically guarantees the people 's human rights in all fields of social life including politics , economy and culture , " according to the report . It made no mention of its prison system , executions or food shortages . Instead , the report trumpeted its policies of "  universal compulsory education , free medical care and free provision of housings . " The North Korean report also boasted its "  open trial and rights of defense " -- which ran contrary to the U.S. State Department 's assertion that it is not given access or details on charges for U.S. defendants held in the country . On Sunday , Matthew Miller , a U.S. citizen , was convicted of "  hostile acts " and sentenced to six years of hard labor .	North Korea issues its own human rights report , declares it 's a "  superior system " Pyongyang issued the report in response to U.N. Commission of Inquiry report Timing of report 's release could be linked to upcoming U.N. General Assembly It makes no mention of its prison system or food shortages
Washington  CNN  -- The growing outcry over how the NFL and Commissioner Roger Goodell deal with incidents of domestic violence has reached the nation 's highest office . Even President Barack Obama has seen the footage of Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching his then-fiancee . "  The President was shocked by what he saw . Let 's put it that way , " White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough said told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . The incident involving Rice is one of several high-profile scandals involving NFL players that have spurred complaints that the National Football League is too lenient on players . A few months after the Rice incident , Goodell suspended him without pay and fined him an additional game check . However , after the TMZ Sports video so clearly showed the forceful nature of the punch , Goodell suspended Rice indefinitely . Last week , the White House addressed the suspension with a statement saying the President believes domestic violence "  contemptible and unacceptable in a civilized society , " but it was n't clear whether he had seen the video of the incident from inside the elevator . McDonough said the White House would n't at this point try to characterize how the NFL is handling the Rice case . But he did speak generally about Rice 's indefinite suspension . "  We all know that Ray Rice being suspended indefinitely seems to be exactly the right thing , " McDonough said . Other lawmakers Sunday were far more critical of Goodell and the league . "  I have a feeling there 's a lot of people that know stuff , what went on here , " Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  I 'm waiting to see if there is a major cover-up , if it shows -LSB- Goodell -RSB- lies , there could be many factual situations where , in fact , he should step down . " Klobuchar , a former prosecutor , is one of 16 female senators who sent a letter to Goodell calling on the football league to institute a "  real zero-tolerance policy " in such cases . The NFL announced late Wednesday that former FBI Director Robert Mueller will lead an independent inquiry into the league 's investigation and how it gathered evidence in the case . "  Bob Mueller 's integrity is on the line here , and hopefully he 'll get the facts out , " Klobuchar said of the investigation . "  The fact that  the NFL  gave only a two-game suspension and then turn around and after the evidence goes public say , ` Oh , oh , we made a mistake . Now we 're going to let him go . ' I think that 's problematic for the NFL and deeply concerning about how they handle these kinds of cases . " Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , who also signed the letter to Goodell , had scathing words for the NFL . "  I think the way the NFL handled this was awful . It was outrageous , " Gillibrand told CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  They had all the facts they needed . They had a player who admitted to beating his wife . They had video of him dragging her out an elevator . There was nothing left to determine . That player should 've been fired immediately . So we are now looking to the commissioner to enforce a zero-tolerance policy . " Gillibrand also said that if Goodell has covered up what he knew about the Rice incident , he should be benched . "  Initially , I want him to lead the reform to actually create and enforce a zero-tolerance policy . But , given the recent debate , you know , if he lied , if he lied to the American people , then he has to step down , " she said , "  because he wo n't have the force of authority to change how they address these issues . " Gillibrand said the bipartisan letter from lawmakers to Goodell may be merely the beginning of a broader congressional push for more accountability in the NFL . "  If the NFL does n't police themselves , then , you know , we will be looking more into it , " she said . "  I would n't be surprised if we have hearings . " Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut , recently told CNN that he would not "  rule out " congressional action to force the NFL 's hand on domestic abuse . In the past , members of Congress have leveraged their titles and hearing rooms to press major U.S. sports leagues to face difficult issues . In 2007 , the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee released the landmark Mitchell Report on steroid use in Major League Baseball . Household names such as Roger Clemens and Andy Pettitte were named , and MLB Commissioner Bud Selig responded that the report was a "  a call to action , and I will act . " Baseball fans would eventually see both Selig and Clemens , along with baseball titans Mark McGwire , Sammy Sosa , Rafael Palmeiro and Jose Canseco , testify before Congress . Outcry over the NFL 's response to the Rice incident has been compounded by two more recent incidents of domestic violence allegedly involving NFL players . Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings was indicted last week by a grand jury in Texas on a child abuse charge . Shortly afterward , he was placed on the inactive list for his team . The Carolina Panthers placed defensive end Greg Hardy on the team 's inactive list in a surprise announcement Sunday , months after he was convicted of a domestic violence charge . Authorities say Hardy choked his then-girlfriend , threw her around , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . Hardy -- 6-foot-4 and 275 pounds -- says he is innocent , and he has appealed a July guilty verdict rendered by a Mecklenburg County judge in North Carolina . Beyond the D.C. Beltway , California 's second most powerful government official has called on the San Francisco 49ers to bench one of its own players involved in a domestic violence investigation . Ray McDonald , a starting defensive end , was arrested on felony domestic violence charges last month . "  The 49ers ' continued insistence on playing Ray McDonald during his ongoing criminal investigation is a painful affront to every victim of domestic violence and sends a troubling message to our community , " Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and his wife said in a statement . "  We strongly urge the 49er organization we grew up revering to do the right thing -- right now -- and bench Ray McDonald , pending the outcome of his felony domestic violence investigation by San Jose law enforcement . " McDonald told CNN affiliate KTVU last month that he could n't say much about what happened . "  The truth will come out , " he said . "  Everybody knows what kind of person I am ... a good-hearted person . " CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell , Mayra Cuevas and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	White House chief of staff : "  The President was shocked " by punching video Lawmakers criticize the NFL and the league 's commissioner "  I 'm waiting to see if there is a major cover-up , " senator says
Flip-flop weather must be right around the corner . While nearly any sun-soaked stretch of sand sounds perfect just now , some beaches clearly take the sand and surf prerequisites to a higher level . The pinnacle for beach-goers ? Baia do Sancho in Fernando de Noronha , a volcanic archipelago off the coast of Brazil . This pristine Brazilian beach takes top honors on TripAdvisor 's Travelers ' Choice best beaches list , released Tuesday . The beach rankings , in their second year , are determined by analyzing the quality and quantity of a year 's worth of TripAdvisor user reviews of beaches across the globe . Baia do Sancho moved up from a No. 4 ranking last year . Click through the gallery above to see the top 10 beaches around the world . Overall , the best beaches awards include 322 beaches and lists of the most highly ranked beaches for Africa , Asia , the Caribbean , Europe , South America , the South Pacific and the United States . Here 's how TripAdvisor ranks U.S. beaches : 1 . Lanikai Beach , Kailua , Oahu , Hawaii2 . Ka'anapali Beach , Lahaina , Maui , Hawaii 3 . Siesta Key Public Beach , Siesta Key , Florida4 . Hanalei Beach , Hanalei , Kauai , Hawaii5 . Wai'anapanapa State Park , Hana , Maui , Hawaii6 . Wailea Beach , Wailea , Maui , Hawaii7 . Hunting Island State Park , Beaufort , South Carolina8 . Manini'owali Beach  Kua Bay  , Kailua-Kona , Island of Hawaii , Hawaii9 . Saint Pete Beach , Saint Pete Beach , Florida10 . Hanauma Bay Nature Preserve , Honolulu , Oahu , Hawaii	TripAdvisor announces its second annual best beaches awards A remote Brazilian beach ranks No. 1 Rankings are based on TripAdvisor user reviews over 12 months
CNN  -- Rapper DMX has found himself in trouble with the law again , this time with a DUI charge in South Carolina , authorities said Friday . Troopers in Greenville pulled over in a 1978 Plymouth station wagon Thursday night after spotting it traveling erratically , the South Carolina Highway Patrol said . DMX , whose real name is Earl Simmons , was driving , he was given a field sobriety test and failed , the agency said . The rapper was charged with driving under the influence , driving without a license and driving without a seat belt , the patrol said . . However , his publicist , Domenick Nati , said DMX was n't arrested for DUI . "  He was arrested early this morning but quickly released , " Nati told CNN . "  X was given a breathalyzer test and easily passed it . He is back at his home in South Carolina and we are continuing our focus on his upcoming album and acting roles . " But the state highway patrol responded to a CNN inquiry Friday evening by repeating that the 42-year-old rapper was arrested and charged with driving under the influence , driving without a license and driving without a seat belt . DMX has faced various criminal charges in the past , including probation violation , illegal drug possession and animal cruelty . Maricopa County , Arizona , authorities said he was arrested five times after August 2007 . That included a May 2008 arrest on drug and animal cruelty charges , when Simmons attempted to barricade himself inside his Cave Creek home , sheriff 's deputies said . Simmons also ran into trouble while in prison , being placed on "  lockdown status " and forced to eat only bread and water for "  jailhouse infractions . " In February 2009 , he threw a food tray in anger at a corrections officer , according to the sheriff 's office . In 2010 he was sent to prison after violating his probation . Four days later DMX was admitted to the Flamenco Mental Health unit for an undisclosed disorder .	NEW : Publicist for DMX counters report of DUI arrest Rapper DMX arrested after failing a field sobriety test , South Carolina authorities say He was also driving without a license , without a seat belt , SC Highway Patrol says
New Delhi  CNN  -- A senior official from India 's governing Congress party suffered brutal treatment at the hands of Maoist insurgents during an audacious and deadly attack on a political motorcade over the weekend , police said Monday . The assault Saturday by hundreds guerrillas on the convoy of Congress politicians in a forested area of the eastern state of Chhattisgarh killed at least 24 people and wounded 33 , according to authorities . Among the dead was Mahendra Karma , a top local party leader and the founder of a controversial anti-Maoist militia named Salwa Judam , or the Purification Hunt . His stance against the insurgents appears to have prompted them to take a vicious approach when they captured him . They fired 30 to 40 bullets into Karma 's body and smashed his head with the butt of their guns after killing him , said Ram Niwas , the state police chief . "  He was beaten brutally even after his death , " he said . Niwas said as many as 500 insurgents had participated in the attack . Police had previously estimated that around 200 attackers had raided the convoy . At least 16 cars in the motorcade of local Congress leaders were passing through the area when the insurgents set off a land mine and opened fire on them , police said . Among the dead were eight policemen , three laborers and some car drivers . Searching for suspects Authorities have n't reported any arrests so far , but investigations are under way . Security forces are combing the area where the raid took place , Niwas said Monday . A judicial inquiry has been ordered into Saturday 's assault . If any failings on the part of the police are found , "  appropriate action will be taken , " Niwas said when asked about his response to criticism of security in the area . On Sunday , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited a hospital in Raipur , the capital of Chhattisgarh , where some of those wounded in the attack were being treated . He was accompanied by the Congress party chief , Sonia Gandhi . "  We will pursue the perpetrators of this crime with urgency , and I can assure the nation that the government is committed to bringing them to justice , " Singh said . India 's internal threat Saturday 's severe attack came barely three days after Singh announced what he called a significant decline in killings by left-wing insurgents , whom the federal government describes as the nation 's gravest internal security threat . "  The quantum of violence as well as the resultant killings perpetrated by the left-wing extremist groups in 2012 declined significantly for the second successive year , " said a report Singh released on Wednesday to mark the fourth anniversary of his second term in office . He insisted his government has continued to provide public infrastructure and services in tribal districts hit by Maoist extremism . The rebels , officials say , aim to seize power through an armed struggle . Since the 1960s , the militants have said they are fighting for the dispossessed . Authorities suspect that the Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest areas and in tribal communities but also among young people and intellectuals . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the insurgents also are believed to have attacked infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	Most people in the convoy attacked by Maoists were from India 's Congress party Among the 24 people killed is the founder of an anti-Maoist militia The insurgents smashed his head with the butt of their guns , police say Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visits the wounded , vows to find culprits
CNN  -- Members of Ukraine 's newly elected parliament came to blows Wednesday amid accusations of changing political views , and the mayhem prevented the election of a new prime minister and speaker . The disruption started when members of the opposition tried to prevent two of its members from being sworn in because of suspicions that they had changed their political views . Read more : Ukraine : Caught between East and West One member 's ear was torn , and others were thrown out of the session and the doors were blocked . The action was broadcast live on the parliamentary channel in Ukraine . Later , members of the Svoboda Party , which came in fifth in national elections held in October , broke the doors and a metal detector at the parliament 's entrance to let even more members in . "  We knocked and knocked , " said Svoboda Party MP Yuriy Syrotyuk . "  The question is , who locked the doors for the members of parliament ? " Read more : Tymoshenko blasts Ukraine leader from prison Member walked on tables , on their colleagues ' heads and the speaker 's seat . The number of injuries has not been released . Eventually members agreed to suspend the session and resume Thursday . "  Our negotiations were successful " said Oleksandr Efremov , a member of the Temporary Parliamentary Panel . "  We negotiated to continue negotiations . " According to Ukrainian law , members of parliament are inviolable and can not be punished , and police can not intervene . Therefore , fights among members , many of whom are or were professional athletes , are common . Notably , Heavyweight World Boxing Champion Vitali Klitchko , also a party leader , was not involved in Wednesday 's fisticuffs . Elections in October left the ruling Party of Regions , led by President Viktor Yanukovich , in power . The second-place party , the United Opposition coalition , is organized by former Prime Minister Yuliya Tymoshenko , who is in prison on charges of abuse of authority , a punishment seen by the United States and Europe as politically motivated .	First session of new parliament in Ukraine ends in fisticuffs ; one member 's ear is torn Fighting prevents the selection of speakers and prime minister , which will continue Thursday Five main parties gained seats in election held in October , and the ruling Party of Regions won
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration has filed a request with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to stay a lower court injunction stopping the military policy regarding openly gay troops serving . Late Tuesday , U.S. District Court Judge Virginia Phillips in California denied the government 's request for an emergency stay of her order barring the military from expelling openly gay service members . That ruling came as the Pentagon has begun advising recruiting commands that they can accept openly gay and lesbian recruit candidates , according to a Pentagon spokeswoman . The guidance from the Personnel and Readiness office was sent to recruiting commands on Friday , according to spokeswoman Cynthia Smith . The recruiters were told that if a candidate admits he or she is openly gay , and qualify under normal recruiting guidelines , their application can be processed . Recruiters are not allowed to ask candidates if they are gay as part of the application process . The notice also reminded recruiters that they have to "  manage expectations " of applicants by informing them that a reversal of the court decision might occur , whereby the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy could be reinstated , Smith said . Groups representing gays and lesbians have warned against coming out to the military because the policy is still being appealed in courts . One group , the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , sent a statement out Tuesday reiterating the concern . "  During this interim period of uncertainty , service members must not come out and recruits should use caution if choosing to sign up , " SLDN Executive Director Aubrey Sarvis said in the statement . "  The bottom line : if you come out now , it can be used against you in the future by the Pentagon . " Judge Phillips ' ruling on "  do n't ask , do n't tell " stemmed from a lawsuit by Log Cabin Republicans , a gay rights group , challenging the policy . Former Army Lt. Daniel Choi , an Iraq war combat veteran who challenged "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and was discharged , moved to rejoin the military Tuesday afternoon . "  I 'm here because I want to serve my country , " he said . "  In the recruiting station . Apparently I 'm too old for the Marines ! " he said in a tweet . "  Just filled out the Army application . " Choi said he told recruiters he was gay and that there was no reaction or delay in the enlistment process . He indicated he would complete his paperwork Wednesday and that he did not care what rank he would assume . Will Rodriguez-Kennedy , president of Log Cabin Republicans ' San Diego , California , office , tried Tuesday afternoon to be reinstated by the Marines . "  Once a Marine , always a Marine , " said Rodriguez-Kennedy , a corporal who was honorably discharged in February 2008 . He served three years of a four-year term . "  It 's a feeling of not having completed a full tour , " he said . Recruiters told him Tuesday there were no current slots and they would call him in January , Rodriguez-Kennedy said . One option is to join another branch of the service , but Rodriguez-Kennedy said he might speak with Marine officers or get legal help . Reinstatement would allow him to keep the corporal rank and resume benefits . Rodriguez-Kennedy , 23 , served as a provisional military police officer in Iraq in 2007 . He said he was open to new responsibilities . "  I love the Marine Corps , " he said . CNN called several recruiting stations in New York and Chicago . They referred inquiries to the Pentagon . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy , Vivienne Foley and Phil Gast contributed to this report	NEW : Government appeals to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco Judge reaffirms ruling allowing gays and lesbians into the military Recruiting stations are not asking about sexual orientation The Pentagon says given the ruling , recruiters can accept gay and lesbian candidates
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Four people in two states have been arrested as part of an investigation into the Final Exit Network , an organization that police believe helped a Georgia man end his life in June , authorities said Thursday . Claire Blehr , 76 , of Georgia , and Thomas E. Goodwin , 63 , of Florida and Georgia , were two of the four arrested . John Celmer , 58 , lived in Cumming , north of Atlanta . Cumming police , the Forsyth County coroner and the man 's relatives all had suspicions that his death was an assisted suicide , and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation launched an investigation , the agency said in a news release . The GBI on Wednesday set up a sting operation at a residence in adjoining Dawson County , using an undercover agent who had posed as a terminally ill man seeking assistance with his suicide , the statement said . Claire Blehr , 76 , of Atlanta , Georgia , and Thomas E. Goodwin , 63 , of both Punta Gorda , Florida , and Kennesaw , Georgia , were arrested , the GBI said . Meanwhile , authorities in Baltimore , Maryland , arrested Dr. Lawrence D. Egbert , 81 , of Baltimore in connection with the investigation . A second person , Nicholas Alec Sheridan , 60 , also of Baltimore , was arrested Wednesday night , GBI spokesman John Bankhead said Thursday . All four face charges of assisted suicide , tampering with evidence and violation of the Georgia 's Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , the GBI said . The Final Exit Network , based in the north Atlanta suburb of Marietta , identifies itself on its Web site as "  an all-volunteer organization dedicated to serving people who are suffering from an intolerable condition . Network volunteers offer you counseling , support and even guidance to self-deliverance at a time and place of your choosing , but you always do the choosing . We will never encourage you to hasten your death . " Celmer suffered from "  very , very severe mouth and throat cancer , " his 85-year-old mother , Betty Celmer , said from her home in the Buffalo , New York , suburb of East Amherst . "  They were rebuilding the whole mouth , " she said . "  He was suffering terribly , that I know . " She said her son had undergone numerous surgeries and "  sounded depressed . " When he died , she said she had no idea his death might have been a suicide . In a statement released by the GBI , Celmer 's widow , Susan , said that she and her family "  are gratified that the GBI and other law enforcement agencies have pursued this matter vigorously and that their investigation has led to the arrests reported today . " She said she will not comment further and requested privacy , referring future questions to her attorneys . An e-mail to Jerry Dincin , a man listed as Final Exit Network 's vice president and treasurer on its Web site , was not answered Thursday . A call to Final Exit was answered by a recording . The method used in the suicide was helium inhalation , according to the GBI statement . People pay $ 50 to join the Final Exit Network , according to the GBI , and complete an application process . They are then visited by an "  exit guide " assigned to the case . "  During the visitations , the member is instructed to purchase two helium tanks of a specific size and brand and a specific type of hood known as an ` exit bag , ' " according to the GBI statement . "  On the day of the event , the member is visited by the ` exit guide ' and a ` senior exit guide . ' The senior exit guide instructs the member through the process . " Goodwin and Blehr were told the GBI agent suffered from pancreatic cancer , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . At the Dawson County residence on Wednesday , Goodwin allegedly walked the undercover agent through the steps and demonstrated how he would hold the agent 's hands to stop him from removing the exit bag , Bankhead said . The GBI said that after the death occurs , "  all evidence is removed from the scene by the ` guides ' and discarded , as evidence indicated happened in the Cumming case . " Goodwin 's former neighbors in Kennesaw told CNN he moved to Florida a few years ago but still owns his large home there and returns to check on it occasionally . Kay Makarenko , 69 , who lives behind Goodwin 's home , said she was shocked to hear of his arrest . "  I said , ` It ca n't be the same Ted Goodwin . ' " After the arrests Wednesday , authorities in Georgia , Florida , Maryland , Michigan , Ohio , Missouri , Colorado and Montana began executing search warrants and conducting interviews as part of the probe into the Final Exit Network , the GBI said , adding that GBI agents were in each state except Colorado to assist . In Phoenix , Arizona , police have linked the 2007 death of a 58-year-old woman to the Final Exit Network , Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Thomas said Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate KPHO-TV in Phoenix . Thomas said the woman , Jana Van Voorhis , was not terminally ill but suffered from mental illness and depression . He said a police investigation turned up records of visits from Final Exit guides to Voorhis , according to KPHO . No arrests have been made , but Thomas said he expects his office to wrap up its investigation and decide if charges are warranted within 60 days . CNN affiliate WDIV-TV in Detroit , Michigan , reported that search warrants were executed regarding two Michigan residents who sit on Final Exit 's board of directors . The Final Exit Network Web site features a "  Wall of Fame " with photos of Dr. Jack Kevorkian , among others . Kevorkian was released on parole in June 2007 after serving more than eight years of a 10 - to 25-year sentence in the 1998 death of a man suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . "  We believe the needs of those who are suffering are paramount , " the organization says . "  We applaud the work of organizations that seek legislative action to strengthen our right to die a peaceful and painless death at the time and place of our choosing . However , we feel that legislative change will not come soon enough for the many people who need help now and in the interim . " Betty Celmer , meanwhile , declined to share her thoughts on assisted suicide or the Final Exit Network 's alleged involvement in her son 's death , saying she lacks specifics . "  He 's in a far better place , " she said . "  That 's the only comment I 'm going to make . " CNN 's Ashley Broughton and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NEW : Widow says she 's gratified "  investigation has led to the arrests " Authorities probing group that police believe helped Georgia man end his life After Wednesday arrests , authorities in eight states execute search warrants Final Exit Network 's Web site : Volunteers offer "  guidance to self-deliverance "
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- In 2008 , the world cast its eyes on Beijing , the sprawling Chinese metropolis that was set to play host to the Summer Olympics . At VBS.TV , we caught wind of another story that soon had our full attention . As Chinese officials were taking unprecedented and often controversial measures to sanitize the notoriously foul Beijing air , much of the rest of the country was still covered in a thick blanket of noxious smog . According to a World Bank survey at the time , 16 of the world 's 20 most-polluted cities were in China . At the top of that list is the city of Linfen , a coal-mining and manufacturing hub in the heart of Shanxi Province . Within weeks , we assembled a film crew and went off to the landlocked province in northern China to find out more . After touching down in Beijing and making a quick visit to the Olympic countdown clock , we set out to visit the single most polluted place on Earth , hoping to place the dubious ranking into a human context . Despite the Chinese government 's promise of a marathon-friendly city , the Beijing air at the time was still plenty oppressive . But nothing could have prepared us for the dystopian scenario we encountered during our week in Linfen and the surrounding area . See the rest of Toxic Linfen at VBS.TV Before the trip , I had researched thousands of images of the pollution that plagues Linfen and Shanxi province , but to see it in person is , quite simply , devastating . The sun sets before it is supposed to , disappearing into a curtain of smog above the true horizon . Residents scavenge the roadside for coal that falls from the seemingly endless cavalcade of coal trucks , gathering it with bare hands . Schoolchildren play against the nonstop backdrop of billowing exhaust . Many of the elderly have trouble speaking between gasps of widespread emphysema . Residents of Linfen are aware of the growing threat the polluted air and water pose , and some of them have left the city . Most , however , have no choice but to stay . The infamy of a No. 1 ranking in the news media eventually motivated China to focus more attention on cleaning up Linfen , but unfortunately , the scene of overwhelming pollution is still rampant in many parts of the country . As easy as it is to criticize China 's bold industrial development , our visit was also a clear reminder of the same pattern of manufacturing and consumption that has occurred elsewhere since the dawn of the Industrial Age . In China , it just happens to be on a much grander scale and on the back of a globalized economy that has rendered China into an assembly line for the world . The most compelling research I came across to this end are recently published studies showing particulate matter from China 's factories and mines reaching across the Pacific Ocean to North America 's West Coast . China obviously has some cleaning up to do , and more importantly , some major strategizing to achieve a sustainable economy . Our futures are inextricably linked . Back in New York City , the coal mines of Shanxi Province feel worlds away , but as oil now gushes ceaselessly into our own backyard , we should pay even more attention to Linfen if we do n't want it to be a glimpse into our own future .	The city of Linfen has a permanent toxic smog hovering over the city Air quality there is the equivalent of smoking three packs of cigarettes a day Linfen produces and consumes large amount of coal
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Richard Lugar , the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , released a draft report Monday saying it is time to reconsider longtime U.S. economic sanctions on Cuba . "  The unilateral embargo on Cuba has failed to achieve its stated purpose , " Sen. Richard Lugar writes in a letter . "  After 47 years ... the unilateral embargo on Cuba has failed to achieve its stated purpose of ` bringing democracy to the Cuban people , ' " Lugar , R-Indiana , wrote in a letter that accompanied the report . "  The current U.S. policy has many passionate defenders , and their criticism of the Castro regime is justified . Nevertheless , we must recognize the ineffectiveness of our current policy and deal with the Cuban regime in a way that enhances U.S. interests . " Lugar 's letter preceded a 21-page draft report by the Republican members of the committee titled "  Changing Cuba Policy -- In the United States National Interest . " U.S. officials long have defended the trade embargo on Cuba -- initiated in 1962 -- as a way of pressuring the communist nation and its leaders , Fidel Castro and his brother , Raul , the country 's current president , to move toward democracy . The United States also has imposed travel restrictions on Cuba , which lies 90 miles south of Florida . In October , the U.N. General Assembly passed a resolution urging the United States to end its trade embargo on Cuba -- a vote that was praised by Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque as "  a clear and direct message to the next president of the United States about the necessity to change this obsolete and cruel policy . " During his candidacy , President Obama said that he would be willing to meet with Cuba 's leaders as well as the leadership of other countries that do not have diplomatic ties with the United States . A month after Obama 's election , Fidel Castro penned an essay in which he said he would be open to the idea of meeting with the new U.S. leader . But the communist leader warned that Obama "  must be reminded that the carrot-and-stick theory can not be applied in our country . "	Sen. Richard Lugar : It 's time for U.S. to reconsider economic sanctions against Cuba Indiana lawmaker is ranking Republican on Senate Foreign Relations Committee U.S. began trade embargo in 1962 to pressure communist regime to democracy "  We must recognize the ineffectiveness of our current policy , " Lugar writes in letter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday admitted he made a mistake in handling the nomination of Tom Daschle as his health and human services secretary , saying Daschle 's tax problems sent a message that the politically powerful are treated differently from average people . President Barack Obama is interviewed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . Daschle , the former Democratic leader in the U.S. Senate , withdrew earlier Tuesday as news that he failed to pay some taxes in the past continued to stir opposition on Capitol Hill . "  I think I screwed up , " Obama said in a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And I take responsibility for it and we 're going to make sure we fix it so it does n't happen again . " Daschle had apologized Monday for what he said were honest mistakes , calling them an embarrassment . The series of errors included improperly reporting $ 15,000 in charitable donations , failing to list $ 80,000 in lobbying income due to what Daschle said was a paperwork error , and not reporting as income a car and driver loaned to him by a friend and business associate . Watch Obama admit mistake " Daschle recently filed amended tax returns and paid more than $ 140,000 in back taxes and interest for 2005 to 2007 . Those tax issues , as well as questions over whether work he did after his stint in the Senate amounted to lobbying , gave critics ammunition to question Obama 's call for a change of culture in Washington . "  Ultimately , I campaigned on changing Washington and bottom-up politics , " Obama said . "  And I do n't want to send a message to the American people that there are two sets of standards -- one for powerful people and one for ordinary folks who are working every day and paying their taxes . " Watch the full interview with Anderson Cooper " Obama defended Daschle 's original appointment , saying "  nobody was better-equipped to deal both with the substance and policy of health care . " "  He understands it as well as anybody , but also the politics , which is going to be required to actually get it done , " Obama said . Earlier , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs insisted Daschle 's decision to withdraw was made on his own , not as a result of any prodding from the administration . In a written statement , Daschle acknowledged the political problem he had created for the administration . Still , Obama insisted the mistake was his . Read how CNN analysts assess the situation " Obama also said he 's going to crack down on businesses using taxpayer money to excessively pay executives . He plans a Wednesday announcement of mechanisms to keep that from happening . "  I 'm going to be talking about executive compensation and changes we 're going to be making there , " he said . "  We 've now learned that people are still getting huge bonuses despite the fact that they 're getting taxpayer money , which I think infuriates the public . " Watch Obama discuss getting tough on executives " The president also spoke about the struggling economy , the use of the label "  war on terror , " and lighter topics , including the family dog and his efforts to stop smoking . Thinking about the nation 's faltering economy keeps him up at night , Obama said . He also addressed criticism that there is too much spending in the current stimulus package bill written by House Democrats . iReport.com : Was Daschle properly vetted ? "  Look , the only measure of my success as president when people look back five years from now or nine years from now is going to be , did I get this economy fixed . I have no interest in promoting a package that does n't work , " Obama said . Cooper also asked Obama about reports that he is not using former President Bush 's phrase , "  war on terror , " to refer to the wars in Iraq in Afghanistan . "  Words matter in this situation because one of the ways we 're going to win this struggle is through the battle of hearts and minds , " Obama said . "  I think it is very important for us to recognize that we have a battle or a war against some terrorist organizations , but that those organizations are n't representative of a broader Arab community , Muslim community . " Watch Obama talk about the phrase "  war on terror " " Moving on to lighter topics , the president said the first family has n't decided what type of dog to get , but will wait until spring . Obama , an intermittent smoker , also said he has not smoked on the White House grounds . "  Sometimes it 's hard . But , you know , I 'm sticking to it , " Obama said . iReport.com : ` People should give him some slack ' Asked about the greatest lesson he 'd learned about the presidency from studying about Abraham Lincoln , Obama said : "  You know , when I think about Abraham Lincoln , what I 'm struck by is the fact that he constantly learned on the job . He got better . You know , he was n't defensive . He was n't arrogant about his tasks . He was very systematic in saying , ` I 'm going to master the job , and I understand it 's going to take some time . ' "	Obama tells CNN 's Anderson Cooper : ' I take responsibility for it ' President says message was sent that the politically powerful are treated differently Daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes Obama also discusses declining economy and fight against terrorist groups
CNN  -- At least six people were killed and 22 injured in a train derailment on Friday just south of Paris , French President Francois Hollande said . The announcement by Hollande revised the death toll down from seven dead in Bretigny-sur-Orge . Hollande arrived at the scene while rescue operations were under way . It was still unknown what caused the derailment of the regional train that left the Paris Austerlitz station Friday afternoon , said Guillaume Pepy , president of SNCF , the French national railway company . SNCF characterized it as an accident . Carrying about 370 people , the train was passing through the Bretigny-sur-Orge station . It did not have a scheduled stop there , Pepy said . It was bound for the city of Limoges , Valls said . The last four cars went off the track , the railway company said . One was lying on the track , it said . A photo airing on BFMTV showed part of the train lying on the station 's platform . Hollande , who said he 's traveled on the route before , announced three investigations -- a judiciary inquiry , an internal inquiry within SNCF and an inquiry that will be handled by the country 's transport ministry . Firefighters were on the scene as rescue operations continued into the evening , Pepy added . Experts began their investigation at the scene . "  The first thought we all have is one of solidarity toward the victims and their families , and we feel a strong emotion because rail accidents are upsetting to the whole public , " Pepy said , becoming emotional as he spoke . Earlier Friday , French police said that at least eight people had been killed , according to CNN affiliate BFMTV . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : At least six people were killed in the accident , France 's president says Last four cars of train derailed , the railway company says France 's national railways company says the derailment was an accident The cause of the derailment is being investigated , minister says
CNN  -- Freddie Prinze Jr. and Kiefer Sutherland have very different memories of working together on "  24 . " The two actors co-starred on the Fox series in 2010 , and according to Prinze the experience was so bad it left him wanting to change careers . "  It was terrible , " Prinze told ABC News of his stint on "  24 . " "  I hated every moment of it . ... I just wanted to quit the business after that . So I just sort of stopped . " Prinze did n't leave acting -- he was at San Diego Comic-Con over the weekend promoting his Disney XD series "  Star Wars Rebels , " and has worked on TV series "  Bones " and "  Witches of East End " within the past year . But according to Prinze , it was Sutherland in particular who made him want to throw in the towel . "  Kiefer was the most unprofessional dude in the world , " Prinze said of the "  24 " star . "  That 's not me talking trash , I 'd say it to his face . I think everyone that 's worked with him has said that . " Well , it does n't seem that way . In a statement to ABC News , Sutherland 's rep said that Sutherland did n't know Prinze was n't his biggest fan . "  Kiefer worked with Freddie Prinze , Jr. more than 5 years ago , and this is the first he has heard of Freddie 's grievances , " Sutherland 's rep said . "  Kiefer enjoyed working with Freddie and wishes him the best . "	Freddie Prinze Jr. says working with Kiefer Sutherland almost made him quit acting The actor and Sutherland co-starred on "  24 " in 2010 Sutherland 's rep says this is the first time Sutherland has heard of Prinze Jr. 's complaints
CNN  -- It 's all over now . Germany won the World Cup , which ca n't have surprised anyone who watched it demolish Brazil en route to the championship . But according to CNN 's calculations , Brazil should have taken home the trophy . While Lionel Messi was battling Thomas Muller to be the tournament 's top goal scorer , while Tim Howard and Guillermo Ochoa were batting away shots on goal , while Roy Hodgson and Fabio Capello were stalking the sidelines , CNN was looking at the bigger picture . We started with the FIFA world ranking for each team going into the World Cup , starting with Spain ranked number one , all the way down to Australia at 62 . Then we looked at how much each country was paying its manager . Russia topped that table , paying Capello nearly $ 11.5 million a year , according to Nick Harris of Sporting Intelligence . England came a distant second , with Italy , Brazil and Switzerland rounding out the top five . Soccer-mad Mexico came dead last , paying manager Miguel Herrera about $ 214,000 . Next we added in each country 's population size , since bigger countries have larger pools to draw potential soccer stars from . The United States was the biggest country to qualify , followed by Brazil , Nigeria , Russia and Japan . Bosnia-Herzegovina and Uruguay were the smallest , both with populations under 4 million . Then we averaged the three measures -- ranking , manager salary and population size -- to come up with our own prediction for how each team would fare in the World Cup . Our predicted winner : Brazil . It was the second-largest country in the tournament , ranked third in the world by FIFA , and with manager Luiz Felipe Scolari 's $ 3.8 million salary putting him fourth . It fared well enough in the group stages , but once things got serious , the hosts completely fell apart , conceding 10 goals in their last two matches and scoring only 1 . That left it in 4th place , three below where we predicted it should end up . Germany , on the other hand , overperformed , but not by much . We picked it to come second , and it came first , for a rating of +1 . Our statistics also tell us who the biggest over - and under-achievers of the tournament were . Some are obvious . The numbers suggest Costa Rica should have come 27th overall , but it trounced the big boys in the Group of Death and came out 8th , by FIFA 's official statistics . Second-place Argentina also did far better than our predictions . Yes , it was ranked fifth in the world going into the tournament , but it did n't shell out big money for a manager -- Alejandro Sabella was the 22nd-best paid coach -- and Argentina falls in the middle of the population table . Of course , having Messi be one member of that population makes a difference , even if the Hand of God did n't touch him in the final . Spain , on the other hand , was a giant dud . Ranked third in the CNN table , it actually came 23rd . Only one nation came out worse : England . Ranked 10th in the world , with the second-best paid manager and and the 11th-largest population , we think it should have come fifth . It came 26th . Italy and Russia also suffered in our rankings , partly for paying their managers so handsomely . We say Italy should have come third , not 22nd , and Russia should have tied at sixth place with the United States . Russia actually came 24th , while Team USA came 15th . The numbers also show one remarkable coincidence . On paper , Belgium and Greece are almost identical . Belgium was ranked 11th by FIFA . Greece was ranked 12th . Both have populations of about 11 million people , and the two nations paid their managers exactly the same salary . Both teams did better than we predicted . We picked Greece to come 18th , but it managed 13th . Belgium did even better , coming sixth , nine places higher than our calculations suggested . CNN 's Patrick Sung , Manuela Lanza and John Sinnott contributed to this report .	CNN worked up its own rankings for how each team should have done Our table is based on FIFA ranking , manager salary and population size England , Spain , Italy and Russia were the biggest disappointments Costa Rica punched farthest above its weight , and Belgium also shone
