WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton got to work on health care reform within days of her arrival at the White House as first lady in 1993 , newly released documents show . The National Archives on Wednesday released 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton 's schedule as first lady . Her first meeting on the subject came on January 23 , 1993 , only three days after her husband Bill Clinton 's inauguration as president , and dozens of related events followed . Despite her efforts , the Clinton health care reform foundered in Congress . The National Archives on Wednesday released more than 11,000 pages of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's schedule when she was first lady . Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign pushed for the documents ' release , arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of Clinton 's experience as first lady . The documents cover nearly 2,900 days . An additional 27 days will be posted in the near future , the archives said . The documents are among those at the center of a legal battle between the archives and Judicial Watch , a conservative public interest group that has long urged a speedier release of files from the Clinton White House years . Tom Fitton , president of Judicial Watch , said the trove of documents "  shows she was a co-president , " revealing an "  extraordinary extent of meetings for an unelected official to be meeting with cabinet officials . " In a court motion this month , the archives promised to release the schedules by the end of the month but said it will need "  one to two years " to process remaining documents , including more than 20,000 pages of call logs -- well after the November 4 presidential election . According to the archives statement , 4,746 of the schedules have redactions , information removed before being released , that largely relate to privacy concerns including Social Security and telephone numbers and home addresses . "  We 'll look them over , and may ask the court for relief if it looks like something important is missing , " Fitton said of the redacted information . He said Judicial Watch continues to demand phone logs from Clinton 's time in the White House . The papers show Hillary Clinton had no public schedule on the day independent counsel Kenneth Starr was appointed to investigate Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky , or on the day Bill Clinton was deposed in the case . On the day the affair began , Hillary Clinton had a private meeting and a meet-and-greet with then-Vice-President Al Gore and Nobel Prize winners . She kept up a busy schedule as the affair spiraled into impeachment . Some events on the schedule might prompt a chuckle , such as a note on the day when the House of Representatives voted to impeach Clinton over the Lewinsky affair that a holiday party dance between the president and first lady was "  optional . " The documents are from the files of Patti Solis Doyle , director of Clinton 's scheduling as first lady , the archives said in a statement . Doyle stepped down as Clinton 's presidential campaign manager in February after a string of poor showings in primaries . "  Arranged chronologically , these records document in detail the activities of the first lady , including meetings , trips , speaking engagements and social activities for the eight years of the Clinton administration , " the archives said . The records were simultaneously released on CD-ROM at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock , Arkansas , and at the archives in Washington . The documents will be available for view on the Clinton Library 's Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton scheduled health care meeting just days after inauguration NEW : Conservative group says records show Clinton was "  co-president " Archives releases Clinton 's schedule when she was first lady More than 11,000 documents are being released covering nearly 2,900 days
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- After a decade in power , India 's ruling Congress Party conceded Friday that it is headed to defeat as vote counting in the world 's largest election was under way . The mammoth election appears likely to unseat Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's two terms of leadership after a rash of high-profile corruption scandals , stubborn inflation and a slowed economy . Party spokesman Randeep Surjewala told CNN , "  Trends indicate a victory for the opposition alliance . "  We bow before the wishes of the people of India with all humility . We will continue to play the role assigned to us . We will try with greater vigor and determination to work with the large populace of this country . " The Indian National Congress Party has dominated Indian politics since the nation 's independence in 1947 . Seen as the father of India 's economic reforms , the 81-year-old , Oxford-educated Singh has been Prime Minister for India 's governing coalition since May 2004 . On Tuesday , he bade farewell to his staff , just three days ahead of the vote count . He will tender his resignation to the nation 's President on Saturday , said his spokesman Pankaj Pachauri . The official Prime Minster Twitter account stated that Singh had called Modi to congratulate him on his "  party 's victory . " Congress Party Vice President Rahul Gandhi said , "  I hold myself responsible " for the defeat . Exit polls , released after the five-week general election , have portended a majority for the opposition alliance led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  , which has fielded a pro-business leader , Narendra Modi , as its candidate for the Prime Minister 's post . India 's stock market surged Friday after initial numbers suggested a huge lead for the party . Celebrations broke out with singing , dancing , bands and even elephants in the mix as initial Election Commission numbers indicated a huge lead for the BJP . Supporters celebrated in the streets in Gujarat , the state where Modi has served as chief minister since 2001 . He tweeted : "  Good days are here to come . " A jubilant BJP described its potential landslide as a turning point for Asia 's third-largest economy . "  Till some time ago , it was said India 's success story is over . Now , the time has come to rewrite India 's success story , " party chief Rajnath Singh told reporters . He stressed the BJP had campaigned on the planks of development and good governance and credited Modi 's leadership skills for its success . Some observers say India 's 2014 voting was akin to a referendum . "  The majority of Indian voters had to choose between Modi or no Modi . They chose Modi . It was a referendum , " said K.G. Suresh , a political commentator in New Delhi . The South Asian democracy , the world 's largest , recorded a provisional turnout of 66.4 % of its 814 million eligible voters in its nine-step elections that began on April 7 , said India 's election commission spokesman Rajesh Malhotra . The count from electronic voting machines began 8 a.m. local time Friday . As is the norm , the Indian President will invite the party or the alliance with the largest number of elected lawmakers to stake claim to government formation . In 2009 , the Congress party , headed by Italian-born Sonia Gandhi , won 206 of 543 boroughs , its best performance in almost two decades that mostly saw coalition governments running the country . Within a couple of years since assuming power for a second term , Singh 's administration has had its popularity plummet over a spate of corruption allegations that sparked widespread street protests by anti-graft activists . High prices , slowing growth and what observers call policy paralysis dented Singh 's image as a reformist . "  The Underachiever -- India needs a reboot , " wrote the U.S.-based Time magazine in its Asia edition in 2012 that featured Singh on its cover . "  Is Prime Minister Manmohan Singh up to the job ? ' the title asked . "  I have every reason to believe when history is written of the period , we will come out unscathed , " Singh told a news conference in January as he announced he would not run for another term after the general elections . He , however , defended his governance . "  This is not to say there were no irregularities . There were irregularities , but the dimensions of the problems have been overstated by the media , by the CAG  comptroller and auditor general  , sometimes by other entities , " he had said . According to a damning report by the CAG , India 's national auditor , the national treasury lost as much as $ 31 billion from the 2008 sale of the wireless frequencies . The scandal rocked Singh 's government during its second term , as it also struggled with accusations of large-scale fraud in the sports , real estate and coal sectors . "  We are deeply committed to the objective of combating corruption , " Singh told reporters . "  An array of historical legislation has been enacted to make the work of the government transparent and accountable . " CNN 's Mallika Kapur , Sumnima Udas and Madison Park contributed to this report .	India begins counting votes after a five-week general election Congress Party spokesman concedes it 's likely to head to defeat Corruption scandals have hit exiting PM Manmohan Singh 's two-term government Exit polls predict win for Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and leader Narendra Modi
CNN  -- Arthur Sedille was up-front with police : He would often put a gun to his wife 's head during fantasy sex play at their Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , home . But Sedille said he did n't know the gun was loaded when he pressed it to his wife 's head and pulled the handgun 's slide back during sex on the night of December 21 . Now Sedille , 23 , is facing the possibility of a murder charge in Canadian County , Oklahoma , in the death of his wife , 50-year-old Rebecca Sedille -- who died when the handgun went off in their bedroom . According to a probable cause affidavit filed by Oklahoma City police , Sedille said the shooting was accidental . He called 911 afterward , according to police . Investigators decided to arrest and jail Sedille on suspicion of first-degree murder out of an abundance of caution , said Oklahoma City police Master Sgt. Gary Knight . However , as of Tuesday afternoon , formal charges had not been filed in the investigation , which is ongoing , Knight said . He declined to comment on investigators ' findings so far . Although a Canadian County judge found that probable cause exists to hold Sedille on the murder charge , assistant district attorney Paul Hesse said Tuesday he has yet to receive a report from police on the case . As a result , formal charges have not yet been filed , Hesse said . Sedille remained jailed Tuesday in Oklahoma County , Oklahoma . Police in Oklahoma City -- which spans five counties and 700 square miles -- book all of their prisoners into that county 's jail , Knight said . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Rebecca Sedille died December 21 from a gunshot wound to the head Her husband , Arthur Sedille , says the shooting was an accident Affidavit : Arthur Sedille often held a gun to his wife 's head during fantasy sex play Authorities say no formal charges have yet been filed
Camp Verde , Arizona  CNN  -- Several participants in a 2009 "  sweat lodge " ritual that left three people dead were collapsing and "  having issues " in the superheated environment , a survivor testified Thursday in an Arizona self-help guru 's manslaughter trial . "  I mentioned several times that I thought people were having issues and needed help to leave , and they did n't wish to leave , " Melissa Phillips testified . She said she could hear "  a snorting breath sound " from one of the participants , Kirby Brown , who died after the October 2009 event . Phillips said during the event , one of her friends had collapsed "  and could n't feel her legs , and her husband was really concerned . So I asked the angels to help me and I did the breathwork affirmations that I was taught . " Phillips was the first witness in the trial of James Arthur Ray , who faces reckless manslaughter charges stemming from his "  Spiritual Warrior " retreat outside Sedona , Arizona . The sweat lodge hosted a purification ritual for participants modeled on Native American customs . Prosecutors argued that the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , died the night of the October 2009 event , while Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died nine days later . At least 15 others who took part fell ill , but more than 40 others were uninjured . Ray , 53 , had conducted his Spiritual Warrior Retreat for six years at a cost of about $ 10,000 to participants . The sweat lodge , 5 feet tall and 23 feet wide , was built to accommodate up to 75 people . There was a pit in the center where heated rocks were placed , and Ray poured water over the stones to create steam . Defense attorney Luis Li told jurors as the trial began Tuesday that the deaths were "  a tragic accident -- not a crime . " But prosecutors maintain Ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to their deaths . Under cross-examination , Phillips acknowledged signing a release form that warned of an "  inherent risk " of injury in some activities in Ray 's program . But she said she would n't have taken part "  if I had thought my life could be in jeopardy . " She also said she had left the lodge at one point , but went back in . When she finally left , "  I could n't walk immediately . and I was shaking and I was overheated and not feeling well , " Phillips said . Paramedics had been called by that time , and when one told her she may have suffered carbon monoxide poisoning , "  I freaked out . " "  I decided I had medical insurance and would go to the hospital and get checked out , " she said . In Session 's Monique Oliver contributed to this report .	Survivor testifies about purification event Three people died after the 2009 event in Arizona Self-help guru James Arthur Ray is on trial for manslaughter
CNN  -- The Israeli military calculated the number of calories residents of Gaza needed to avoid malnutrition during Israel 's embargo from 2007 to 2010 , according to a document released Wednesday under court order . A spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories said the document was a draft that was never implemented . "  No action was ever carried out based on the paper , " a written statement said . Gisha , an Israeli human rights group , said it acquired two versions of the study from 2008 . The document concluded that 106 trucks per day could bring the appropriate amount of food , medicine , hygiene items and agricultural "  inputs . " The group said that was in contrast to the more than 400 trucks that entered Gaza before June 2007 . "  How can Israel claim that it is not responsible for civilian life in Gaza when it controls even the type and quantity of food that Palestinian residents of Gaza are permitted to consume ? " said Sari Bashi , executive director of Gisha . Gisha said the 106-truck standard was the model for what Israel Deputy Defense Minister Matan Vilnai approved , and it demanded Israel allow the free passage of goods . Fawzi Barhoum , a Hamas spokesman , said : "  This is good evidence against Israel . We will use this report against Israel to show its crimes against humanity . " Israel had enacted a ban on the import of many goods after the Hamas takeover of Gaza in 2007 . Israel , the United States and the European Union consider the Islamist group a terrorist organization . Israel is concerned that Hamas will use some materials for the purpose of attacking its territory . Israel eased its food embargo in 2010 . Arab Spring fallout : More sophisticated weapons in Gaza	Document said 106 truckloads per day was a sufficient amount of goods Israel says it was only a study and never put into action Human rights group disagreed , saying aspects of plan were what actually occurred Israel eased its food embargo two years ago
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Seeking to identify the man who shot dead another man outside a store in Naples , Italy , in the spring , an anti-mafia prosecutor distributed on Thursday a video showing the execution . The surveillance-camera video , shot May 11 , shows a man wearing a baseball cap , dark jersey , blue jeans and running shoes entering a store , walking to the back and looking around , then walking out . As he exits , he pulls a pistol from his right front pants pocket and shoots a man standing outside the store . As the victim buckles to his knees and then sprawls headlong on the pavement , the killer approaches him from behind and squeezes off a second round into the back of his head , turns and strides unhurriedly out of camera view . Passers-by appear unfazed . One woman tries to lift the victim 's head in an apparent attempt to see whether she knows him ; a man steps over the body . "  Indeed , it is ugly to see people behaving as if that was not a dead body and going on their daily routine , " a police spokesman said . "  Unfortunately , this is not an anomaly in Naples and in that neighborhood . " He said fear led people to behave that way . The spokesman , who asked not to be identified , said anti-mafia prosecutor Sergio Amato released the video to the media in hopes that someone would recognize the killer and his apparent accomplice : a man who had been standing next to the victim and walked off just before the shooting . Police said no motive has been determined for the killing , which took place in the poor neighborhood of Rione Sanita , where Camorra -- the name for organized crime in Naples -- is strong . The victim was a bank robber , the spokesman said . Italian Minister for Equal Opportunities Maria Rosaria Carfagna called the video "  tragic . " "  It shows us , finally , without any censorship , a disgusting side of the Camorra , which along with all the rest of its disgusting faces , has forced a city , a region , a territory , to be ashamed of itself and to hide its real face . "  A street homicide , in broad daylight , in the center of a great European city can not be considered normal and even less be accepted by the conscience of all Italians as if it were a TV show , " she said . "  The police forces are waging a battle against organized crime , as the number of arrests shows us . The state is there and in strong force . But , and I speak here as someone from the Campania region , Naples and all of Campania need not only a strong political force but the courage of all its citizens . " Roberto Saviano , author of the book "  Gomorrah , " which details the Camorra , called the video "  shocking . " "  What is shocking about this video is the absolute serenity of the people around the victim , " he told the daily newspaper La Repubblica . Saviano , who has lived under police protection since shortly after his book was published in 2006 , added , "  Unfortunately , though , when a city is at war , its citizens undergo and live almost with normal indifference . " Italy 's Green Party is offering 2,000 euros  $ 2,963  to whoever helps investigators identify the suspects . "  The Camorra pays them to keep quiet ; we pay them to speak , " said Francesco Emilio Borelli , head of the Green Party in the Campania region . The police spokesman said Camorra has been blamed for about 60 killings this year in Naples and its surrounding county .	Video shows man shoot another man twice outside Naples store during day Passers-by appear unfazed by shooting in neighborhood where organized crime is strong "  Unfortunately , this is not an anomaly in Naples , " police spokesman says Italy 's Green Party offers reward for information on shooter and accomplice
CNN  -- A 50-foot-wide , 15-ton magnet is about to set out on a 3,200-mile barge-and-truck tour down the East Coast of the United States , around Florida and up from the Gulf to Chicago before going to work to measure one of the smallest particles known to science . Currently at the Department of Energy 's Brookhaven National Laboratory in Long Island , New York , the massive particle storage ring is scheduled to travel to another DOE facility at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in the suburbs of Chicago , where scientists hope it will help more accurately measure the properties of subatomic particles called muons . The tiny particles exist for only 2.2 millionths of a second , according to a press release from the Brookhaven lab . The massive magnet creates a magnetic field 30,000 times the Earth 's magnetic field , but is so fragile that the coil it contains ca n't bend more than a tenth of an inch to maintain its current precision . The voyage , scheduled to begin on Saturday and end in July , will send the metal behemoth on a journey on trucks and barges . For safety , when it is on the road it will be traveling about 5 mph , so most of the highway portion will happen at night to limit traffic interference . Once settled in its new home , the magnet will be part of an experiment measuring what is called in physics the g-2  pronounced the gee minus two  of the muon . The existing measurement is already very precise and one of the most well-defined measurements in physics . Nearly every physics theory has required it as a baseline , according to Fermilab . The goal of the new measurement is precision to 140 parts per billion -- the same as measuring the length of a football field to a precision of one-tenth the thickness of a human hair . This experiment aims to find a measurement four times more precise than the currently accepted measurement . Should that value be substantially different from the value current equations predict , it could usher in a new era of particle physics , scientists say . Fermilab has a website tracking the location of the magnet at http://muon-g-2.fnal.gov/bigmove/ .	The 50-foot-wide , 15-ton magnet is now at a lab on Long Island It needs to get to a lab near Chicago , where it will help measure subatomic particles The barge-and-truck trip will go down the East Coast , around Florida and up from the Gulf The trip is scheduled to begin Saturday
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Eleven rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza on Thursday , a day after a fatal terrorist bombing in Jerusalem killed a woman and wounded more than 50 other people , the Israel Defense Forces said . "  The question is why , " Brig. Gen. Yossi Kuperwasser said in a phone call Thursday , speaking about the increase in attacks , which the IDF said caused no injuries . Israel 's ambassador to the United States said Thursday the rocket attacks appear "  unrelated " to Wednesday 's bombing in Jerusalem . Michael Oren said the rocket attacks probably have to do with infighting in the Hamas-controlled territory of Gaza . However , he said , there has also been an escalation in violence against his country . "  Israel has been under attack on several fronts , " Oren said , also citing the recent murder of an Israeli family in the West Bank . One of the rockets fired Thursday hit near the southern Israeli town of Ashdod , and another landed in the southern town of Sderot , causing damage to an industrial area of the town , according to Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . In response to the rocket attacks , the Israeli military launched airstrikes in Gaza on Thursday night . Two were in the Beit Hanoun area of northern Gaza and two were in Gaza City , according to journalist Ibrahim Dahman . A Hamas building and a Hamas training camp were hit , he reported . Kuperwasser said Thursday night 's strikes were aimed at trying to prevent more attacks on Israel . "  Right now there is no one in Gaza to stop this , so it 's up to us to try to stop it , " he said . "  It seems no one speaks for the Palestinians , " he added . "  Hamas is not in charge . " There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the Jerusalem attack , which was caused by a medium-sized device in a bag that had been left near Jerusalem 's central bus station as the evening rush hour began . Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs named the woman who died as Mary Jane Gardner , a 59-year-old British national who was studying at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . Israeli officials were continuing their investigation into Wednesday 's attack , Kuperwasser said , without giving details . U.S. President Barack Obama called Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday to express his condolences over the Jerusalem bombing and his concern about the attacks against Israel from Gaza , the White House said in a statement . Obama "  reaffirmed the United States ' unwavering commitment to Israel 's security , " it said . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates also paid a visit to Israel on Thursday . He met with his Israeli counterpart , Ehud Barak , who said Israel will not "  tolerate " terrorist attacks . British Foreign Secretary William Hague also spoke out against the attack , calling it "  a callous and disgusting act of terrorism directed against innocent civilians which I condemn unreservedly . " The Palestinian Authority also condemned the attack , but Oren , the Israeli ambassador , criticized their comments . They "  say one thing " and "  do another thing , " he said . He said prominent members of the Palestinian government recently attended a ceremony at a central square near Ramallah that was named after a "  Palestinian terrorist who killed dozens of Israelis , including about 13 children . " "  The message gets out that killing Israelis is a good thing , " Oren said . "  We need to see not just words , but deeds . " CNN 's Charley Keyes , Michal Zippori , Paul Colsey , and Melissa Gray contributed to this report	NEW : Eleven rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza on Thursday NEW : Israel launches airstrikes Thursday night in Gaza NEW : Obama expresses his condolences over the bombing Israel 's U.S. ambassador says the bombing and rockets appear unrelated
CNN  -- Tiger Woods battled to three-under-69 on the north course at Torrey Pines as he made a solid start to his 2011 PGA Tour campaign . Woods , who has slipped to number three in the world rankings behind European pair Lee Westwood and Martin Kaymer , carded three birdies without a bogey to leave himself well-placed in the Farmers Insurance Open at tied for 22nd . He was five shots behind leader Sunghoon Kang after the South Korean rookie claimed a one-stroke first-round advantage from Americans Rickie Fowler and Alex Prugh . "  I played alright today , " Woods told the Golf Channel . "  These are some of the narrowest fairways we 've seen on tour , it was tough . " Woods has won seven times at his favorite venue in La Jolla in California , the last victory in 2008 at the U.S. Open . That left him on 14 major wins , the run halted by first injury and then the damaging revelations of marital infidelities which led to a self-imposed exile from tournament golf . Woods was paired with Rocco Mediate , who he beat in the famous playoff to win the 2008 U.S. Open despite being hampered by leg injuries . A third American , Anthony Kim , made up the group and shot 68 . Starting on the 10th in perfect playing conditions , Woods picked up birdies on the 12th , second and sixth . A further birdie chance came at the seventh , but his putt slid by and a rare errant tee shot on the next left him in trouble in a fairway bunker . His second shot failed to find the green , Woods hammering his club to the ground in frustration , but he showed his old powers of recovery with a pitch and single putt to save par . He was also left frustrated after failing to gain his birdie on the par-five ninth after another indifferent drive , but has happy with his overall display . Crowd favorite John Daly , who played the south course , was among the early clubhouse pacesetters with a superb five-under 67 and ended the day tied for fifth along with Woods ' great rival Phil Mickelson and 2009 U.S. PGA champion Y.E. Yang of South Korea . But it was Yang 's 24-year-old compatriot Kang who took the first-day plaudits after a fine 64 . Also playing the north course and starting on the 10th , he carded three birdies and an eagle on his front nine and closed with three birdies in his last four holes for a flawless round . On the same course , Prugh closed with four successive birdies after starting on the front nine , while last season 's rookie of the year Fowler picked up a shot at the last playing from 10 . The 22-year-old 's 65 featured one dropped shot but he still finished one ahead of 25-year-old American rookie Chris Kirk . Last weekend 's Bob Hope Classic winner , Venezuelan rookie Jhonattan Vegas , was one of 13 players on 69 along with Woods , U.S. Ryder Cup player Hunter Mahan and Colombian Camilo Villegas . Mediate was tied for 54th in an even bigger group on 71 along with rookie Joseph Bramlett , the first African American golfer to earn a tour card through qualifying school in 25 years .	Tiger Woods shoots a solid 69 in his first round at the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines The former world No. 1 is playing his first event of this year after winless 2010 He is five shots off the leading pace set by Korean rookie Sunghoon Kang John Daly in contention after a five-under 67 on south course
CNN  -- Three-time FIFA world player of the year Ronaldo announced his retirement from football on Monday in an emotional press conference which brought an end to his 18-year career . The 34-year-old former Brazil striker , who in 2006 became the all-time leading scorer at the World Cup , cited injury and a lack of fitness as the reasons behind his decision to end his contract with Sao Paulo-based club Corinthians . "  As you can imagine and you heard during the whole weekend , I 'm here to  confirm that  I 'm closing my career as a professional player , " the former Barcelona , Inter Milan and Real Madrid star told reporters at a press conference . Ronaldo , who has struggled with his weight in recent years , also revealed that he has hypothyroidism -- an illness which affects the body 's metabolism . "  Four years ago at Milan I discovered I was suffering from a complaint called hypothyroidism , which slows down your metabolism , and to control it I would have to take some hormones that are not permitted in football because of anti-doping  rules  , " he said . "  The pain made me anticipate the end of my career . My career was beautiful , was wonderful . I 've had many defeats but infinite victories . " Has Rooney joined the ranks of football 's immortals ? Ronaldo has won the World Cup twice , in 1994 and 2002 , and his 15 goals in football 's premier tournament is a record . The two-time Copa America winner played for some of football 's most-famous clubs , and also had spells at PSV Eindhoven and AC Milan during his 13 years in Europe . "  It 's very hard to leave something that made me so happy . Mentally , I wanted to continue , but I have to acknowledge that I lost  the fight  to my body , " a visibly upset Ronaldo said . Ronaldo won the now-defunct European Cup Winners ' Cup with Barca in 1997 and the 1998 UEFA Cup with Inter , scoring in the final of both competitions . "  Il Fenomeno " -- as he was dubbed after his time with Inter -- went on to win two Spanish first division titles with Real in 2003 and 2007 . But Ronaldo has suffered criticism from Corinthians fans following the club 's recent elimination from the Copa Libertadores by Colombia 's Deportes Tolima . The supporters ' anger led to the players ' cars being vandalized and "  Ronaldo is a shameless fatty " being painted on a wall at the club 's training ground . But the veteran forward showed no ill-feeling towards the fans , and instead praised their enthusiasm . "  I 've never seen fans with so much passion , " said Ronaldo , who was a boyhood supporter of Rio de Janeiro club Fluminense . Ronaldo 's footballing achievements have at times been overshadowed by controversy , starting with his late withdrawal and then reinstatement before the 1998 World Cup final against France -- which Brazil lost 3-0 . He has had several high-profile relationships , and after a parental test last year showed he had fathered his fourth child to a waitress he met in 2002 , Ronaldo announced he 'd had a vasectomy . He hit the headlines for the wrong reasons in 2008 when he admitted picking up three prostitutes who turned out to be transvestites . Ronaldo accused one of them of trying to extort money from him . But despite his recent problems , he will be remembered as one of the greats of the game . Meanwhile , Roberto Carlos -- who played alongside Ronaldo for Real , Brazil and most recently Corinthians -- has also ended his stay in Sao Paulo and joined Russian team Anzhi Makhachkala . The 37-year-old , who was also a World Cup winner in 2002 , had been with Corinthians since he left Turkish side Fenerbahce in 2010 . The full-back is most famous for his 11-season stay in Madrid , where he won the European Champions League three times between 1998 and 2002 .	Ronaldo has announced his retirement from football after an 18-year career The two-time World Cup winner said the decision was down to injury and a lack of fitness The three-time World Player of the Year also revealed he suffers from hypothyroidism The medication required to treat the illness is banned under football 's anti-doping rules
CNN  -- He is the Philippines ' most famous sportsman who was moved to tears by the devastation wreaked on his homeland by Super Typhoon Haiyan . The typhoon hit the country earlier this month and has so far claimed over 5,000 lives , with boxing star Manny Pacquiao ensconced in his Philippines training camp for this weekend 's fight with Brandon Rios . "  I was crying , " the 35-year-old told CNN when asked about his first reaction to the typhoon . "  I feel so bad ... what happened . I want to visit them personally but I ca n't because I 'm in training . I sent my people there to help them , what I did is focus on my training and pray to God . " Boxing 's first and only eight division world champion left his training camp in Genereal Santos City earlier this week to head to Macau , China , where his WBO International Welterweight title bout with Rios will take place . Pacquiao is attempting to help his compatriots by sending aid to those affected by the typhoon . "  Right now we 've sent them food , food is the most important thing , " said Pacquiao , who is an elected official in the Philippine House of Representatives , serving Sarangani 's Lone District . "  After that I have to help give them a fresh start in their lives . " Saturday 's fight with Rios is Pacquiao 's first since he was knocked out for just the third time in his career by Juan Manuel Marquez in December 2012 , only his fifth loss in 61 professional fights . Pacquiao dismissed suggestions that defeat to Rios , the American who has lost just one of his 33 professional bouts , could see him call time on his 18-year career . "  I learned a lot , " Pacquiao said of his loss to Marquez . "  It 's part of boxing , sometimes you lose sometimes you win . Sometimes you lose and you have to accept it . "  I decided to continue my boxing career because I think I can still fight ... I 'm not thinking negative , I 'm always thinking positive . "	Manny Pacquiao says he was moved to tears by footage of Typhoon Haiyan The Filipino boxer remained in his Philippines training camp during the typhoon Pacquiao to face American Brandon Rios in Macau , China on Saturday Pacquiao has lost just five of his 61 professional fights
CNN  -- His first act as a teenage professional goalkeeper was to pick the ball out of the back of the net . But it would not take long before the football world was in the palm of Bodo Illgner 's hands . "  I was a baby in the goal , " Illgner tells CNN 's Human to Hero series of his heroics for West Germany at the 1990 World Cup in Italy . "  The goalkeeper usually joins the national team at the mid-twenties , the late twenties , even over the 30s maybe . "  I was very , very lucky to have the confidence of Franz Beckenbauer our coach in 1990 . " Illgner , aged just 23 , became the youngest goalkeeper to win the World Cup . He more than justified Beckenbauer 's belief in him as he famously denied England in a semifinal penalty shootout and then became the first goalie to keep a clean sheet in a World Cup final as the Germans beat defending champion Argentina 1-0 . Captain of that victorious team was Lothar Matthaus -- the player who had fired a penalty past Illgner earlier when the 18-year-old came on as a substitute for Cologne in a Bundesliga clash with titleholder Bayern Munich . The man he replaced that day in February 1986 , Toni Schumacher , was twice a losing World Cup finalist for West Germany -- but Illgner would not suffer such a fate . A Roman triumph After waltzing through the group stages of Italia ' 90 , West Germany would see off the Netherlands , Czechoslovakia and England before marching on to the final at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome for a rematch of the 1986 final . "  It was tremendous , a tremendous World Cup , " Illgner recalls . "  Italy is close to Germany , so you can imagine that thousands of German fans were . all along the streets when we were going to the games . "  Everything worked out perfectly , the atmosphere in the team was great , motivation was great , the coach did well . We had our freedom and we played very well and won it . " Legends were made that famous night in the Italian capital , but IIlgner had already etched his name into national folklore . A crucial penalty save from England 's Stuart Pearce in the semis helped the Germans to advance to a third successive final in the most tense circumstances . He then recorded the first final shutout since the tournament began in 1930 as a late Andreas Brehme penalty gave West Germany a third title overall . "  I was just happy that we won this game , " IIlgner says modestly when reminded of his exploits . "  I could n't care less if it was 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , nothing . I was just happy to hold this big and heavy trophy in my hand in the match against Argentina . " In fact , IIlgner recalls the final as one of his easiest games in the tournament . That 's despite Argentina 's side containing Diego Maradona , arguably one of the finest players to ever play the game and a key figure in the 1986 tournament . "  I could n't see Maradona in that game , he did not even try a shot on my goal so I had a pretty easy job in that final , " IIlgner says . "  I think I only touched it once or twice . We did a great defensive job of course but Diego Maradona was the danger for us . "  Lucky for us we had Guido Buchwald , who played one to one against him . " Germany had witnessed the fall of the Berlin Wall less than a year before the 1990 final and the reunited country still had a feelgood factor from those momentous events . When the players returned they were swamped by well-wishers as they paraded through the streets of Frankfurt . "  The homecoming after the World Cup was almost as mad as going to each of the games , " IIlgner recalls . "  I do n't know how many million people were around the streets but it was exceptional . " IIlgner had watched on television the last time West Germany won the World Cup back in 1974 but he never thought he would be able to replicate the feats of legends like Beckenbauer , Gerd Muller and Bertie Vogts . Four years later , however , the World Cup of USA '94 would bring IIlgner and his countrymen back down to earth . A unified Germany team , featuring many of the 1990 side as well as those who would have previously qualified for East Germany , suffered a surprise 2-1 quarterfinal defeat at the hands of Bulgaria . "  The 1990 World Cup was a tremendous success and it was a very nice experience  but  '94 was not nice , not the same good experience within the team , with the coach , " Illgner says . "  So I was very frustrated about how things were going during this World Cup . "  Everybody was more motivated to play against us . Our team spirit was not the same as four years previous and we had a different coach by then . Players got older , they were at the end of their career . " The defeat marked IIlgner 's 54th and last appearance for Germany as he retired from international football after the tournament aged just 27 . "  I planned it to step down at the World Cup  as a  winner again but it did not work out like that , " he says . "  Maybe the biggest regret I have was to resign right after we lost in '94 against Bulgaria . Now I think I should have waited a little bit longer and think it over . I could have played another World Cup or even more international games . " Germany would bounce back to win the European Championships in England two years later but IIlgner 's focus was elsewhere by then . Named European goalkeeper of the year in 1991 and Germany 's top stopper from 1989-93 , he had become hot property . As his compatriots walked the famous Wembley steps to lift the Henri Delaunay trophy , IIlgner was in Spain finalizing a move from Cologne to Real Madrid -- a club more known for spending big on the world 's best attacking players . "  It was a tremendous success for me that one of the biggest clubs , Real Madrid , asked for my services -- and I was more than happy to sign for them , " he says . "  They came out of a very poor season , signed a lot of new players , brought in a new coach Fabio Capello , who wanted me as his goalkeeper and we had a fantastic season . "  I had to fight hard with two Spanish goalkeepers to get in there , but in the end it was worth it . " At Cologne , IIlgner had come close to winning titles but his side never finished higher than second in the league . His debut season ended with Cologne just avoiding relegation . In Madrid , winning was the only option . Second was equivalent to being the first loser . With IIlgner in their ranks , Los Blancos would win La Liga twice , as well as two European Champions League crowns  although the keeper was an unused substitute for the second of these wins in 2001  . "  I enjoyed my time at Real Madrid with Fernando Hierro , Roberto Carlos , Clarence Seedorf , Davo Suker , Mijatovic , Raul . It was fantastic , " he says . "  I enjoyed to be with these players with this quality and nice , nice lads ... I enjoyed it very much . " Behind the mike Today , IIlgner is still involved in football although he has turned his hand to commentary at North American broadcaster beIN Sports . Forthright in his opinions and insightful with his analysis , the transition from the pitch to the television screen has been a seamless one . IIlgner regularly covers the Spanish , Italian and German leagues for his employer and he feels more qualified than most to offer predictions on who to watch out for in the 2014 World Cup in Brazil starting next month . "  In Brazil , they expect to win this World Cup and that can weigh on your shoulders of course . We have to see how they deal with it , but i think they are the big favorites , " he says . "  There 's another three or four favorites . Germany of course , Spain of course as a World Cup winner  in 2010  and the dark horse might be Belgium or Chile . "  Argentina , not to forget with Messi , they have a very good strikers upfront and are very dangerous as well . " Unsurprisingly , Illgner will be rooting for his compatriots . "  We 've seen a very solid and very good German team since Germany played at home at the World Cup in the 2006 , " he says . "  Fantastic football , different to the football that we are used to in Germany . "  We played with a lot of heart , there was a lot of power , but from 2006 on we played with a lot of technique , with a lot of spirit as well . "  This generation needs a title and I think it 's the last chance . Some players are getting old now . Philipp Lahm is one of the best players on the right-back side , he 's 30 . "  Thomas Muller is one of the most talented players and he 's still young , he can do more World Cups , but Bastian Schweinsteiger for example , in midfield , 30 almost as well . "  This team is getting old -- if they want to get a title it needs to be this season . " If Joachim Low 's German team of 2014 are looking for advice , they could do worse than taking a tip or two from this World Cup winner behind the mike .	Bodo Illgner is a German World Cup winner and former Real Madrid star Illgner was the first goalkeeper to keep a clean sheet in a World Cup final At 23-years-old , he was also the youngest keeper to win a World Cup
CNN  -- Americans appear to actually thrive on adversity , according to a study published this week that reached the conclusion after researching the nation 's biggest economic downturn . This sculpture at the FDR Memorial in Washington depicts men waiting in a Great Depression bread line . Life expectancy during the peak years of the Great Depression increased 6.2 years -- from 57.1 years in 1929 to 63.3 years in 1933 -- according to University of Michigan researchers Jose A. Tapia Granados and Ana Diez Roux . The increase applied to men and women , whites and non-whites . The team crunched data from the federal government and concluded that "  population health did not decline and indeed generally improved during the four years of the Great Depression , 1930-1933 , with mortality decreasing for almost all ages , and life expectancy increasing by several years in males , females , whites , and non-whites . " For most age groups , "  mortality tended to peak during years of strong economic expansion  such as 1923 , 1926 , 1929 and 1936-1937  , " they wrote in the "  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . " "  The finding is strong and counterintuitive , " said Tapia Granados , the lead author of the study . "  Most people assume that periods of high unemployment are harmful to health . " The researchers used historical life expectancy and mortality data to examine the association between economic growth and population health from 1920 to 1940 . Though population health improved during 1930-1933 and during the recessions of 1921 and 1938 , mortality -- the death rate -- increased and life expectancy fell during times of economic expansion , such as 1923 , 1926 , 1929 and 1936-1937 , they wrote . The researchers looked at mortality rates due to six causes of death that made up two-thirds of total mortality in the 1930s : cardiovascular and kidney diseases , cancer , influenza and pneumonia , tuberculosis , motor vehicle injuries and suicide . Only suicide went up during economic downturns , they said , citing the recession years 1921 , 1932 and 1938 , but suicides accounted for less than 2 percent of total deaths . Those years were marked by high unemployment ; the nation experienced its highest unemployment rate of 22.9 percent in 1932 , they wrote . Yet from 1920 to 1940 , life expectancy increased 8.8 years . The authors speculated about possible explanations for why population health tends to improve during recessions but not expansions . "  During expansions , firms are very busy , and they typically demand a lot of effort from employees , who are required to work a lot of overtime , and to work at a fast pace , " Tapia Granados said . "  This can create stress , which is associated with more drinking and smoking . " In addition , new , inexperienced workers may be more likely to become injured ; workers may sleep less and adopt less healthy eating habits , he said . Further , boom times may translate into more industrial pollution , which can take a toll on populations ' health , he said . During recessions , with less work to do , employees may work slower , sleep longer and spend more time with family and friends , he said . With less money , they may spend less on alcohol and tobacco . The researchers pointed out that their work looked at the relationship between recessions and mortality on a macro level and was not predictive for any one person . The findings may apply to others , too . Tapia Granados , 53 , whose work was self-funded , said he has carried out similar studies that looked at Japan , Spain and Sweden . "  In the three of them , it was the same , " he said .	Study : Life expectancy rose , mortality dropped during Great Depression Opposite happened during surrounding times of economic expansion , study shows Study examined population health from 1920 to 1940 Speculation : In hard times , more sleep , less money for drinking and smoking
Meissen , Germany  CNN  -- Rising rivers menaced swaths of Germany , the Czech Republic and Austria Tuesday , as floodwaters inundated historic cities and forced mass evacuations of low-lying areas . The floods are feared to be the worst since 2002 , when parts of Germany and the Czech Republic were devastated and communities in Austria , Slovakia , Russia and Romania were affected . Seven deaths have been reported in the Czech Republic , while southern and eastern areas of Germany , including Bavaria and Saxony , are also badly impacted by recent heavy rains . Images from Passau , a city in southern Bavaria where the Danube River is joined by two other rivers , show dirty brown water running through the streets of the historic old town after water levels passed a 500-year-old record . Floodwaters in Bavaria are now receding but the crest on the Danube continues east into Austria and could threaten cities such as Vienna , in Austria , and Bratislava , in Slovakia , said CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . Large parts of Meissen , a town built on the banks of the Elbe River in Saxony , were also inundated after flood defenses were breached overnight Monday to Tuesday . Those with homes and businesses were moving valuables and trying to sandbag their properties to protect them from the rising waters as the town 's evacuation was ordered . German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited towns in the region Tuesday and promised 100 million euros  $ 130 million  in emergency aid for affected areas . The German military , government agencies and local authorities are helping with efforts to evacuate residents and protect properties . The heaviest rain fell over Bavaria , Austria , Switzerland and the western Czech Republic from Saturday through Monday , with total rainfall over those days well over 3 inches for many locations , said Miller . Salzburg in Austria recorded its entire monthly average of rainfall  155 millimeters , or 6.1 inches  in only the first two days of the month , he said . The high waters also will have an impact on businesses beyond the communities directly affected by flooding . The region 's rivers are important in the transportation of freight and people , providing thousands of kilometers of navigable channels , as well as supporting agriculture , power generation and tourism . Emily Russ , an American living in Vienna , told CNN iReport that a number of Danube cruise ships appeared to be being held in the city until water levels subside . She saw 15 on Tuesday where normally there would be one or two , she said . Deaths reported in Czech Republic Water levels have peaked in the Czech capital , Prague , but places downstream in the Czech Republic and along the Elbe River in Germany are still at risk . A state of emergency is in place in most of Bohemia , the western part of the country , said Nicole Zaoralova , a spokeswoman for the Czech Fire Department . Seven people have died as a result of the latest flooding , she said . Among the victims , two people died in a house collapse , one woman died when she was hit by a falling tree and another person was electrocuted . Most of northern Bohemia , around the Vltava and Labe rivers , remains at risk of flooding , she said . "  We have evacuated 10,000 people so far , " said Zaoralova . In Usti nad Labem , in northern Bohemia , many households are without electricity . Melnik , 40 kilometers  25 miles  north of Prague , was being evacuated Tuesday morning . The Berounka River , which flows into the Vltava , peaked overnight , prompting officials to raise anti-flood barriers in Prague to a level intended to cope with "  100-year " floods . So far , however , the Vltava River has not reached the level of the devastating floods of 11 years ago , Zaoralova said . Transportation is severely disrupted in the capital , Prague , as well as other parts of Bohemia , she said . But while several metro stations in Prague have been closed , the subway system has not been flooded as it was in 2002 , she said , thanks to a flood barrier system put in place since then . "  We do not expect the situation in Prague to become worse , " she said . Rainfall in Prague has already totaled more than 102 millimeters in June , more than the city 's monthly average of 73 millimeters , Miller said . Zoo animals moved to safety Staff at the Prague Zoo also swung into action as the risk of flooding became apparent . Zoo director Miroslav Bobek said the animals had been moved from the entire lower part of the zoo , which lies by the Vltava River , to other enclosures on higher ground . "  Hundreds of animals were evacuated , including large cats , tapirs , the whole monkey pavilion and the gorillas , " he said in a statement . "  The gorillas ' pavilion includes a special ` flood tower ' that has been built specifically for moments like this , because the pavilion is situated directly by the River Vltava . " Most of the gorillas were lured to the safety of the tower using food , but the oldest male had to be tranquilized and carried up there after he refused to move , he said . Two small birds drowned in one exhibit but the other animals were saved , he said . "  We are now working with other zoos in the Czech Republic to see where we can place animals that wo n't be able to return to their pavilions soon , " Bobek added . The zoo is expected to reopen Wednesday . The flood damage is currently estimated to cost 160 million Czech Koruna  $ 8.1 million . The zoo was hit badly during the 2002 floods , when several animals , including an elephant , died . Since then , anti-flood barriers have been built . Volunteers fill sand bags Prague resident Katerina Netikova has spent the past two days helping volunteer efforts to stave off the worst of the flooding , coordinated by authorities and local people using social media . On Sunday , she headed to the suburban town of Radotin , on the Berounka River , where residents directed the efforts . "  They knew exactly what is needed , where people should go and what should they do . They had the experience from previous flooding  in 2002  . They were securing the town , putting barriers where needed , " Netikova told CNN . On Monday , she spent the night working at a fire station in central Prague , near the worst affected areas of the Holesovice neighborhood , helping to make flood barriers -- heavy-duty tube-shaped sacks filled with sand . "  It 's hard work , because the sand is wet and gets really heavy , " Netikova said . "  People were rotating the whole night -- students from nearby university halls , Scouts , local people and more volunteers sent in by the town . "  The firefighters just told them what to do , and then the volunteers organized everything among themselves . " CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Meissen and Ivana Kottasova reported from London , where Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz and Sarah Brown also contributed to this report .	NEW : German Chancellor Angela Merkel promises $ 130 million in emergency aid The crest on the Danube River is moving east from Germany toward Austria and Slovakia Hundreds of animals have been evacuated from low-lying areas of Prague Zoo Seven people have died in the Czech Republic , a fire service spokeswoman says
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- Scores of residents in four villages in the northeastern Borno state of Nigeria , near the border with Cameroon , were killed Tuesday in Boko Haram raids , a lawmaker and residents said . They said hundreds of homes were destroyed . Heavily armed gunmen dressed as soldiers in all-terrain vehicles and on motorcycles attacked Goshe , Attagara , Agapalwa and Aganjara villages in Gwoza district , shooting residents and burning homes . Villagers fled into neighboring Cameroon to escape the onslaughts , said Peter Biye , a lawmaker from the area who serves in the Nigerian lower parliament .	Lawmaker and residents say scores are dead , hundreds of homes destroyed They say Boko Haram conducted the raids in northeastern state of Borno One villager believes the attacks were reprisals for losses in previous raids
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton on Thursday sharpened her attacks on Democratic rival Sen. Barack Obama as she faces what even her supporters admit are must-win situations in Texas and Ohio in the weeks ahead . At a campaign stop at a General Motors Corp. plant in Youngstown , Ohio , the senator from New York accused Obama of caving in to special interests . "  My opponent says that he 'll take on the special interests , " she said . "  Well , he told people he stood up to the nuclear industry and passed a bill against them . But he actually let the nuclear industry water down his bill -- the bill never actually passed . " Clinton was referring to a 2006 bill that Obama drafted after an Illinois nuclear power plant was found to have released radiation into surrounding groundwater . Obama 's original bill would have required power plants to notify the public and government officials when any radiation was released , but subsequent versions had less stringent reporting requirements , The New York Times reported . The bill was never voted on by the full Senate . Clinton also accused Obama of supporting "  billions of dollars of breaks for the oil industry " by voting for an energy bill she opposed and said he did not support the workers of a Maytag Corp. plant that closed in his home state of Illinois . Watch Clinton attack Obama " Reacting to Clinton 's charges , Obama spokesman Bill Burton said his candidate "  does n't need any lectures on special interests from the candidate who 's taken more money from Washington lobbyists than any Republican running for president . " "  Sen. Clinton may have said that attacks and distortions are the ` fun ' and ` exciting ' part of the campaign , but they 're exactly what everyone else in America is tired of , " Burton said . In recent days , Clinton has challenged Obama 's ability to deliver on his rhetoric . "  There 's a big difference between us -- speeches versus solutions , talk versus action , " she said . "  Speeches do n't put food on the table . Speeches do n't fill up your tank or fill your prescription or do anything about that stack of bills that keeps you up at night . " Her remarks in Ohio echo statements she made a day earlier in McAllen , Texas , when she said , "  I am in the solutions business . My opponent is in the promises business . " Clinton was set later Thursday to hold events in Dayton and Columbus , Ohio . Obama was to be in his hometown of Chicago , Illinois , and had no public events scheduled . CNN contributor and Clinton supporter James Carville said the senator must do well in the March 4 Ohio and Texas primaries if she is to stop Obama 's momentum . Carville said he thought Clinton could still win the nomination . "  You know , this thing is close . Not all the Democrats have been heard from . ... If anybody can do this , I think she can , " said Carville , a major force behind President Clinton 's successful 1992 campaign . Clinton 's aggressive stance may be in reaction to Obama 's momentum after he won eight contests in a row -- including victories by wide margins in Tuesday 's primaries in Maryland , Virginia and the District of Columbia . Watch how the so-called Potomac primaries put Obama on a roll " In those contests , Obama also outpolled Clinton among demographic groups she had carried earlier -- women , lower-income voters and Latinos . Clinton is banking on those groups to carry her to victory in Texas and Ohio . The wins in the Potomac primaries gave Obama a lead over Clinton in the delegate count for the first time -- 1,253 to 1,211 , according to CNN calculations . "  In my neighborhood , you know , you had to win games if you wanted to brag , " said Jamal Simmons , a Democratic strategist and Obama supporter . "  And I think right now , Barack Obama is ahead in delegates . He 's ahead in states . He 's ahead in the popular vote . He 's winning . "  Sen. Clinton has got to win some of these contests , you know , to get to the finals . " Neither Clinton nor Obama is likely to pick up the 2,025 delegates needed to win the nomination outright before the primary season ends in June , mainly because Democrats divvy up each state 's delegates in proportion to the candidates ' share of the popular vote . Watch an outlook of the Democratic race " The Democratic nomination likely will be decided by the roughly 800 superdelegates , which include party officers , elected officials and activists . Obama 's camp argues the superdelegates should support the candidate with the most popular support , as indicated by a majority of pledged delegates going into the convention . Clinton 's campaign , on the other hand , says the superdelegates should support the candidate they think will be the best nominee in the general election as well as the best president . Watch how the campaigns are fighting for superdelegates " MoveOn.org , an influential liberal activist group , on Thursday said it would launch a petition drive calling on the superdelegates not to go against the popular vote . "  The worst thing for the party and democracy is if all these new voters feel like the nomination was brokered in a backroom somewhere . The superdelegates have got to let the voters decide , " MoveOn.org Executive Director Eli Pariser said in a statement . MoveOn.org has endorsed Obama . In a possible indication that Clinton is going to fight for every delegate , her camp on Thursday announced that daughter Chelsea Clinton would be dispatched to Hawaii to campaign before the state 's primary Tuesday . Watch how each campaign is fighting for delegates " However , Chelsea Clinton may face an uphill battle there since Hawaii is Obama 's native state . Bill Clinton on Thursday was scheduled to campaign in Wisconsin , which also holds its primary Tuesday . Recent polls in that state have shown a tight race between the two Democrats . A Strategic Vision survey conducted February 8 through Sunday finds Obama ahead of Clinton 45 percent to 41 percent , a lead outside the poll 's margin of error of 3 percentage points . Carville said Clinton could recover from a loss in Wisconsin . "  It certainly would be preferable for her to win Wisconsin , but I do n't put it in the same category as I would put Texas and Ohio on March 4 , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Peter Hamby and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesman says Obama "  does n't need lectures on special interests " Sen. Hillary Clinton accuses Sen. Barack Obama of caving to special interests Clinton has challenged Obama 's ability to deliver on his rhetoric Clinton supporter James Carville says she must win in Texas , Ohio on March 4
CNN  -- No one ever expected the humble pencil to kickstart a revolution . But , by peeling apart pencil graphite into atom-thick layers using regular adhesive tape , two Russian-born scientists , Andre Geim and Konstantin Novoselov , earned a Nobel Prize in 2010 . With it , they sparked the beginnings of a material that could change the world . It is no exaggeration to say that graphene , the substance that the two scientists -- along with others -- discovered in 2004 , is a miracle material . Now a Korean research lab may have made the leap from theoretical to practical with the development of a new way to synthesize it , potentially on a commercial scale . The substance , "  the perfect atomic lattice , " boasts a number of hugely attractive properties , meaning it has the potential to be used in myriad industries , and for a huge range of purposes . Attractive properties As well as being super-strong -- 20 times stronger than diamond , 200 stronger than steel and six times lighter -- it is also remarkably conductive , both electrically and thermally . If that was n't enough , it is also almost perfectly transparent , impermeable to gas , and its properties are , scientists say , easily alterable . Graphene is one form -- an allotrope -- of carbon , the basis of all life on earth . More familiar carbon allotropes include diamonds and graphite . What makes it unique is its thinness -- at one atom thick it is as good as two-dimensional . Its flexibility means that it could potentially be used for flexible or wearable devices . "  Graphene has a lot of potential , especially in terms of industrial applications for optical and electronic devices , " says Ping Sheng , a Professor of Nanoscience at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  The caveat is really in the quality of the graphene that can be produced on a large scale ... If they can overcome that then it will be a big breakthrough . " Another byproduct of its remarkable thinness is its low weight . It could be used to create ultra-light components for , say , the aviation industry , dramatically reducing the weight of aircraft -- and thus significantly improving fuel efficiency -- without compromising strength or integrity . The substance is so versatile that it has even been touted as the future of condoms . The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation last year awarded a $ 100,000 grant to fund the development of graphene prophylactics . Drawbacks Currently , its limitations include the fact that its conductivity ca n't be turned "  off , " meaning that as a semiconductor it is useless , although researchers are experimenting with the substance to figure out a way around this problem . One possible fix could be to build artificial breaks in the substance , allowing for circuits to be opened and closed , or to alter its properties with the use of chemicals . If this deficiency can be overcome , however , graphene could be used in a huge range of devices as a super-fast replacement for silicon transistors , which are already reaching their capacity . Graphene has one hundred times the electron mobility of silicon . Another limitation comes in the form of its production -- currently it can only be synthesized in small crystals . While this is enough for researchers to test its properties and understand the tantalizing benefits of the material , it is not sufficient to produce it for mass commercial use . But with an announcement made last week , all this could change . Public - and private-sector funding Governments and the private sector are actively exploring the potential of the substance , with the EU devoting    1 billion  $ 1.3 billion  to it between 2013 and 2023 , funding research which could potentially transform a range of sectors , including electronics , energy , health and construction . The Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology last week announced it had developed "  a breakthrough synthesis method " of producing graphene , and the hopes are that this will pave the way for the commercialization of the material . The results were published in the journal Science . Samsung sees graphene as the "  perfect material " for next generation device , and the breakthrough could have huge implications for its commercial production . "  This is one of the most significant breakthroughs in graphene research in history , " researchers said in a statement released by the company . "  We expect this discovery to accelerate the commercialization of graphene , which could unlock the next era of consumer electronic technology . " In partnership with with Sungkyunkwan University , the Institute has pioneered the growing of large-area , single crystal wafer scale graphene . Previously , small graphene particles had been combined to form large-area graphene , but the process diminished both the mechanic and electric effectiveness of the substance . The material 's conductivity would make charging a device take a matter of seconds , and its strength , durability and flexibility would allow Samsung to truly innovate with a whole range of new devices and ways to interact with technology . It has not been revealed if Samsung plans to make the groundbreaking synthesis process public , a move that would rapidly accelerate the adoption of graphene into daily use . However , Sheng thinks that it wo n't be long before the process is widely available . "  I do n't think they can keep it proprietary very long , even if they want to ... This will start many factories around the world doing the same thing . " READ MORE : Graphene : The nano-sized material with a massive future READ MORE : Graphene : ` Miracle material ' will be in your home sooner than you think Correction : We erroneously stated that carbon was the most abundant element in the universe . This has since been removed .	The "  miracle material " graphene is super-light , super-conductive , and super-strong Samsung 's research unit announces new way to synthesize material , potentially opening the door to commercial production Graphene has the potential to transform a huge range of industries
A lesser known cell-phone video of the aftermath of the arrest of Eric Garner gives new insight into events leading up to his death . The video shows a dying man lying on the street for more than 6 minutes as officers calmly wait for an ambulance , showing no sign of urgency . When a witness asks why they 're not performing CPR , an officer says "  he 's still breathing . " A separate more-circulated cell-phone video shows Garner upset and frustrated with perceived harassment by police officers who then react to his lack of cooperation with force . After Garner : What 's the point of police body cameras ? The fatal encounter July 17 on Staten Island started when officers confronted Garner , because they suspected him of selling cigarettes illegally . "  I did n't do s *** t , I 'm minding my own business , " Garner is heard telling a police officer in one video . "  What did I do ? Who did I sell cigarettes to ? " he asks the officer . The officer points up the street and Garner gets more frustrated . "  Every time you see me , you want to arrest me . I 'm tired of it . This stops today , " Garner says . Rand Paul blames Eric Garner 's death on high NYC cigarette tax Garner , 43 , was pronounced dead that day . As four police officers held him down , he 's heard saying "  I ca n't breathe , " eight times . His death was later ruled a homicide , but a grand jury decided not to indict police officer Daniel Pantaleo who had performed a chokehold on Garner . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced that federal officials were moving ahead with a civil rights investigation into Garner 's death . Eric Garner : The haunting last words of a dying man	Cell phone videos chronicle the events leading up to Eric Garner 's death They show no CPR being performed and a calm scene around an unresponsive Garner Garner accuses officers of harassing him and says : "  This stops today " Garner was pronounced dead that day after being restrained by police
CNN  -- The West Virginia coal mine where 29 miners died in an explosion in April had a sudden and large inundation of methane gas the day of the accident , the mine owner said Thursday . The level of methane -- an explosive gas -- was almost three times greater than normal , Massey Energy Company said . It is still too early to determine what caused the April 5 explosion , but the methane gas data is a "  very important piece of evidence " in the ongoing investigation , said Christopher Schemel , a leading explosions expert and a member of the investigation team . Investigators tested data from the mine 's primary ventilation exhaust fan and found the unexpected release of gas was intense and overwhelmed the normal safety systems , the company said . "  To put it in perspective , a methane release of this size would completely fill a 2,000 square-foot house with an explosive atmosphere in under 40 seconds , and could fill the volume of a typical mine entry to explosive levels in under 25 seconds , " Schemel said . The explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine in Naoma , about 30 miles south of Charleston , was the industry 's worst disaster in 40 years . The investigation since then has focused on the mine 's poor safety record and Massey 's response to problems in the past . A preliminary report on the disaster by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration found that the Upper Big Branch mine had "  a significant history of safety issues " and that the agency was closely monitoring Massey Energy . In 2009 , federal inspectors issued 515 citations and orders at the Upper Big Branch mine , with 39 percent of them for "  significant and substantial " violations . More than 50 of the citations were for problems that the operators knew about but had not corrected , according to federal mine safety records . Thirty-one men were working in the mine when the explosion happened on a Monday afternoon . Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place . The technique uses a large grinder to extract the coal and creates large amounts of coal dust and methane gas , both of which are explosive . Recovery crews found some of the bodies in a section of the mine where readings showed high levels of gases , and the crews needed breathing gear to enter , said Jama Jarrett , spokeswoman for the West Virginia Office of Miners ' Health , Safety and Training . Rescuers had to use high-pressure fans to pull the toxic air through holes to the surface . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : The explosion was the mining industry 's worst disaster in 40 years The West Virginia mine that exploded in April had a sudden influx of methane It 's too soon to say whether the gas caused the explosion , investigators say The release of methane was almost three times greater than normal
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate unanimously voted to tighten sanctions on Iran on Monday , three days after a dispute over whether to include the threat of American force stalled the legislation . The new sanctions would target Iran 's oil and banking industries , as well as other sectors . The measure passed the Senate on a voice vote Monday evening , two days before a new round of talks between Iran and leading U.N. members in Baghdad . "  Today the Senate has showed we can still act in a bipartisan way on important priorities , " said Sen. Tim Johnson , D-South Dakota , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee . Passage came after senators agreed to add language warning that military force would be an option available to the United States if Iran seeks to build a nuclear weapon . But the measure also states that nothing in the legislation authorizes military action . Missile shield in place , NATO chief says The House of Representatives passed a similar bill in December , but demands for those competing messages stalled the bill in the Senate last week . Republicans blocked passage after complaints that the language was n't tough enough , leading Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , to complain that he was being "  jerked around . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said the legislation now makes clear that "  all options " could be considered , echoing previous statements by President Barack Obama . "  I hope sanctions will work , " Graham said . "  But this is a clear statement by the United States Senate , backing up our president , that when it comes to Iran having a nuclear capability , there will be more than sanctions on the table -- and the Iranians need to know that . " Meanwhile , Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul insisted on language that explicitly noted that nothing in the bill "  shall be construed as a declaration of war or an authorization of the use of force " against either Iran or Syria , an Iranian ally now fighting a popular uprising against its government . Paul , the son of two-time GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul , was pleased by the bill 's passage , spokeswoman Moira Bagley told CNN . Security Clearance : Iran propping up Syria 's cash reserves And Reid said after the vote , "  Iranians need to know we mean business . " Aides from both parties said the House and Senate bills will need to be reconciled after the Senate amendments . Iran has insisted that its production of enriched uranium is meant to fuel civilian nuclear power plants , and U.S. intelligence believes any previous weapons-related research was halted in 2003 . But the Islamic republic has refused international demands to halt its nuclear fuel program , and the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said in November that it was up to Iran to demonstrate the peaceful nature of its atomic research . Iran says U.N. talks pave way for negotiations Meanwhile , Iran 's economy has been crippled by existing sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union . Eighty percent of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , and an embargo by the EU set to go into effect in July will put further pressure on its economy . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Iranians need to know we mean business , " Sen. Harry Reid says The new sanctions would take aim at Iran 's oil and banking industries A dispute over including a threat of U.S. force stalled the bill last week Iran says its nuclear work is peaceful ; new talks are scheduled for Wednesday
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy 's bid to clinch the European Tour money list has been hit by bad weather in Singapore -- and the world 's No. 1 golfer has revealed that his tennis star girlfriend is not enjoying the experience . Caroline Wozniacki traveled to Asia to be by his side after her season ended last weekend at a tournament final in Bulgaria , but the couple -- dubbed "  Wozilroy " -- has had to put up with rain and early-morning starts . "  Nearly 12 hours at the golf course already today ! @CaroWozniacki really enjoying her holiday this week ... Not !! , " he wrote on Twitter , where he posted a less than flattering picture of the Dane slumped asleep on a desk . McIlroy , unable to complete his first round on Thursday , came back early to post a one-under-par 70 and was then level after 12 holes when the second round of the $ 6 million event was again halted . "  Now I remember why golf is n't my sport ! Waking up at 5.15 is n't really my thing lol ... #notamorningperson , " Wozniacki posted on Twitter . McIlroy could add to his PGA Tour money list title by winning in Singapore , where officials face the prospect of cutting the tournament to 54 holes for the second year in a row if the disruptions continue . However , he is battling illness which may mean he has to wait until next week 's Hong Kong Open title defense or the season-ending World Tour Championship in Dubai before he can emulate Luke Donald 's feat last year . "  I 'm struggling a bit and not feeling 100 % , " the 23-year-old told reporters . "  Maybe it 's a good thing that the humidity is so high because I might be able to sweat it out . " This time last year McIlroy was suffering with an illness suspected to be Dengue Fever , and he ended up finishing second in the Race To Dubai standings behind Donald . England 's world No. 63 Simon Dyson shared the lead with 631-ranked Chapchai Nirat of Thailand when Friday 's play was finally stopped , with both on six under par . Half the field had not played since Thursday , including veteran American Phil Mickelson and fellow major winner Padraig Harrington -- who were both down the field after the opening round .	World No. 1 Rory McIlroy under the weather in bid to complete double money list wins His tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki is accompanying him in Singapore Rain delays have caused havoc with the tournament 's schedule , meaning early starts The $ 6 million event may be reduced to 54 holes for the second year in a row
Washington  CNN  -- In 1994 , on the eve of his trip to North Korea to persuade Kim Il Sung to negotiate with the Clinton administration over its nuclear program , Jimmy Carter had a series of briefings at the State Department . After several hours , Carter looked around the room at the group of diplomats assembled and said , "  None of you have told me what I need to know , " according to a former State Department official involved in briefing the former president . "  You have n't told me what Kim Il Sung wants , " Carter told his briefers . "  What he wants is my respect . And I am going to give it to him . " Sources knowledgeable about Carter 's trip to Pyongyang this week to free American Aijalon Mahli Gomes expect the former president to take the same approach he used with Kim Il Sung in dealing with his son , current leader Kim Jong Il . Carter , they say , will give the North Korean leader the respect he craves , giving him a face-saving way to release Gomes . As with last year 's mission by former President Bill Clinton to free journalists Laura Ling and Euna Less , the deal with North Korea was already done before Carter boarded the plane . In fact , the North Koreans have been looking for a visit from Carter for some time . University of Georgia professor Han Park , who helped arrange Carter 's 1994 trip and played a role in this one , said he brought up the possibility of high-level talks with the former American president during Park 's trip to Pyongyang in July . Park said the release of Gomes was actually a secondary reason for Carter 's visit , the first being restarting talks with the United States . "  The release was not the North Korean purpose , " said Park , who has visited the communist nation 52 times . "  They wanted to have a much more substantive discussion when the official line is seemingly blocked . " There was no shortage of envoys ready to travel to North Korea and negotiate Gomes release . Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , has gone on previous missions to North Korea , including the negotiated release of a detained American . He continues to hold occasional talks with North Korean diplomats . Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , was also closely involved in coordinating efforts with the White House and State Department to free Gomes , who is one of his constituents , said his spokesman , Fredrick Jones . It was Kerry , Jones said , who informed the State Department about Gomes ' arrest and has been urging the department to do "  whatever it takes " to secure Gomes ' humanitarian release , including sending an envoy if appropriate . Although he offered to go himself if that was the best option , aides say Kerry assisted with the search to find a suitable envoy . In the end , the North Koreans are exacting the highest possible price they thought they could get for the release , securing what they see as the credibility a former leader of the free world can provide . Last year , the North Koreans rejected several lower-level envoys before settling on Clinton , who returned with the two American women after three hours of dining and photo-ops with Kim Jong Il . Carter 's 1994 trip to Pyongyang was successful in defusing the first North Korean nuclear crisis , paving the way for the 1994 Agreed Framework in which North Korea pledged to give up its nuclear weapons in return for aid . But it was also controversial because Carter reached a deal with Kim Il Sung and announced it without checking with the Clinton administration . Obama administration officials do n't expect a repeat performance but have kept mum about Carter 's trip , saying only if such a mission took place it would be purely a "  humanitarian effort . " The United States wants to ensure the likely success of any effort to secure Gomes ' release and does n't want to tie the mission to America 's tensions with North Korea over its nuclear program . Those tensions have escalated in recent months with the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan , which the international community has blamed on Pyongyang . While the Obama administration recognizes the North Korean regime will likely use Carter 's trip for propaganda purposes , officials say the most important thing is for Gomes , whose health is deteriorating , to be released . They caution against any expectation of a breakthrough between the two countries , insisting there is no change in U.S. policy toward North Korea . That policy has included tougher sanctions against Pyongyang and joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises off the Korean coast . But Han Park views Carter 's trip as significant , as it comes at a time when negotiations between the United States and North Korea are at an impasse . Carter , he said , is not likely to succeed in obtaining North Korean concessions on defense issues , but nevertheless , his trip could help influence public perceptions of North Korea and eventually lead to direct dialog . "  I think President Carter has a keen interest in reducing tensions on the -LSB- Korean -RSB- peninsula , " Park said . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report	Carter likely to repeat his 1994 tactic : Give the North Korean leader respect A Carter trip to Pyongyang has been in the works for weeks , professor says Restarting talks with the United States is North Korea 's top goal , he says
CNN  -- Bread served hot out of the oven . Fluffy pancakes topped with huckleberries . An espresso bar . These are the kinds of hotel breakfasts that keep guests from venturing out to a nearby restaurant . The following properties want each element of your stay to be unforgettable , starting with the first decadent bite of the day . Each of the following breakfasts is included in the nightly rate , so go ahead -- indulge in that second still-warm croissant . Bespoke Inn , Cafe & Bicycles , Scottsdale , Arizona The four-room boutique Bespoke Inn , Cafe & Bicycles offers a three-course breakfast full of indulgences for every palate . If you have a sweet tooth , try items such as ginger scones with fresh peaches drizzled in local honey or vanilla French toast with toasted almonds , berries , and real maple syrup . For those that prefer a savory start to the morning , tuck into a croque madame with black forest ham and gruyere or asparagus topped with poached eggs , extra virgin olive oil , lemon juice and parmesan . These breakfasts will set you up for a day of exploring Scottsdale on complimentary Pashley bikes . Starting nightly rate : $ 259 . The New Hotel , Athens Countless affordable restaurants with a tasty breakfast fill the capital city of Greece , but the flaky croissants at New Taste -- the ground-floor restaurant in the New Hotel -- are irresistible . Pastries are baked fresh in-house every morning , filling the restaurant with that just-out-of-the-oven aroma . The bread and pastries are served alongside a refined buffet of fresh fruit , cheeses and meats , along with eggs cooked to order and an espresso bar ready to whip up your favorite morning coffee . Starting nightly rate : About $ 240  $ 180  . Mandarin Oriental , Boston A decadent breakfast with a sense of place often means one thing in New England : lobster . Breakfast at the Mandarin Oriental in Boston features a lobster omelet with big chunks of lobster , boursin cheese , asparagus , caramelized onions and breakfast potatoes on the side . Guests looking for an upgrade on a classic should check out the hotel 's gourmand version of bacon and eggs with poached eggs , grilled glazed thick cut bacon piled on top of grilled sourdough bread with roasted tomato , arugula and smoked pimenton hollandaise . Starting nightly bed and breakfast rate : $ 539 . Number 31 , Dublin , Ireland The best breakfasts showcase an authentic taste of your destination . At a boutique guesthouse in central Dublin , traditional Irish brown bread is pulled from the oven each morning , forming the foundation of a distinctly Irish breakfast . This crumbly bread is a fragrant and hearty accompaniment to smoked salmon and scrambled eggs or a modern execution of a full Irish breakfast , among other cooked-to-order choices . While awaiting your order , nibble on cranberry and nut cake , vanilla poached pears or mixed berries . Each component of this breakfast is exquisite and served by warm Irish hosts . Starting nightly rate : About $ 200  $ 150  . The Resort at Paws Up , Montana Fresh Montana air brightens each bite of breakfast at the Resort at Paws Up . Choose accommodations in the luxurious Cliffside Camp overlooking the Blackfoot River and watch a private camp chef pick huckleberries from the surrounding slopes to create fluffy huckleberry pancakes and other memorable dishes . Linger over freshly brewed coffee and maple glazed bacon for an impressive breakfast in the Montana wilderness . Starting nightly Cliffside Camp rate : $ 1475 , including all meals . The Torridon , Scotland Indulgence varies according to destination , and in Scotland , it translates to a full Scottish breakfast with maybe a wee dram of whiskey on the side . This loch-side luxury property sets the table for a leisurely breakfast of free-range highland eggs , potato scones , Cumberland sausages , highland back bacon , grilled tomatoes and more . Wood-smoked salmon with scrambled eggs and homemade toasted brioche is also a highlight . Travelers looking for the pleasures of natural Scotland will find them at this inn . Bed and breakfast starting nightly rate : About $ 360  # 230  . Saxon Boutique Hotel , Villas and Spa , Johannesburg , South Africa What could be a more decadent start to the day than oysters and champagne ? That is how executive chef David Higg likes to start his favorite meal of the day . The continental breakfast also includes smoked Scottish salmon , mini quiches , fresh fruit and scones . For those that might prefer a cooked-to-order breakfast with their complimentary champagne , eggs benedict with Parma ham or French toast with camembert cheese and crispy bacon are also available . Starting nightly rate : About $ 828  ZAR8170 Twin Farms , Barnard , Vermont Surrounded by 300 acres of meadows in Vermont , Twin Farms makes an impression with its breakfast as well as its location . Many guests return raving about the lemon souffl pancakes , served with Vermont strawberries . These light-as-air pancakes are a perfect accompaniment to fragrant Kona coffee , a nod to the owners ' Hawaiian roots . This all-inclusive Relais & Chateaux property also offers fresh pastries served with jam made from berries picked on site . All-inclusive starting nightly rate : $ 1450 , including all meals , alcoholic beverages , use of facilities and gratuities .	Enjoy flaky croissants with your fabulous buffet at the New Hotel in Athens At the Mandarin Oriental in Boston , have some lobster as part of breakfast In Montana , fresh huckleberries come with your luxury campsite  you just need $ 1475 Start off the day with oysters and champagne in South Africa
CNN  -- Mark Cavendish is a formidable sprint cyclist . Dubbed "  the fastest man on two wheels , " the British rider became the UCI Road Race World Champion in 2011 and has won a total of 25 Tour de France stages , including the Champs-Elysee stage four years in a row . CNN caught up with him to discover what it takes to be one of the world 's best sprinters . In his own words : Be competitive . Like , really competitive "  Since I was a little kid , I was competitive with everything . It was n't good enough just to be the best that I could be -- I had to be the best of everybody , whether it was a spelling test at school , or it was in P.E.  physical education  or a social club . " Embrace your differences "  I 'm different from a lot of bike riders , but that makes me good , because there 's something different about the way I race and there is something different about my results . It 's just that I 'm so much smaller , and so much more aerodynamic and much more efficient . My legs can go at maybe 15 revs per minute quicker than the other guys , who are big and have more muscle ; for them , it 's like winding up a toy and letting it go and gaining speed whereas ... I am small and aerodynamic and can get to my top speed quicker and hold it there . Watch this : Pinarello bikes built for glory Train your brain "  I train my brain as much as I train my muscles . I am constantly on my iPad doing logic games , like Sudoku . It trains the part of your brain that helps you make decisions and look at the whole picture . " Trust your team "  In the chaos that is going on in a bunch sprint , the biggest drainer of energy comes from mental stress , and just having to concentrate and make decisions . For me , it 's about keeping up my reserves until that final few hundred meters , so if there is someone there doing those things for me it really helps me store my energy . " Have a photographic memory "  I can do one lap of a circuit and know where all the potholes are . I know how sharp to do a corner and how fast to go around it . I can analyze so much more of what is going on around than I think a lot of my rivals can ; I can analyze the people around me and where they are and really take it in and absorb it quick . I do n't know why I do it , or how , I just know that I can . " Be inspired by nay-sayers "  When I was growing up , there was a lot to prove , and I had a lot of people pushing back . I get an extra drive off someone saying I ca n't do something , you know ? I do enjoy proving people wrong . It 's not the same anymore . I believe I am amongst the greatest sprinters in the history of cycling , so there is not much more to prove there . " Daisy Carrington contributed to this report .	Mark Cavendish is a record-breaking road race cyclist The British sprinter says he always had to win at everything , even as a kid Cavendish also trains his brain regularly with Sudoku puzzles A photographic memory helps him remember "  every pothole " in each circuit
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Scientific tests prove bones housed in the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome are those of the apostle St. Paul himself , according to Pope Benedict XVI . Pope Benedict XVI looks at the tomb of St. Paul at the Basilica of St. Paul in Rome in 2007 . "  Tiny fragments of bone " in the sarcophagus were subjected to carbon dating , showing they "  belong to someone who lived in the first or second century , " the pope said in a homily carried on Italian television . "  This seems to confirm the unanimous and undisputed tradition that these are the mortal remains of the Apostle St. Paul , " Benedict said in Sunday 's announcement . The tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth , purple in color and laminated with pure gold , and a blue colored textile with linen filaments , " the pope said . The tests were carried out by inserting a probe into a small opening in the sarcophagus , "  which had not been opened for many centuries , " the pontiff said . The probe "  also revealed the presence of grains of red incense and traces of protein and limestone . " Separately , archaeologists have uncovered an image of St. Paul which "  could be considered the oldest icon of the apostle known to date , " the Vatican 's official newspaper reported Sunday . The painting , in the St. Tecla Catacomb , is "  among the oldest and best-defined figures from ancient Christianity , " according to the Pontifical Commission for Sacred Archaeology , L'Osservatore Romano reported . St. Paul is one of the most significant figures in Christianity . Originally a persecutor of early Christians , he became a follower of Jesus after seeing a vision on the road to Damascus , according to Christian tradition . "  Saul , Saul , why are you persecuting me ? " the vision of Jesus asks Paul , using the apostle 's birth name , in the Acts of the Apostles . Saul then took the name Paul and became a missionary . His letters , or epistles , to early Christian communities around the Mediterranean form a significant portion of the New Testament . Paul was beheaded by Roman authorities sometime between 65 and 67 A.D. , according to the Catholic Church . He was buried a few miles away , and when the Roman Empire stopped persecuting Christians some 250 years later , the Emperor Constantine had a basilica built over his grave . It currently lies under a marble tombstone bearing the Latin inscription PAULO APOSTOLO MART  Apostle Paul , martyr  , according to the Web site of the basilica . A papal altar stands over the tombstone , which is visible through a window-like opening , the Web site says . Monday marks the end of a year of celebration in honor of the 2,000 th anniversary of St. Paul 's birth . It also happens to be the feast day of Saints Peter and Paul . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Scientific tests prove bones are those of the apostle St. Paul , pope says Vatican tomb also holds "  traces of a precious linen cloth " Tests were carried out by inserting probe into small opening in sarcophagus
CNN  -- A ferry crammed with people capsized late Friday night in Bangladesh , killing at least 28 passengers , police said . The boat had a capacity of 1,500 , but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people , said Nazrul Islam , the police chief of Bangladesh 's southern Bhola district . They were traveling from the capital , Dhaka , to their homes in Bhola for the Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha . The boat toppled as passengers weighted down one side to disembark , Islam said . The dead included eight women and 15 children . About 50 more people were injured . Police and firefighters rushed to aid passengers , many of whom were trapped in the lower deck . The number of people missing remained unclear and rescue teams feared the death toll would rise . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Overcrowded ferry capsizes in Bangladesh , killing at least 28 people Boat had capacity of 1,500 , but was overcrowded with about 2,000 people They were traveling from capital Dhaka to their homes in Bhola for Muslim festival of Eid al-Adha
Washington  CNN  -- While stone carvers chisel new pieces to repair damage inflicted on the Washington National Cathedral by an earthquake last August , fundraisers say the cathedral 's restoration fund is $ 18 million short of the repair cost . The cathedral , sometimes called "  the spiritual home for the nation , " was perhaps the hardest-hit landmark in the capital when a magnitude 5.8 earthquake struck on August 23 . The Gothic cathedral 's three towers and the carved pinnacles and embellishments that decorate them were severely affected by the earthquake . "  The repair work , which includes intricate stone carving and detailed masonry , and will require significant scaffolding and large cranes to access the damaged areas , could be completed in five years if sufficient funds are raised immediately , " the cathedral said in a news release . Carvers are fabricating new stones from blocks of limestone taken from the original quarries in Indiana , it said . A total of $ 2 million was raised over the past six months to cover the cost of stabilizing damaged stones and protection to allow the cathedral to reopen , it said . The total repair cost , initially estimated at $ 15 million , is now expected to be more than $ 20 million , leaving another $ 18 million to be raised , it said .	Carvers are making new stones from limestone blocks from an Indiana quarry Major scaffolding is erected around the damaged cathedral towers A magnitude 5.8 earthquake damaged the landmark on August 23
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund marched 13 points clear in the German Bundesliga on Saturday with a 2-0 win at home to St. Pauli . Coach Jurgen Klopp 's team later saw defending champions Bayern Munich move up to second place on goal difference above Bayer Leverkusen , who host lowly Stuttgart on Sunday . Paraguay striker Lucas Barrios scored his 10th goal this season to put Dortmund ahead six minutes before halftime , while an own-goal from Ralph Gunesch four minutes after the break left St. Pauli just five points above the relegation zone . Barrios netted for the first time this year after doing well to control Nuri Sahin 's cross , and his ball across goal forced Gunesch to turn the ball into his own net with Robert Lewandowski waiting behind him to score . It was a welcome return to winning ways for Dortmund , who had drawn three of the team 's first five games of 2011 . Bayern Munich warmed up for Wednesday 's Champions League final rematch against Inter Milan with a morale-boosting 3-1 win over Mainz , who stayed in fifth place . Bastian Schweinsteiger scored the first header of his Bundesliga career nine minutes into the first half and Thomas Muller made it 2-0 five minutes into the second , with Dutch winger Arjen Robben involved in setting up both goals . With 13 minutes left , Muller helped Germany striker Mario Gomez to score his 27th goal in all competitions this season for Louis van Gaal 's team , who travel to Italy seeking revenge for May 's defeat in Madrid . Tunisian striker Sami Allagui headed his second goal in successive games in the 83rd minute , but it was too late for Mainz -- who won in Munich in September . Fourth-placed Hanover moved four points clear of Mainz with a 3-1 win over struggling Kaiserslautern , with a goal in each half from Jan Schlaudraff and another just before the interval by Mohammed Abdellaoue . The defeat left visiting Kaiserslautern third from bottom on goal difference behind 2009 champions Wolfsburg , who lost 2-1 at sixth-placed Freiburg . Wolfsburg led when Turkey striker Tuncay Sanli helped set up fellow new signing Patrick Helmes , but substitute Stefan Reisinger leveled just before halftime and Papiss Demba Cisse 's 69th-minute winner was his 16th goal this season . Hamburg claimed seventh place above Nuremberg -- 3-0 winners over Eintracht Frankfurt on Friday -- following a crushing 4-0 victory at home to Werder Bremen . Croatian striker Mladen Petric gave Hamburg the lead three minutes before halftime , then two bad second-half mistakes by Per Mertesacker gave Peru striker Paolo Guerrero a double on the counter-attack before Anis Ben-Hatira sealed victory near the end . The defeat left Bremen just a point above Wolfsburg and Kaiserslautern . Cologne came from behind to draw 1-1 at ninth-placed Hoffenheim , moving three points clear of the drop zone as Youssef Mohamad 's 69th-minute equalizer canceled out an own-goal by teammate Milivoje Novakovic soon after the interval .	Borussia Dortmund return to winning form with a 2-0 victory at home to St. Pauli German leaders now have a 13-point advantage over Bayern Munich and Bayer Leverkusen Bayern up to second place on goal difference after winning 3-1 away to Mainz Hanover consolidate fourth following 3-1 win over struggling Kaiserslautern
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government filed suit Tuesday against Wyndham Hotels after sensitive customer data , including credit card numbers and personal information , allegedly were stolen three times in less than two years . In court documents , the Federal Trade Commission alleges Wyndham Hotels ' lax security policies allowed Russian hackers to access more than 500,000 customer accounts on three separate occasions between 2008 and 2010 . Hackers used the data to rack up more than $ 10.6 million in fraudulent credit card transactions , according to the suit filed in the U.S. District Court of Arizona . The security breaches involved Wyndham 's Phoenix , Arizona , data center , the main hub where the company stores and transfers data between its corporate headquarters and affiliates . By gaining access to the Arizona data center , hackers were able to install "  phishing " software on numerous Wyndham servers around the world and gain access to customer data , the FTC 's lawsuit alleges . "  At the time of these incidents , we made prompt efforts to notify the hotel customers whose information may have been compromised , and offered them credit monitoring services , " Michael Valentino , Wyndham 's worldwide director of communications , said in a statement to CNN . But Wyndham failed to take proper security measures even after the company was aware of a security breach , according to the FTC 's complaint . The FTC said Wyndham should have instituted complex user IDs and passwords , and fixed software that stored the company 's customer credit card data in clear readable text . Wyndham did n't make the fixes , the government alleges , and the hackers were able to gain access to servers on two more occasions . "  Even after faulty security led to one breach ... Wyndham still failed to remedy known security vulnerabilities ; failed to employ reasonable measures to detect unauthorized access ; failed to follow proper incident response procedures , " the FTC said in a statement announcing the suit . There is no penalty for first-time violators of the FTC 's Consumer Privacy Act , and this is the first time Wyndham has been charged with violating the act . But according to Kristen Cohen , an attorney in the FTC 's privacy and identity protection division , the agency is seeking a permanent injunction that would force Wyndham to implement what the agency considers reasonable and appropriate security measures for customer information . Wyndham Hotel Group claims to be the world 's largest hotel company with more than 7,000 hotels worldwide . The company operates hotels and resorts under the Wyndham brand , and includes Ramada , Super 8 , Days Inn and Howard Johnson and several other hotel companies among its affiliates .	The FTC alleges lax computer security policies by Wyndham Hotels Russian hackers accessed more than 500,000 customer accounts , the FTC says Wyndham says it made prompt efforts to notify customers and offered credit monitoring The FTC suit wants Wyndham to improve its security measures for customer information
CNN  -- Three bodies have been discovered in East Cleveland , Ohio , police say , and a man is in custody in connection with the case . "  We are dealing with a sick individual , and we have reason to believe that there might be more victims , " East Cleveland Mayor Gary Norton told CNN . All three victims appear to be young black women , their decomposing bodies wrapped in layers of plastic and taped up , according to authorities . Two bodies were found Saturday , one in the basement of an abandoned house , the other in a field nearby . The first victim was found Friday in a garage on the same block after police received a call about a foul odor . The first victim was found naked with indications of trauma , police say . The second victim was found wearing a green hoodie , and the third was wearing a leopard print leotard . The garage where the first victim was found was leased to Michael Madison , according to Detective Sgt. Scott Gardner with the East Cleveland police . Authorities obtained a search warrant for Madison 's apartment and found "  additional evidence of decomposition " there , he said . The 35-year-old suspect was later located and taken into custody without incident after a standoff at his mother 's house . According to police , Madison was convicted of attempted rape in 2001 and is a registered sex offender . CNN could not immediately reach a representative for Madison . Norton believes the killings happened over a 10-day period . "  One of the things that makes us believe it 's the same suspect is the way that they were all wrapped ... and the same concealment of each of the victims , " he said . According to Norton , Madison "  idolized " and was "  influenced " by convicted serial killer Anthony Sowell . Sowell was sentenced to death in 2011 for killing 11 women in Cuyahoga County , Ohio . "  Unfortunately , this is a sick individual who appears to have been influenced by another sick individual , " Norton told CNN . "  If he had been out for one more hour , there 's no telling what would have happened . " One hundred volunteers were going house to house Sunday "  to see if there 's anything else out there that police need to know about , " he added . Cadaver dogs were assisting in the search . East Cleveland Police Chief Ralph Spotts told CNN affiliate WEWS that authorities have received tips from the public and hope to get more . "  A lot of people knew him and saw that he was a troubled individual and now , you know , we 're getting tips from even females saying that they were in his house and they got away , but never said anything , " he said . Shaeaun Child , a neighbor who tipped police off about the foul smell in the garage , told CNN he knows Madison . The two argued once over the blocking of a driveway . "  From what I know , he was an OK person when I first met him . And then from there , he actually , he had a lot of conflicts with different girls that he knew , " Child said . "  When he real upset with someone , he get real loud . You could hear him like two blocks away . " He continued : "  After my conflict with him , I always watched him . I never turned my back because you never know . " So far , police have been unable to identify any of the victims . The Cuyahoga County medical examiner said in a Sunday statement that "  identification and final cause of death may take several days " given the advanced state of decomposition . Currently the medical examiner 's office is not asking people with missing relatives to provide DNA samples . "  We hope and pray that there are no more  bodies  , " the mayor said . No charges have yet been filed . East Cleveland is seven miles northeast of Cleveland , Ohio . The city , incorporated in 1911 , occupies three square miles . According to 2010 census data , the city of almost 18,000 is predominately African-American and has the highest poverty rate in Cuyahoga County . CNN 's Anna Coren , Morgan Winsor and Alina Cho contributed to this report	NEW : "  I always watched him . I never turned my back , " says neighbor who knows suspect All three victims were found near each other , wrapped in multiple layers of plastic bags The suspect "  idolized " serial killer Anthony Sowell , according to the East Cleveland mayor Police and volunteers continue to search the area Sunday
ArsTechnica  -- Amidst all the shouting over Tuesday 's transfer of the House of Representatives to Republican control , a distinct cry of pain could be heard for the loss of one voice -- Representative Rick Boucher  D-VA  . Republican Morgan Griffith , majority leader of Virginia 's House of Delegates , has taken Boucher 's seat . As Chair of the influential Subcommittee on the Internet of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , Boucher 's imprint on tech issues -- particularly online privacy -- was clear as a bell . Now he is gone . "  Tonight the Congress has lost one of its most intelligent and tech-saavy members , " a press statement from Gigi Sohn of Public Knowledge declared late Tuesday . "  Rick Boucher has been one of the most moderate and thoughtful voices on communications and intellectual property policy . " A long shadow Earlier this year , Boucher proposed a bill that would bar companies from using a cell phone 's geolocation information without a consumer 's consent . Ditto for content on race , religious beliefs , or sexual orientation . For most other information , a simple opt-out would keep data from being used by first - or third-party vendors . Many of Boucher 's Internet policy oriented Democratic colleagues survived this election . These would include pro-net neutrality stalwart Edward Markey  D-MA  as well as Henry Waxman  D-CA  , who unsuccessfully tried to push a compromise open Internet bill through Congress last month . Other Democratic survivors include Anna Eshoo  D-CA  , who launched bills against loud television commercials and for automatic fiber conduits included in every road construction project . Meet the replacements But in the next Congress these Democrats will sit on the minority side of the aisle . The big Republican voices that will replace them on the House Commerce Committee have been very vocal on communications technology issues . They include former committee Chair Joe Barton  R-TX  , who ultimately refused to go along with Waxman 's net neutrality compromise , Fred Upton  R-MS  , and Cliff Stearns  R-FL  . The latter takes particular interest in mobile phone and wireless spectrum concerns . Still , despite all the "  no compromise " rhetoric that 's flying about , there may be some continuity in various policy areas -- particularly regarding online privacy . In early October , Barton and Markey sent a long list of tough questions to Facebook , Yahoo , Microsoft and other companies about their Web privacy policies , particularly as they related to cookies and data retention . Barton has just released a statement in response to Facebook 's answers . "  It 's good that Facebook was in a hurry to respond to our concerns , but the fact remains that some third-party applications were knowingly transferring personal information in direct violation of Facebook 's privacy promises to its users , " he warned . "  I want the Internet economy to prosper , but it ca n't unless the people 's right to privacy means more than a right to hear excuses after the damage is done . In the next Congress , the Energy and Commerce Committee and our subcommittees are going to put Internet privacy policies in the crosshairs . " A privacy bill on the way ? And there will have to be some concurrence with the Democrats on these hot-button questions , because they 've retained control over the Senate . That means that Senate Commerce Committee Chair Jay Rockefeller  D-WV  will remain a critical voice on Web-related concerns on that side of the aisle -- Rockefeller warned just last week that he may submit a privacy bill to Congress himself . So while the partisan rhetoric may fly on questions like net neutrality , various forms of consensus may also surface on occasion , particularly in areas like online privacy and getting more spectrum licenses to the wireless industry . It all depends on who winds up where in the next Capitol Hill . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Morgan Griffith , majority leader of Virginia 's House of Delegates , took Boucher 's seat Sohn : "  Tonight the Congress has lost one of its most intelligent and tech-saavy members " Partisan rhetoric may fly on questions like net neutrality
A nurse under mandatory quarantine in New Jersey after caring for Ebola patients in Sierra Leone has blasted stringent new state policies for dealing with health care workers returning from West Africa , saying the change could lead to medical professionals being treated like "  criminals and prisoners . " In a first-person account in The Dallas Morning News , Kaci Hickox wrote that she was ordered placed in quarantine at a hospital , where she has now tested negative in two tests for Ebola . Still , hospital officials told her she must remain under quarantine for 21 days . "  This is not a situation I would wish on anyone , and I am scared for those who will follow me , " she wrote . Dr. Seema Yasmin , a friend of Hickox who has been in contact with her during her quarantine , told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen that Hickox is feeling physically fine and showing no symptoms . That contradicts what New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said in a press conference Saturday , when he said Hickox was "  obviously ill . " Yasmin has been texting with Hickox and told CNN the nurse is "  very sad " and "  exhuasted . " Yasmin also told CNN she is worried about the conditions Hickox is being held in -- the nurse told Yasmin she is in an unheated room and was given only paper scrubs to wear . Doctors Without Borders said in a written statement that it is "  very concerned about the conditions , " saying Hickox is in an unheated tent adjacent to the hospital . The group 's statement also said it is working to get information from hospital officials . In Saturday 's press conference , Christie said he was "  sorry if in any way she  Hickox  was inconvenienced , " but stated that the public health and safety of the people of New Jersey are his "  first and foremost obligation . " A mandatory quarantine imposed by New York , New Jersey and Illinois on health care workers who just returned to the United States from treating Ebola patients in West Africa has prompted a debate on how to prevent the spread of the disease without discouraging medical aid workers from fighting it . The isolation policy was abruptly implemented Friday by the governors of New York and New Jersey , Andrew Cuomo and Christie . The announcement came one day after a New York doctor who treated patients in Guinea became the first Ebola case diagnosed in New York City . Should health care workers be quarantined ? The change to mandatory isolation for 21 days , which is thought to be Ebola 's incubation period , was implemented the same day that Hickox landed at Newark Liberty International Airport after working with Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone . She said that she was held at the airport and questioned by various health workers after her flight landed at about 1 p.m. . At first , her temperature -- taken with a forehead scanner -- was 98 degrees . Hours later , with her cheeks flushed with anger over being held without explanation , another scanner check recorded her temperature as 101 degrees , she wrote . "  The female officer looked smug . ` You have a fever now , ' " she wrote . "  I explained that an oral thermometer would be more accurate and that the forehead scanner was recording an elevated temperature because I was flushed and upset . " She eventually got a police escort to a hospital , where her temperature was measured again at 98.6 degrees -- normal . And she tested negative for Ebola , she wrote in the Dallas newspaper . How the Ebola virus spreads "  I had spent a month watching children die , alone , " she wrote . "  I had witnessed human tragedy unfold before my eyes . I had tried to help when much of the world has looked on and done nothing . ... I sat alone in the isolation tent  in New Jersey  and thought of many colleagues who will return home to America and face the same ordeal . Will they be made to feel like criminals and prisoners ? " Hickox fears it will discourage some colleagues from taking up the necessary fight . New Jersey health officials said that a preliminary test showed that Hickox does not have Ebola . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed a second Ebola test came back negative . The primary goal of University Hospital in Newark , where Hickox is under quarantine , is to "  make sure the patient is as comfortable as possible , " hospital spokeswoman Stacie Newton said . The New Jersey Department of Health did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment regarding the nurse 's allegations . CDC : Outbreak wo n't end without volunteers New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Mary Bassett shares Hickox 's concerns that the mandatory quarantine will discourage doctors and nurses from volunteering to take care of Ebola patients in West Africa , according to her spokeswoman . "  We just want to make sure we do n't inadvertently discourage volunteers who are going to West Africa to help control this epidemic , " said health department spokeswoman Jean Weinberg . The CDC has said the Ebola outbreak in West Africa will not end without the work of volunteer health care workers . Complete coverage on Ebola	Friend of Hickox says nurse is feeling fine , showing no symptoms Doctors Without Borders questions conditions where nurse is being held Hickox : "  I am scared for those who will follow me " Result from Ebola test came back negative
McKenna Pope 's 4-year-old brother wanted an Easy-Bake oven for months and she was more than happy to get it for him . She wants him to know it 's OK for boys to enjoy baking cookies . But she 's worried that toy makers are sending boys a different message . The 13-year-old reached this conclusion last week during a shopping trip with her parents . They searched the shelves for an Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven and found pink and purple boxes that show only girls using the kid-friendly appliance . They decided not to buy it because they thought the packaging would make him feel like he was playing with a "  girl 's toy " he would n't want . Still , McKenna decided to take it up as a cause and launched a petition asking Hasbro to feature boys in the packaging of Easy-Bake Ultimate Ovens . "  I feel that this sends a clear message : women cook , men work , " Pope wrote in her Change.org petition , which has earned more than 30,000 signatures since it went up Friday night . "  I want my brother to know that it 's not ` wrong ' for him to want to be a chef , that it 's okay to go against what society believes to be appropriate . " With more people shopping for children 's toys during the holiday season , McKenna and others are reviving debate over the effects of gender-biased toy marketing in a year that has seen intense discussion on the issue and even some progress . It 's easier for girls to play across gender lines , said McKenna , who spoke from experience . When she played with Nerf guns , people called her a tomboy , at worst , she said . But she has seen male classmates endure harsher name-calling for playing with dolls . "  I 'm sure there are a lot of kids out there like my brother who want Easy-Bake ovens but do n't ask for them because they 're told they 're not supposed to want them , " she said . "  There 's a lot toys specifically marketed towards boys and girls , but guys need to learn to cook and take care of children , too . " Hasbro did not respond to a request for comment . Not everyone believes children should play across gender lines . In a previous CNN story on the topic , some commenters said that allowing children boys to play with dolls or other toys typically associated with girls could make them targets of bullies . Others suggested that some color-coded marketing works and that selling pink LEGO or science kits packaged in purple attracts girls to toys that they might shy away from otherwise . Toys come in different colors based on feedback from consumers and retailers , said a spokeswoman for the Toy Industry Association , a non-profit trade association that represents businesses involved in the creation and marketing of toys . "  Toy companies are basically businesses that respond to consumer requests , " spokeswoman Adrienne Appell said . "  If there 's a market to explore , a company is going to want to put their marketing efforts behind products that families are going to buy . " Comments on the petition echoed McKenna 's views about how the packaging and marketing might enforce gender stereotypes . Some parents , including men , agreed with her statement that boys benefit from playing with kid-friendly appliances and other toys typically associated with girls . "  I loved my Easy-Bake oven when I was a boy and I love cooking today . All boys should have access to the kitchen . And it 's never too early to let them have that access , " one commenter wrote . "  This goes for craft kits , too ! My son  also loves cooking  , has shown an interest in sewing , yet the kits out there are all geared toward girls . Cooking and sewing are basic life skills that all our children should learn ... especially when they show an interest , " another commenter wrote . Activists are heartened that a teen is speaking up on behalf of a sibling , rather than the usual advocates and opinion writers . McKenna 's voice lends credibility to the argument that traditional gender stereotypes are losing relevance among her generation , said Deborah Tolman , co-founder of SPARK , a nonprofit group that trains teens and young women to be media activists . "  People really listen when it comes from a young person or the actual consumer . It 's different from adults making arguments in sophisticated words , " Tolman said . "  How can you ignore young people when they say they do n't like what you 're selling them and they want choices ? It 's pretty much a win-win situation for the advertiser and the consumer . " It 's an issue close to SPARK , whose teen activists have orchestrated several campaigns in the past year to raise awareness of portrayals of women in media and popular culture . Last November , they launched a petition over LEGO 's busty , pinkwashed "  Friends " line asking the company to return to its gender-neutral approach to marketing . SPARK 's efforts continued in 2012 by pressuring Seventeen and Teen Vogue to stop photoshopping models . The fact that McKenna did it on her own -- as she and her mother claim -- shows that people her age are capable of scrutinizing media messages , said Dana Edell , executive director of SPARK . "  It matters most when it comes from them because they 're the future leaders of the world who will be making decisions about marketing and advertising , " Edell said . "  So many people like to say , ` Who cares ? Girls will always play with dolls and boys will always play with trucks and it does n't matter . ' So , it 's encouraging to see someone who 's not an adult stand up and say ` Wait a minute , actually , it does matter . ' " Toy marketing saw a shift this year when British store Harrod 's re-opened its toy department organized by themes rather than gender . More recently , Sweden 's Top-Toy Group , a licensee of the Toys "  R " Us brand , published a catalog featuring a girl aiming a toy gun and a boy styling hair with beauty accessories . The gender-blind catalog prompted Carolyn Danckaert to start her own Change.org petition asking Toys "  R " Us to follow suit in its catalogs and marketing materials in the United States . The company did not respond to a request for comment . "  People are recognizing that the divisions being created are n't necessary and it just makes more sense to be sorting toys thematically rather than by gender , " said Danckaert , founder of "  A Mighty Girl , " an online marketplace for books and movies that feature females as main characters . "  We hear from parents all the time who see the value in allowing boys to play with baby dolls , " she said . "  A lot of people believe that it 's desirable to encourage boys to become nurturers and develop the whole child , from analytical skills to the ability to empathize . " Since launching the petition , McKenna said she has learned a bit about scrutinizing ads . "  Now , whenever I see a toy commercial , I feel my mind automatically shooting to : ` Why are they marketing it this way ? ' " she said . "  I ca n't help it . I wonder who this is being marketing to -- should they do it in a different way ? " Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	New Jersey teen asks Hasbro to use boys on packaging for Easy-Bake Ultimate Ovens McKenna Pope says packaging discourages boys from baking , enforces gender stereotypes Pope , 13 , launched Change.org petition on behalf of 4-year-old brother who asked for the toy Activists glad that a teen is speaking up rather than usual advocates and opinion writers
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Foxconn Technology Group -- the world 's largest electronics manufacturer and supplier to companies like Apple , Samsung and Microsoft -- admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its Chinese plants . "  An internal investigation carried out by our company has confirmed media reports in China that some participants in the short-term student internship program that is administered at our campus in Yantai , Shandong Province are under the legal working age of 16 years , " the company said in a statement . "  This is not only a violation of China 's labor law , it is also a violation of Foxconn policy and immediate steps have been taken to return the interns in question to their educational institutions . " The underage interns had worked at the plant for about three weeks , the company said . No evidence was found at other plants in China , the company added . Opinion : U.S. misses full truth on China factory workers Foxconn is one of the world 's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry . Much of its manufacturing division is based in mainland China , where it assembles a range of products including Apple 's iPhone and iPad , Amazon 's Kindle and Microsoft 's Xbox . Interns represent about 2.7 % of Foxconn 's 1.2 million employees in China . The report was the latest in a string of incidents for Foxconn . Earlier this month , workers rights groups and Chinese state media reported work stoppage at a Zhengzhou plant regarding "  overly strict demands " for production of Apple 's iPhone . The company disputed reports of a "  strike , " but admitted employee "  disputes . " Last month , a factory in Taiyuan was shut down for a day after a large-scale brawl sent 40 people to the hospital . Working conditions at Foxconn factories have been under the spotlight since a 2010 spate of worker suicides at its plants . Foxconn said it had increased workers pay , introduced counselors , started a 24-hour phone counseling service and opened a stress room where workers can take out frustration on mannequins with bats . The Fair Labor Association -- an industry-funded labor watchdog whose membership includes Apple , a large customer of Foxconn -- released a report in August that Foxconn has moved to bring working hours including overtime down to below 60 hours per week "  with the goal of reaching full compliance with the Chinese legal limit of 40 hours per week , plus an average of 9 hours of overtime per week while protecting worker compensation . " "  Immediate health and safety measures " had been made , such as enforcement of breaks , changing equipment design to reduce repetitive stress injuries and testing of emergency equipment like eyewashes and sprinklers , the August report said . An explosion last year at a Foxconn plant that makes Apple 's iPad2 in Chengdu killed four people and injured 18 more . Chinese officials said the blast may have been caused by combustible dust in a polishing workshop . That incident followed a report by a labor group alleging that workers at the same plant do not have adequate training in the use of chemicals and do not have regular on the job health checks . In June : Police , company investigates Foxconn death	Foxconn admitted that interns as young as 14 worked at one of its Chinese plants . Chinese law prohibits workers younger than 16 from working in the factories The interns worked for about three weeks at Foxconn 's Yantai manufacturing plant Foxconn is the world 's largest electronics manufacturer with clients like Apple and Samsung
CNN  -- Sorry seems to be the hardest word . The latest Ferguson confrontation is n't taking place on the streets of the beleaguered city , but between the St. Louis County Police Department and the St. Louis Rams football team -- over an apology , or lack thereof . The brouhaha started silently when five Rams players took to the field Sunday with their palms in the air -- showing the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture used by protesters decrying the police shooting death of unarmed black teen Michael Brown . The St. Louis Police Officers Association was furious , saying the players "  chose to ignore the mountains of evidence released from the St. Louis County Grand Jury " after the jurors decided not to indict former Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson . A Rams official spoke with police Monday . And that 's when the he-said , he-said started . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar sent an e-mail to his staff saying the Rams ' chief operating officer called him Monday to apologize . "  I received a very nice call this morning from Mr. Kevin Demoff of the St. Louis Rams who wanted to take the opportunity to apologize to our department on behalf of the Rams for the "  Hands Up " gesture that some players took the field with yesterday , " Belmar wrote in the e-mail , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . But the Rams said that 's just not true . "  We did not apologize , " Rams spokesman Artis Twyman told CNN . The team issued a statement saying the organization had "  positive discussions " Monday with Belmar and other police officials "  during which we expressed our respect for their concerns surrounding yesterday 's game . " Police took issue with the Rams ' saying they did n't apologize and aired their grievances on Twitter . "  Apology : ` expression of regret for not being able to do something " @kdemoff : "  I regretted any offense their officers may have taken , ' " St. Louis County Police tweeted Monday night . The Rams did n't respond to the digital jab . But others sure did . "  You guys should be more petty , " one person tweeted . "  You 're acting like five year olds . Grow up , " another wrote . Police leaders meet with Rams officials Aside from the semantics of the phone call , leaders from the St. Louis Police Officers Association and the St. Louis County Police Association met with team officials Monday . The talks were "  productive but very preliminary , " police said . They are expected to continue later in the week . "  We made some progress today and we had a healthy interaction with the Rams , " SLPOA business manager Jeff Roorda said in a statement after the meeting . "  We feel strongly that they better understand our perspective and the perspective of the law-abiding citizens that support law enforcement . " The Rams also issued a statement , saying the team will "  continue to build on what have always been strong and valued relationships with local law enforcement and the greater St. Louis community as we come together to help heal our region . " The SLPOA had called for the five Rams to be disciplined , but both the NFL and the team 's head coach said that wo n't happen . "  They are exercising their right to free speech , " Rams Head Coach Jeff Fisher said . Share your view What the Rams players said The five Rams players who quietly protested on the field -- Stedman Bailey , Tavon Austin , Jared Cook , Chris Givens and Kenny Britt -- faced a barrage of questions after their gesture . They told CNN affiliate KSDK that they came up with the idea just before the game and wanted to show solidarity with the St. Louis area community . "  We wanted to do something . ... This is our community , " Cook said . The tight end said he has n't had time to go to Ferguson because he 's been busy with the season and because the area is dangerous and he does n't want to get caught up in the violence . But at some point , "  definitely I will be making my trip to Ferguson , " Cook said . Bailey stressed that the players ' move was just a way to show support for their community . "  The violence should stop , " he told KSDK . "  We just want it to stop . " Austin said Brown 's death and the ensuing violence was "  a tragedy , period . " "  There are things out there bigger than football , " he said . "  And we notice that . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Dave Alsup , Wayne Sterling and Ryan Sloane contributed to this story .	St. Louis County police say a Rams official apologized ; the Rams deny it 5 Rams players used the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture at Sunday 's game A group representing police officers says it 's infuriated by the move The Rams ' coach says players were exercising free-speech rights
Namib Desert , Namibia  CNN  -- It 's thought to be the world 's oldest desert . The sun has been beating down on it for at least 55 million years and it covers an area of around around 31,200 square miles . The Namib Desert is an unforgiving landscape but it 's where Rob Johnstone chooses to spend his spare time . As the sun begins to set , the astronomer drives out to an abandoned airstrip in the middle of the desert and sets up his complicated telescope as the remnants of the day 's light disappears . "  This landscape is ideal for stargazing , " says Johnstone , "  because if you look around you , you can see a 360-degree panorama of the horizon . " "  We really have an unobstructed view of the night sky . There 's literally no light pollution whatsoever . It 's completely dark . That is what we 're looking for and that is what makes this area so incredibly special . " The Namib Desert is largely unpopulated , extremely calm and , therefore , incredibly dark . This makes it one of the best places in the world to stargaze . Read more : Ghost towns and wild horses in the desert "  This is where the stars shine - they do n't twinkle , they shine , " Johnstone says . He spends as much time as possible gazing at the skies : "  I have n't discovered anything of importance yet , like maybe a comet or dwarf planet , but I 'm still young -- I 've got plenty of time left . " Last year , the International Dark Sky Association selected this area as an international dark sky reserve , which means it has one of the darkest skies measured on Earth . It is the first place in Africa to be given the title and one of only four other places in the world . Johnstone first decided to pursue astronomy when he saw Halley 's comet in 1986 . Now he travels around Namibia , providing stargazing and astronomy education through his company , Space Observation Learning Namibia . His goal is to have more young heads in the clouds . "  Nobody looks up anymore , " Johnstone laments . "  When you look up into the night sky through a telescope like this , it makes you feel very small , especially when you find out how big some of the stars are . Antares , which is a red supergiant star , is 550 times bigger than our own sun . " Namibia 's night sky is one of its greatest tourist attractions , but with the country 's increasing development comes the threat of light pollution . Introducing too much light to the area will damage ecosystems as well as stargazing opportunities . Night-time lighting can disturb the sleep patterns of animals , which can alter feeding and mating behavior . Absalom Vilho is an environmental educator at Nadeet , the Namib Desert Environmental Education Trust . He lectures visiting students about how to lessen light pollution and has made it his mission to teach fellow Namibians about sustainable lifestyles that will keep the sky pristine . He feels a very personal attachment to the Namibian sky . "  If I think back to when I was young , I was always told stories by my grannies associated with something to do with the stars up there , " he says . "  It 's something I grew up with from a young age . I do n't want to wake up one day and find it gone . " Though funding is a challenge , along with keeping up with the latest equipment , Johnstone is also determined to enlighten more people about Namibia as an ideal location for stargazing . For him , one glimpse into deep space makes it all worth the effort . "  I think the one big question everybody asks is ` are we alone ? ' -- Is there other life out there ? "  You know , given the size of our milky way galaxy , which is 100,000 light years in diameter , and the fact that almost every single star we see is a double star -- in other words it 's two stars orbiting each other -- and there are planets orbiting around those , it suddenly makes you feel not alone anymore . "	Namib Desert is one of the best places in the world to stargaze Pitch black at night , its has been named an International Dark Sky Reserve Environmental groups are keeping the desert free from light pollution
CNN  -- First Sgt. Brian Vasquez smiled as he stumbled upon an old letter that had been missing since he was a young soldier in Desert Storm . "  You are so kind to remember me with a very nice letter , " Vasquez read from the weathered pages . "  The cards and letters I receive from you are very dear to me . " The letter contained words of encouragement written by Dorothy Landgraf , a stranger at the time , but eventually a friend . Hundreds of soldiers who got her letters came to know her as Granny Dot . Granny Dot was a regular one-woman USO . From 1991 to 2003 , she wrote more than 100 letters a month to deployed soldiers . Initially , she addressed the letters to "  Any Service Person , " hoping that someone without family support could have some contact back in the United States . "  I would do anything for that woman , " said Vasquez . "  She always had an uplifting message for anyone who did n't have family , or who felt afraid . " After finding her letter , Vasquez put in a phone call to thank his "  granny " for her encouragement . "  It just set my heart alive that he would remember me , " Granny Dot said . "  My heart aches for soldiers -- it always did when I was a little girl at 8 or 9 years old . I thought the soldiers were so important . I 've just always been real patriotic . I teach my kids to be that way . " Supporting the troops was a family affair in the Landgraf household . Granny Dot would come home from work , cook dinner , and her husband , Kenneth Landgraf , would wash the dishes so she could begin writing . Her real-life grandchildren pitched in during the holidays . Granny Dot 's support did n't stop with the letters . She ensured her soldiers were well taken care of by mailing them cookies , toys , games , Big Red chewing gum , films and magazines . "  One box I sent out had makeup in it and ended up in a company that had no females , " Granny Dot said . "  The men made a point to write me back telling me how much they enjoyed dressing a couple of the guys up and joking around . " The soldiers meant the world to Granny Dot . She said corresponding with them and learning about their lives was incredibly rewarding . Each time a different soldier responded to one of her letters , Granny Dot proudly tied a bright yellow ribbon to her dogwood tree in New Albany , Indiana . There were 147 ribbons in all . Eventually , Granny Dot 's worsening health required that she put away her typewriter . Once she stopped writing , most of the soldiers followed suit . Many things have changed since Granny Dot churned out letters and sent gifts regularly . Next week , Granny Dot will celebrate her 59th wedding anniversary . She said that some details of her vast friendships with soldiers have slipped from her memory , but she is happy the soldiers have kept her on their minds . "  It was my life for those 12 years , " Granny Dot said . The words in Granny Dot 's letter to Vasquez have faded with age , but the message is as clear as the late summer day on which it was written : "  I hope this letter finds you well and in a safe place , if there is such a thing in this world . ... You are a delight to my life and my heart . You are the future and I feel that you will make a better world . "	Soldier remembers kind stranger who wrote him letters of encouragement Army 1st Sgt. Brian Vasquez says he would do anything for Granny Dot Dorothy Landgraf wrote hundreds of letters every month from 1991 to 2003 She says the soldiers are important and she is patriotic
CNN  -- Misinformation can spread quickly on Twitter , each retweet exposing it to wider audiences and even resulting in real world impacts . On Tuesday , hackers took over the Associated Press Twitter account and falsely claimed that there had been explosions at the White House and that the president was hurt . The tweet was up for a few minutes and retweeted more than 3,000 times before Twitter took the account offline . The AP immediately confirmed the news was not true , but the tweet was up long enough to send a shudder through the stock market , which plunged 143 points before recovering . Real tweets have the power to end careers , cause diplomatic tensions , fuel a revolution and find a kidney . Fake tweets can have the same ripple effects , and damage control is difficult . There is no way to edit or append a correction to a tweet , and once it has been retweeted , those 140 characters take on a life of their own . A follow-up tweet with the correct information might not be seen by the same people . "  You want to respond as quickly as possible . Deleting the tweet is a good approach , but even if you delete it it 's obviously already out there , " said social media expert Krista Neher . The AP incident is not the first time a tweet has influenced markets . In August 2012 , an Italian journalist set up a fake Twitter account for a member of Russia 's government and tweeted that the president of Syria had been killed , causing brief fluctuations in the oil markets . The journalist was an experienced Twitter hoaxer , having previously posted fake tweets about the death of the pope and Fidel Castro and established a number fake accounts for world leaders . He claimed he did it to prove how unreliable social media is for getting accurate news . A tweet does n't just trigger financial panic , it can also strain diplomatic relations , as the U.S. Embassy in Cairo found out in April when the official Twitter account posted a link to a Daily Show segment critical of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi . In March , someone posing as the U.S. ambassador to Moscow tweeted a criticism of the Russian presidential election process , which was picked up by the news media in Russia before it was revealed as a hoax . The U.S. government responded with official statements in both incidents . "  The speed at which information spreads is so much quicker than it used to be , and Twitter is such a big part of that , " said Neher . That was painfully evident late Thursday night during the manuhunt in Boston . A tweet mistakenly named a missing Brown University student as one of the suspects . Twitter latched on to the name and many users assumed it was true even though it had n't been confirmed by authorities . A faulty tweet also can have a negative impact on community or a family . Late last year a New Jersey teenager posted a plea for help on Twitter saying there was an intruder in her house and asking people to call 911 . The tweet went viral as friends and strangers expressed genuine concern for her safety  though no one on Twitter actually called 911  . But it was quickly discovered that there was no home invasion . The teen had run away from home and was later spotted on security cameras buying a train ticket to New York City . The fast-moving , viral nature of Twitter has its perils , but it can also be used for good . Twitter highlights the impact of single tweets in its Twitter Stories series , tracking Tweets that go viral and result in positive impacts and happy endings .	A fake tweet can spread across the social network and into the real world quickly One tweet from a hacked AP account resulted in a dip in the stock market There is no way to edit or take back a tweet and deleting is ineffective once it is in the wild
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The sleek , dark wood has all the characteristics of endangered mahogany from Peru 's Amazon rainforest . Kebony is targeting decking manufacturers and boat builders as potential clients of its modified sustainable wood . In reality , it was manufactured in Norway , in a five-day process that instills all the qualities of rare , tropical hardwood into sustainable softwood . The company that makes it , Kebony , says it comes with none of the environmental cost . "  This is a mega turn , people have to act , " Kebony CEO Christian Jebsen told CNN . "  We have a green solution for the tropical wood market and we are there to take that market or at least be part of it . " Christian Jebsen talks to CNN " The global market for wood products from tropical forests is estimated to be worth some $ 20 billion each year , according to the International Tropical Timber Organization . Most of the wood on the world market now comes from Southeast Asia and Africa , according to the Rainforest Foundation Norway . Tighter controls on logging in Brazil have reduced the amount of hardwood being shipped out of the Amazon , once a popular source for the finest quality mahogany , teak and cedar . "  Each tree is worth maybe $ 25,000 - $ 40,000 on the international market . And there are lots of trees being taken out -LSB- worldwide -RSB- -- so this is a large business , a huge business , " said Lars Lvold , director of the Rainforest Foundation Norway . The United Nations estimates some 13 million hectares of forest are lost worldwide each year , equivalent to an area the size of Greece or Nicaragua . Their absence is said to contribute more carbon emissions each year than the global transport sector . Demand for luxury hardwood is by no means the main cause of deforestation . Clearing land for agriculture and the collection of wood for fuel are the main drivers , but Lvold said the lucrative market for hardwood provides a compelling incentive for loggers to move into previously untouched areas . "  Almost all deforestation starts with the logging , " Lvold told CNN . "  The logging does n't necessarily end up in the total clearance of an area , it just opens up the area , it takes out all the valuable trees and makes it much easier . " Kebony 's move into the global wood market follows more than a decade of research started in the late 1990s by Canadian scientist Marc Schneider of the University of New Brunswick . Rigorous testing took place before the first trial production in 2004 . Strong demand for the product convinced the company to build a new plant with ten times the production capacity , which opened in January . "  What we are doing with our technology is to permanently transform the wood so it does n't change . Our process is 100 percent environmentally friendly , " Jebsen told CNN . The process involves injecting softwood with a patented formula which includes Furfuryl alcohol , a waste by-product of sugar cane production . The wood is then subjected to pressure , heated and dried before being cured at high temperatures to create a product that the company says is stronger , more stable than untreated softwood and weather-proof . Kebony 's environmental credentials have been endorsed with the receipt of the Nordic region 's eco-label , the Swan . It 's also received Norway 's national environmental prize , the "  Glass Bear . " On a cost basis , the company says it can compete with the price of authentic teak on the European market . "  You can buy a cubic meter of teak in Europe for anything between 3,000 euros  $ 4,000  up to 10,000 euros  $ 14,000  , depending on the quality . I would say we are competitive with that , " Jebsen said . Kebony is "  slightly more expensive " when compared to pressure-treated wood , but it does n't contain any of the potentially harmful metals or pesticides that are commonly used to improve the wood 's durability . Jebsen sees some of the company 's best opportunities in the boat-building industry , where rare teak from Myanmar is being used at the luxury end of the market . "  We believe multiple boat manufacturers will start to use Kebony very soon -- some have already started , " he said . The company is also planning a move into the U.S. decking market where it 's scouting for clients and recruiting distributors . "  The U.S. decking market , which is using toxic impregnated , metal-based wood modification methods , together with tropical wood , is -LSB- worth -RSB- about five billion dollars , so the market is obviously enormous , " Jebsen said .	Norwegian company has developed eco-friendly way to simulate hardwood Kebony uses sustainable wood including maple , pine and beech Wood is treated to give it the same look , performance as tropical hardwood Product widely used in Norway , now the company is expanding internationally
CNN  -- The NFL markets the Super Bowl as the ultimate game , the ultimate contest . Helmets clash like gladiators in ancient Rome . Stadiums resemble coliseums -- especially those without a roof . The contest is macho all the way . Players talk about "  manning up "  not a reference to the quarterback family  and other testosterone-leaning terms . Other than a few party-oriented commercials , football is marketed toward men . It 's a guy thing , and we ladies are allowed in if we know either when to cheer or how to bring the cheer . Or so the stereotype goes . So it used to be . But no more . According to Nielsen demographic data , 46 % of the Super Bowl viewing audience is female , and more women watch the game than the Oscars , Grammys and Emmys combined . That perhaps surprising statistic raises two questions : Why ? And , so what ? History of the Super Bowl : By the numbers Why do women watch the game ? Now , we know that women attended the gladiator fights and chariot races in ancient Rome . But today , it may be more than just the blood sport . Many women are into sports for the same reasons men are : They enjoy the competition . It 's entertaining . The tailgating before . The excitement during . The celebrating  or commiserating  after . Lots of action . But a lot of women are football fans because it 's a family thing . My father was a lifelong Saints fan , and I 'm proud to carry on the family tradition . Lionel Brazile has got to be beaming , knowing I 'm going to my second Super Bowl . He would have loved to hear my stories . Maybe I 'll tell him one or two while I 'm praying . There are lots of studies about the different ways men and women bond , so I find it interesting how the bonding intersects around Super Bowl time . For women , the score is important if our team is playing . But whether we 're watching at home or at the stadium , it 's about being there and being with -- family and friends . For the men , it 's also about sharing -- but I suspect it 's about sharing the competition , vicariously . But as long as it 's a good game , and brings people together for a positive experience , it does n't matter why . There is a "  so what , " though -- a practical economic side to women 's interest in The Big Game . She-conomy . com reports that "  women influence the majority of consumer spending across all categories . " On the line of scrimmage : Football and politics For advertisers and businesses , Super Bowl Sunday should be a prime time to focus on women . Sadly , according to a recent article in adweek.com , advertisers have fumbled the ball . "  In 2013 we saw waitresses turned strippers , scantily clad women tackling each other in the dirt , and a supermodel sloppily kissing a computer programmer , " said writer Kat Gordon . This turns off men as well as women . So if businesses want their Super Bowl commercials to be part of the event , instead of an excuse to check the fridge , they 'd better pay attention to the numbers -- and I do n't mean the Roman numerals . And while they are at it , they should seriously consider taking it one step further and using the Super Bowl -- the most watched sports event of the year -- to promote awareness around issues facing women today . Use this testosterone-saturated event , for instance , to make clear that while testosterone-driven violence might be entertaining on the field , it does n't belong in the bedroom . Use the Super Bowl to do more than determine the best football team of the year . Use it to help end one of the most prevalent crimes of the century -- violence again women . Use it as a warm-up for the One Billion Rising event on February 14 , in which more than a billion people worldwide will rise to support justice for women . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	According to Nielsen data , 46 % of the Super Bowl viewing audience is female Is it the spectacle of the battle or a chance to spend time with the family ? Advertisers now know the audience , and cater to the female viewer
CNN  -- The Achilles heel of America 's policy against terrorism is its failure to counter the narratives that inspire individuals to become extremists and terrorists . That 's why -- despite the skill and numerous successes of our military , intelligence and law enforcement agencies -- the type of tragic events seen most recently with the stabbings of soldiers in London and outside Paris , and the April bombing of the Boston Marathon , will continue to occur . We 're failing to use a key weapon that needs to be used . There 's no question that the United States has been extremely effective tactically against al Qaeda and other terrorist groups since 9/11 . Our military , intelligence and law enforcement agencies have done what they were charged with doing , from routing them in Afghanistan to hunting down Osama bin Laden to thwarting plots against New York . But this is n't enough . For as long as extremists are able to attract new recruits , they 'll keep producing replacements for those killed or apprehended and the battle will never end . This is why the strategic tool known as "  countering violent extremism , " or CVE , has to be used alongside special operations , drones and other weapons . As an FBI Special Agent , I interrogated dozens of senior terrorists . It quickly became clear that part of al Qaeda 's effectiveness in gaining recruits was in their tailoring their rhetoric and their messenger to the personality , location and likely local grievances of their target . Extremists wo n't use a Yemeni railing about U.S. "  crimes " in Iraq to try to appeal to American-Somali youths in Minnesota . They 'll find someone with as close a background as possible , and who understands grievances that resonate , such as foreign powers intervening in Somalia 's affairs . Once a person is recruited they are indoctrinated with the group 's counterculture . Asymmetrical groups like al Qaeda often develop their own countercultures , with certain religious texts , events and a consciousness that allows them to in many ways create their own religion within Islam . It is n't an ideology . That 's factually inaccurate and gives it undeserved credit . It 's a false narrative . As I travel around the world today , I 've seen how that counterculture , once centered in Afghanistan and Pakistan , has worryingly spread to places like Nigeria and Southeast Asia . Its spread is helped by today 's new technological tools : Recruitment is not just happening in training camps and in secret meeting rooms , but in Internet chat rooms and through social media . That has been a major factor in the increase in homegrown terrorism in the West , seen horrifically on May 22 on the streets of London and April 15 at the Boston Marathon . In his recent speech on terrorism , President Obama told the nation that the values the United States holds will ultimately defeat the terrorists . This will be the case as long as we take the steps to effectively deploy our message . We need to counter extremists in the same manner that they recruit : Targeting extremists with the ideal medium , messenger and message . A mistake the United States has been making to date is in repeatedly making broad gestures toward the Muslim world and the U.S. Muslim community , making the argument that the United States is a friend . These broad messages do n't have an impact on those who need to be targeted . The United States is working on developing a CVE program , but it has mistakenly spread the domestic portfolio across a range of agencies , from the Department of Education to the FBI . This makes it difficult to have a clear and effective strategy , and also hampers efforts : Charging law enforcement with both collecting intelligence on suspected extremists as well as handling community engagement programs creates natural conflicts and means that neither job can be done effectively . The ideal situation is one in which the federal government provides support to local efforts to deal with local extremists and recruitment factors , not by imposing a strategy dictated from Washington . This requires local communities -- whether in New York or in Sana'a , Yemen -- to step up and take the lead in increasing the resiliency of their communities against these groups by identifying what the extremist narratives are and where they 're spreading -- and then by countering them . When people are being recruited because of alleged local or tribal grievances , it is community leaders who are the best messengers to counter that narrative . When it 's a distortion of Islam , it 's the duty of religious leaders to take the lead . Sometimes it 's former extremists , who have taken the same path and have credibility , who can be the most effective messengers . The best CVE programs , such as Singapore 's , do this . They have a focused aim of reducing the pool of potential recruits and the appeal of violence , and they target accordingly . When done correctly , CVE should not be an excuse for broad social work or for anthropological studies ; it 's a focused counterterrorism weapon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Soufan .	U.S. has been effective tactically vs. al Qaeda , since 9/11 , says Ali Soufan He says tragic events such as the Boston bombing keep happening Soufan : We need to craft narratives to counter the ones terrorists are using to recruit
Gold medals are the pinnacle of achievement for the 26 Olympic sports contested at the Games . Athletes get one shot every four years to make history : but time , dedication , guile and application must combine for the opportunity to be seized . Sometimes , however , even this is not enough to be crowned the world 's best . Visualize running the race of your life as part of a four-man relay team , being acknowledged as winners to the world but never receiving the coveted medallion of precious medal . Imagine this happened 12 years ago to a team from a nation that has only ever won two gold medals previously and that , despite the official nature of the result , the wait goes on . Picture that in the intervening time , between the event and the present day , you have buried one of your teammates , a man who died at the age of 42 without ever touching the gold he rightfully won . This is the story of Nigeria 's 4 x 400m runner Jude Monye . Monye was born in Onicha-Ugbo , Delta State , Nigeria and ran the 400m in 45.16 at his prime at the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg . His talent was so prodigious as a youth he won a scholarship to train and study in the United States at the University of Mississippi and , after an injury-plagued experience at the Atlanta Games of 1996 , then qualified to run for his nation again at Sydney 2000 . And it was in Australia that Monye , running in the Nigerian relay team of Clement Chukwu , Sunday Bada and Enefiok Udo-Obong , reached his zenith of performance on the track . The greatest "  That relay team was the greatest , " Monye , 38 , told CNN , at "  Nigeria House " a theater close to the Olympic Park in East London , themed in all things west African for the duration of the 2012 Games . "  Previously there had always been a weak member in the relay team , but when myself and Clement joined Sunday , and then Enefiok came into the side , we knew we were strong . We knew something special could happen . " The tale of Nigeria 's only gold medal in the 4 x 400m is one as packed with drama as it is delays . Going into the race , the Nigerians had reason to feel pleased with their performance so far . For a nation that had never won a medal in the 400m -- its two other golds came from football and long jump in 1996 -- the team won their semifinal to book a place in lane four . In lane five , the outright favorites , Team USA : Antonio Pettigrew , Alvin and Calvin Harrison and anchored by one of America 's greatest ever sprinters Michael Johnson , who had already taken gold in the individual 400m . Monye would race the second leg against Pettigrew . "  On the day of the final , I woke up feeling relaxed and thought ' I feel good , let 's see what happens . ' All the attention from our sports ministry was on the women 's team , they were thought to be the big medal hope , nobody really paid attention to us . "  And we only got the fifth fastest time in the semifinals , remember , but we had trust in ourselves . We knew we could deliver . " Nigeria were in fifth when Monye clasped the baton for the second leg . By the final meter , Udo-Obong had dipped his head into second place with an overall time of 2:58.68 . "  It was the race of our lives , " Monye told CNN . "  It 's the best 4 x 400m I ever ran , and we still hold the African record . " While the runners from the most populous nation in Africa beat Jamaica to second , the Americans topped the podium and had gold medals draped around their necks , a crowning glory for the team and Johnson -- a winner in the individual 200m and 400m in Sydney -- in particular.But the golds would have a restless destiny . Dope and displaced gold In 2004 the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  ruled that Jerome Young , an American sprinter who ran for the States in the 4 x 400 semifinal , had been ineligible to compete , a decision that would see the medals taken from the quartet and the result erased from the record books . Under appeal , the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  overturned the ruling and allowed the USA to keep their medals , but not for long . For in May 2008 , in the trial of former running coach Trevor Graham , Pettigrew testified he had used performance enhancing drugs  EPO and human growth hormone  under Graham 's tutelage during the Sydney Games . Graham was subsequently sentenced to one-year 's house arrest for perjury while Pettigrew suffered a two-year ban from competition . In the wake of the admission both Pettigrew and Johnson returned their gold medals voluntarily to the IOC in June of that year , before the Olympic Committee confirmed the American abrogation . Their decision came within a whisker of breaching the "  statute limitations " of 8 years , after which there is no legal basis for retrospective change to such results . "  For eight years I could say I was a five-time Olympic gold medalist . Then I had to start saying four-time . It does n't sound the same , " an angry Johnson told British newspaper The Daily Telegraph in July , 2012 . Pettigrew committed suicide in 2010 . The golds were no longer in the possession of the USA runners , but they still were far from the Nigerians ' grasp . The long wait ... Four more years passed -- while the IOC waited to see if any further information would surface from American doping investigations -- before the body 's executive board to award the gold medals to the west Africans . On July 20 , 2012 as the IOC convened ahead of the London Games , Nigeria were proclaimed gold medal winners of the Sydney Olympics ' 4x400m relay . Sadly , the decision came too late for Bada , who died suddenly , of a suspected cardiac arrest , in December 2011 , after collapsing at the National Stadium in Lagos . "  The day before he died I called him to talk about the medals , so it 's sad we 've lost him . The IOC should have made this a priority , it 's very frustrating , " Monye said . "  It was sad we did n't get to hear the Nigerian national anthem during the Olympics , but especially for my friend Sunday . He 's not here to get the medal . That in itself is sad . " According to Monye , the three remaining athletes are still unaware of how and when the medals will be given to them . "  I 'm disappointed in the IOC and the Nigerian Olympic Committee  NOC  . I spoke to the Nigerian sports minister last week and he said to me ` Congratulations Jude , when are you getting your gold medal ? ' I said ` Sir , you 're asking me ? ' I 've heard nothing since . "  It would have been nice to get our medals in the stadium in London , but I 'm not sure this has happened in the Olympics before . This is very rare , so there is no protocol . " In response the IOC told CNN in a statement : "  The presentation of the medals falls under the remit of the NOC , we suggest that you contact the Nigeria Olympic Committee directly for further details . " When CNN did , Tunde Popoola -- the Secretary General of the Nigerian Olympic Committee said : "  We can not respond to the questions raised at this time . " Though doubt remains over when Monye , Udo-Obong and Chukwu will receive their coveted prize , the meaning it will have to those involved and a nation of avid athletics fans does not . "  Nigeria loves the Olympics especially track and field , it would mean so much for the country . The medal could now be dedicated to Bada and we 're hoping his son could pick up the medal for him instead . "	Nigeria 's 4 x 400m team were awarded victory when Team USA 's gold was rescinded Antonio Pettigrew , of Team USA , admitted doping during the Sydney Olympics in 2008 The Nigerian athletes have still yet to be given their gold medals won in 2000 Former 400m runner and member of Nigerian relay team Sunday Bada died in 2011
CNN  -- A top trainer in the fabled Tennessee walking horse industry has pleaded guilty to a charge of cruelty to animals and has been banned for life from the most important horse show for the breed . Jackie McConnell had been charged with 52 counts of violating the Horse Protection Act but pleaded guilty to only one in a plea agreement with federal prosecutors in Chattanooga . The charges stemmed from a graphic undercover video made by a Humane Society of the United States investigator that shows McConnell and his stable hands at Whitter Stables of Collierville subjecting show horses to practices that were banned 40 years ago . The video shows horses being struck with sticks and subjected to "  soring , " an illegal process in which chemicals are placed on their lower legs in an effort to induce the signature Tennessee walking horse high-stepping gait known as the "  big lick . " According to the indictment , "  soring is a cruel and inhumane practice used to accentuate a horse 's gait in order to gain a competitive edge in horse shows . " Chemicals and other irritants on a horse 's ankles and forelegs cause it to lift its front feet and shift its weight unnaturally to the hind legs in order to relieve the pain . McConnell and the other trainers applied a thick , yellowish substance called "  the balm " on the front pasterns of a horse named Moody Star , the court documents said . The horse was seen in the video picking up his feet in pain . Later , McConnell rubbed castor oil on the back of Moody Star 's pasterns to "  peel off skin . " Moody Star was later taken to a show , and documents for the horse were falsified , prosecutors said . Other horses were similarly abused . The Humane Society said its investigator documented "  stewarding " -- training a horse not to react to pain during official show inspections of their legs for soreness -- by striking them in the head when they flinch during mock inspections . The video also shows a writhing horse being subjected to a whip at McConnell 's barn . Another receives an electric shock to the head . "  The video showed the horses , in obvious pain , which appear to be having trouble standing and being whipped until they did stand , " prosecutors said in the plea agreement Tuesday . McConnell 's staff -- Jeff Dockery , John Mays and Joseph Abernathy -- were also charged . Mays and Abernathy have also pleaded guilty . Dockery has a plea hearing in June . Soring "  has been an open secret in Tennessee for years , " said Jonathan Lovvorn , senior vice president for litigation and investigations with the Humane Society . The video was filmed in spring 2011 by an investigator who worked two months as a stable hand at McConnell 's barn , according to the Humane Society . It was first featured last week on the ABC News program "  Nightline . " It raised questions of how pervasive the training techniques are despite recent prosecutions and investigations by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which enforces the Horse Protection Act . "  There obviously is a huge problem , " Lovvorn said . "  In the competition to get this unnatural gait , trainers are using banned substances to cheat . " The walking horse gait , known for its smoothness , was originally devised for Southern plantation owners to inspect their lands in comfort . Horse show judges value the exaggerated gait , and shows in Tennessee and elsewhere annually draw thousands of spectators . The Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration said its actions against McConnell were unprecedented . He was suspended for life , is banned from entering the organization 's grounds and was removed from its Hall of Fame . "  This action is the strongest we can take and it clearly reflects our disgust with the actions of Mr. McConnell , " said Doyle Meadows , CEO of the organization . "  His actions are not reflective of the Tennessee walking horse industry , and we in no way want him associated with our show . " PepsiCo said last week it was pulling its sponsorship of this summer 's Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration . Asked if the sponsorship decision was in response to the 2011 video , PepsiCo spokesman Vincent Bozek said , "  That 's all we 're saying . " The decision was made Wednesday . The president of a Tennessee horse industry organization , condemning the "  disturbing " video , told CNN there is a stringent inspection process at shows . "  I think it 's sad that a corporation like Pepsi would go out because of the action of one person and one training barn , " said Stephen Mullins of S.H.O.W. Lovvorn told CNN the Humane Society shared the video and results of its investigation with federal prosecutors before the indictment was returned earlier this year . McConnell will be sentenced on September 10 . He faces a maximum five-year prison sentence and a $ 250,000 fine . Mays and Abernathy face up to a year in prison and a $ 3,000 fine . In separate cases , a seven-month investigation by the U.S. Department of Agriculture resulted in at least four other Tennessee men being sentenced this year for horse soring violations . One defendant sentenced to 12 months in prison and a $ 4,000 fine described how chemical irritants , chains , bolts and other devices were used to bring about the exaggerated gait . "  He stressed the pervasiveness of soring in the gaited horse industry and testified that horses ` have got to be sored to walk , ' " according to a news release from the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee . S.H.O.W. , certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture , handles inspections of Tennessee horses at events . Mullins , a retired equine veterinarian , said self-regulation by the industry has led to three lifetime and 150 one-year suspensions for soring and other violations of the Horse Protection Act . Trainers should n't rely on soring to train horses to hit the "  big lick , " said Mullins , acknowledging that the industry still has problems . "  I was given one charge  task  . Get rid of the sore horse . I think we are well on our way . " One painless training technique , he said , is to fit pads , about 3 inches tall , below the horse 's hoof . "  It can change the way the horse lands on its foot , " according to Mullins . "  It requires him to exaggerate and keep his foot up for a longer period of time . " S.H.OW . 's oversight , however , does not extend to training facilities and barns . "  Soring is a way to take a horse that is not very good ... to make him look good , " Mullins said . "  Do I think it goes on around the trainers who show routinely with me ? No sir , I do not believe it does . "	Jackie McConnell was charged with 52 counts of violation of the Horse Protection Act An undercover video showed him subjecting show horses to banned practices "  Soring " inflicts pain and induces the signature gait of walking horses McConnell was banned for life from the most important walking horse show
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's Board of Health did not have the authority to approve a ban on certain sales of sugar-sweetened beverages larger than 16 ounces , according to a lawsuit filed Friday by a group of business owners and workers . The suit from the American Beverage Association and other business and trade associations states that the city 's unelected Board of Health overstepped its power when it voted for the ban to be implemented . "  This board has the authority to enforce policy , not the authority to enact it , " said Caroline Starke , a spokeswoman for the plaintiffs . "  That power is reserved for the City Council . " The lawsuit also claims that "  the regulation is arbitrary and capricious , " is filled with irrational exclusions and loopholes , and harms thousands of small businesses in the city . The Board of Health was not immediately available for comment Friday . The ban , which was approved last month , would outlaw drinks larger than 16 ounces at restaurants , food carts and any other establishments that receive letter grades for food service . It would not apply to grocery stores . It is scheduled to go into effect in March . Critics , including McDonald 's and Coca-Cola , have assailed the ban as "  misguided " and "  arbitrary , " though Mayor Michael Bloomberg has billed it as both a health and fiscal initiative . New York City spends an estimated $ 4 billion each year on medical care for overweight people , Bloomberg has said . One in eight New Yorkers also suffers from diabetes , a disease often linked to obesity , his office noted , calling sugary drinks "  the single largest driver of these alarming increases in obesity . " New York health board approves ban on large sodas	The Board of Health overstepped its authority in approving the ban , lawsuit says "  The regulation is arbitrary and capricious , " the lawsuit says The ban on large sugary drinks was approved last month
Pangkalan Bun , Indonesia  CNN  A 10-minute warning sounds and everyone jumps into action . More bodies are on the way . Red Cross and hospital workers run to the front of the hospital in Pangkalan Bun , not even certain how many victims are coming . Sirens then announce the arrival of the remains of two innocent souls lost on AirAsia Flight QZ8501 . Unfortunately , this little town in Indonesia 's central Kalimantan Province has become the focal point for the recovery of bodies and debris from the airliner , which failed to complete its journey from Surabaya , the country 's second-biggest city , to Singapore on Sunday . Orange body bags are loaded onto gurneys and rushed to a separate , private wing of the hospital . The unmistakeable smell of death lingers long after the victims have passed . Their bodies are then cleaned and treated with chemicals to preserve them . It must be a gruesome and heartbreaking job . Identification This is where the initial identification effort begins . Hospital staff assess gender , height , identifying marks and any clothing . But as time passes , the most obvious test -- facial recognition -- becomes increasingly difficult . "  Because they have been in the water some days , the bodies are bloated , but otherwise intact , " says Suyuti Syamsul , director at the Sultan Imanuddin Hospital . He 's been at the hospital 24 hours a day , he tells CNN , to ensure the bodies are afforded the respect they deserve . This hospital is not equipped for a tragedy on this scale . They usually have three morticians . They now have 40 staff and 20 volunteers focused on treating the bodies . The facility 's other patients look on at the growing tragedy that has unfolded in this small town . Temporary caskets are being hastily made , some literally around the corner from where the bodies are being prepared . Respect Syamsul says they will have 162 coffins , one for each victim of the doomed flight . He says they are paying the victims every respect possible . Representatives of six different religions pray over the bodies before they leave . The victim 's religion may not be known , but customs must still be observed . "  Their time on earth is over , " says Pastor Sirdjon Palace . "  So many of our prayers are for the family . We ask God to receive their bodies and give the families strength . " A further six bodies arrived at Sultan Imanuddin hospital throughout Friday . Suyuti says 14 bodies have now come through the hospital so far . As the victims ' remains are transported out by ambulance to be flown to Surabaya -- for formal identification by distraught families -- the hospital team takes a breath but just for a moment . The search , to the south of Pangkalan Bun , is slow going , hampered by rough seas , which complicate the job done by divers . With only ten victims recovered from the Java sea so far , there remain many more that will come through these gates , to be tended to by the small but dedicated group of workers here . On standby 24 hours a day , just waiting for the next ten-minute warning .	Red Cross and hospital workers in Pangkalan Bun , Indonesia receive bodies from downed airliner Hospital director says many of the victims are intact despite being found in the water Remains to be transported to Surabaya for formal identification by relatives
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel partially reopened access to the Temple Mount for Muslim prayers Friday , a day after taking a rare step of closing it amid Israeli-Palestinian tensions following the shooting of a controversial rabbi and subsequent killing of a suspect . Midday access to the site , which includes the al-Aqsa Mosque , was granted only to men ages 50 and above , as well as to women -- restrictions that Israeli police said were meant to prevent demonstrations by young Muslim men . About 4,000 people attended midday prayers at the mosque , police said , down from thousands more that are normally seen around noon on the Muslim holy day of Friday . Police presence also was beefed up , with about 3,000 officers in and around the Old City and East Jerusalem . Thursday 's closure of the Temple Mount -- the first in more than a decade -- infuriated Palestinians , with a spokesman for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas calling it a "  declaration of war . " The scene Friday at the mosque was largely peaceful , with people praying quietly , police said . The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest site in Islam . Jews call it the Temple Mount , and Muslims know it as Haram al-Sharif  the Noble Sanctuary  . Closure came after Wednesday shootings Israeli police said they closed the Temple Mount on Thursday "  to prevent disturbances " after the drive-by shooting of controversial activist Rabbi Yehuda Glick on Wednesday night . Israeli police shot and killed a suspect in Glick 's shooting Wednesday night . An Israeli counterterror unit surrounded the house of the unnamed suspect in the shooting , police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said on Twitter . He said the man opened fire on police , who shot and killed him . Glick is an advocate of Jewish access to Jerusalem 's fiercely contested holy sites . After he gave a presentation in Jerusalem on Wednesday night , a man on a motorcycle shot him . Rosenfeld described the attack on Glick as an "  attempted assassination . " The rabbi was undergoing an abdominal operation for intestinal issues Friday afternoon and was in serious but stable condition , said Dr. Ofer Merkin , head of the trauma unit at Shaare Zedek hospital . Ofir Gendelman , the Israeli Prime Minister 's spokesman for Arab media , tweeted that Thursday 's Temple Mount closure was "  temporary & meant to prevent riots & escalation as well as to to restore calm and status quo to the Holy Places . " The closure did n't sit well with Palestinians . Presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeineh told CNN that the decision to close off the site was a "  brazen challenge " and "  grave behavior " that would lead to "  further tensions and instability . " Earlier , Rudeineh told the WAFA news agency , the official Palestinian news service , that Israel 's act was a "  declaration of war on the Palestinian people , Palestinian religious sites and a declaration of war on both the Arab and Islamic states . " Contested site The site , with its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , is said to have hosted sacred events in both the Jewish and Muslim religions . Rabbinic sages say that God gathered dust from the spot to create Adam , the first man , before setting him loose in the Garden of Eden . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount also contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant , which was said to contain the tablets on which God wrote the Ten Commandments . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the Jerusalem site during his miraculous Night Journey , said Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . "  It 's all about al-Aqsa , " said Khan . "  That 's why all Muslims are sympathetic to the Palestinian cause . " According to Islamic tradition , the Night Journey took Mohammed to the same Jerusalem rock on which Abraham nearly sacrificed his son , where the Muslim founder led Abraham , Moses and Jesus in prayers as the last of God 's prophets . That rock is now said to sit in the Dome of the Rock , whose golden roof gleams above the Old City skyline . Since its construction in the seventh century , the Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews . In the 1980s , Jewish radicals plotted to blow up the Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa , believing that it would lead to a spiritual revolution and usher in the Messiah . In 2000 , the Second Intifada -- a 5-year-long Palestinian uprising -- was sparked , Palestinians say , after Ariel Sharon , then a candidate for Israeli prime minister , visited the compound surrounding al-Aqsa . Sharon insisted that his visit was not intended to provoke Palestinians , but many saw it as an attempt to underline Israel 's claim to Jerusalem 's holy sites . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Holly Yan reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Daniel Burke and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	At midday Friday , the site was open only to men ages 50 and older and to women Israel closed the Temple Mount , which includes al-Aqsa Mosque , on Thursday after two shootings Rabbi Yehuda Glick was shot and hospitalized in serious condition Police say they shot and killed a suspect in the shooting after he fired at them
OPRAH.com  -- Allow me to introduce myself . I am a gainfully employed , God-fearing , law-abiding citizen , and I come in peace . I do n't bet on baseball , I take excellent care of my gums , I keep my tray table locked and upright from takeoff to landing . Oh , and there 's one more thing : I am what is commonly referred to in polite society as "  an unmarried woman . " Truth be told , I now have a boyfriend and a baby girl -- it 's all very modern -- but much of my 30s involved ostensibly concerned bystanders averting their eyes , asking how many cats I own , and sharing their private theories on where it all went so hideously wrong for me . Ah , yes , I remember it well . And when I start to forget , I still have plenty of single girlfriends in various states of angst to remind me of the grotesque fix-ups , the ham-handed remarks , and the brutal Thanksgiving dinners . For those valiant , traumatized souls , I present my list of the ten things one must never say , think , or do when dealing with a single woman over the age of 35 . 1 . Hey , cousin Christy , how ` bout we break with tradition and dispense with that bridal bouquet toss ? Believe it or not , it 's actually a touch degrading to be shoved front and center next to your spinster aunt Mitzi from Winnipeg as a roomful of revelers hopped up on Champagne and jumbo shrimp chant , "  You 're next , you 're next . " 2 . The word picky -- as in "  the reason you refuse to meet my podiatrist 's brother-in-law for a night of miniature golf is that you 're too picky " -- is not only offensive , it 's inaccurate . Hell , I 'd have dated Ted Bundy if he were willing to meet in a well-lit , public place . No , I suspect it was your description of his "  slight comb-over " and "  profound desire to one day shake Dick Cheney 's hand " that made me release that "  catch " back into the wilds of New Jersey . Oprah.com : The number one thing to look for in a partner 3 . Do n't confuse being unmarried with being 11 . My love of SpongeBob-shaped macaroni and cheese notwithstanding , I never wanted to sit at the children 's table . Nor did I want to ride in the backseat with your darling toddler , his pet tarantula , his Spider-Man glitter glue , and his melting Fudgsicle . 4 . Kindly stop filling every conversational lull by announcing how much you love "  Will & Grace . " Being single is not the same thing as being gay , just as being married is not proof of being straight ... but I 'll cover that concept more fully in my upcoming "  Uncle Barry 's Very Special Surprise " article . Oprah.com : How to break the ice with anyone 5 . Has anybody out there noticed that the institution of matrimony is falling apart faster than Courtney Love on a can of Red Bull ? Now , I honestly do n't care if your marriage is so gothic in its dysfunction that it makes the couple from "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? " look like Will and Jada -- I 'm not here to judge . All I ask is that you quit judging me . Perhaps we 're not suffering a fear of intimacy as much as a fear of being trapped in a crummy marriage . 6 . Remember that little factoid you used to bandy about -- you know , the one where 40-year-old women have a greater chance of being shot by terrorists than of making it to the altar ? Then you may also recall that Susan Faludi refuted that myth 14 years ago . So , okay , Ms. Faludi is probably rethinking that  thanks a lot , Osama !  , but you do n't have to rub it in . 7 . Enough with the "  constructive " criticism already . We live in a world of stunning technological advancement , but it remains physically impossible to wear your heart on your sleeve and be emotionally distant , dress like a slut and a librarian , try much too hard and not make any real effort . 8 . New rule : You may discuss everything from the fall of the Roman Empire to the rise of Rem Koolhaas with your single friend . But her uterus , ovaries , entire reproductive system are off-limits . Sending clippings about a 74-year-old Ukrainian woman who just gave birth to triplets along with a peppy little "  Keep hope alive ! " Post-it note will do irreparable damage to your relationship and -- if the woman is particularly resourceful -- may even get your tires slashed . 9 . Here 's a phrase that must never , ever cross your lips : "  Let me tell you why a terrific gal like you is still single ... " Because that terrific gal is then likely to explain in dark and visceral detail what happened to the last gentleman who uttered those very words -- and , trust me , you really do n't want to know . 10 . I 've looked at single life from both sides now , and here 's what I think : Single women are not Sarah Jessica Parker in "  Sex and the City " any more than they 're Glenn Close in "  Fatal Attraction . " For one thing , very few have Manolo Blahniks in their closets . For another , very few have sex with Michael Douglas in their kitchens . They sometimes get lonely , frustrated , they sometimes get flat-out goofy . They are human beings -- tickle them and they laugh , prick them and they bleed , offer them chocolate and they eat ... . In other words , they 're pretty much like all the married women I know . Oprah.com : 4 ways to talk so people listen By Lisa Kogan from Oprah.com  2010 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Columnist Lisa Kogan says please do n't say these things to single women Dangerous to say , "  Let me tell you why a terrific gal like you is still single ... " Do n't tell them they 're too picky for not wanting to date guy you 've described Do n't give them constuctive criticism or insinuate that they are gay
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Former Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra is no longer in military custody , according to a highly placed source in the junta that took over Thailand in a coup d'etat last week . A source close to Yingluck also confirmed to CNN that she was released from a military camp . The former prime minister was ordered to report to the military junta , the National Council for Peace and Order , on Friday . More than 100 others , including politicians and activists , have also been summoned . The armed forces seized power in a coup Thursday after months of turmoil that paralyzed much of the government and caused deadly clashes in Bangkok . Yingluck was freed after she reported to the Thai military , the junta source told CNN , adding that the former prime minister was asked to "  help us maintain peace and order and not to get involved with protesters or any political movement . " The military source , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation , insisted that Yingluck has freedom of movement and communications . A close aide to the former prime minister could not confirm when Yingluck was released , and contradicted the military 's assertion that she was free to move around . "  I do n't think she has freedom of mobility and communication , " the source said . Altogether , around 150 people will be required to appear before the National Council for Peace and Order , a military spokesman said Saturday . Those summoned include academics and one of Yingluck 's chief opponents , "  Yellow Shirt " movement leader Sondhi Limthongkul . The politician suffered a gunshot wound to the head during unrest in 2009 but later recovered . "  We want to give them some time to relax and have time to think over the problem , " the spokesman said . The council wants to "  adjust their perception and make them think about the country , think about the Thai people as a whole , not just one particular group . " Street protests Bangkok was for the most part peaceful Sunday , although there was some jostling between protesters voicing their opposition to the coup and security forces . More organized protests are expected in the capital on Monday . The junta has imposed martial law , which includes a curfew , and shut out independent media reporting . CNN International 's broadcasting has been blacked out in Thailand . It also dissolved the Senate , according to a statement from the military chief read on the country 's broadcast outlets . On Saturday , a number of major TV stations were back on air , including MCOT , TPBS and NBT . Is Thailand safe for tourists ? Thai military : Think before you tweet CNN 's Kocka Olarn and Paula Hancocks reported from Bangkok and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Source close to Yingluck Shinawatra confirms she was released from military camp An aide to Yingluck contradicts junta source 's assertion that she has freedom of movement Bangkok is largely calm but more organized protests are expected Monday Thailand 's armed forces seized power in a coup Thursday
CNN  -- Bahrain lifted state of emergency laws Wednesday that had allowed for a crackdown on political leaders and journalists , but at the same time continued its crackdown on the country 's major Shiite political opposition movement and stifled the latest street protests . It filed charges against four top opposition leaders in a move that could weaken the country 's Al Wefaq party , according to two opposition sources . This came as King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa appealed for dialogue , saying that talks with opposition groups are scheduled to begin in July . The lifting of the emergency laws , imposed in mid-March , is thought to be an effort to signal an end to months of civil unrest stemming from the Arab Spring , a wave of anti-government demonstrations that started in Tunisia and have since roiled several countries in the Middle East and North Africa , including Egypt , Syria , Yemen and Bahrain . But the announcement by the country 's Information Affairs Authority followed one from the justice ministry the day before warning against "  any type of activities that could affect the security or harm the national peace and safety . " Meanwhile , protesters gathered across Bahrain , in locations including Aldiraz , Daih , Bani Jamrah , Karzakan , Abo Qowa , Duraz and Sitra , according to Nabeel Rajab , a prominent Bahraini human rights activist . Rajab said peaceful protesters were attacked by security forces with tear gas and rubber bullets , causing injuries but no deaths . The demonstrations were dispersed soon after they started , he said . The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September , filling seats vacated by members of Al Wefaq , which left parliament in protest over the crackdown . The military prosecutor in Bahrain on Tuesday summoned four top Al Wefaq leaders and presented them with charges that could result in prison terms , the two opposition sources told CNN . The sources did n't know what the charges were . It is not clear whether those opposition leaders will be permitted to take part in the September elections . If someone faces charges , they ca n't run for election or travel out of the country . The four are Sheikh Ali Salman , Wefaq 's leader , Abdul Khalil Jalil , the leader of Al Wefaq 's parliament bloc , Khalil al-Marzooq , who once was deputy leader of that bloc , and another lawmaker whose identity was not available . Two other Al Wefaq members had already been detained and another is out of the country . One of the two is Matar Ebrahim Matar . Bahrain said he is being detained based on evidence provided to the courts , but one of his relatives told CNN that family members are not aware of any charges against Matar . Protesters initially took to the streets of Manama , the capital , to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . But some have called for the removal of the royal family that has led the Persian Gulf state since the 18th century . Young members of the country 's Shiite majority have staged protests in recent years to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , issues they say the country 's Sunni rulers have done little to address . The government has since come under intense criticism by human rights groups over its detentions . Also last week , Bahrain said it had released 515 detainees imprisoned since the state of emergency went into effect . It is unclear how many people were in custody . Last week , the United States pulled its human rights officer from the U.S. Embassy in Bahrain after he became the target of a harassment campaign that senior American officials say appears to have been fanned by some hard-line members of the government . Ludovic Hood was for months the subject of threats and anti-Semitic slurs on a pro-government website and in state-sanctioned newspapers , the officials said . Hood was scheduled to leave the country this summer , as his tour of duty was coming to a close . But senior U.S. officials said the embassy sent him home several weeks early over concern for his safety .	The country lifts emergency laws imposed since mid-March Bahrain files charges against four Wefaq leaders , opposition sources say King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa appeals for dialogue with opposition groups The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September
London , England  CNN  -- British Airways passengers face the prospect of holiday season chaos after cabin crew voted to strike for almost two weeks over Christmas and New Year in protest over cost-cutting measures introduced by the airline . More than 12,500 BA employees , balloted by trade union Unite in November , voted by a 92.5 percent majority to walk out from December 22 for 12 days , Unite Deputy General Secretary Len McCluskey announced Monday . In a statement to customers on its Web site , BA said it was reworking its flight schedules for the strike period and would announce them as quickly as possible . It said it would inform affected customers by e-mail or text message . The strike ballot came after the airline introduced cost-cutting measures including a two-year pay freeze and reducing the numbers of cabin crew members on long-haul flights . BA says the changes , introduced in the wake of a record pre-tax loss of more than $ 485 million for the six months from April to September , will save the airline $ 665 million . McCluskey warned that the strike would inflict "  catastrophic damage " to the airline if it went ahead and urged British Airways bosses to return to the negotiating table . He said union members had been pushed into a corner by BA Chief Executive Willie Walsh . "  We 've been saying to Mr. Walsh this seems crazy at a time when British Airways is suffering badly through an economic downturn that he should force us into a dispute that would have catastrophic effects on the economy of the company , " McCluskey told CNN following a news conference at Sandown Racecourse , southern England . "  That 's why we 're hoping that even at this late hour the strength of feeling of our members will get through to the company . We are available 24 hours a day to meet the company . If they are up for getting an agreement I 'm confident we can get one . " McCluskey said passengers , upset at having their holiday plans disrupted , should take their anger out on the airline . McCluskey said his members were not "  mindless militants " but decent men and women who had been forced into a corner by British Airlines . But Walsh said strike action was "  completely unjustified " and called on union chiefs to resume negotiations . He said the airline had agreed pay cuts with pilots and more efficient ways of working with engineers , while a third of managers had taken voluntary redundancy . BA cut 1,900 jobs over the summer through reduced overtime , increased part-time working , and voluntary redundancies . But it plans to eliminate 3,000 more jobs by March 2010 , Walsh said last month . "  My admiration for the professionalism and skills of British Airways cabin crew is second to none . They are an absolutely vital part of our airline , and a great asset , " Walsh said . "  But they have been disgracefully misled by Unite as to how our company-wide cost reduction program would affect them . " CNN 's Richard Quest said the impact of the potential strike would be devastating for BA and said the consequences would be disruption for BA passengers and higher prices for travelers booking on other airlines . "  Their planes are heaving and they are now about to face a strike , " Quest said . "  They are going to have tens of thousands of passengers who are concerned , who are worried . I imagine anyone who is going away for Christmas is now thinking about shifting their booking if they can . " A spokesperson for ABTA , which represents travel agencies and tour operators in the UK , said passengers booked onto BA flights should wait and see what contingency plans the airline puts in place and whether the strike goes ahead . "  Hopefully the strike could be called off and if you cancel your flight now then you may not be able to claim a refund , " she said . Unite has called on the High Court to rule on whether BA 's cutbacks have breached its member 's contracts but the case is not scheduled to be heard until February 2010 .	BA cabin crew vote overwhelming for strike action over proposed cutbacks Union plans to begin action from December 22 for 12 days Union opposes cost-cutting measures including reduced crews on long-haul flights Union boss urges BA to return to negotiating table to avoid "  catastrophic damage "
CNN  -- Striker Carlos Tevez has been suspended by Manchester City after the furore surrounding his non-appearance from the substitutes ' bench during the 2-0 Champions League defeat at Bayern Munich on Tuesday . City manager Roberto Mancini slammed the Argentine international following his team 's loss at the Allianz Arena , claiming Tevez had refused to take to the pitch and would consequently not play for the club again . And , although Tevez subsequently released a statement denying the claims , City have now confirmed that the player will be suspended for the immediate future . A statement on City 's official website read : "  Manchester City can confirm that striker Carlos Tevez has been suspended until further notice for a maximum period of two weeks . "  The player 's suspension is pending a full review into his alleged conduct during Tuesday evening 's 2-0 defeat to Bayern Munich . "  The player will not be considered for selection or take part in training whilst the review is under way . " Earlier on Wednesday , former Manchester United forward Tevez rejected Italian coach Mancini 's claims and said the incident was a "  misunderstanding . " "  I would like to apologise to all Manchester City fans , with whom I have always had a strong relationship , for any misunderstanding that occurred in Munich , " read the statement from Tevez . Tevez tantrum is a disgrace to soccer "  They understand that when I am on the pitch I have always given my best for the club . In Munich on Tuesday I had warmed up and was ready to play . This is not the right time to get into specific details as to why this did not happen . But I wish to state that I never refused to play . "  There was some confusion on the bench and I believe my position may have been misunderstood . Going forward I am ready to play when required and to fulfil my obligations . " The statement is in contrast to Tevez 's remarks immediately after the match , when he appeared to reaffirm his desire to leave City . "  I think it 's Mancini 's decision . I 've been a professional throughout , " he told British broadcaster Sky Sports through a translator . "  I put my opinion through , that I wanted to leave for family reasons and I still played my best . " Gomez double gives Bayern 2-0 win The fixture in Europe 's premier club competition was set to be a landmark occasion for City ; whose clash with four-time European champions Bayern represented their first away match in the tournament . But the match unravelled for City , who won the English FA Cup last season , when Germany striker Mario Gomez grabbed two goals in the closing stages of the first half . Tuesday 's controversy is the latest development in a saga which has seen Tevez move close to an exit from the Etihad Stadium on several occasions . The former Corinthians striker handed in a transfer request in December 2010 , citing a breakdown in communications with the City board as the reason behind his decision . It looked as if Tevez was set for a return to Sao Paulo-based Corinthians in July , but the four-time Brazilian champions claimed there was insufficient time to conclude the deal . City have signed a host of attacking players in 2011 , including the capture of Dzeko from Wolfsburg in January and the additions of Sergio Aguero from Atletico Madrid and France midfielder Samir Nasri from Arsenal in the last transfer window . As a result , Tevez has struggled to break into City 's starting line-up so far this season and has seen defender Vincent Kompany replace him as club captain . "  He wanted to leave last year , " former Inter coach Mancini told a press conference on Tuesday . "  I helped him for two years every time . He refused to play . I can not accept this behaviour from him . I decide the substitutions , not Carlos . "  Do you think at Bayern Munich one player can play like this ? Or Milan or Manchester United ? No . There were 30 minutes to the end . There was time to change the game . "	Striker Carlos Tevez has been suspended for two weeks by Manchester City The suspension follows his non-appearance from the bench against Bayern Munich Tevez earlier issued a statement denying that he had refused to play when asked City coach Roberto Mancini has said Tevez will never play for the club again
CNN  -- Monday 's debate did n't end when the cameras shut off . The thousands of readers on CNN.com continued the conversation well into the evening after President Barack Obama and former Gov. Mitt Romney met in their final face-to-face matchup of the presidential campaign . Readers posted more than 4,500 comments on CNNPolitics.com 's 5 things we learned in the debate and many were inspired to make lists of their own . As you can imagine , the comments split along partisan lines , but some commenters said they heard enough to know they do n't want either man to be president . Planning to vote ? Tell your friends on Facebook We want to hear more . What did you learn from Monday 's debate ? You can add to the list in the comments below or Tweet what you learned using # 5things . Meanwhile , here is what readers said they learned : From Obama supporters : AnthonyF84 5 things I have learned from this debate about Foreign Policy from Romney 1 . Mitt Romney has no clue where Iran really is 2 . Romney would agree with the president 's current foreign policy , then attack him on the same foreign policies that he just agreed with , then present his own foreign policy , that amazingly is exactly the same as the president 's . 3 . I thought Mitt was originally against a timetable to leave Afghanistan in 2014 , calling it foolish and harmful , but now he seems to be all for it . 4 . Mitt is as detailed about foreign policy as he is on loopholes . 5 . On Syria , Romney has cried that we are not doing enough . The president said that we are doing everything we can that is short of direct military intervention . And Mitt said again it was the wrong course to take . So one can only assume that according to Mitt the only other course would be a hot conflict . Where would we get the money to pay for this conflict , if you refuse to raise taxes ? Debate coach : Romney walked into ` bayonets ' line NoMoreRetoric 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Obama is the better choice 2 . Romney is a liar and ca n't be trusted 3 . Romney does not handle pressure very well 4 . Romney has no plans 5 . The GOP nominated the worst candidate in history . ceejay0214 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Romney gave long answers but ended up agreeing with President Obama on most points . He shook his Etch-A-Sketch once again . 2 . Romney played it too safe and in so doing did not look as knowledgeable about his changing positions . 3 . President Obama talked the talk and walked the walk last night . He looked , talked and acted presidential and I did not notice he was not white . 4 . That when Romney is snarky and aggressive , the Repubs loved it and said it made him presidential , but when President Obama pushes back it makes him look snarky , aggressive and un-presidential ! 5 . Romney does sweat ! Campaign enters final stretch as Obama takes final debate GEORGE_W_TUSH Mitt Romney 's 5-Point Plan : 1 . To the left 2 . Take it back now y' all 3 . One hop this time 4 . Right foot let 's stomp 5 . Cha-Cha real smooth Editor 's note : It 's not every day that DJ Casper 's "  The Cha-Cha Slide " is cited as a critique of a presidential candidate 's positions . From Romney supporters : Jack Briss 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Obama proved he is rude and ignorant interrupting Romney 2 . He failed for 4 straight years . 3 . Obama proved change is needed . 4 . He tried blaming Romney for his own failures which Romney could NOT possibly do . 5 . Obama spoke for 1 hour , 30 minutes without saying a word . CNN Poll : Nearly half of debate watchers say Obama won showdown Devices777 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Romney looks more presidential 2 . Romney acts more presidential 3 . Romney talks more presidential . 4 . Romney 's plans are more presidential 5 . Obama has none of the above . Presidential debate 's global reaction : Disappointment jrt1098 5 things we learned from this debate : 1 . Barack Obama has added $ 5 trillion -- That 's 5 TRILLION -- in deficit spending in just 3 years ! 2 . UNEMPLOYMENT remains near 8 % ... and Obama has had 4 years to fix it ... He has n't ! 3 . This president has n't even passed a budget in over 3 YEARS ... WHY ??? 4 . GITMO , the Patriot Act , and the war in Afghanistan ... and CODE PINK is extinct ! 5 . Syria is a mess , Egypt is a mess , Iran is on the verge of NUKES ... and in Benghazi , Libya , this administration played politics and attempted to COVER UP to avoid political damage !! sugarKube 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Obama seemed cocky interrupting 2 . Obama spent more time trying to tell us what Romney believes than telling us what he believes 3 . Romney was presidential 4 . Obama played small ball 5 . November will be a landslide for Romney From wildcards/Third party supporters : brain419 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Obama sucks 2 . Romney sucks 3 . We are all screwed 4 . Dems/Reps think they should run the world 5 . I 'm voting for Gary Johnson Opinion : Obama in command ; Romney plays it safe Justin Forgot-it 5 things I learned from this debate : 1 . Neither deserve to run the country . Inept ? Plenty of that to go around 2 . Obamacare Meet Romneycare ... Difference ? 3 . Romney : Let 's give all my rich buddies huge tax breaks - Obama : Let 's spend their money 4 . Obama : Bush is my mentor  I have followed his idiocy to the "  T "  - Romney : My dad was an immigrant on welfare , but he is n't my mentor . I 'm rich . Let me forget my roots 5 . Obama : I 'm in over my head - Romney : I 'll make grand promises without any idea how to implement	Debate watchers posted thousands of comments after the final presidential debate Some posted their own lists after reading CNN 's ' 5 things we learned ' in Monday 's debate Watch the debate again and add what you learned to the list
CNN  -- A pair of commercial jetliners got closer than regulations allow in the skies near George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston , the Federal Aviation Administration said Saturday . The FAA said in a statement that it was investigating Thursday night 's "  loss of required separation " between planes in airspace controlled by Houston Terminal Radar Approach Control . At 6:51 p.m. , the pilot of Singapore Airlines Flight 61 took off and did not level off at an altitude of 4,000 feet as required , the FAA said . At the same time , Delta Air Lines Flight 2443 was inbound to the airport at an altitude of 6,000 feet . "  An air traffic controller noticed the deviation and issued traffic alerts and instructions to the pilots of both aircraft , " the statement said . The statement added , "  As a result of a preliminary analysis of the event , the FAA has taken steps to ensure that all flight crews are aware of the top altitudes for standard departure routes . " FAA investigates near miss between jets at Houston airport Near miss at Newark airport spurs runway rules change , FAA says Drone , jetliner nearly collided over Florida	FAA says two jetliners passed closer than is considered safe over Houston on Thursday A Singapore Airlines flight took off and did not level off at an altitude of 4,000 feet as required A Delta flight was inbound to the airport at an altitude of 6,000 feet at the same time FAA says air traffic controller alerted pilots of both aircraft
CNN  -- The teenager accused of gunning down his parents and three siblings in their New Mexico home had hoped to go on a killing spree and die in a shootout with police , investigators said Tuesday . Nehemiah Griego , 15 , will stand trial as an adult in the weekend killings , prosecutors announced . He was arrested Saturday night , after deputies found the bodies of his mother , father , brother and two of his sisters in their home on the outskirts of Albuquerque . Griego told investigators he hoped to end his spree "  at a Walmart , with mass destruction , " Bernalillo County Sheriff Dan Houston told reporters . Griego told investigators he was "  frustrated with his mother , " but "  he did not articulate that to our investigators any further or give any explanation of that at all , " Houston said . Three reported shot on Texas college campus "  This is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time , " he said . The teen had been scheduled to appear in court Tuesday to face two counts of murder and three counts of child abuse resulting in death , but the hearing was waived , according to CNN affiliate KOAT reported . The station said Griego 's case will go to a grand jury in 10 days . Houston said the arrest came after Griego went to the family 's church with his girlfriend , to whom he had sent a picture of his slain mother , and a staff member called deputies . The youth 's father , Greg Griego , was a former pastor at an Albuquerque church and a chaplain to the city 's fire department who also worked with prisoners . He 's believed to have been the last of the victims , gunned down about 5 a.m. Saturday when he came home from working the graveyard shift at a homeless shelter , Houston said . The killings had begun about four hours earlier , when Nehemiah Griego shot and killed his mother , Sarah Griego , while she slept . The shot from the .22 - caliber rifle woke his 9-year-old brother Zephania , who had been asleep next to her , an arrest affidavit recounted . KRQE : Complaint details horrific murders When the teen told Zephania that their mother was dead , "  Nehemiah stated his brother did not believe him , " the affidavit states . "  So Nehemiah picked up his mother 's head to show his brother her bloody face . Nehemiah stated his brother became upset , so he shot his brother in the head with the same rifle used to kill his mother . " After that , "  Nehemiah stated he lost his sense of conscience " and went on to kill his sisters , 5-year-old Jael and 2-year-old Angelina , police said . After the slayings , Griego "  spent the majority of the day with his girlfriend , " whose conduct remains a focus of the investigation , Houston said . Most of the victims were shot with the .22 , but a semiautomatic AR-15 rifle was also used in the killings , sheriff 's Lt. Sid Covington said . The Griegos had five other grown children , none of whom lived at home , Covington said . Police said in a statement the weapons appear to have been purchased legally .	NEW : Initial court appearance for 15-year-old suspect waived NEW : Weapons used in slayings were purchased legally Nehemiah Griego wanted "  mass destruction , " the sheriff says Griego will face charges as an adult of killing his parents and three siblings
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. General Assembly voted Tuesday in favor of a resolution calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba . There were 186 member states in favor of the resolution , two against , and three abstentions . The vote is non-binding . It was the 20th consecutive year that the United Nations has voted to condemn the U.S. embargo , which was put in place in 1960 . The two opposing votes came from the United States and Israel .	For the 20th consecutive year , a General Assembly resolution urges an end to the embargo Only the United States and Israel vote against the measure ; 186 nations vote in favor
CNN  -- A Texas bus driver has filed a lawsuit against his former employer , claiming he was fired for his religious beliefs after refusing to transport a client to a Planned Parenthood office , court documents showed Wednesday . Edwin A. Graning worked for the Capital Area Rural Transportation System  CARTS  near Austin , Texas , for less than a year before he was let go in January . At the time , he told his supervisor that , "  in good conscience , he could not take someone to have an abortion , " according to the lawsuit . Graning is an ordained Christian minister . Planned Parenthood , a health care provider that offers a range of medical services to women , including those related to abortion , often draws the ire of anti-abortion groups in the United States , where the procedure is legal but fiercely controversial . Graning 's last day of employment was the same day he refused service . He is seeking reinstatement , back pay , and compensatory damages for pain , suffering and emotional distress . "  It 's only because he voiced his religions beliefs that he was canned , " Edward White III , Graning 's lawyer , told CNN . "  Employers have a legal responsibility to at least attempt to accommodate an employee 's religious beliefs . ... CARTS clearly violated Mr. Graning 's religious freedom . " White , who works for a public interest law group founded by evangelical Christian leader Pat Robertson , said CARTS sent a second driver to collect the client and took her and a friend to the Planned Parenthood office . "  While others may wish to make more of it , to CARTS this is just about our expectation that employees perform the duties they are hired for , " David Marsh , general manager of CARTS , said in an e-mail message to CNN . In addition to rides along fixed routes , CARTS offers some door-to-door service within its rural coverage area . The lawsuit , in the U.S. District Court for western Texas , Austin Division , was filed on July 14 .	Minister says he lost his job after he refused to "  take someone to have an abortion " He had been assigned to drive a woman to a Planned Parenthood office Planned Parenthood provides a range of services , including those related to abortion
CNN  -- How free are you to say what you think and what you believe ? How free are you to hear the views of others , of those who challenge widely held beliefs or dare to criticize the powerful ? Upon the answer to that question lies the essence and the soul of democracy . That 's why today we have more conclusive evidence that democracy is faltering in Russia and why we see alarming signs that the revolution in Egypt may lead not toward , but away from , the democratic path . It 's also why we have reason to feel encouraged about the prospects for change in Myanmar  formerly known as Burma  and why we know that , despite populist claims , democracy in places such as Iran , Venezuela and Ecuador -- the country that offered asylum to WikiLeaks ' Julian Assange -- is either dead , dying or suffering a serious illness . And it 's why we know that China has not a shred of democratic rule . When Russian authorities decided to throw the book at three punk-rock performers from the provocatively named group Pussy Riot , the issue was always democracy or , rather , lack of it . Prosecutors charged the three -- Maria Alyokhina , Yekaterina Samutsevich and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova -- with hooliganism and religious incitement after they staged their iconoclastic show earlier this year in Moscow . The three burst onto the altar of the city 's Cathedral of Christ Our Savior , wearing their trademark face covers and brightly colored balaclavas , and spent 40 seconds chanting their song "  Mother of God , Cast Putin Out , " which later became part of their YouTube hit "  Punk Prayer . " The performance was meant to shock . But , more than anything , it was an act of protest . Like others in Russia , they were taking on the increasingly authoritative rule of President Vladimir Putin . And , in this case , they wanted to draw attention , they said , to the church 's growing role in politics . Normally , the disruptive show would have received a fine , charges of disturbing the peace or disrupting a religious service . But in today 's Russia , you can not take on the president without serious consequences . The women of Pussy Riot gained notoriety partly for the name of their group and their colorful antics . But their case is only the most highly publicized of a number of terrible abuses of the law against critics of the president . Alexei Navalny , one of the most popular of Putin 's detractors , has been charged with embezzlement on what many people believe are trumped up charges . Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky remains in a Siberian prison , where he has been since 2005 after daring to challenge Putin 's authority . Countless Russian journalists have died mysterious deaths , as have anti-corruption crusaders , such as Sergei Magnitsky . Opposition leader Garry Kasparov , the former chess champion , has come under physical attack Attacking the opposition , imprisoning one 's critics is one way to tighten one 's hold on power . But there is no better way to maintain the perception of democracy than by controlling what the people -- the voters -- are allowed to hear and read and think . That 's why restricting freedom of expression , especially media freedoms , is the favorite sport of authoritarian governments that want to preserve the appearance of democratic legitimacy . Winning an election could confer democratic legitimacy . But what happens when the opposition does n't have access to the media ? What happens when journalists are not free to criticize the government ? That 's when democracy dies , even if it lives in a zombie state , with leaders elected by voters with access only to views in support of the regime or where the president 's critics are smeared , ridiculed and maligned , as happens in far too many places . In Egypt , which has its first elected president , there is evidence of a move to stifle criticism and bring a single point of view to the public . When the newspaper Al-Dustour ran a list of accusations against the Muslim Brotherhood , from whose ranks President Mohamed Morsy rose , authorities removed every issue from the stands . The paper 's editor , Islam Afifi , is one of several journalists charged with insulting the president . Afifi says the Brotherhood wants to "  silence any opposition to their policies . " The Upper House , dominated by Islamist legislators , just hand-picked 50 newspaper editors for state-owned publications . Morsy named a Brotherhood activist , Salah Abdel Maksoud , as information minister , adding to fears among many journalists that Islamists will gain control of the media . In Ecuador , the country whose democratically elected president has embraced WikiLeak 's Assange , a self-described champion of freedom of expression , journalists say President Rafael Correa has launched a campaign of fear and intimidation to stifle criticism . Ecuador 's mind-boggling media law prohibits reports and even editorials that "  have a bearing , in favor of or against a specific candidate , proposal , option , electoral preference or political thesis . " The Committee to Protect Journalists calls it "  coerced pre-emption " and says it adds to a program of smear campaigns and defamation laws aimed at producing self-censorship . Self-censorship , of course , is the ultimate desired result . When the government does n't have to imprison or harass its critics anymore because no one dares criticize it , then democracy is only skin deep , no matter how free elections appear . Then , few dare to criticize the government , and voters are exposed to glowing reviews of their leader 's prowess and wisdom . It 's easy to win elections that way . Ecuador is following the model put in place by Venezuela , where President Hugo Chavez imposed the Law on Social Responsibility in Radio and Television , complete with multimillion dollar fines and shutting down of outlets that run afoul of the government . To keep a patina of democratic freedom , some opposition is allowed to function , but the playing field is sharply tilted . Those tactics are much more subtle than Iran 's , where the government has thrown scores of journalists in prison . The regime has not only imprisoned and tortured journalists , it has also shut down newspapers , blocked websites and jammed satellite signals . The government now says it plans to stop using the Internet by 2013 because it is "  untrustworthy . " Sadly , restrictions on freedom of expression , one of the most fundamental of all human rights , are much more widespread than most people realize . According to Freedom House , a human rights advocacy group , only 14.5 % of the world 's people live in places with true media freedom . The encouraging news in all of this is that the efforts of authoritarian regimes to silence their critics highlight the power of words , the power of free expression and the importance even they place on having democratic legitimacy . That remains a powerful incentive for advocates of democracy to keep up their fight . If they lose the battle to pry open the flow of ideas , they will lose the struggle for democracy , because even when a president is elected , if the people are not free to criticize him and his policies , then democracy is a mirage -- and so is freedom . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Russia , Egypt , other "  populist " states show faltering democracy in stifled speech She says Pussy Riot sentence and jailing of Putin critics are recent examples She says Ecuador , Venezuela , Egypt use laws , intimidation to "  coercively pre-empt " criticism Ghitis : Democracy real only if it allows the powerful flow of ideas ; without that , it 's a mirage
There were no genetic tests 400,000 years ago , so our ancient relatives did n't know as much about themselves as we know about them now . Scientists have reconstructed a nearly complete mitochondrial genome of an ancient human relative , whose remains were found in Sima de los Huesos  "  pit of bones "  in northern Spain . It is the oldest DNA to be recovered from an early humanlike species , authors of a study wrote in the journal Nature . The ancient species that has revealed some of its genetic secrets , via bone fragments from a femur , is probably not directly linked to your family tree though . "  It 's quite clear that this is not a direct ancestor of people today , " said Svante Paabo , a biologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology and senior author of the study . Instead , he said , this representative of an early humanlike species , called Homo heidelbergensis , could be an ancestor of both Neanderthals and another group called the De nisovans . The genetic relationship to Denisovans , discovered through this DNA research , is surprising because the Homo heidelbergensis remains found in the cave have many Neanderthal-like features . The only remnants of Denisovans come from Siberia -- a long way from Spain . "  It 's sort of an open question really what this means , and I think further research into the nuclear genome of these hominins will address that , " Paabo said . How they did it Paabo and colleagues used a new method for sequencing ancient , degraded genetic material to put together the 400,000-year-old specimen 's mitochondrial genome . It is the oldest DNA ever found outside permafrost conditions -- in other words , it was not permanently frozen . "  The retrieval of such ancient human DNA is a major technical achievement , and promises further recovery of such material from other fossils in this time range , both in the Sima and elsewhere , where we would not previously have expected it , or looked for it , " said Chris Stringer , researcher at the Natural History Museum in London , who was not involved in the study . Mitochondria are structures in cells that convert food energy into usable forms . DNA stored in the mitochondria is passed to children through the maternal line only  i.e. , only moms can pass it on  , so it 's only a small snapshot of inherited genes . Genetic material in the cell 's nucleus comes from both parents and gives a fuller picture of genetic heritage . To study genetics of our ancient predecessors , researchers have an easier time studying mitochondrial DNA because there are hundreds of times more copies of it in each cell . "  It 's a much bigger chance to find some fragments of this preserved , " Paabo said . The method that researchers used involves separating the two strands of the DNA double helix . They then make a "  library " from each of the two strands . If part of one strand is damaged , its analogue on the other strand -- which is made of complementary genetic partners -- may be intact . "  That is sort of the big trick involved , " Paabo said . After sequencing the mitochondrial DNA , researchers then compared the result with genetic information about Neanderthals and Denisovans . Since nuclear DNA encompasses more information about a person 's inheritance , a nuclear genome sequence from Homo heidelbergensis may reveal even more clearly how it is connected to other ancient humanlike species , he said . But retrieving the nuclear DNA sequence will be challenging , study authors wrote . Just to get the mitochondrial DNA sequence , it took about two grams of bone -- less than 0.1 ounce -- even though hundreds of copies of this DNA are in every cell . Still , Paabo said , the sequencing technique his group used "  opens a possibility to now do this at many other sites , and really begin to understand earlier human evolution . " Relationship to other species Researchers thought initially the mitochondrial DNA of the Homo heidelbergensis specimen would share a common ancestor with Neanderthals . Neanderthals lived in Europe beginning as much as 300,000 years ago , Paabo said .  Homo sapiens , our species , first appeared in Africa between 100,000 and 200,000 years ago . Instead , researchers discovered through the DNA that this specimen is closer to the Denisovans , a group related to the Neanderthals . A likely explanation is that in Eastern Eurasia this species gave rise to Denisovans , and in Western Eurasia they were the ancestors of Neanderthals , Paabo said . But more research needs to be done to verify that theory . Humans , Neanderthals related to yet another group Little is known about the Denisovans . Although some of their remains were found in southern Siberia , their genetic signature is only found today on islands in the Pacific . Paabo was also the senior author on a 2012 study in the journal Science analyzing the Denisovan genome . That research suggested that human ancestors and the Denisovans ' ancestors must have branched off from one another as much as 700,000 years ago -- although that number is vague . Still , it seems that the Denisovans must have mated with indigenous people in Papua New Guinea and Australia , Paabo said . About 3 % to 5 % of the DNA of people from Melanesia  islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean  , Australia and New Guinea as well as aboriginal people from the Philippines comes from the Denisovans . On the other hand , everyone who lives outside Africa today probably has some Neanderthal DNA in them , Paabo said in 2012 . The bottom line , Paabo said , is that the relationships between these early human relatives -- Homo heidelbergensis , Neanderthals and Denisovans -- are not clear-cut . "  It 's going to be a more complex history that one will eventually clarify with the help of DNA , " he said . Elizabeth Landau is on Twitter at @lizlandau .	Homo heidelbergensis remains found in Spain From a femur bone , scientists sequenced mitochondrial DNA Technique can be used elsewhere , too , scientists say
CNN  -- A man can do a lot of things in 13 years . Cornealious "  Mike " Anderson was able to open several construction businesses , start a family , coach his son 's football team and volunteer at his church . What he was n't doing most of that time was serving jail time . Convicted of taking part in a robbery at a Burger King in St. Charles , Missouri , in 1999 , Anderson was given a 13-year sentence . When his appeals ran out in 2002 , he was supposed to report to prison , but the call never came . Corrections officials did n't discover the clerical error until July , when his original sentence would have ended , and they sent U.S. marshals to arrest him . On Monday , Anderson walked out of the Mississippi County Courthouse a free man , given credit for the 4,794 days between his conviction and when he was arrested last year . "  I walked by faith this whole time , my family and I , " Anderson told CNN 's "  New Day " on Tuesday . Judge Terry Brown said he did n't see any point in keeping Anderson , 36 , in prison . "  I believe continuing to incarcerate you serves no purpose , would be a waste of taxpayer dollars and punish a good man , " Brown said at a 10-minute court session . The tears flowed when the judge granted Anderson 's release . Hugs came from his wife and daughter , his mom and his attorney , video from affiliate KMOV showed . "  I was young , and that 's something I do n't even like to talk about , " he said . "  That 's not who I was . It was just something that should have never happened . " No arrest warrant for him At the time of the crime , he was 22 years old , and he said he could not fathom spending the next 13 years in prison . At the time , his attorney warned him that authorities had not arrested him because they thought he was already in jail . The U.S. Marshals Service told the attorney that they could n't arrest Anderson because there was no arrest warrant for him . But the mistake will be found , the lawyer said , telling Anderson to be ready to be picked up at any moment . But the years went by , and that day did n't come for 13 years . "  You know , them pulling me back was motivation , but my main motivation was  that  I turned my life around , " Anderson said . "  I gave my life to the Lord , and I did n't want to do anything that displeased God . " Attorney General Chris Koster said setting him free was the right thing to do . "  From the outset , I have proposed a solution that balances the seriousness of Mr. Anderson 's crime with the mistake made by the criminal justice system and Mr. Anderson 's lack of a criminal record over the past 13 years , " he said . Monday 's outcome "  appears to appropriately balance the facts as we understand them . " Anderson 's plight attracted international attention . A Change.org petition lobbied for his release in recent months and attracted more than 35,000 signatures . For his wife , LaQonna Anderson , it means her husband is back home and their family complete for the first time since July . "  I 'm very , very , very happy , " she said . "  I thank everybody for all their support . " CNN 's Jennifer Feldman and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Cornealious "  Mike " Anderson was convicted of robbery in 1999 When his appeals ran out , corrections officials never incarcerated him The mistake was discovered when the sentence was almost over A judge gave Anderson credit for the 4,794 days between his conviction and arrest
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Almost 24 years after "  Baby " Houseman and Johnny Castle first swayed across the big screen , a movie studio announced plans for a remake of the '80s classic "  Dirty Dancing . " "  Paying tribute to the emotional excitement of first love , the thrills and complexity of sexual awakening , the soul stirring power of dance , and the classic tale of teenage Baby 's forbidden romance with Johnny Castle , the remake will incorporate classic songs from the 1960s , hits from the original film and brand new compositions , " the entertainment studio Lionsgate said in a statement . The film 's original choreographer , Kenny Ortega , will direct the remake . Ortega said he looks forward to casting the successors to the original movie 's stars , Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze . Grey welcomed the announcement of a remake with Ortega . "  I 'm so excited about this news and I think there 's nobody better to do this than my beloved Kenny Ortega , who is as responsible as anyone for the success of the first one , " said the actress , who played "  Baby " in the original film . "  I ca n't wait to see what he 's going to do with it . " Ortega also directed pop singer Michael Jackson 's 2009 posthumous tour film "  This Is It . " "  Patrick Swayze set the bar for men dancing in the movies as Gene Kelly and Fred Astaire did before him . I believe everywhere you look there is evidence that the talent is out there and I ca n't wait to begin the process of discovering the next breakout triple-threats , " Ortega said in the statement . Swayze died in 2009 from pancreatic cancer . The Lionsgate announcement did not say when the remake will hit theaters . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Original "  Dirty Dancing " star is "  so excited " about a remake The remake will include songs from the 1960s , the original movie and new pieces Kenny Ortega , the film 's original choreographer , will direct the remake The original ` Dirty Dancing ' was released in 1987
CNN  -- An Australian radio show whose prank targeting Prince William 's pregnant wife went horribly wrong has been taken off the air for good . "  The Hot30 Countdown " was suspended temporarily after the December prank , when the network expressed deep regret for the nurse who apparently committed suicide after routing through a call from the show 's DJs to the royal ward . Over the weekend , the show was permanently taken off the air . The show 's Facebook page directed listeners to the show 's replacement called "  The Bump . " Opinion : DJs broke ` Do No Harm ' rule In response to a user comment , the Facebook page said the two DJ 's , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , "  continue to have our full support and we look forward to them returning to work when the time is right ! " In early December , the two DJs impersonated Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles and called King Edward VII 's Hospital to gain some information about the condition of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . The pair subsequently played the prank on air . The nurse who transferred the call through to the ward , Jacintha Saldanha , was later found dead after apparently committing suicide . An uproar followed . Who was nurse Jacintha Saldhana ? Prank prompts backlash The two DJs were taken off the air . And the network , Southern Cross Austereo , suspended all prank calls , pulled advertising and ordered a comprehensive review of relevant policies and process . Greig and Christian apologized in interviews with the Australian TV shows "  A Current Affair " and "  Today Tonight . " "  There is nothing that can make me feel worse than what I feel right now , " Greig said on "  Today Tonight . " Aussie DJ scandal : Does radio share the blame ? Christian told "  A Current Affair " the prank had become "  a tragic turn of events that I do n't think anyone could have predicted or expected . " The chairman of the hospital where the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge was a patient slammed the Australian radio station 's decision to broadcast the recorded prank call as "  truly appalling . " "  The immediate consequence of these premeditated and ill-considered actions was the humiliation of two dedicated and caring nurses who were simply doing their job tending to their patients , " wrote the chairman , Simon Glenarthur . "  The longer term consequence has been reported around the world and is , frankly , tragic beyond words . " Nurse 's family : ` We love you and will miss you forever ' ` World 's worst accents ever ' Audio of the call posted online suggests a woman spoke briefly to the DJs before she put the call through to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness . "  They were the world 's worst accents ever , " Greig told listeners then . "  We were sure 100 people at least before us would 've tried the same thing . ... We were expecting to be hung up on . We did n't even know what to say when we got through . " Off the air , Greig and Christian tweeted about the practical joke , promising "  more on the #royalprank . " The pair 's Twitter accounts were later taken down . A St. James 's Palace spokesman said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were saddened to learn of Saldanha 's death . Another palace spokesman told CNN that "  at no point did the palace complain to the hospital about the incident . On the contrary , we offered our full and heartfelt support to the nurses involved and hospital staff at all times . " Read more : How to recover from a mistake	The show was suspended after the December prank Over the weekend , it is permanently taken off the air The nurse who routed the DJ 's call later apparently committed suicide The DJs apologized
CNN  -- During Saturday 's White House correspondents dinner , "  Saturday Night Live 's " Seth Meyers jokingly scolded members of Congress for passing legislation they might never ever read . And he did so using a tech metaphor . "  I think you guys vote on bills in the same way the rest of us agree to updated terms and conditions on iTunes , " he said . If you 've spent any time downloading music , apps or other stuff from iTunes , you know what Meyers is talking about : Those messages from Apple that pop up on your laptop , iPad or iPhone and say , "  iTunes Terms and Conditions have changed . Before you can proceed you must read & accept the new Terms and Conditions . " You tap "  OK , " and before you know it , you 're staring at 56 pages of fine print on your screen . "  I do n't have time to do this , " you think . So you tap "  agree " without reading a word . No big deal , right ? "  Yeah , just agree , " wrote one user , macbookairman , on a MacRumors.com forum , echoing the sentiments of many Apple users on the site . "  Nothing bad is going to happen . " Probably not . But two digital-media attorneys contacted by CNN say that customers of iTunes , Apple 's online marketplace , should still be aware of what they 're agreeing to -- and what legal rights they may be giving up . According to New York technology attorney Mark Grossman , selecting "  Agree " serves as an electronic signature , due to a law passed in 2000 . It has the same validity as typing your name in an e-mail or signing a document using a pen . Jonathan Handel , a Los Angeles-based entertainment attorney who specializes in digital media , technology and intellectual property , said that because the iTunes terms are essentially a contract , people should treat them as such and give them more than a cursory glance . But both lawyers acknowledged that few people do . In fact , Grossman and Handel , both iTunes users , admitted they do n't always read the terms either . To them , it is obvious why people are so nonchalant about the terms . "  When they change the iTunes terms , as they do all the time , they give you all 50 pages instead of giving the option of seeing the changes , " Grossman said . "  We all know that nobody reads this stuff , but it is a binding contract . " Both Grossman and Handel are quick to say that this is not just an Apple issue . Other online retailers , such as Google 's Android Marketplace , also impose legal terms on downloads . "  It 's not that Apple is acting badly , " Grossman said . "  None of that is true . Most people really just do n't understand digital rights management . " Key clauses of the iTunes terms CNN asked Handel and Grossman to go through key parts of the iTunes terms and explain exactly what are customers getting themselves into . Overall , the two lawyers said that none of the terms really surprised them , and that customers do not have much to worry about . But Grossman and Handel said that there are three clauses that users should be mindful of : 1 . Genius : The terms state , "  When you use the Genius feature , Apple will use this information and the contents of your iTunes library , as well as other information , to give personalized recommendations to you . " As most iTunes users know , Genius not only puts songs of the same genre together but also recommends new songs to download by going through your personal playlists . Grossman said that while this is not something to lose sleep over , people should know where their information is going . "  Some people would say , ` Oh my god . They can look at my play history , ' " he said . "  If you care -LSB- about that -RSB- , you should disable it . " But Grossman said that he finds Apple 's privacy policies scarier , and cited the recent iPhone geotracking controversy . "  It 's a long-winded way of saying we can figure out where you are through your IP address , " he said . "  You should assume that everything you do is tracked or trackable . " 2 . Loss of purchases : The terms state , "  Products may be downloaded only once and can not be replaced if lost for any reason . Once a Product is downloaded , it is your responsibility not to lose , destroy , or damage it , and Apple shall not be liable to you if you do so . " Grossman said that there is no leeway on this point , and that anyone who tried to take Apple to court over a lost digital file would lose very quickly . "  The argument is , you could have backed it up , " he said . "  The contract clearly says ` we are not responsible , ' and it 's firmly established in the law . " 3 . Licensing : The terms state , "  You agree that the Service , including but not limited to Products , graphics , user interface , audio clips , video clips -LSB- and -RSB- editorial content ... contains proprietary information and material that is owned by Apple and/or its licensors , and is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws , including but not limited to copyright . " That sounds confusing . Handel explained it this way : When we buy something from iTunes , we are paying for the license to listen to music or watch a movie on our iPhone or other Apple device . But we are not buying the product itself and so we ca n't actually own it , he said . "  When you buy a book , you own the copy of that book but not the actual material , " Handel said "  What you are buying here is right to use music on certain devices . " So why are the iTunes terms so long ? The eye-glazing length of the jargon-filled document has frustrated some Apple users , who believe it should be shorter . "  I 've bought cars with less paperwork , " wrote Mel Martin from AOL Tech in a recent blog post . "  C'mon , Apple . Get it together . " By contrast , the terms and conditions for Google 's Android Marketplace are about five pages long .  Android has some 200,000 apps , compared with more than 350,000 in Apple 's App Store . So why does n't Apple make its iTunes terms more digestible by including a summary ? Grossman said that doing so could potentially expose Apple to legal action . "  Whatever is in those 50 pages needed to be said , " he said . "  Could you try -LSB- reducing -RSB- 50 to five and not lose anything ? Someone is going to say that it was n't in the summary and therefore does not count . " In addition , Handel said the lengthy terms are not all Apple 's doing . "  When you got a content provider like a major label , they put pressure on Apple to keep their content protected , " he said . "  As a result , you end up with these -LSB- lengthy -RSB- agreements . " What consumers should do Both lawyers agreed Apple should clarify some of the language in the document to make it easier for customers to understand . Handel believes it would be helpful if the terms would tell consumers exactly what they 're paying for . "  Here 's what you are getting , here 's what you are not getting , " he said . "  If you do lose something , who you can call ? That 's what needs to be highlighted . " An Apple spokesman said the company would not comment for this story . It 's not clear whether Apple will ever incorporate user suggestions and shorten or revise its iTunes terms . But in the meantime , Handel said , Apple customers should scan those terms and conditions the next time they get that pop-up message . "  There 's no reason an ordinary user should have to turn to a lawyer , " he said . "  People should be empowered the way they deal with the world . And companies have to deal with that as well because they depend on users ' goodwill . It 's a delicate balance . "	What exactly are you agreeing to when you click "  Agree " on iTunes ' Terms and Conditions ? One attorney says he finds Apple 's privacy policies scarier than its iTunes Genius feature Anyone who tries to take Apple to court over a lost digital file would lose very quickly , he says Another lawyer says iTunes users are paying for the license but not for the product itself
CNN  -- An eruption may not be imminent after all for Alaska 's Mount Redoubt , authorities said Thursday . Fears that Alaska 's Mount Redoubt would erupt have diminished . "  For the past two weeks or so , the seismic activity at Redoubt volcano has significantly decreased , " said Michelle Coombs , a geologist for the Alaska Volcano Observatory and the U.S. Geological Survey . The status is now at a "  yellow " level , meaning the volcano is "  exhibiting heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption , timeframe uncertain , or eruption is underway with no or minor volcanic-ash emissions . " In late January , experts began paying close attention to the volcano and raised the alert to "  orange , " indicating that it could erupt at any time . "  We believe based on what we 're seeing now , that if it were to erupt , that we would see enough increase in seismic activity to give us sufficient warning to go back up to orange , " Coombs said . Two other volcanoes in Alaska are also at the "  yellow " status currently , and Mount Redoubt could remain at that level for months , Coombs said . "  There 's a certain level of unpredictability , " she said . The 10,197-foot peak is located in southern Alaska , about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage , the state 's most populous city . Mount Redoubt last erupted nearly 20 years ago , in December 1989 . That eruption lasted until April 1990 . CNN 's Robyn Sidersky contributed to this story	Scientists say it is now less likely that Alaska 's Mount Redoubt will erupt An eruption at the volcano previously was thought to be eminent The 10,197-foot peak is located about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage Scientists say an eruption is still possible , but is not certain
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong Il was visiting China on Friday , a South Korean official said , according to state-run Yonhap news agency . The report contradicts earlier ones that Kim 's son and heir apparent , Kim Jong Un , was leading the visit . It was unclear whether his son was accompanying him . According to Yonhap , the trip would be Kim Jong Il 's third to China in a little over a year . The news follows last week 's revelation that South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has officially invited Kim Jong Il to attend a nuclear security summit in Seoul next year . South Koreans pay close attention to the movements of the leadership of North Korea , perhaps the world 's most secretive regime . North Korean state media is often slow in reporting the Kims ' activities . Open Radio for North Korea , a South Korean non-governmental organization , said Kim was visiting China . The organization is partly staffed by defectors from the North . It maintains a network of informants in North Korea . "  I checked through my sources , and one had heard from a military officer working at the border yesterday that there was some kind of 'em ergency ' along the border , " said Ha Tae-kyung , the organization 's president . "  According to that military officer , it was Kim Jong Il who is going -- not his son . " His account and the South Korean news agency report could not be independently verified . The term of Chinese President Hu Jintao 's term is set to expire next year , prompting some to anticipate greater diplomatic interchange between Beijing and Pyongyang as Kim seeks to forge relations with the incoming leader . It 's clear that North Korea needs help , analysts said . "  Kim Jong Il wants to get something from South Korea or the U.S. or China -- economic aid or security assurances -- but at the moment he is not getting anything and China is preventing North Korea from further provocations , " said Choi Jin-wook of Seoul 's Korea Institute of National Unification . "  Kim wants to know what China is going to do for them . " Heavily sanctioned following several nuclear and missile tests , Pyongyang has been reaching out to South Korea in recent months -- experts say the hardline state is desperate for a resumption of food aid . However , its customary form of leverage -- provocations -- is being restrained by Beijing , And six-party talks , which would offer economic incentives in return for North Korean denuclearization , have been in limbo for more than two years . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , who visited Pyongyang and Seoul last month , carried a message from Kim to South Korea 's Lee , in which the North Korean leader said he was ready to meet with the South 's president "  without preconditions . " Seoul 's policy is to refuse high-level contacts until North Korea apologizes for two incidents last year that killed 50 South Koreans . South Korea accuses the North of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in March 2010 , killing 46 sailors . In November , North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . Last week , however , Lee invited Kim to visit South Korea . "  The South Korean government did deliver a message of our invitation to North Korea 's leader to visit next year 's Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul , " the foreign press officer from the presidential office said . Few , however , expect Kim -- a virtual recluse whose political decisions are made behind closed doors and who is reportedly paranoid about personal security -- to engage in such high-profile , transparent statesmanship as an international nuclear summit , or to visit Seoul . The last two inter-Korean presidential summits took place in Pyongyang .	An South Korean official says Kim Jong Il is in China , according to report It is his third visit there in slightly over a year South Koreans play close attention to the leadership 's movement in North Korea It 's hard to obtain reliable information from and about North Korea
CNN  -- The nation 's oldest and largest civil rights organization wants to sound the alarm on school resegregation , and is hoping a national educational summit will bring attention to what its members consider a huge problem , according to a news release from the NAACP . The organization will meet for three days later this week in North Carolina , where the Department of Justice is planning to investigate policies relating to resegregation , the statement says . Leaders from the group will be joined by grass-roots organizers from across the country from Thursday through Saturday for the first national NAACP summit on education in three years , the statement says . The purpose of the meeting is to discuss comprehensive education reform with an urgent focus on resegregation in the nation 's school districts , the NAACP said . According to the organization , over two-fifths of black students attend "  extremely segregated schools , " up from less than one-third in 1988 , which the NAACP considers the height of desegregation . The summit was named in honor of Daisy Bates , former president of the Arkansas State Conference of the NAACP and advisor to the Little Rock Nine , the statement said . Those nine students desegregated Little Rock Central High School in 1957 . NAACP President Benjamin Todd Jealous is to deliver the keynote address on the first day of the summit , which will be held in Raleigh , North Carolina .	The three-day Daisy Bates educational summit will examine resegregation in nation 's schools Summit named in honor of former Arkansas State Conference of the NAACP NAACP president Benjamin Todd Jealous to deliver keynote address
London  CNN  -- London 's Heathrow Airport is "  fully operational " and returning to normal after an emergency landing Friday forced the closing of both runways , the airport said -- but many travelers are likely to suffer delays anyway . British Airways has canceled all its inbound and outbound short-haul flights until 4 p.m.  11 a.m. ET  as a result of the incident . And Heathrow Airport has warned of disruption to travel that could last all day . So far , 23 planes have been diverted to other airports and 19 flights canceled , some arrivals and some departures , a spokeswoman said Friday morning . The airport is working to return to normal service as soon as possible , she said , but passengers are advised to check with their airlines . A British Airways plane bound for Oslo was forced to make the emergency landing "  due to a technical fault , " the airline said . Flight BA762 turned back less than half an hour after taking off for the Norwegian capital , it said . The Airbus A319 aircraft was carrying 75 passengers and five crew members , the airline said . The passengers were evacuated from the plane on emergency slides . "  Airline colleagues are now caring for customers in the airport terminal , " said British Airways . London Ambulance Service treated three patients for minor injuries after the emergency landing , it said on Twitter . British Airways said it would be carrying out a full investigation into the incident , alongside the Air Accident Investigation Branch , part of the UK Department for Transport . The slides were deployed on the left side of the aircraft , indicating that the problem was with the right engine , said CNN 's Richard Quest . Planes can fly safely even if only one engine is operational , he said . London Fire Brigade said one of its crews helped the airport fire service put out an aircraft fire . "  We believe the fire is now out , " it said via Twitter . Heathrow , which is a major international hub , was ranked the third busiest airport in the world in 2012 after Atlanta and Beijing , according to Airports Council International . Monday is a holiday in the United Kingdom , so many people will be taking flights Friday to take advantage of the long weekend . Holidaymaker Aileen Wilson was one of many travelers whose flight was grounded by the incident . "  We 've just been sitting , waiting in a plane meant to take off " this morning , she told CNN iReport . "  At first we were told ongoing incident and then emergency landing . We  are  still waiting to take off  and  not allowed out of plane ! " Instagram user Shazia Shaikh took a photograph from the office where she works at Heathrow Airport of emergency vehicles surrounding a plane . "  Runways closed  and  lots of smoke , " she told CNN iReport . "  The rain does n't help . Emergency vehicles were quick to the aircraft I 'm told . " On average , 190,000 passengers travel through the airport each day , half arriving and half departing , according to Heathrow 's website . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Richard Allen Greene , Sarah Brown and Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	NEW : British Airways cancels all its short-haul flights through Heathrow until 4 p.m. Heathrow : The airport is "  fully operational " and returning to normal after runway closures British Airways says a plane bound for Oslo had to turn back because of a technical fault The Airbus A319 aircraft was carrying 75 passengers ; 3 were treated for minor injuries
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- An underemployed Spanish matador is breaking tradition and carrying advertising on his capes in the bullring -- promoting a soft drink aimed at gays . Matador Joselito Ortega in an exhibition fight on Sept. 23 in the southern Spanish city of Malaga . While fighting bulls , matador Joselito Ortega will use capes embroidered with the words "  Gay Up , " the name of the energy drink . The move has many in the macho-steeped world of bullfighting seeing red . But Ortega , 29 , told CNN , "  I 'm glad to be the first person  in bullfighting  whom the gay community will take as an icon . " "  People think the bullfighter is very tough , very rude and they only like women , " Ortega added . "  But we are in 2009 . Everything must change . " Industry experts said it would be the first time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes -- the large one used when the bull rushes into the ring , and a smaller one used later as the matador moves in for the kill . In the 1980s , matador Luis Reina had a contract showing the brand name of Japanese electronics giant Akai on parts of his shiny "  suit of lights , " while fighting . "  But that lasted just one or two fights , " recalls Curro Vazquez , a former bullfighter who now manages one of Spain 's top-tier matadors , Cayetano Rivero Ordonez . Rivero Ordonez has declined offers to carry publicity on his bullfighter 's suit and capes while in the ring , Vazquez said , out of respect for "  the ritual of bullfighting . " "  The cape is a sacred thing , " said Vazquez , adding that it 's fine for premier bullfighters -- who are treated like rock stars -- to have lucrative endorsement deals for products , but only outside of the ring . This is the first endorsement deal of any kind for Ortega . He became a full matador in 2006 , facing the biggest bulls , but said he 's fought only six or seven fights since then . Yet a bullfighter in demand can have dozens of fights in just a single season . "  Ortega is a new bullfighter and he might see this as a way to get known , " Vazquez said . If so , it appears to be working . Ortega and his drinks company have been flooded with media queries since they made the announcement this week . Pedro Suarez , the CEO at Grupo Banus Pi , the firm that makes Gay Up and took over management of Ortega 's career just two weeks ago , said they plan to organize an exhibition fight for Ortega soon , and sell the TV rights exclusively . Gay Up is a non-alcoholic energy drink made in Spain , drawn from a formula originally from Colombia . Suarez said the company tried to sponsor a Spanish football  soccer  team but was turned down because of the Gay Up brand . Then they found Ortega , who says he 's not gay . He 's been gored six or seven times in his career , which started 13 years ago as a junior bullfighter . "  All sports teams have advertising on their uniforms , " Ortega said , insisting he 'd continue to fight bulls the same way , even with ads on his capes . Bull breeder Juan Pedro Domecq Morenes welcomed the change , saying it might help revive Spain 's billion-dollar bullfighting industry , which he said in recent years has seen a 45 percent decline in the number of fights , especially in smaller village bullrings . "  Only God is sacred , " said Domecq , who also publishes a bullfighting Web site . "  The rest of the traditions have to advance , modernize . "	Matador Joselito Ortega will use capes embroidered with the words "  Gay Up " "  Gay Up " is the name of a non-alcoholic energy drink in Spain Industry experts : First time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes Ortega , who says he 's not gay , has been gored six or seven times
CNN  -- If you 're running for office , it 's best not to make incendiary comments about rape . That appears to be as much the case in Indonesia as it is in the United States . Daming Sanusi , a candidate for the Indonesian Supreme Court , has fueled outrage in the predominantly Muslim country by suggesting that rape victims enjoy being violated . Read more : ` Mother Robin ' delivers for poor women in Indonesia He made the comments Monday in front of a parliamentary commission hearing to determine if he was a fit for the top court , according to the official Indonesian news agency Antara . In response to a question about whether the death penalty should be applied in rape cases , Daming reportedly said , "  Consideration needs to be taken thoroughly for the imposition of death penalty for a rapist because in a rape case both the rapist and the victim enjoy it . " News of his comments quickly spread on social media , prompting anger , disgust and calls for Daming 's candidature for the Supreme Court to be shot down . CNN iReport : Women of Indonesia "  We ask legislators not to give the judge position to Daming , as he had offended people ` s feeling by uttering inappropriate statement , " Ridwan Bakar , a spokesman for the Indonesian Legal Aid Foundation , said Tuesday . As the furor grew , Daming issued an apology , acknowledging that his words were "  out of control . " In a news conference , he said that he was nervous in the session in front of the lawmakers and made the comment as a joke . "  I made the remark without realizing it can harm people 's feeling , " Antara cited him as saying . Damage is done But his contrition appeared to be too little too late . "  The damage has been done , " Primastuti Handayani , the managing editor of the Jakarta Post wrote in a commentary published Wednesday . "  Nothing he said in his apology can heal the wound he caused . " She also noted that Daming is not the first Indonesian official to make controversial comments about rape , highlighting the case last year of Jakarta Governor Fauzi Bowo , who said women should avoid wearing miniskirts on public transport to avoid "  any unwanted consequences . " Indonesian political figures began to distance themselves from Daming amid the outrage this week , and his chances of being selected as a Supreme Court justice seemed to wither . Opinion : Why have men lost touch with reality over rape ? The chairman of the parliamentary commission , Gede Pasek Suardika , said that Daming 's remarks were inappropriate and that the public outcry against him would be taken into consideration . Members of the commission from the Prosperous Justice Party recommended against selecting him . The controversy that sprung up around Daming mirrors outrage in the United States over remarks about rape made by Republicans Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin . Once leading in the polls , Mourdock and Akin both lost their Senate races to Democrats in November after their comments on pregnancy and rape were widely circulated . Read more : Divorce by text message sparks bizarre legal battle in Indonesia When asked on a local news show what he thought about abortion in the case of rape , Akin set off the controversy when he said , "  First of all , from what I understand from doctors , that 's really rare . If it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . " Mourdock was participating in a televised debate when he said , "  Life is that gift from God that I think even if life begins in that horrible situation of rape , that it is something that God intended to happen . " And Rep. Phil Gingrey , Republican of Georgia , revived the furor last week when he commented on the cases of Mourdock and Akin , and reportedly suggested Akin was "  partly right . " Gingrey later said his words , reported by the Marietta Daily-Journal , had been misconstrued . Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013	Daming Sanusi says that in rape cases "  both the rapist and the victim enjoy it " His remarks prompt outrage and appear to derail his Supreme Court bid He apologizes and says he was trying to make a joke His comments come after controversial comments on rape in the United States
CNN  -- A floating body was found Saturday that authorities believe to be the man who kidnapped his ex-girlfriend 's 4-year-old son and drove with him into a canal . A California water authority employee saw the body , believed to be that of Jose Esteban Rodriguez , at about 8:30 a.m. on Saturday . It was discovered in a part of the 117-mile Delta-Mendota Canal in the northern California city of Patterson , according to a press release from the Stanislaus County Sheriff 's Department . The employee alerted Stanislaus County Sheriff 's detectives , who went to the scene along with members of the department 's dive team and the West Stanislaus-Patterson Fire Department . Authorities determined the body was that of an adult Hispanic male with clothing and a physical make-up matching that of Rodriguez . Authorities will now employ scientific measures , such as DNA tests and dental records , and examine other evidence to definitively identify the body . The discovery comes 11 days after authorities found the body of young Juliani Cardenas , the boy who Rodriguez allegedly swiped from his grandmother 's arms on January 18 . Tabitha Cardenas , the boy 's mother , who broke up with Rodriguez five months earlier , told CNN affiliate KCRA that she was "  relieved that all this is over . " She also expressed sympathy for Rodriguez 's mother , now that his body has apparently been found . "  I feel her pain , because I know what it 's like to lose a son , " Cardenas said . "  She knows that I have always given her the utmost respect , through everything . " A day later , a farmer saw a car that appeared to be Rodriguez 's 2003 silver Toyota Corrolla -- purportedly with a man and youngster inside -- careen into the canal . The Stanislaus County Sheriff 's Department said that the body found Saturday was about 11 miles south of where that car was driven into the water . A homicide warrant had been issued for Rodriguez in connection with Juliani 's death while authorities searched for him , Sheriff Adam Christianson said . Last month , authorities found the man 's Toyota trapped in 50 feet of water and intertwined with two other vehicles , according to Christianson . The windows of the car were opened and it was badly damaged , but there were no bodies inside . Tabitha Cardenas had said Rodriguez either wanted to have her son for himself or wanted revenge for their breakup . She said she never thought Rodriguez , who is the father of her unborn child , would harm Juliani . Rodriguez "  wanted to be with my son , " Cardenas said January 20 . "  He wanted to be with my son so bad that he took it to the extreme . "	NEW : The kidnapped boy 's mother says she 's "  relieved that all this is over " NEW : She tells Rodriguez 's mother that she feels her pain , having lost a son herself Water authority worker alerts police after finding body in the Delta-Mendota Canal Police believe body is that of Jose Rodriguez , accused of killing his ex-girlfriend 's son
CNN  -- Chilean President Sebastian Pinera stoked an abortion debate in his country over remarks he made about an 11-year-old girl who became pregnant after being raped by her mother 's partner . Abortion is illegal without exception in the South American country . The girl , known only as "  Belen , " said in an interview that she would have the baby . Pinera , a supporter of the abortion ban , said Belen 's decision shows "  depth and maturity " and asked the country 's health minister to personally watch over her health . Political opponents seized on the president 's comments , creating a national debate on the issue . Former President Michelle Bachelet , who is running for the presidency once again , told Radio ADN that abortion should be an option in the case of rape . Belen is "  a girl with her entire life ahead of her and she requires protection , " Bachelet said . "  That being said , the option of abortion , in this case , for rape , seems to be the right solution . " Pinera said that in the interest of the girl 's health , doctors will consider whether it makes sense to induce a premature birth if it protects Belen . He added , "  the life of the mother always comes first , and we are going to protect Belen 's life with everything medicine has to offer and with the care of the public health system . " But some say that an 11-year-old girl is not mature enough to take care of a child . "  More than brave , she is a victim and we have to treat her like a victim and we have the protect her , " Chilean Sen. Fulvio Rossi said . "  The nation has to protect her and it has to give answers to Belen and to many other women who suffer on a daily basis from the neglect of their most basic rights . " Another senator , Juan Antonio Coloma , defended the current laws , saying that abortion should be prohibited no matter what . "  What is relevant is to help this girl who has been victim to a rape , but that , from my perspective , ca n't ever justify what is worse , which is to abort that child inside her , " he said . While the debate unfolds in the media , a psychologist said that Belen 's family should look for support away from the public eye . Having a child at such a young age is a lot to deal with , and her understanding the choice she made will be facilitated by denying interviews and staying out of the spotlight , Ana Maria Aron said . CNN Chile 's Camilo Silva contributed to this report	"  Belen " is an 11-year-old rape victim who became pregnant She says she will have the baby ; abortion is illegal in Chile The president called her "  mature " for her decision His comments set off a debate over the abortion ban
LonelyPlanet.com  -- Despite the daily foot traffic , Lower Manhattan is one of the most under-appreciated parts of New York City . It 's not just a playground for suits bound for Wall Street bank jobs or tourists following the old New Amsterdam crooked plan through skyscraper canyons heading to the Statue of Liberty -- or , increasingly over the coming months , crowding to get a glimpse of the new 9/11 Memorial . As someone who has spent most of the last two decades in New York City , I ca n't begin to count the number of times visiting friends and friends of friends have asked me for "  fun things to do in New York City . " The hidden sides of Lower Manhattan fit the bill . If you 're heading to visit the 9/11 Memorial and are looking for other things to do in the area , try these tips : LonelyPlanet.com : 40 free attractions in New York City 1 . Trinity Church 's gravestones New York 's most historic church , dating from 1698 , faces Wall Street from Broadway . Visitors often pop in to see the stained glass and perhaps peek into the free museum  which includes a cut-out $ 10 bill so you can pose as Alexander Hamilton  . The Hamilton focus is there because the country 's first US Secretary of Treasury -- who was shot in a duel by the former Vice President Aaron Burr in 1804  no , Dick Cheney was n't the first VP to shoot someone  -- is buried outside . But that 's not the best part of the cemetery . On the bigger plot , on the north side of the church , there are shady spots to sit , and at the far northeastern corner lies James Leeson , who left a coded message atop his tombstone . According to Kevin Walsh 's superb book "  Forgotten New York , " the code was finally cracked nearly a century after his death in 1794 . The message : "  Remember death . " 2 . National Museum of the American Indian Manhattan got its name from the Lenape word for either "  place of hills " or "  place of inebriation "  the latter is certainly more apt in the past few hundred years  , and Broadway itself follows old hunting trails that date centuries before Henry Hudson wandered this way . A great place to learn more about all of the Americas ' pre-Columbian inhabitants is this free , relatively quiet museum . Part of the Smithsonian  and open every day  , the exhibit of artifacts fills the gorgeous century-old Customs House . Many equate Native Americans with images seen in old westerns -- usually wearing the attire of the Plains Indians , evident in a shirt that may have been worn by Sioux legend Crazy Horse . The "  Infinity of Nations " exhibit gives a fuller picture . I also enjoyed thumbing through Native American newspapers from around the country and seeing works like a painting by Naiche , a Chiricahua Apache "  prisoner-of-war " at Fort Sill , Oklahoma a century ago . 3 . Stone Street dining I 'm always shocked by how many people eat lunch at unmemorable places on Broadway or chains at South Street Seaport . Locals instead bee-line for the city 's first paved street , Stone Street , a small traffic-free winding lane filled with covered tables a few blocks east of Broadway  and south of Wall Street  , lined with good food and bars . It gets BUSY on weekday lunches  noon to 1:30 p.m.  and as work winds down  after 4 p.m.  . Go then , and share an outside table . I like Adrienne 's Pizza Bar  54 Stone St.  the best , but it comes in one big size -- do n't go solo . LonelyPlanet.com : How to cycle NYC like a pro 4 . Rat Alley OK , most people wo n't want to walk down Edens Alley , an L-shaped alley near the corner of Gold Street and Fulton Street , en route from the World Trade Center site to South Street Seaport . But it 's legendary . In 2001 , Robert Sullivan spent many nights here for four seasons , watching a terrifying scene of "  relay teams " of eight to 10 rats storming into garbage bags that roared like "  a bar brawl in a pup tent . " Sullivan 's book , "  Rats , " is creepily fascinating , giving more info than you may want to know about New York 's most famous "  wildlife . " You wo n't see rats during the day . By the way , Fulton Street is a common path for visitors to take -- and its scene of chains and discount shops is very simply the least interesting walking street in all of Lower Manhattan . 5 . African Burial Ground National Monument One of New York 's newest museums -- the fascinating African Burial Ground National Monument site built in a new Federal Building in 2010 -- sees , on a good day , about 250 people . Go . You may be alone , and you might not see New York the same way afterward . During most of the 18th century , as many as 15,000 Africans -- mostly slaves -- were buried in this 6.6-acre corner of the city , and the small museum makes a big impact with the corner of the Federal Hall it occupies . Watch the 20-minute film  "  this is African Americans ' Ellis Island , " one person says in it  and walk past some of the over 400 graves found while building this controversial building in the '90s . This is the population who really built the city , including a giant wooden barrier wall to protect New Amsterdam from the British attack -- the namesake for Wall Street . Around the corner , just east along Duane Street , there 's a small plot saved from the building plans with a monument to those buried here -- along with visible mounds of crypts underground . LonelyPlanet.com : John Lennon 's New York City  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Lower Manhattan is one of the most under-appreciated parts of New York City Stop at the Trinity Church to see the stained glass and free museum Stone Street offers dining alternatives to unmemorable chain restaurants
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Sirhan B. Sirhan , the convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy , will make a personal appearance before a California parole board for the first time in at least nine years on Wednesday , supported by two psychologists ' reports saying he no longer poses a threat to society , his attorney said . And in what a prosecutor and Sirhan 's attorney say will be an extraordinary appearance , one of the surviving shooting victims in the 1968 assassination , retired TV journalist William Weisel , is expected to tell the parole panel that he wo n't object to Sirhan 's release if the board OKs it , Weisel told CNN . Even so , the release of Sirhan , 66 , now serving a life sentence , is a long shot , with only about 10 % of California 's life-sentenced convicts being granted parole , said Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Dahle , who added he plans to oppose Sirhan 's release at Wednesday 's hearing . Weisel , who shared with CNN his prepared statement to the parole board , said he was hit by a stray bullet in the abdomen "  on that terrible evening " a quarter past midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after Kennedy had just won the California primary in his bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Now 73 , Weisel , of Healdsburg , California , was an ABC News associate producer at the time of the shooting . "  I 'm advised that two reputable psychologists , one representing the state of California and the other from Harvard University , have concluded , after examining him -- Sirhan Sirhan -- that if he is granted parole , he would not be a threat to himself and others and the community at large . If this is a fact and the board is inclined to grant him parole after him being in prison for nearly 43 years , I would not be opposed to the decision , " Weisel said in a telephone interview with CNN . Dahle declined to comment on Weisel 's statement or on the psychologists ' reports to the parole board , but he said Weisel 's scheduled appearance would mark the first time during Sirhan 's imprisonment that a surviving witness voiced no objection to his possible parole -- at least since 1970 . Prior to 1970 , "  there 's no record of the proceedings and I do n't know if anyone showed up , " Dahle said . "  It 's fairly unusual . It 's not common , " Dahle added with respect to victims attending a parole hearing and not objecting to the prisoner being released . "  We do n't get many , at least in cases in Los Angeles County -- where we get victims or victims ' next of kin coming to cases . It 's an expensive proposition . " Wednesday will mark Sirhan 's 14th parole hearing , scheduled to be held in the Pleasant Valley State Prison in Coalinga , California , which is 200 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles . Members of the Kennedy family and their representatives did n't return messages or e-mails seeking a comment . Sirhan 's attorney , William Pepper , an international human rights attorney and a barrister with offices in New York and London , said he and Sirhan were "  very grateful " for Weisel 's statement . Sirhan , 63 , is serving a life sentence for killing Kennedy and wounding five other persons in the kitchen pantry of the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles -- the hotel was later razed and a public school now occupies the site . Sirhan was convicted of first-degree murder and five counts of assault with attempt to commit murder . Four of those five surviving victims are alive , including Weisel . The others are Paul Schrade , a Kennedy family friend and former UAW Union regional leader ; Ira Goldstein , a former radio journalist ; and Elizabeth Y. Evans , a friend of the late Pierre Salinger . A Palestinian Christian who was born in Jerusalem and whose parents brought him and his siblings to America in the 1950s , Sirhan killed Kennedy because of statements the New York senator made about the United States sending fighter jets to aid Israel , prosecutors argued during Sirhan 's 1969 trial . In 1968 , Sen. Kennedy , younger brother of the assassinated U.S. President John F. Kennedy , was a leading contender for the Democratic presidential nomination against Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Sen. Eugene McCarthy . Kennedy was shot only minutes after claiming victory over McCarthy in a hotel ballroom speech televised live to American households . The Kennedy shooting in the hotel 's kitchen pantry only moments later was not captured by any cameras . Sirhan was the only person arrested in the shooting . Sirhan has Jordanian citizenship but never became a U.S. citizen , so if the parole board were to release him , he would be deemed an illegal immigrant and deported to Jordan , where he has extended family , his attorney said . Sirhan 's younger brother , Munir , 63 , continues to live in the Southern California community where the Sirhan family siblings were raised , Munir Sirhan said . Sirhan Sirhan "  has maintained a good relationship with his brother and he would love to live with this brother in Pasadena , but that 's very unlikely because of his immigration status , " Pepper said . Daniel Brown , an associate clinical professor in psychology at Harvard Medical School , has submitted a statement to the parole board after interviewing Sirhan for 60 hours over a three-year period , Pepper said . "  The report is part of a sealed file , but I can say that Sirhan does not have any violent tendency that should be regarded as a threat to the community , " Pepper said . Brown 's report "  confirms Sirhan 's legitimacy of the loss of his memory , " including in the pantry during the shooting and in moments of his life in the year prior to the Kennedy slaying , Pepper said . "  Sirhan has at various times taken responsibility  for the Robert Kennedy assassination  , but the actual fact is that he does n't remember what happened in the pantry at all . But because everyone around there told him he did it and he had a pistol and he did fire that pistol , he came to believe that he was actually guilty , " Pepper said . Sirhan shows no sign of mental illness and has demonstrated remorse for the shootings , Pepper said . Sirhan has been "  free of any disciplinary rulings against him " in prison , Pepper said . "  He 's said no day of his life goes by where he does n't have remorse and deep regret that this took place and the role he played in this thing , " Pepper said . "  He 's not schizophrenic or psychotic , and he has not shown any history of violence during incarceration . " Pepper said he became Sirhan 's pro bono attorney in the fall of 2007 after he learned of the results of an audio analysis conducted on a sound track of the Kennedy shooting . The audio recording , made 40 feet away from the crime scene by free-lance newspaper reporter Stanislaw Pruszynski , is the only known recording of the gunshots in that June 1968 assassination . Pepper said he believes the Pruszynski recording is evidence showing that there was a second gun firing in addition to Sirhan 's Iver-Johnson handgun . The tape was uncovered in 2004 by CNN 's Brad Johnson , who had the recording independently examined by two audio analysts , Spence Whitehead in Atlanta , Georgia , and Philip Van Praag in Tucson , Arizona . Johnson reported on their separate findings for CNN 's Backstory in June 2009 . Watch Johnson 's report from 2009 But the parole board wo n't hear arguments on the second-gun evidence , Pepper said . Rather , the parole panel will focus on Sirhan 's suitability for parole , he said . The Pruszynski recording "  clearly showed that 13 shots were fired in the pantry , and Sirhan 's gun had only eight shots , so it definitely means there was a second shooter , " Pepper said . But Weisel , joined by authorities who have dismissed the second-gun assertion , said he was convinced that Sirhan was a lone gunman . "  I 've seen so many theories after 43 years . Please -- I think you can have a conspiracy in a dictatorship and some countries , but I do n't think so in a democracy or our country where there is freedom of speech , " Weisel said . However , another shooting victim sees it differently than Weisel : Schrade . He is a Kennedy friend who was shot in the forehead while standing immediately behind Robert Kennedy in the pantry . In 2008 , Schrade , now 86 , told CNN that he believes evidence clearly shows Sirhan was not the only person who fired shots in that assassination . "  We have proof that the second shooter was behind us and off to our right . Sirhan was off to the left and in front of us , " Schrade told CNN anchor Adrian Finighan . Watch interview with Paul Schrade Schrade declined to comment to CNN this week about Wednesday 's scheduled parole hearing for Sirhan . In a 2006 interview on CNN 's Larry King Live , Weisel recounted how Kennedy and he were shot . "  Well , I was right behind Bobby . We were following him to go downstairs and speak to another group of people . And I was going with our cameraman down to show him where to plug in . And so we followed Bobby , and the shooting started , " Weisel said . He said after Kennedy was struck three times , he was shot once in the stomach . Dahle , the deputy district attorney , said Sirhan was n't present at his last two parole hearings , in 2003 and 2006 , which Dahle attended . Pepper said he was chairman of Kennedy 's citizens campaign in Westchester County , New York , during his successful 1964 bid for the U.S. Senate , and Pepper 's duties included taking Kennedy 's sisters and mother to political events . He said he was also a volunteer in the successful 1960 presidential campaign of Kennedy 's brother , John Kennedy . In 1999 , Pepper represented the Rev. Martin Luther King 's family in a wrongful death lawsuit concerning King 's April 4 , 1968 , murder and successfully persuaded a Memphis , Tennessee , jury to find Lloyd Jowers responsible as an accomplice in the King assassination . If Sirhan is denied parole , Pepper said he would consider appealing the matter to the courts . Sirhan was initially sentenced to death , but three years later that sentence was commuted by California courts to life imprisonment plus six months to 14 years in prison , to run concurrently .	One of the surviving shooting victims will not oppose parole if the board OKs it Two psychologists ' reports say Sirhan poses no threat to society , his attorney says Sirhan , 66 , serving life sentence for 1968 slaying of Robert Kennedy
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A year ago , Nintendo announced the Wii U , the next generation of its massively popular gaming system that incorporates a handheld controller with its own video screen into play with the more traditional Wii console . On Tuesday , at the world 's largest video-game gathering , the company was still explaining it -- and not sparing any superlatives in doing so . "  It changes your gaming . It changes how you interact with your gaming friends . And it changes the way you enjoy your TV , " said Reggie Fils-Aime , president and CEO of Nintendo of America . "  It 's not just intuitive , not just accessible to everyone , but it stands to revolutionize your living room . " Having showcased the Wii U hardware at last year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo , the focus at Tuesday 's Nintendo event was on games : 23 of them , to be exact . They ranged from "  Super Mario Brothers U , " the inevitable arrival of Nintendo 's most enduring and beloved character , to "  Batman Arkham City : Armored Edition , " a new take on the popular action franchise . But while the titles were plentiful , the real focus was on how the Wii U will make them different . At the forefront is what the company is calling "  asymmetric game play . " What that means is that a player using the system 's new handheld controller -- it looks like a tablet computer , with a screen and buttons -- can share the same game with other players who are using traditional keypads . But that player 's objectives and experience will be different than the others . "  The player with the game pad takes on a special role , " said Katsuya Eguchi , the developer of "  NintendoLand , " a game that will combine characters and settings from 12 Nintendo titles into one "  greatest hits " game . "  It 's playing the same game world as the other players , but with a different perspective , different information and a completely different role . " In one of those mini-games , "  Luigi 's Ghost Mansion , " up to four players using traditional controllers play as ghost hunters , while another with one of the new game pads is the ghost . The "  ghost " sees more than the other players on the pad 's video screen and plays against the others . In turning to Eguchi to create "  NintendoLand , " the company is hoping to answer any lingering questions about whether the Wii U is simply a handheld gaming device attached to a Wii . He developed "  Wii Sports Tennis , " the game the company credits with most clearly and easily showcasing what the Wii could do when it was released six years ago . "  For Wii U , ` NintendoLand ' does the same thing , " Fils-Aime said . "  Play it , and you begin to understand . " The game will be released at the same time as the Wii U this holiday season , Fils-Aime said . No price for the system has been announced . The Nintendo event marked the second straight day that one of the three major gaming console makers used the big stage of E3 to focus on "  second screen " gaming . On Monday , Microsoft unveiled its SmartGlass system , which lets players use their tablets or smartphones in conjunction with its Xbox 360 . Other titles announced for the system included "  Wii Fit U , " a new version of the exercise program that has sold more than 43 million copies ; "  Sing , " a karaoke game that lets players user the new game pad to read lyrics ; and , in a nod to hard-core gamers , "  Mass Effect 3 , " the latest in the acclaimed role playing-game series . On its Twitter feed , game creator Bioware noted that the title represents its debut on the Wii and that the game will be available when the Wii U launches . But "  Mass Effect " and "  Arkham City " were n't enough to please some hard-core gamers , many of whom are down on Nintendo for what they see as its focus on games geared toward a more casual , family-friendly audience . "  I 'm not really sure what Nintendo wants to be ... , " said Morgan Webb , host of G4 network 's X-Play . "  Nintendo has abandoned the core gaming audience even though they like to pretend they 're not . " For the handheld Nintendo 3DS , the company announced upcoming titles , including "  Disney Epic Mickey : Power of Illusion " and "  Paper Mario : Sticker Star . "	Nintendo rolls out 23 titles for the upcoming Wii U System 's handheld game pad offers different perspectives New "  Super Mario , " "  Batman Arkham City " and "  Mass Effect " titles are planned Wii U is expected to be released this holiday season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There is a mathematical reason why the French Open is so different to any other of the Grand Slam tennis tournaments . Clay courts require a different type of game to grass and hard court surfaces The Roland Garros tournament is currently being contested , with Rafael Nadal looking for his fifth win in a row , and world number two Roger Federer searching for his first ever French Open title .  Get the latest French Open news What has brought problems to Federer , and to other greats like Pete Sampras and Boris Becker -- who never won a French Open , is the clay surface on which it is contested . The maths of the clay surface are distinctly different to grass or hard-court surfaces . All officially recognized courts have a court pace rating  CPR  , which rates the "  speed " of the court -- and clay courts are at the bottom . The crushed-brick mixture that constitutes the base of a clay court produces a the highest bounce and most friction of the three surfaces , meaning they have the lowest CPR of all three surface types and are considered as the "  slowest " . Grass courts are generally have the highest CPR numbers , and are the "  fastest " courts . The CPR numbers give a hint as to whether a ball will bounce higher or lower on a specific surface , and how much friction there is to either slow the ball or allow it to skid on . An example court pace rating for each surface may be 23 for a clay court , 35 for a hard court and 46 for a grass court .  Try our special interactive to see how tennis ball bounce on different surfaces " This number is calculated by considering both horizontal speed and vertical bounce of a tennis ball off a court . The equation used is CPR = SPR + 150 x  0.81-e  . To make more sense of this , the International Tennis Federation , the game 's law-makers , have produced a chart which simply matches the coefficient of friction  friction  and coefficient of restitution  bounce  to produce a court pace rating . But it 's not just the bounce and speed of the ball off the clay surface that sets it apart from other courts , and makes the French Open an elusive tournament for some players . Head of women 's tennis at Britain 's Lawn Tennis Association  LTA  , Nigel Sears , told CNN the slippery nature of the clay surface also set it apart from other types of court . "  The main factor that makes it different is that it 's a loose surface . That allows players to slide on it . " The loose surface and different clay characteristics meant the crushed-brick surface required a different game plan , he said . "  Players are a lot further back on the clay surface . If you look at Nadal , his return of service points of contact are different to other surfaces ... on clay he can sit back . " The slower pace and higher bounce also meant big servers like Sampras were negated on clay and certain types of players were better suited to it , Sears said . "  Clay magnifies spin . So the slice is effective on clay ... and you can also produce a lot of top spin . One of the problems Federer has on clay is that he has a single-handed backhand , and Nadal can get so much spin -- so Federer is trying to hit single-handed shots up around his shoulder . " The clay approach was slightly different in women 's tennis , however , as some players tended to approach clay matches similar to hard-court games , he said . Sears said endurance was also a crucial advantage on clay , particularly at Roland Garros . "  You tend to have longer rallies on clay . The French Open is so physical with five-set matches . When somebody faces Nadal to five sets no-one can compete with him physically , " he said .	Clay , grass and hard tennis court surfaces all produce different bounces The speed and bounce of certain courts can adversely affect a player 's game Use the CNN interactive to see how the bounce differs on each surface
CNN  -- Inter Milan exited this season 's Champions League to Marseille in a dramatic finish to their last 16 , second leg tie in the San Siro Tuesday . Trailing visitors Marseille 1-0 from the first leg , 2010 winners Inter leveled on aggregate through a Diego Milito goal in the 75th minute . The match looked headed for extra time until a long clearance found Marseille substitute Brandao , who eluded two defenders before beating Julio Cesar with a low shot . Inter were stunned but had time for one more attack , Giampaolo Pazzini earning a penalty as he was brought down by Marseille goalkeeper Steve Mandanda , who was sent off for a second yellow card . Pazzini converted the penalty with the last kick of the match as it finished 2-2 on aggregate . But the French side went through on the away goals rule to reach the quarterfinals of the competition for the first time since 1993 The defeat will heap the pressure on Inter 's coach Claudio Ranieri , who has seen his side win just once in 11 games to slide down Serie A. Both Wesley Sneijder , who was later substituted , and Milito spurned cast-iron chances in the first half to give Inter some breathing space in the tie and they paid a heavy price . "  This match is a picture of our season , we played better than Marseille and even tonight we had the clearer chances , " Ranieri told Italian television . "  Over 180 minutes Marseille had three shots on goal but in football the team who wins is the one that scores , so well done to them . "  This year we have n't had any luck , I ca n't ask the team for more . " Meanwhile , Mario Gomez scored four goals for Bayern Munich as they romped into the quarterfinals with a 7-0 rout of FC Basel . Bayern trailed 1-0 from the first leg , but their Swiss visitors were overwhelmed in the Allianz Arena once Arjen Robben had scored the opener after just 10 minutes . The Bavarian giants had warmed up for the match with a 7-1 rout of Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga Saturday and continued in the same vein . Thomas Mueller added the second on 42 minutes before Gomez grabbed the first of his tally on the stroke of half-time . He added three further second half goals in the space of 17 minutes with Robben rounding off Basel 's humiliation with his second before the finish . "  It was fun to play in that . To score seven goals in a Champions League match speaks for itself , " said Robben . "  Fourteen goals in our last two games speaks volumes for the way we have played , " he told gathered reporters . In the English Premier League Tuesday , Liverpool beat Merseyside rivals Everton 3-0 with captain Steven Gerrard scoring a hat-trick . Everton could have gone above their neighbors with victory at Anfield but were always on the back foot after Gerrard 's superb lobbed goal in the 34th effort . Luis Suarez set him up for his second after the break and he rounded off his triple in stoppage time . The result leaves Liverpool two points behind sixth-placed Newcastle in the standings .	Bayern Munich rout Basel 7-0 in Champions League last 16 Mario Gomez scores four in the Allianz Arena as Bayern win 7-1 on aggregate 2010 Champions League winners Inter beat Marseille 2-1 but exit on away goals Steven Gerrard hat-trick as Liverpool beat Everton 3-0 in EPL
CNN  -- The Emmys will be Sunday night at the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles , and AMC , HBO and Showtime have nabbed a huge chunk of the major nods this year . This yet again sparks the question that has been looming around the industry for years : Is the quality of programming from the major broadcast networks on the decline ? Numbers do n't lie When the nominations for the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards were announced , HBO received 104 , the most of any network for the 11th year in a row . With multiple opportunities to win for "  Mildred Pierce "  21  , "  Boardwalk Empire "  18  , "  Game of Thrones "  13  and the miniseries "  Too Big to Fail "  11  , the cable network  which is owned by CNN 's parent company  is poised to show up strong at this year 's awards . However , to be fair , major network comedies also received multiple nominations , including ABC 's "  Modern Family "  17  ; NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live "  16  and "  30 Rock "  13  ; and FOX 's "  Glee "  12  . Still , it 's hard not to notice the lack of major network dramas in that list . For some perspective , here is a breakdown of the most nominated networks for the 2011 Emmy Awards : HBO : 104 CBS : 50 NBC : 46 PBS : 43 Fox : 42 ABC : 40 AMC : 29 Showtime : 21 Comedy Central : 11 ReelzChannel : 10 Major network nominations total 188 , while cable television nominations earned a grand total of 271 . PBS received 43 nominations . So , one ca n't help but wonder : What is cable doing that major networks are n't , in terms of drama ? No more drama ? "  Mad Men " creator and executive producer Matt Weiner has his own theory . He told the Los Angeles Times : "  Cable has found a way to tap into a lot of frustrated creativity and exploit it financially . I can literally look at these shows on basic cable and pick where they would have been 10 years ago on network TV ; some would not have been on at all . " Also , for the most part , cable series have shorter seasons than those on major networks . They usually run 10 to 13 episodes , as opposed to network television 's 23 episodes a season . Shorter seasons tend to mean tighter storytelling and less "  filler " episodes .  "  Desperate Housewives , " we are looking at you . A perfect example of this is AMC 's dramatic series "  The Killing , " which based its entire short season on one murder . Every episode of "  The Killing " had the viewer glued to the small screen , thanks to the show 's tight storytelling , outstanding acting and production qualities . It is much easier to keep a narrative interesting over 13 shows  without having to include unnecessary storyline filler  as opposed to a typical network season of 22 shows . While a longer season is perfect for procedural dramas like "  CSI , " "  Criminal Minds " and "  Law & Order : SVU , " shows that rely heavily on episodic storytelling have huge advantages with a shorter season . Another thing cable networks are doing extremely well is delivering shows with outstanding production values . Shows featured on HBO and AMC often have lavish , visually striking sets that could easily be the backdrop of a major motion picture . Last but not least , cable networks are blessed with the freedom to program to a niche audience . Network programming has been forced to cast a wider net , playing to the lowest common denominator . For instance , ABC 's forthcoming remake of "  Charlie 's Angels " is a show that viewers would probably never see on an AMC network because of the pure fluff factor . Typically , cable networks tend to focus on producing intelligent shows that do n't necessarily rely on gimmicks like the expected jiggle factor on a show like "  Charlie 's Angels . " "  The Good Wife " is good drama However , one quality drama on network TV does stand out among the crowd . CBS 's "  The Good Wife " starring Julianna Margulies is arguably the best drama on network television right now . The combination of a stellar cast , high-quality writing and a compelling long-term story arc is superior to any other drama airing on the big four networks . The show 's writers clearly value the intelligence of the show 's viewers , and the actors are more than up to the task . Other networks need to look to "  The Good Wife " and start taking more risks . One may argue that there is something for everyone on television these days . However , I 'd like to see more shows in the vein of HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " gracing the television landscape , as opposed to more reboots like CBS 's "  Hawaii Five-O " and shows like the NBC dramedy "  Harry 's Law . "	The Emmys will be Sunday night at the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles AMC , HBO and Showtime have nabbed a huge chunk of the major nods this year HBO received 104 nominations , the most of any network for the 11th year in a row
CNN  -- Bayern Munich chief Karl-Heinz Rummenigge has signaled his support for a winter World Cup in Qatar in 2022 but with the crucial caveat that any change to the football calendar must be for a single season only . The former German international striker is also chairman of the European Clubs Association  ECA  , representing over 100 top clubs , including Champions League holders Bayern . "  Everyone of us has the understanding that it is acceptable just to change one season , " he told CNN . "  I know that there may be discussions about a second or third season but that is not acceptable to the clubs or the leagues , " he added . Ever since Qatar was awarded the rights to host the 2022 finals there has been an ongoing controversy over the dates of the competition because of the climactic conditions in the Gulf state in June and July , when it it is scheduled to be played . Earlier this month , FIFA secretary-general Jerome Valcke gave a radio interview in France in which he appeared to suggest that the world governing body had already decided to switch to a November starting date to avoid average summer temperatures of between 35 degrees Celsius  95 Fahrenheit  and 45 degrees  113 Fahrenheit  . FIFA moved quickly to qualify his remarks , saying the decision was subject to an "  ongoing consultation process " with key stakeholders such as the major European leagues . Rummenigge , 58 , told CNN that "  it is not very intelligent playing a World Cup in the summer in Qatar when it is too hot , something like 50 degrees Celsius . "  It 's not good for the players or the supporters and it would be wise to find a better date , " he added . But Rummenigge acknowledged this would not be an easy task , with the English Premier League voicing its opposition to a winter World Cup . "  We have to find is the best date acceptable for leagues , clubs and federation because if you change to the Valcke idea of mid-November to December that would completely change the calendar for the Premier League and Bundesliga . " He revealed that a survey of ECA clubs , had come out in favor of either a November or January starting date . But the latter option would lead to a clash with the 2022 Winter Olympics and Rummenigge was keen to avoid disrupting the Games . "  We have to be careful not to damage a big event , " he said . Rummenigge was a two-time European Footballer of the Year during his playing career , mostly spent at Bayern . He also helped Germany to the 1980 European Championships and to the runners-up spot in the 1982 and 1986 World Cups . Currently chief executive officer at Bayern , he has overseen their recent triumphs , which included last season 's triple of Bundesliga , German Cup and Champions League . Rummenigge has worked closely with club president and chairman Uli Hoeness , who is awaiting trial in Germany for alleged tax evasion . Rummenigge has stood by his former club and international teammate , who has remained on the Bayern Munich board despite the charges against him , which could carry a jail term if he is found guilty . At the annual meeting of the Bavarian giants last November , Rummenigge 's words of support for Hoeness moved the 62-year-old to tears and he promised to put himself up for re-election after his trial , which is scheduled for March . "  We hope the outcome will be good for him and he can continue his life work with Bayern Munich , " said Rummenigge . Bayern will emerge from the Bundesliga winter break of five weeks Friday with a match against Borussia Moenchengladbach with a seven-point lead and still on course to repeat their triple of last season .	Bayern chief Karl-Heinz Rummenigge says 2022 World Cup should be played in winter Playing in summer heat in Qatar ` not very intelligent ' Rummenigge also chairs European Clubs Association of 100 top clubs Demands changes to the football calendar be for a single season only
CNN  -- Jacob Zuma insists the World Cup has already brought South Africa closer together , five days before the tournament begins . The South African president says football fervor has gripped the nation ahead of the opening on game on Friday , which sees South Africa take on Mexico at the Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg . And Zuma is hoping the month-long competition can have the same benefit for the nation as the Rugby World Cup did in 1995 . "  The enthusiasm , joy and excitement that has engulfed the entire nation in recent weeks has not been witnessed since president Nelson Mandela was released from prison -LSB- in 1990 -RSB- , " Zuma told a press conference . "  The explosion of national pride has been a priceless benefit . It 's clear that millions of our people look upon this tournament with hope , pride and sense of belonging . "  The South African flag has become the most popular item on the shopping list of South Africans and this augurs well for our nation-building . " The build-up to the World Cup has been dominated by speculation that the host stadiums may not be completed in time , or that the necessary infrastructure may not be in place , but Zuma has declared the country ready to host one of the world 's biggest sporting events . "  We are truly pleased and humbled to host the world in our country for this historical and extraordinary event . South Africa is more than ready . For us the World Cup has already begun . " Zuma and FIFA president Sepp Blatter also paid tribute to former South African president Nelson Mandela , and the role he played in securing Africa 's first World Cup . "  At this point it is proper for me to acknowledge and thank our founding president and icon , Nelson Mandela , for his visionary leadership and statesmanship , " said Zuma . "  He also worked hard personally to bring us to this glorious moment . He would love to be there . Whether he will be there on the day depends entirely on the former president . . "  If he did not appear , we would understand . If he is there , it will be a bonus for this tournament . We wish he would be there . "	South African president Jacob Zuma insists the World Cup is uniting the nation Zuma says the national pride on show is of "  priceless benefit " The World Cup begins on Friday when South African play Mexico Zuma says he hopes former president Nelson Mandela will attend the World Cup
CNN Student News  -- September 28 , 2012 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : New York City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
The Frisky  -- I once told my mother about a girl I had a crush on . At the time , I think I was about 16 , and I had so much acne that if I fell asleep at a library , when I woke up , a blind guy would be trying to read my face . "  Just go for her , " my mother said . "  It 's not that simple , " I said , while filling out my order form for 25 crates of Noxzema . "  She 's got a boyfriend . " "  Well , do n't do anything differently . Act like she does n't . That 's how I got your father . " She then walked out of the room , leaving my pasty teenage complexion an extra shade of white as I actually contemplated my mother dating . I 've since related this story as an example of how hitting on someone with a significant other is n't always a terrible thing . Hey , if they 're not married or serious , go for it . However , if you 're considering trying to get a guy who has a girlfriend , there are a few things you should know . The Frisky : The Top 5 online dating do 's and do n'ts for guys First , I 'll admit guys will hit on anything . I once observed one of my friends hitting on a street sign . Granted , he was drunk , but it did not matter to him that he was hitting on an inanimate object , or that the street sign was a little out of his league . Men do have standards , but when they 're single , they 'll hit on a woman with a boyfriend . They 'll hit on nuns . Very occasionally , they 'll hit on nuns with boyfriends . I 'm not going to defame my own kind , but women can be better at subtlety , and you should use this to your advantage . The Frisky : Is cheating worse when you 're married ? I 'm a big anti-cheating guy , so if a woman hit on me while I had a girlfriend , I 'd be flattered . If she offered to go home with me or tried to kiss me or something like that , milk would shoot out of my nose and I 'd run for the hills .  I have an odd fight-or-flight mechanism .  Subtlety is your friend . We 'll pick up on the signals . If a guy is interested , wait for him to honorably break up with his girlfriend before the two of you start dating . Frankly , this is just good manners . The Frisky : To tell or not to tell on a cheater ? It should go without saying that it 's bad form to hit on a guy while his girlfriend is actually there , or even if she 's in the same town . Men have a well-honed sense of panic that kicks in when someone 's hitting on them while their girlfriends are in the same ZIP code . We know that women can read us , so unless you 're hitting on a really shady guy , you 'll scare him off as he runs home to call his girl and tell the story of the Evil Homewrecking Woman . The Frisky : Can couples get past infidelity ? One last thing : If you do snag a guy away from his girlfriend , be wary . The good news is that , despite the popular perception , most of us men tend to be loyal once we 're in a committed relationship . But know that if it happened once , it can happen again . TM &  2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Writer : Some guys will hit on anything -- even inanimate objects Writer : Hitting on a man when his girlfriend is nearby could make you "  Evil Homewrecking Woman " If you snag him away from someone , be wary : It could happen again , writer says
CNN  -- Jessica Simpson 's name dominated headlines for months in 2009 as critics picked apart everything from her weight to her romantic relationships . The onslaught of attention was so extreme , Simpson said on Wednesday 's "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " she could n't escape it . "  The judgment of people . ... Those voices are sometimes in my head when I fall asleep , " the singer said . Even when she 's walking through an airport , she is n't free from people 's opinions , she said . "  I was going through security getting a pat down , and the woman goes , ` Oh , you 're really not that big , ' " Simpson recalled . "  I walk away from a moment like that thinking that people really think that I 'm 245 pounds . " But the numbers on her scale have n't been her only public embarrassment . Simpson 's romantic life also became fodder for the media after former boyfriend John Mayer told Playboy magazine that having sex with her was like being exposed to "  sexual napalm . " "  I could n't read the John Mayer article , " Simpson said . "  I heard about it and I saw some of the clips . I tried to read it , and I was so disappointed in him ... it made me so sad . It was so discouraging , because that 's not the John I knew . " While Simpson does n't want people to know the intimate details of her personal life , she admits it could 've been a lot worse . "  My phone is ringing off the hook , I must say , " she laughed . All jokes aside , Simpson said she did feel betrayed by her ex-boyfriend , whom she dated on and off for two years , and has yet to accept his apology . "  I do n't resent him , " she said , "  but I 'm just going to let that part of my life go . " Yet of all the events in the past few years that have affected Simpson , the now infamous pair of "  mom jeans " she wore while performing at a chili cook-off in January 2009 have taken the greatest toll . "  The sad part about it is that when everything came out , I did n't want to sit down and talk to anyone about it because I felt guilty , " she said . "  I felt like if people look at me and they 're a size bigger , they think they 're fat because of what the media was saying . I did n't want to feed into it . " Now , Simpson said she 's found self-acceptance . "  I 'm comfortable with me . I love my curves . I 'm not ever going to be a size 0 and weigh 90 pounds , " she said . Simpson dropped weight for her 2005 film , "  The Dukes of Hazzard , " but insisted it was just for a role . The constant chatter about her dress size was part of the inspiration for Simpson 's VH1 show , "  The Price of Beauty , " in which she visits seven countries to learn the lengths that women go to for beauty . Cameras follow Simpson -- accompanied by friends Ken Paves , a celebrity hairstylist , and CaCee Cobb -- as she tries a flesh-eating fish pedicure in Japan and a detoxifying drink made from cow urine in India . Simpson says filming the show has given her a new outlook on what it means to feel beautiful . "  No one else can define beauty but me , " she said . "  Nobody 's words , nobody 's compliments , nobody 's love -- it 's all what I have within myself . I finally relaxed , and I do n't care what people have to say about my weight . I think I look great . "	Jessica Simpson has been silent about the gossip surrounding her weight and relationships On Wednesday , she told Oprah Winfrey how difficult the criticism has been The negative attention to her weight inspired her to do a show about global beauty Now , Simpson has found self-acceptance , she told Winfrey
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Five U.S. service members were killed when a helicopter crashed in southern Afghanistan , a U.S. official said early Tuesday . The chopper went down Monday in the Daman district of southern Kandahar during a rain storm , said Jawid Faisal , a government spokesman for the province . There was no enemy activity in the area at the time of the incident , according to a statement by the International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  . The U.S. official , who did not want to be identified , did not offer additional information about the victims . It was the first coalition helicopter crash with fatalities since September , when two separate crashes killed a total of 11 coalition service members . One occurred in early September , killing two ; the other in the third week , killing seven service members and injuring two more . There were no reports of enemy fire in either of those incidents . There have been 18 coalition deaths in 2013 , including two U.S. service members who were killed Monday by an assailant wearing an Afghan National Security Forces uniform . The deaths come just after newly installed U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited Afghanistan on his first overseas trip since his confirmation and as coalition members draw down their forces in the nation where war has been ongoing since 2001 . In August 2011 , a helicopter went down killing at least 30 U.S. service members , the single deadliest loss for U.S. troops in the Afghan war . Insurgents shot down the CH-47 Chinook , which was carrying 25 U.S. special operations forces . Some the those who died belonged to the same covert unit that conducted the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , though they were not the same men , a military official said at the time . 3 killed when Navy plane crashes CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report ; Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta	NEW : A U.S. official says those killed were Americans Crash happens in southern Afghanistan on Monday Military says there was no enemy activity in the area There have been 18 coalition deaths in 2013
CNN  -- "  I was immersed in green . Everything was green . And the air -- the air was crisp and clean and just seemed to have more oxygen in it . " This is the effect Scotland seems to have on people . Jill Thornton , quoted above , visited Scotland in June . She 'd been wanting to go for 10 years and described her trip -- though only three days long -- as "  perfection . " Scotland has voted to remain a part of the United Kingdom , but still , the country seems to have a complex flavor all its own . Click through the gallery to get to know Scotland 's slightly wild streak , wide-open spaces and sense of self-reliance .	Scotland voted no to independence from the UK on September 18 It 's home to stunning scenery , historic castles and culture-heavy cities Get to know bonny Scotland through travel photos submitted by iReporters Have an image to add ? Share it via CNN iReport
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The confirmation of five cholera cases in Haiti 's capital is a "  very worrying development , " a U.N. spokeswoman told CNN . Public health officials are working to keep the country 's cholera outbreak from spreading in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , where tens of thousands of people are still living in sprawling tent cities after January 's devastating 7.0-magnitude earthquake . The fast-moving outbreak has claimed at least 253 lives on the impoverished island nation , and another 3,015 cases have been reported , according to Haiti 's health ministry . Port-au-Prince could still be safe . The five patients were infected north of the capital , and those confirmed cases do not mean cholera has spread to Port-au-Prince , Imogen Wall , spokeswoman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in Haiti , told CNN . "  Our response system worked , but obviously this is a very worrying development , " she said . The five patients in Port-au-Prince were infected in Artibonite , north of the capital , Wall said . They traveled to the nation 's main city , where health officials discovered them to be infected within the incubation period , she said . The five have been isolated and are receiving treatment , she said . But meanwhile , officials are stepping up sanitation efforts and setting up quarantine areas in Port-au-Prince . And authorities are bracing themselves for a possible larger outbreak nationwide . "  I think the only responsible thing we can do at the moment is prepare and plan for the worst case scenario , " Wall said . Wall said aid organizations are working on constructing facilities to treat patients and sending more doctors to the affected areas . "  We 're all right for supplies ... but we 're short on medical personnel , " she said . The cholera outbreak comes after recent heavy rains caused the banks of the Artibonite River to overflow and flood the area . The river was dammed in 1956 to create Lac de Peligre and is Haiti 's dominant drainage system . On Friday , officials with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the U.S. Agency for International Development discussed the outbreak and efforts to work out a containment strategy . The CDC will send an 11-member team to Haiti over the next few days to find out which antibiotics will be most effective in treating the cholera outbreak . USAID will provide supplies needed to set up treatment centers . The group has already prepositioned 300,000 oral re-hydration kits and are distributing water purification kits in affected areas . Cholera is caused by a bacterial infection of the intestine and , in severe cases , is characterized by diarrhea , vomiting and leg cramps , according to the CDC . In such cases , rapid loss of body fluids can lead to dehydration and shock . "  Without treatment , death can occur within hours , " the agency says . A person can get cholera by drinking water or eating food contaminated with the bacteria . During epidemics , the source of the contamination is often the feces of an infected person , and infections can spread rapidly in areas where there is poor sewage treatment and a lack of clean drinking water . All the reported cases in the Lower Artibonite involve severe diarrhea and vomiting , Wall said . Ian Rawson , director of Hospital Albert Schweitzer Haiti near Verrettes , said patients began showing cholera-like symptoms on October 16 . The pace picked up significantly Tuesday and beyond , though he said the situation was under control Friday at his 80-bed facility about 16 miles east of Saint Marc . "  So far , we 've been able to manage it , " Rawson said , noting that new patients were now coming in via pick-up trucks about every 10 minutes . Temperatures in the mid-90s exacerbated the dual concerns about dehydration and people contracting cholera by drinking tainted water . People lined roadsides in and around villages with buckets , hoping that passersby might have clean water , said Eric Lotz , Haiti 's national director for the nonprofit Operation Blessing . The U.N. mission in Haiti credited access to clean water and free medical facilities for preventing feared outbreaks of cholera and tuberculosis . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises across Haiti from cholera Authorities are bracing for a possible larger outbreak nationwide Five cases of cholera are confirmed in Port-au-Prince The outbreak has killed more than 250 people
CNN  -- A giant panda at the San Diego Zoo gave birth to a cub the size of a stick of butter on Wednesday , her fifth cub born in the zoo since 1999 . The public can view live video of the cub and its mother , Bai Yun , on the zoo 's Web site . The sex of the mostly hairless , pink newborn , which was born around 5 a.m. , is not known yet , said Dr. Ron Swaisgood of the zoo 's Institute of Conservation Research . It will take about one month for the iconic black-and-white coloration of the giant panda to become visible , Swaisgood said . Its mother , Bai Yun , will care for the newborn by herself until she starts leaving the den regularly , at which time members of the zoo 's giant panda team will step in briefly to check on the cub , he said . "  She is a very experienced mother . She raised all of her other cubs until about 1.5 years , the natural age for separation , " Swaisgood told CNN Radio . "  She 's a real pro . " Weighing in around 300 pounds , Bai Yun is about 1,000 times the size of her cub , who weighs around 4 ounces. , the typical size of a baby panda , Swaisgood said . "  Pandas give birth to what 's called very ` altricial ' cubs . That means they are very small and fragile . This cub would probably weigh about 4 ounces . It would be pink and hairless and completely dependent on the mother , " he said . The birth is considered a success for the zoo 's Institute for Conservation Research , which works with research and breeding centers around the world to boost the endangered panda population Herself a model of that effort , Bai Yun was the first panda to be born and survive at the breeding center of the China Center for Research and Conservation of the Giant Panda in the Wolong Nature Reserve in 1991 . She has given birth to four other cubs since arriving at the San Diego Zoo in 1996 from China . Two of them have since been returned to China , Swaisgood said . The newborn 's father , Gao Gao , is a wild-born giant panda that arrived at the San Diego Zoo in 2003 from the Wolong Nature Reserve . He will not be involved in raising the cub . The cub will remain in the den with its mother for a few months and gradually start to come out as soon as it is able to walk , Swaisgood said . In four to five months , the cub will be ready for the public , Swaisgood said . Until then , the public can view live video of the cub and its mother on the zoo 's Web site . "  This highly endangered species still requires a lot of attention and assistance , but there is hope for the future , " he said .	Giant panda Bai Yun gives birth to fifth cub at the San Diego Zoo Bai Yun will care for the newborn by herself with zoo staff occasionally checking in Weighing around 300 pounds , Bai Yun is about 1,000 times the size of the cub
CNN  -- On February 14 , when Netflix aired Season 2 of "  House of Cards , " my book , "  The Last Great Senate , " appeared clearly on the desk of Vice President Francis Underwood in Episode 2 . It was as incongruous as it was unexpected . I ca n't think of anyone less likely to read , let alone be inspired by , my narrative history about the statesmen of the great Senate than the scheming , diabolical , Underwood . With the possible exception , that is , of Sen. Mitch McConnell . McConnell , the Senate Republican leader , seeking his sixth term in the Senate , handily defeated Matt Bevin , his tea party opponent , in the Republican primary on May 20 . He has certainly helped the Republican chances of capturing the Senate by spearheading the effort to defeat other potential tea party nominees . But as McConnell turns to his general election campaign against Alison Grimes , it is a good moment to inventory the extraordinary damage that McConnell has done to the Senate over the past 5 1/2 years . Mitch McConnell did not create the hyper-partisan Senate , which has been in a long downward spiral dating back at least to the mid-1990s . But through a deliberate and calculated political strategy , McConnell drove the Senate to a new low . When Barack Obama took office in January 2009 , America was close to plunging into a second Great Depression . In one month , we lost three quarters of a million jobs . Our national narrative is that Americans come together in times of crisis , but it did n't happen this time . Obama faced total partisan opposition despite the potential economic catastrophe . On the economic stimulus , health care , financial regulation , and then virtually everything else , Sen. McConnell did everything in his power to keep the Republicans in lockstep opposition . By any objective measure -- the amount of legislation passed , filibusters conducted , holds applied , executive and judicial nominations blocked -- the Senate has become a more dyspeptic and dysfunctional institution . Again and again , the Senate has failed to fulfill its role as what Walter Mondale once described as "  the nation 's mediator . " Thoughtful debate , principled compromise , and pursuit of the national interest have all been subordinated to the permanent campaign for partisan advantage . It has been a particularly cynical strategy because McConnell knows what the Senate should be . Unlike his predecessors , Trent Lott , who hated the Senate when he arrived and resolved to make it more like the partisan , hard-edged House , and Bill Frist , who never really understood it , McConnell grew up in the great Senate of the 1960s and 1970s . In recent speeches and articles , he has invoked the name of Mike Mansfield , the longest-serving Senate majority leader , capturing the essence of Mansfield 's leadership quite precisely by noting that Mansfield had built a Senate based on "  mutual trust and respect . " Mansfield lived by the Golden Rule and treated everyone -- Democrats and Republicans , veteran senators and new arrivals -- the way he expected to be treated . Although he was a strong Democrat , bipartisanship radiated from Mansfield , who ate breakfast every morning with his best friend , Republican Sen. George Aiken . He understood that America has one president at a time , and Senate leaders have a special responsibility to work with the president , regardless of party . Mansfield was one of President John Kennedy 's closest friends , but he had at least 27 private meetings with President Richard Nixon , and kept his confidences despite their sharp differences on many issues . He was admired for his great knowledge of the world , particularly Asia . He understood that the Senate was the place where senators had to subordinate their individual agendas , to take collective action through principled compromise . In Mansfield 's Senate , pursuit of the national interest and commitment to the institution of the Senate were paramount . No Senate leader could differ more from Mike Mansfield than Mitch McConnell . He has shown constant and visible contempt for the President . He has denounced those who disagree with him on campaign finance disclosure as "  liberal thugs . " He has opposed , or reneged on , every deal struck to make the Senate process nominations more swiftly . He famously said that his highest priority was denying re-election to Obama , when in fact his highest priority should have been making the Senate work in the interests of the country . He personifies the unwillingness of many Republicans to accept the results of presidential elections that they lose , and repeatedly , he has been willing to deadlock the Senate for partisan purposes . The Republican response to criticisms of McConnell has been to attack Majority Leader Harry Reid . But there are light years of differences between Reid . Reid is attempting to run the Senate and enact the legislative program of the President , while McConnell is practicing a strategy of total and utter obstruction . The contrast calls to mind the famous comment of Speaker Sam Rayburn : "  Any jackass can kick down a barn , but it takes a carpenter to build one . " To be sure , the partisan divide in the Senate is far larger than it was in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s . But that reality makes it crucial to have leaders who can bridge those differences to move the country forward . Sen. McConnell has chosen to exacerbate partisan differences rather than overcome them . Starting in 2013 , it was quite clear that many senators -- Democratic and Republican -- shared the anger of the public about the dysfunctional Senate . They were committed to helping the Senate return to "  regular order " : legislating through committees , consideration of amendments , vigorous debate and principled compromise . The Senate showed signs of breaking through the gridlock on a series of issues , including immigration , the budget , the farm bill , and consideration of executive nominations . Progress occurred as Senate Republicans -- veterans and new arrivals -- came forward to work in a constructive , bipartisan fashion . They have always had to work around McConnell . Leaders set the tone , and virtually every serious observer thinks that the Senate would be a far different place if the Republicans were led by someone else , such as Lamar Alexander , Rob Portman , Susan Collins or Bob Corker . In 2012 , McConnell was measuring the drapes in the Majority Leader 's office , when the nation re-elected President Obama and rejected the Republican strategy of obstruction and extremism . Now he is betting on the President 's diminished poll numbers and the impact of a lower Democratic turnout , presenting himself as a leader who can make the Senate function again . It turns out that McConnell does share one thing with the President that he disdains : the audacity of hope . He has the audacity to claim to be a restorer of the Senate , and the hope that people will forget the record of the past 5 1/2 years . The voters of Kentucky will decide whether he gets another term , but the verdict on the damage he has caused in the Senate is already in . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ira Shapiro says Senate is much more divisive place because of Mitch McConnell He argues that the traditions of the Senate have been about "  mutual trust and respect " The Republican Minority Leader has , says Shapiro , taken the Senate to a new low McConnell won GOP primary for his Senate seat , will face Democrat Alison Grimes
CNN  -- The biggest sporting event on the globe may be taking place in Brazil at the World Cup , but try telling that to Royal Ascot . The Royal Meeting kicked off today in typically grandiose style , amid a flurry of hats and horses . The traditional curtain-raiser is the Group One Queen Anne Stakes , a race won so memorably in recent years by Frankel . This year saw an international field which would not have looked out of the place in Brazil , with runners hailing from France , South Africa and the United States as well as the UK and Ireland . The race was won by hot favorite Toronado , giving trainer Richard Hannon Jr. his first Royal Ascot winner in his first season with a license having taken over from his father over the winter . In the Coventry Stakes , Frankie Dettori secured his 48th victory at Ascot by riding The Wow Signal home -- his first win at the course for two years . "  It 's important to start the meeting well , it 's been a few years since my last winner here , but I 'm getting close to 50 now , " he told reporters . Elsewhere , Sole Power sprinted to a second consecutive victory in the King 's Stand Stakes . The seven-year-old , ridden by Richard Hughes , claimed a comfortable victory to underline his class . The day 's feature race , the St James 's Palace Stakes , was billed as a rematch between the John Gosden-trained Kingman , at one time regarded as a worthy successor to Frankel for owner Khalid Abdullah , and surprise 2,000 Guineas winner Night of Thunder . In the event , the race did not disappoint , with Kingman reversing the Guineas result with a devastating victory under James Doyle ; a suitably regal victory on the opening day of a meeting as recognized for its pomp off the track as the racing on it . This meeting traces its ancestry back to 1711 , when Sir William Wyndham , Master of the Royal Buckhounds , was ordered by his monarch to clear Ascot Heath in preparation for a horse race . The bond between this racecourse and royalty runs deep : the Queen herself typically attends all five days , arriving by horse-drawn carriage from Windsor Castle . The Queen 's arrival is the subject of as much fascination as the racing itself , with bookies taking bets on the color of her hat .	World famous Ascot Festival began Tuesday Toronado wins Queen Anne Stakes The Wow Signal won the Coventry Stakes Kingman wins St James 's Palace Stakes
CNN  -- My journey of faith began at age 11 when I began to study the Bible , inspired by Audrey Hepburn in "  The Nun 's Story " and enamored of Jeffrey Hunter in "  King of Kings . " I yearned for the passion and devotion of faith , as expressed Hollywood-style , to deal with my isolation as a child of mixed ethnicity in a black and white world . I did not fit anywhere , and the path of faith seemed to offer the greatest sense of belonging . My African-American father , a lifelong Methodist , and my Japanese mother , without a particular faith , insisted that my siblings and I attend church regularly -- even if they did n't . Because we were in the military , we were exposed to various religions : I explored Catholic and Protestant traditions , as well as Judaism . I had many questions and could not accept faith without understanding . Then , when I was 13 , my mother 's friend invited me to a Buddhist meeting . My mother warned me not to join anything , but I was moved by the beauty of the chanting of "  Namu Myoho Renge Kyo , " known as the Odaimoku or sacred title of the Lotus Sutra . Naturally , because I was told not to , I joined . It was the beginning of a journey culminating in my ordination as a priest in the Nichiren Shu tradition . Within the Nichiren Order , I am the first woman of Japanese and African descent , the only ordained Western woman and the first female priest in the Nichiren Order of North America . Buddhism has been the mainstay of my life , enabling me to understand life 's reality and providing a practice of faith to deal with that reality . I have learned to release the past and not give in to imagination or the future . Buddhism taught me that there is only now , the present moment . Most people understand the law of cause and effect , or very simply "  What goes around , comes around . " When I asked the question "  Why is this happening to me ? " as I explored various faiths , I never received an answer that made sense . Buddhism taught me that my life is the result of causes made in the past and my future would be the result of causes made in the present . The Lotus Sutra , which outlines the path of the bodhisattvas , or those who forgo their own enlightenment to assist others on the path , helped me see that I made the cause to come into this life to fulfill a mission . My personal struggles in life provided me the experience and knowledge to be a bridge for others to find liberation . Buddhist practice around basic concepts has meant liberation from suffering discrimination , racism and even the loneliness of being the only one . Once I applied the concepts , I gained greater understanding that my suffering had purpose , and I could use that suffering to help others . I understood the impermanence of suffering and that being attached to my suffering only created more . My work within the prison system is a direct result of being able to see the Buddha nature within each person . Five years ago , sangha members and I  three women of color  encountered a group of white male inmates , some of whom were white supremacists . All of us were quite surprised , but slowly we developed loving , compassionate relationships through which all of us were able to abandon our preconceptions about each other . Today , our prison group contains people from African , Latino , Asian and European backgrounds , and our conversations touch on the issues of racism and prejudice as well as the development of faith . Society holds some people I 've met in contempt and hatred ; I have seen them grow and find value in themselves even as I grew to love each one of them . Of the seven released since 2005 , three are known to have continued in practice , and only one has re-offended . The practice of Buddhism has much to offer communities of color ; however , it may be difficult to find teachers and practitioners with the necessary experience . There is no national directory . We exist in myriad traditions and cities throughout the U.S. Ordination in many traditions is often difficult and expensive , and finding teachers willing and able to address issues relative to being African-American is sometimes impossible . Yet , progress is being made as we create sanghas within communities of color and assume the roles of clergy and lay teachers . It is definitely time for practitioners of color to step up and make ourselves known . Our communities need us to be present now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Myokei Caine-Barrett .	Lynda Caine-Barrett , of African and Japanese descent , was a spiritual seeker Caine-Barrett found Buddhism at 13 and is now priest in the Nichiren Shu tradition Buddhism is her mainstay , helping her understand the nature of reality and how to live People of color who are practitioners need to make themselves known , she writes
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese court sentenced 55 people on terror charges before thousands of onlookers in a stadium in Xinjiang Province Wednesday , as part of a hardline response to a string of deadly attacks across the country . The trial was held in a stadium in Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture in the restive western province of Xinjiang , before about 7,000 spectators , according to reports . The accused were found guilty by the Higher People 's Court of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of charges including intentional homicide , separatism , and organizing , leading and participating in terrorist activities . Three of the accused were sentenced to death , state media reported , for the murder "  with extreme cruelty " of a family of four in Yining City , using blades and axes , on April 20 . The court named one of those sentenced to death over the attack , whose victims included a three-year-old girl , as Abulimiti Abdullah , state media reported . Pictures from the sentencing showed the accused held on the back of pick-up trucks , dressed in orange jumpsuits and surrounded by security forces . A banner across the back of the stadium read : "  Yili Prefecture Public Judgment , Public Seizure , Public Arrest General Assembly . " Li Minghui , vice-secretary of the prefectural Communist Party committee , vowed to strike hard against terrorists . "  We have the confidence , resolution and capability to take a firm stance , form an iron hand and hit hard and fast like a thunder to vanquish the enemy 's arrogant audacity , " he was reported as saying . "  We will achieve the final victory of this war of the people to stop terrorism and maintain stability . " Report : Extremist groups busted in northwest China ` Deplorable ' show trial Human rights organization Amnesty International called the proceedings a show trial , labeling it "  deplorable " and saying it was no way to address public security concerns in the wake of the violence that has spread from the province . Most of those sentenced were believed to be Uyghurs , it said in a statement . "  Those responsible for the recent violent attacks have shown a callous disregard for human life and must be held to account . But speedy show trials will not deliver justice for the victims , " said William Nee , Amnesty 's China researcher . "  Hastily sentencing people after unfair trials will only exacerbate tensions . " He said Chinese authorities appeared "  more concerned with courting public opinion than justice . " "  It is highly doubtful the accused received fair trials , " he said , adding that those sentenced were believed to be at risk of torture in detention . READ MORE : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's restive west Spate of terror The trial follows a spate of terror attacks in public spaces across China linked to Xinjiang 's Uyghur population , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim minority . The latest bout began when a jeep plowed into crowds in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October , killing five and injuring at least 40 , and have intensified in recent months . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The following month an attack on a train station in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , left three dead , including the attackers , while an attack on an Urumqi market earlier this month killed at least 39 . In response , police in Xinjiang launched a crackdown on extremist groups in the province , arresting 200 suspects and seizing hundreds of explosive devices , Chinese state media reported this week . The state 's anti-terrorist force has been beefed up in Xinjiang , and security tightened around the country . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment towards China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Amnesty said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization . OPINION : China faces its own ` war on terror '	55 people have been sentenced on terror charges in a stadium "  show trial " in China Three were sentenced to death in the stadium in Xinjiang , before 7,000 spectators The trial is part of a response to a string of terror attacks linked to the Uyghur minority Amnesty International has slammed the stadium trial as "  deplorable "
CNN  -- A major investor in convicted swindler Bernie Madoff 's Ponzi scheme drowned in his swimming pool in Florida after a heart attack , his attorney said Monday . The medical examiner 's office confirmed the report . Jeffry Picower , 67 , was found unconscious in his pool shortly after noon Sunday at his Palm Beach , Florida , , home by his wife , Palm Beach police said . He was pronounced dead at Good Samaritan Hospital . Picower 's attorney , William Zabel , told CNN that Picower drowned after suffering a massive heart attack . Sue Jaffe , spokeswoman for the Palm Beach County medical examiner , confirmed those details . In September , Forbes magazine ranked Picower No. 371 among the 400 richest Americans , with a net worth of $ 1 billion . In March , Madoff was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors . He was sentenced to 150 years in prison after pleading guilty to 11 felony counts of fraud , money laundering and perjury . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors . When the Picower Foundation of Palm Beach announced it was shutting down early this year because of Madoff losses , it initially appeared that the prominent philanthropist had been an unfortunate victim of Madoff 's Ponzi scheme . Picower 's 2007 tax return had valued his foundation 's portfolio at $ 955 million . However , in May , court filings by Madoff trustee Irving Picard changed the picture . The trustee 's complaint claimed that Picower had been a key beneficiary of Madoff 's Ponzi scheme for more than 20 years , and "  knew or should have known that -LSB- he -RSB- was profiting from fraud because of the implausibly high rates of return " on his accounts . Those "  anomalous and astronomical rates of return " -- as high as 500 percent in one year and 950 percent in another year -- "  were neither credible nor consistent with legitimate trading activity , and should have caused any reasonable investor ... to inquire further , " the court filings said , referring to Picower as "  a sophisticated investor , accountant and lawyer . " Citing backdated account filings and other bogus paperwork , the complaint contends that "  Picower and the other defendants also knew or should have known that they were reaping the benefits of manipulated purported returns , false documents and fictitious profit . " The Picowers recently told The New York Times that the publicity and controversy surrounding their connection to Bernie Madoff had been a great source of heartache . "  We always have been private people , and having all this play out in the media has taken a big toll on our health , " the couple wrote in response to questions posed by reporters . "  We feel stunned , betrayed , angry , sickened , devastated , " they said , and were only able to draw strength and consolation "  from each other and from the knowledge that we did nothing wrong . "	Jeffry Picower , 67 , found unconscious in his pool in his Palm Beach , Florida Picower drowned after having a heart attack , his attorney and medical examiner say Picower had invested with Bernie Madoff , who was convicted in Ponzi scheme Forbes magazine ranked Picower No. 371 among the 400 richest Americans
CNN  -- A month and a half ago -- 46 days -- Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished over the southern Indian Ocean . The milestone is a somber one because it now allows attorneys to move in . There 's a 45-day federal law that says American lawyers have to wait that long to reach out to a family that 's lost a loved one in a plane crash . What it means is that families can now file suit in American courts against U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. . The only problem : No wreckage has been found . It 's kind of like a murder case without a body . Some relatives of those on board the missing plane said they hope legal avenues can bring new information to light . "  We do n't feel we have a whole lot of other choices because we 're certainly not getting any answers without  legal action  , " Sarah Bajc , partner of Flight 370 passenger Philip Wood , told CNN on Tuesday . The frustration among the families is that Malaysian officials give opinions , but no data , at their briefings . Legal pressure on the Malaysian government , Bajc said , might force it to release data it holds . Attorneys have approached families about compensation lawsuits , but Bajc said the feeling among the relatives is that they do not want to file lawsuits of that type to chase money . Searching but ` no contacts of interest ' Search efforts for MH370 have repeatedly come up empty . The underwater drone scanning the ocean floor started its 10th mission on Tuesday , but there have been "  no contacts of interest " in the first nine , Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . The Bluefin-21 has scanned about 80 % of the intended territory without finding any sign of MH370 . Search leaders said the probe was still at work Wednesday morning . "  If we do n't have the ` black box ' with all the critical information on it , or we do n't have any part of the wreckage , it would be very hard to maintain a claim against Boeing in any court in the United States , " said aviation attorney Daniel Rose , a partner at the firm Kreindler & Kreindler . Some argue the U.S. federal law barring attorneys ' contact with victims ' families for 45 days after an air disaster does not apply to crashes outside the United States . In fact , at least one law firm has already taken the initial steps for a lawsuit . Aviation attorney Monica Kelly said she filed a request for documents and other information in an Illinois court last month in a case against Malaysia Airlines and Boeing . She said she represents Januari Siregar , whose son was aboard Flight 370 . While it may be more difficult to make a case against Boeing , the same ca n't be said for Malaysia Airlines . The Montreal Convention governs such matters . Under international law , families can sue in the country where the passengers bought the ticket , where the airline is based or their final destination . But the lawsuits and the money they may bring will never replace what families have lost or answer all their questions . Sad , angry MH370 relatives in agonizing limbo Waiting for answers Malaysia Airlines representatives and government officials had scheduled a meeting Tuesday with families of Chinese passengers in Beijing , but the session was postponed . Relatives were told some Chinese tech experts would probably talk to them instead . It was the second day in a row they had been disappointed , which only added to their frustration . On Monday , the relatives wept , begged and cursed a Malaysian diplomat in China 's capital . They went to a meeting at a hotel there , expecting a long-awaited briefing from Malaysian technical experts , but erupted in anger when the diplomat announced there would n't be one . "  We do n't know at this point whether they are alive or dead . And you have n't given us any direct proof of where they actually are . We want our loved ones back , " a father of a missing passenger cried . Drawing up a list Relatives have drawn up 26 questions , many of them on technical issues , that they want Malaysian officials to address . Among them : What 's in the flight 's log book ? Can they review the jet 's maintenance records ? Can they listen to recordings of the Boeing 777 pilot 's conversations with air traffic controllers just before contact was lost ? The diplomat said it 's hard to give families answers when they have so little information about the March 8 flight that set off from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur destined for Beijing . Because of the plane 's flight path , most of the lawsuits against Malaysia Airlines would be filed in China or Malaysia . The families of the three Americans who were on board the Boeing 777 can also sue Malaysia Airlines in U.S. courts . Kelly , an attorney at Ribbeck Law Chartered , a firm that specializes in aviation accident cases , said she believes based on her experience that families could receive between $ 400,000 and $ 3 million in damages . However , it could take two years before they see the money , she said . Oceanic salvage manager : How we search for Flight 370 CNN 's Jean Casarez and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	Underwater drone is continuing its 10th mission Wednesday morning Meeting with Chinese families is postponed again "  We want our loved ones back , " father of missing passenger says Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing 46 days ago
Duncan , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Justin Boyles lay in bed , exhausted and depressed . His 385-pound body sank into the mattress with each breath he took . I have diabetes , he thought in disbelief . His 6-year-old daughter , Autumn , crawled on top of the king-sized comforter and stared at him with bright blue eyes . "  Daddy , will you get up and play ? " "  No , baby , I 'm tired . " She sat back to think . Her mom had tried to explain why Justin was so sad , but Autumn did n't really understand diabetes or its dangerous implications . "  Daddy , are you ever going to be healthy enough to ride a bike with me ? " The question broke Justin 's heart . Tears started to roll down his face . "  Yes , very soon . I promise , " he said . "  Do you pinky promise ? " she asked , holding out her tiny finger . Justin looped his last digit around hers and made the decision to change his life . All kinds of excuses Shanon and Justin Boyles were high school sweethearts . The first time they hung out at 16 , Justin took Shanon to church . He was smart , polite and made her laugh -- three qualities that helped Shanon overlook his size . "  As long as I can remember , I 've been overweight , " Justin says . "  I remember as a child coming home after school and having a stack of cookies and a giant glass of milk every day . " In high school Justin weighed close to 250 pounds ; he was considered obese even at 6 feet 1 . As an adult he lived on fast food and spent most of his nights as a security guard sitting down . He 'd eat dinner at work -- frozen burritos , burgers and fries -- then stop off at Taco Bell on the way home for the advertised fourth meal . "  I was really kind of in my own little hole , and I did n't want to get out or do anything , " he says . Shanon became worried . Any time their extended family tried to get together for a birthday party or holiday , Justin refused to go . "  He would have all kinds of excuses , " she says . "  He was really depressed . He was down on himself real bad . " Most concerning was his lack of time with Autumn , who got upset when her father would n't play outside . "  She loves him . He 's her hero , " Shanon says . "  I -LSB- knew -RSB- why he was feeling that way ... but there was nothing I could do about it . " Small steps for a big change Since his diagnosis with type 2 diabetes in March -- and his pinky promise to Autumn -- Justin has lost more than 65 pounds . He walks around his neighborhood whenever he can and makes sure to do the little things like taking the stairs and returning his shopping cart . The family is also eating better with more vegetables , leaner meats and less sugar . For example , at dinner Justin usually eats a spinach leaf salad with tuna or baked chicken with broccoli . Shanon joins in ; she 's lost 20 pounds in less than six months on the new diet . The family recently took a trip to the Oklahoma State Fair and walked around all day , something they never would have done last year . "  I no longer lay in bed thinking that my weight is just too much to overcome , " Justin says . "  I enjoy being out with family and friends and having a good time . " He only weighs in once a month to avoid becoming obsessed with the numbers on the scale . He hopes to get down to 200 pounds , a weight at which his doctor said he would probably be able to go off his medications . "  I just want him to be healthy and happy . I do n't care what weight he 's at , " Shanon says . The couple raised more than $ 7,500 for the American Diabetes Association 's "  Step Out : Walk to Stop Diabetes " in Oklahoma City on September 14 . Their team wore matching black T-shirts with a new slogan : "  Do you pinky promise ? " On his website Justin has included a section where he asks readers to make their own promises -- to themselves or to their family -- to get healthy . " -LSB- Autumn -RSB- taught me that you can do anything you put your mind to , " he says . "  It does n't take a big giant step.It takes doing a little something . " Justin still has a long way to go in his weight loss journey . But rest assured that he 'll keep going -- you just do n't break a pinky promise , especially one made to your little girl . Got a weight loss story to share ? Submit it on iReport.com	Justin Boyles learned he had type 2 diabetes in March 2011 Since making a promise to his daughter , Boyles has lost more than 65 pounds Boyles raised $ 7,500 for the American Diabetes Association 's "  Step Out : Walk to Stop Diabetes "
Washington  CNN  -- John Kerry got Swift-boated . Jimmy Carter had his re-election chances decimated in the Iranian desert . Then there was Michael Dukakis and that tank photo . It is a tradition of presidential politics in recent decades that Democrats get accused of being soft and inexperienced on military and foreign policy issues , and Barack Obama was no different in 2008 . However , a string of foreign policy successes -- including the killings of terrorist leaders Osama bin Laden and Anwar al-Awlaki , and now the toppling of the Gadhafi regime in Libya without the loss of any U.S. service members -- have made Obama seemingly invulnerable to the quadrennial Republican attack line . The question is whether it will matter a year from now , when voters decide if he should get a second term . To analysts interviewed Monday , the president 's policies and actions during almost three years in power have helped him shed the knee-jerk , anti-war reputation affixed to Democrats since the Vietnam era . They cite increased drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen , including the one that killed the U.S.-born al-Awlaki , as well as the Special Forces mission that raided a compound in Pakistan housing bin Laden . "  Those actions demonstrate a degree of toughness that insulates him from the charge of being soft on defense , " said Darrell West , vice president and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution think tank in Washington . However , voter dissatisfaction with 9 % unemployment and crawling economic recovery is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president gets from foreign policy successes , said David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst . According to Gergen , the association of Democrats with liberal pacifism dates back decades . In the middle of the 20th century , he noted , Democrats were the party of international engagement willing to "  bear any burden " to defend the nation and its interests , as President John F. Kennedy put it at his 1961 inaugural address . Then the Vietnam War deeply divided the country , with Democrats becoming inextricably linked to the fervent anti-war movement by nominating liberal South Dakota Sen. George McGovern for president in 1972 , according to Gergen . In subsequent decades , the perception persisted of Democrats as liberals who were soft on communism and unwilling to use military force . In 1980 , the failure of a military mission in Iran ordered by Carter to rescue 52 Americans held hostage since the revolution the previous year cemented his image as a weak leader . Crashed helicopters in the desert became the foreign policy symbol of a presidency that helped orchestrate the Camp David Accords between Israel and Egypt . Carter then was defeated by Ronald Reagan in the presidential election that year . Eight years later . Dukakis saw his campaign against then-Vice President George H.W. Bush undermined in part by a photo that sought to prop up his military credentials by showing him riding a tank . However , the image of Dukakis in what appeared to be an over-large military helmet with his name affixed to the front , his tie and business shirt visible beneath military outer garb , instead prompted ridicule . The "  soft on war " legacy for Democrats continued in 2004 , when Kerry came under fierce , privately funded attacks that accused him of falsifying his account of a battle that earned him a Silver Star as a Swift boat operator , as well as making false claims about misconduct by other U.S. forces in Vietnam and Cambodia . The campaign against Kerry coined the phrase "  swift-boating " in reference to an acute , partisan and not necessarily truthful political attack . It also turned what should have been a benefit for Kerry -- his war record compared to the non-service in Vietnam by Republican incumbent George W. Bush -- into a controversial issue . Kerry lost the election . For Obama , what was perhaps his greatest foreign policy triumph -- the covert mission to send U.S. special forces into Pakistan after bin Laden -- came close to the kind of failure that plagued Carter 's rescue mission 31 years earlier . One of the U.S. helicopters involved became disabled , forcing a change in how the mission was carried out . This time , though , the U.S. forces were able to infiltrate bin Laden 's compound , kill him and fly out with his body . Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who served in both Republican and Democratic administrations , called Obama 's decision to launch the mission one of the most courageous he ever saw a president make . If the bin Laden mission had failed , West and Gergen noted , Obama would likely find himself in the same position as Carter -- an incumbent candidate labeled as weak and ineffective . "  They would have tried to turn Obama into Jimmy Carter , " West said , adding : "  People would have said that even though the mission was ambitious , the execution was flawed and that this would reflect poorly on presidential leadership . " Instead , "  I do n't think it 's going to be possible for Republicans to Swift-boat Obama , " West said . The president 's actions "  demonstrate a degree of toughness that Jimmy Carter did n't have . " Both Gergen and West said Obama 's strategy seeks to exert U.S. influence while minimizing the nation 's long-term commitment to overseas conflict and any loss of American lives . That strategy was most evident in the Libya campaign , which was launched by the United States under a U.N. resolution authorizing establishment of a no-fly zone to protect civilians from attack by Gadhafi 's military . Eventually , the campaign shifted to NATO control , with U.S. forces playing a supporting role for air strikes that targeted Gadhafi forces . In the end , the total cost to the U.S. government is expected to be under $ 2 billion with no loss of American lives , compared to the more than $ 800 billion in costs and more than 4,000 U.S. fatalities in the Iraq War launched by the Bush administration . Some Republicans have tried to defuse credit for Obama 's policy , complaining it lasted longer than necessary because the administration withheld the full might and leadership of U.S. forces throughout the Libya campaign . But to West , the successful completion of the mission -- with Gadhafi gone and no long-term U.S. commitment or cost -- will bolster Obama in next year 's election . "  I 've seen that a lot of people are arguing foreign policy is not going to be relevant in 2012 , " according to West . "  I think those interpretations miss the leadership Obama has displayed in foreign affairs . " Gergen warned that Obama remains vulnerable to problems in Iraq and Afghanistan , where the president is ending or reducing long-running U.S. wars . Last week , Obama announced that virtually all U.S. troops would leave Iraq by the end of the year , which would fulfill a campaign pledge from 2008 . At the same time , the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan is being decreased following an earlier surge ordered by Obama , with the goal of ending the war by the end of 2014 . Republicans such as veteran Sen. John McCain of Arizona -- who lost to Obama in 2008 -- have criticized both moves , saying they undermined the long-running missions by providing U.S. enemies with an end date to the nation 's military commitments in those countries . "  I do think he 's fortified himself against these Republican attacks , " Gergen said of Obama , but he added that "  Iraq or Afghanistan or both could become a crisis between now and the election . Overall , though , the president has strengthened his standing as commander-in-chief , Gergen and research assistant Michael Zuckerman wrote in a CNN column last week . Obama 's foreign policy approach will "  bolster a campaign argument that may resonate not only with his base , but also with swing voters increasingly wary of foreign engagements : that Obama wields force much more prudently and surgically than the reckless GOP -- that he has wound down Iraq and helped win back international respect , all while delivering strong results , " the column said .	Foreign policy wins fortify the president against Vietnam-era criticism of Democrats Analyst : President Obama is tougher than Jimmy Carter was Domestic woes may trump foreign policy successes , however
CNN  -- Police searching for the suspect in a triple homicide in Georgia have released a 911 call from a man who says he was one of the killer 's intended targets . Authorities claim that the suspect , Robert Bell , 33 , used an assault weapon similar to an AR-15 to execute two adults and a 12-year-old boy on Sunday , September 15 . A fourth shooting victim , Justin Cato , 23 , "  laid low " and then called the police when it was apparent that the gunman had left , said Cpl. Jake Smith of the Gwinnett County Police Department . In a calm voice , Cato tells the dispatcher that a man he did not know came to the house where he lived in Snellville , a city of about 18,000 east of Atlanta . The man did n't say anything and just started shooting , Cato tells the dispatcher . He also says everybody else in the house is shot . Cato was shot in the leg . The deceased victims were each shot multiple times , detectives said . They have been identified as : -- Angelina Benton , 34 , who police say lived at the home and was Cato 's girlfriend . -- Benton 's godson , Raynord Daniel , 19 . -- Benton 's 12-year-old son , Joseph McDonald . Bell could be traveling to Chicago or Tennessee , where he has family , said Smith . He is considered armed and dangerous . Benton had invited Bell and his wife to stay with her about two weeks before the shooting , police said . "  They were down on their luck and needed a place to say , " Smith told CNN . "  About a week later , the suspect 's wife moved out to Tennessee for a job , and he stayed there . " On the night of September 15 , the victims and Cato were walking to the home when the suspect opened fire with the assault weapon , Smith said . "  We believe he shot and killed the man and the boy before pursuing Angelina down near the end of the driveway . " Bell 's SUV was left at the scene along with the weapon . "  He was last seen walking away , " Smith said . Investigators would not speculate on a possible motive . Bell is wanted on three counts of felony murder and one count of aggravated assault . Anyone with information is asked to call the Gwinnett County Police at 770-513-5300 .	Only one person survived a shooting near Atlanta on September 15 Police say the suspect , Robert Bell , could be traveling to Chicago or Tennessee The suspect is considered armed and dangerous
Atlanta  CNN  -- The mother of a Valdosta , Georgia , teen accused of lying to police about an alleged confession in connection with Kendrick Johnson 's death says her son has mental problems and is being used by the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office as a "  fall guy . " "  They have literally slandered my child , and I do n't appreciate that , " his mother told CNN in a phone interview . Her son , Dalton Ray Chauncey , 19 , was charged with providing false statements , a felony , and arrested August 6 . According to incident reports released to CNN after an Open Records Act request , Chauncey told neighbors he 'd overheard two Lowndes High School students discussing their involvement in Johnson 's death . Johnson 's body was found inside a rolled gym mat in the old gym at Lowndes High School in January 2013 . Sheriff 's investigators determined there was no evidence of foul play and closed the case in May 2013 . Chauncey told investigators two boys at Lowndes High School wanted to "  ruff  sic  him up but they took it to  sic  far . " According to the arrest report , Chauncey gave deputies only the first names of those two boys . Investigators interviewed one student with a name matching Chauncey 's claim . That student denied having the conversation . Investigators say they were unable to locate any student with the second name Chauncey gave them . Lowndes County investigators questioned Chauncey about inconsistencies in his statement July 23 , according to investigative records . According to the reports , "  Chauncey admitted he had fabricated the story while at the home of friends in order to boast . " The students he claimed had admitted involvement in Johnson 's death "  do not exist , " the report said . However , the teen 's mother , Michelle Chauncey , says her son 's story is true , but he told investigators he 'd made up the story , hoping they 'd end the questioning . "  They just went on and on and on , and he could n't give them any more information and he said , ` OK , I made it up then , ' " she said . Michelle Chauncey told CNN she has problems with the way investigators interviewed her son , explaining that Dalton has mental issues . "  Really and truly , he should n't have been in there alone , " his mother said . "  I told  Det. Jack  Winningham he had mental issues twice . " Her son "  may have some mental problems that prevent Dalton from performing certain work-related tasks , " according to a March 2013 letter from the Social Security Administration provided to CNN by the Chauncey family . "  He 's bipolar . His comprehension level is not like ours , " Michelle Chauncey said . Chauncey 's family did not provide documents to CNN to support their claim of bipolar disorder . "  Anything with his hands , he can do it . But sitting down and thinking something out , no , " Michelle Chauncey said . Dalton Chauncey dropped out of the special education program at Lowndes High School in March , according to his mother . Chauncey told investigators he was "  kicked out of school , " according to an incident report . "  He 's a good-hearted boy . He just gets screwed over a lot , " his mother said . According to an incident report , sheriff 's investigators asked Chauncey to take a polygraph test July 29 . Chauncey declined and told a detective "  it was all over because he made it all up and it was a lie , " according to the report . A warrant was issued for Chauncey 's arrest July 30 . He was arrested the following week . "  Det.  Winningham said he 'd remain anonymous and he would n't get in no trouble , " Michelle Chauncey said . Michelle Chauncey says she spoke with her son by phone while he was being held at Lowndes County Jail . "  He said , ` Mama , I did n't lie about anything . The simple fact is they would n't leave me alone , ' " she said . Chauncey was released on a $ 2,500 bond August 7 . "  He told the truth . I asked him several times if he was telling the truth and he said , ` Mama , I 'm telling the truth . I thought I was doing the right thing , and it backfired in my face , ' " Michelle Chauncey said . In a written statement to CNN , an attorney for the sheriff 's office wrote : "  The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office has provided the records regarding the charges against Mr. Chauncey because of their relationship to the Kendrick Johnson investigation . "  However , the charges against Mr. Chauncey remain pending and any further communication about those charges would not be appropriate at this time . " On May 2 , 2013 , the same day the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office closed its investigation into Johnson 's death , the state Medical Examiner 's Office determined Johnson , 17 , died of positional asphyxia after having accidentally slipped into the mat while reaching for a shoe . Johnson 's parents later hired an independent pathologist who found evidence of "  unexplained , blunt force trauma " to the neck and classified the teen 's death as a homicide . Johnson 's parents and their attorneys have accused the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office of covering up a murder . Sheriff 's office : Claim of confession in Kendrick Johnson death not credible "  They done this to my young ` un , " Michelle Chauncey said of her son 's treatment . Speaking of Johnson 's death , in her view "  they 're covering it up . " Kendrick Johnson footage released ; expert finds it ` highly suspicious ' The sheriff 's office has denied wrongdoing . Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney for Middle District of Georgia , launched a federal investigation into Johnson 's death in October . Georgia school officials sued in Kendrick Johnson 's death Attorneys Chevene King and Benjamin Crump have filed several lawsuits against Lowndes County officials . All cases are pending . A court date has not been set for Dalton Chauncey .	Mother says her son has mental problems and should n't have been questioned alone Dalton Chauncey said he heard boys confessing to Kendrick Johnson 's death He was arrested August 6 and charged with providing false statements Mom says Chauncey recanted when pressed repeatedly by police but says his story is true
Washington  CNN  The U.S. said Tuesday that deploying warships to Yemen to monitor nearby Iranian vessels has given America "  options " for how it could react to Iran 's behavior in the region . The warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen , U.S. officials told CNN , saying the move was also meant to reassure allies in the region . "  By having American sea power in the region , we have created options for ourselves , " said Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren . He noted that the nine ships in the Iranian convoy were cargo ships , but he declined to specify what they were carrying beyond "  containers . " International officials are concerned that Iran could surreptitiously attempt to transfer weaponry to the Houthis . President Barack Obama told MSNBC that the United States has been clear in its messages to Tehran on sending weapons to Houthi rebels inside Yemen . "  What we 've said to them is if there are weapons delivered to factions within Yemen that could threaten navigation , that 's a problem , " Obama said in the interview , a clip of which aired on NBC Nightly News . "  We 're not sending them obscure messages , we send them very direct messages about it , " Obama said . While the Iranian ships remain in international waters , the U.S. and other partner nations can keep an eye on the Iranian ships to see if they move toward Yemeni territorial waters . But it would be an extraordinary step and certainly not a foregone conclusion that the U.S. would attempt to board an Iranian ship if it entered Yemeni waters , U.S. officials said . "  I want to be very clear just so that no one has the wrong impression . They are not there to intercept Iranian ships , " State Department Spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters Tuesday . "  The purpose of moving them is only to ensure that the shipping lanes remain open and safe . " Warren too added that he was unaware of any direct contact between the American and Iranian vessels at this point . The Obama administration and U.S. defense officials maintain the primary purpose of positioning additional U.S. warships in the region is to ensure the free flow of commerce through established international shipping lanes and to ensure maritime security in the region . There is a message for Iran as well . A U.S. military official told CNN that aircraft from aboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt are also conducting "  manned reconnaissance " to monitor all maritime traffic moving through the area the Roosevelt is operating in to determine what is going on there in order to assist in making informed decisions . This official stressed that the repositioning of U.S. ships in the region was taken in order to assure the freedom of navigation through established international shipping lanes and ensuring maritime security and not to interdict Iranian ships . The Roosevelt aircraft carrier and the guided missile cruiser USS Normandy were the two ships the Navy moved into the waters off the coast of Yemen on Sunday . At this stage , there are nine U.S. naval ships operating off the coast in Yemen . "  The United States alongside the international community , including the United Nations , is serious about the Iranians not providing weapons to the Houthis , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Tuesday . "  Providing weapons to the Houthis only exacerbates the violence and instability in this region in a way that will have continued terrible impact on the humanitarian situation in the country . " The heightened tensions could have broader consequences for the relationship between the U.S. and Iran , coming weeks after the announcement of a framework agreement to limit Iran 's nuclear program . Officials on Capitol Hill and elsewhere pointed out that the situation in Yemen adds an additional challenge when it comes to reaching a final deal . "  I do n't think this changes something directly , but it does highlight that Iran has a number of activities around the region and around the world that are problematic , " Texas Rep. Mac Thornberry , the Republican chairman of the House Armed Services Committee , told CNN Tuesday . "  It includes their missile program , it includes their growing influence in Iraq , it includes their propping up of  President Bashar al -  Assad in Syria and their fueling this war in Yemen . " U.S. warships from the carrier group of the Roosevelt are joining allied vessels from Saudi Arabia , Egypt and other partner nations prepared to intercept a convoy of seven to nine Iranian vessels believed headed for Yemen . "  We are closely monitoring all maritime activity in the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Aden , " Cmdr. Kevin Stephens of the Fifth Fleet told CNN . "  We not going discuss the number and types of vessels we are monitoring or speculate about the possible destination or cargo of those vessels . " When asked about warnings from Saudi Arabia and the U.S. to keep Iranian navy ships away from Yemen , the commander of Iran 's Regular Navy , Flotilla Adm. Habibollah Sayyari , said his fleet was operating legally . "  We do n't let anyone give us warnings and threats , because we are working according to international law and regulations , " he said . "  And we work for the security of our country and other countries . " Sayyari added that Iranian navy ships in the area were there to combat piracy and secure the safe transfer of goods through the waters . U.S. ships do not have authority to forcibly board Iranian-flagged ships . Earlier this month , a U.S. Navy ship consensually boarded a Panamanian-flagged vessel suspected of trafficking people , drugs or weapons . Nothing was found . The U.S. warships come to a region seeing a good deal of U.S. military activity . The Roosevelt in particular only recently arrived in the theater and had been in the Arabian Gulf supporting Operation Inherent Resolve in Iraq and Syria , according to Stephens . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on the "  Situation Room " that he would only endorse U.S. air power against Yemen if it was the only option . "  It is a very serious escalatory step , " he said on Monday . "  If you 're going to use U.S. air power , what else is going to happen to make sure you stop the Houthis ? " McCain blamed President Barack Obama 's foreign policy for the deteriorating situation . "  It was very obvious to many of us that this did not have to happen , " McCain said . "  We did not take care of the regime that was in place , the president that was in there . It is a symptom of our failure throughout the Middle East . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Frederik Pleitgen , Theodore Schleifer and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	U.S. Navy moves aircraft carrier , cruiser to waters near Yemen U.S. , allied ships prepared to intercept Iranian vessel if they enter Yemen 's waters Iranian admiral says his country 's ships operating legally
CNN  Prince Bishop , a 14-1 long shot , stormed from the back of the field to secure a shock victory in the the Dubai World Cup . With just over half of the world 's richest horse race gone Prince Bishop , ridden by jockey William Buick , trained by the UAE 's Saeed bin Suroor and owned by Dubai 's Crown Prince , was in last place and looked well out of contention . Huge heart But an astonishing second half of the race saw the eight year old storm to the front , overtake race favorite California Chrome , and somehow pull away to win by a full four lengths and secure the $ 10 million prize . "  He was slow away from the gate and we had a lot of ground to make up , " Buick admitted in an interview after the race . "  We got onto the back of California Chrome on the last turn . Prince Bishop has a huge heart and he gave me his all today . I 'm dreaming . I 'm waiting to wake up . " No match All the pre-race talk had centered on favorite California Chrome , trained by American Art Sherman . Last year saw California Chrome come close to winning the prestigious Triple Crown after winning the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes . But despite looking well placed going into the final straight , California Chrome was no match for Prince Bishop 's superb late burst . $ 2 million "  He lost a lot of ground on both turns , but he ran his eyeballs out . I 'm just happy he comes back home in one piece , " Sherman said after the race . "  He tried every inch of the way . It was great . I enjoyed it very much . It is way different to anything anyone can believe . It is something you have to see once . " Sherman will not feel too bad for long . Second place still scoops a cool $ 2 million .	Prince Bishop wins Dubai World Cup The UAE owned horse was a 14-1 long shot Favorite California Chrome finished second
CNN  -- Ligwina Hananto wakes up at 5am for morning prayers with her family , gets the kids off to school , and then charges off to work on the several other jobs she is actually paid to do . "  Most people only have dreams and dreams are goals without a deadline , without any action . So that does n't work , if you want to dream something , you dream big and then you make it into a goal and so you set a deadline , when you want to have it and how you want to achieve it , and then you start working on it , " Hananto said . She does n't just dream big , she executes and that is exactly what she advises her clients at QM Financial to do . In her late 20 's Hananto went from being a stay at home mom to running her own company that now boasts hundreds of clients . "  It took time and after thirteen clients I ran out of cousins to contact ! So I said to my partners at that time , ` we need to expand to different areas here , ' " said Hananto . She ended up marching down to a local radio station in Jakarta and throwing out an idea . "  I said to them , ' I want this to be an honest radio talk show -LSB- host -RSB- ; if one company wants to sell their products and if I think that product sucks , I get to say it on air . ' And they loved it ; they were like , ` Oh like Suzie Ormond ? ' ` Yes , yes , like Suzie Ormond but with the hijab , ' I said . " Hananto is a practicing Muslim and one of Indonesia 's young movers and shakers . She says when her traditional Muslim husband wanted her to stay at home and be a mother and housewife , she agreed . With the pressure of having to make money off her shoulders Hananto said it gave her the ability to dream and try out different businesses . She tried seven different business , all failed . Then she found her passion by remembering what she loved doing when she was in school . "  Actually when I was in high school , I actually wrote down when I grow up I wanted to become a businesswoman who works with people 's money . I did n't even know that there 's a profession as a financial planner , " she said . The Indonesian government is banking on people like Hananto . Indonesia is betting on its young minds to help its economy boom in the coming years . Half of Indonesia 's population is under 29-years-old . "  We call this the ` demographic dividend ' , which I think will put us in good shape to have productivity increases for the next ten , fifteen , even 20 years in the future , " Marie Pangestu , Indonesia 's Trade Minister , told CNN . Donny Pramono fits into that demographic . At 26-years-old he capitalized on something he thought was missing from Indonesia 's marketplace . "  They did n't really believe yogurt was going to be a big hit , " Pramono said . Investors did n't believe then but they do now . In two and a half years , Pramono 's "  Sour Sally " brand yogurt has gone from one store to 26 in Indonesia and it 's about to go international opening its first store in Singapore in December . But there are still hurdles for Indonesia 's young people . About 14 percent of the population still lives below the country 's poverty line and poverty is most concentrated among those with little or no formal education . Pangestu warns the education system needs to be improved to give its up-and-comers the tools to compete . As for young CEO 's Hananto and Pramono they brought back business know how from universities abroad and have been experiencing the taste of success ever since . "  Because I started young and I 'm still young I think success is not just a destination for me , " Pramono said . "  Success is a journey , and so it 's never ending . "	Around half of Indonesia 's population is under 29 Young entrepreneurs are helping to fuel the country 's economic boom Some like frozen yogurt chain owner Donny Pramono looking to expand abroad Poverty and lack of education for wider population still a problem
A senior Bloomberg News journalist quit his role earlier this month , saying the "  mishandling " by his bosses of a story critical of China was behind his departure , amid suggestions that the New York-based company is pushing a financial strategy for China that overshadows editorial autonomy . Asia Editor-at-Large Ben Richardson left the news organization at the beginning of March in protest at his senior colleagues ' approach toward a long-running investigative piece that sought to expose hidden financial ties between the families of Chinese officials and a wealthy businessman . The New York Times , amongst others , first covered the story of the piece 's non-publishing in November of last year . In an email to the newspaper , quoted in the initial article , Bloomberg Editor-in-Chief Matthew Winkler said the piece was "  active " and that it had not been killed . However , since then it has remained unpublished and , speaking to CNN Thursday , Richardson said that , while what he can say is limited by a confidentiality agreement , he could "  categorically state that it  the story  was spiked . " "  No work is currently being done on that story , " he said . "  The primary reporter has left the company ... it 's a risible excuse to say that the story is just resting . " Despite requests on a number of occasions , Bloomberg declined to comment on this story when contacted by CNN , or agree to requests for an interview with Winkler . ` Misleading statements ' The piece , which was produced over several months in 2013 , was due to be published late last year but "  ran into some opposition " from senior staff , according to Richardson . The initial New York Times article cited journalists who worked on the story and participated in a conference call as saying Winkler informed them that a decision not to publish the story had been made . Winkler reportedly told the journalists -- Richardson included -- working on the story that it was necessary to stay on the right side of Chinese officials , given that several reporters from organizations including Al Jazeera and the New York Times along with Bloomberg , had had their visas withheld or rejected -- apparently following reports critical of Beijing . Subsequently , the story 's lead journalist , Michael Forsythe , left the company . Forsythe declined to comment when contacted by CNN . In an email to media blog JimRomenesko.com , published earlier this week , Richardson wrote : "  I left Bloomberg because of the way the story was mishandled , and because of how the company made misleading statements in the global press and senior executives disparaged the team that worked so hard to execute an incredibly demanding story . "  The reporters who worked on the story for months did n't get to review the copy before it was unilaterally spiked on a conference call with a ludicrous amount of top brass . " Unlike many news organizations , Bloomberg has alternate revenue streams . Bloomberg L.P. , Bloomberg News ' parent company 's financial terminals are sold in China . Currently , the number of subscribers in the country , estimated by the China Law and Policy blog at 3,000 , is dwarfed by those in other parts of the world , meaning that there is considerable scope for growth . When asked about the subscriber numbers , a Bloomberg spokesperson told CNN that the company could not confirm subscriber numbers for individual territories . The timely , accurate access to Chinese financial data is also considered to be an important part of the company 's success , enhancing its legitimacy as a provider of financial data worldwide . Backing off ? Comments made by Bloomberg chairman Peter Grauer following his Asia Society Hong Kong speech on March 20 , addressed the issue of sensitive stories in China and their ramifications . "  We have about 50 journalists in the market  in China  , primarily writing stories about the local business and economic environment and ... every once in a while we wander a little bit away from that and write stories that  we  probably ... should have rethought but China for us is very important , " he said in response to an open-ended question about the company 's strategy there . "  For us being in China is very much part of our long term strategy and will continue to be so going forward . " Yuen Ying Chan , Director of the Journalism and Media Studies Center of the University of Hong Kong , said she thinks the message Grauer 's statement gives is that "  Bloomberg is willing to compromise the credibility of its news product . " "  I think it 's problematic , and wrong for him to pitch business with journalism , with data , because you need good reporting to ensure ...  the  authenticity of your information . I do n't understand ... you 're not selling apples and oranges , you 're selling information to the world . Then credibility is your most valuable attribute , right ? So you need a product that 's credible ,  or  you undermine yourself . " For Richardson , the decision to publish or not comes down to Bloomberg 's view of itself as a journalistic organization , and where its priorities lie . "  The company has a duty to consider the interests of a majority of its workers . Now if your news division is part of that  but  does n't provide the bulk of the revenue ... If you 're putting the company 's entire business at risk because of an investigative journalists ' project , then you have to ask yourself -- is that the right thing to do ? " The company 's signature financial software product is by far its biggest revenue producer , representing about 82 % of its $ 8.5 billion in revenue , Grauer said during his Asia Society speech . Timeline : Foreign journalists under pressure in China Sensitive stories Bloomberg has sailed close to the wind on previous occasions , such as former editor Amanda Bennett 's June 2012 piece on then-incoming President Xi Jinping 's family 's business interests and its "  Red Nobility " story , also edited by Richardson , which mapped the origins of an "  elite class " of descendants of China 's "  Eight Immortals " -- an elite group of Communist revolutionaries who helped found the People 's Republic of China . Since the publication of that article , Bloomberg 's news website has been blocked in China . Richardson said that the story represented a new direction for the company but ultimately Bloomberg may have felt they have underestimated the severity of the reaction of China 's political class . "  I do n't know to what extent that  was  born out of naivety , " Richardson said . "  Did they really realize what the consequences were ? Anyway , I would think they probably would have rethought it with hindsight . " Reporters playing smart as China takes tough line with media China 's influence The news of Bloomberg 's alleged climbdown comes as part of a larger trend of international companies acquiescing to China 's restrictions . While Internet giants Facebook and Google have chosen to remain outside of China rather than compromise their independence , others , such as LinkedIn , Microsoft and Apple have accepted that curtailment is a condition of doing business in China . In addition , in 2005 and 2006 Yahoo suffered a wave of negative publicity for handing over data on journalist Shi Tao to the authorities . At the time , a Yahoo spokesperson told CNN Money that the company 's response was that they had "  only responded with what we were legally compelled to provide and nothing more . " In the last two years , international media companies , including Al Jazeera , Bloomberg , the New York Times and Reuters have fallen afoul of Chinese authorities , prompting a slew of comment from publications such as the Washington Post and the New Yorker about the cost of reporting in China . In its 2013 year-end statement , the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China said that Chinese authorities were increasingly using the denial of visas , or delays in their approval , in an apparent effort to influence journalists ' coverage . Chinese authorities did not respond to requests from CNN for comment on this story . With regards to Bloomberg 's possible editorial decisions , "  the interesting thing is whether a news organization , per se , has a duty to protect and enhance free speech , " said Richardson . "  I think that the debate we should be having is not trying to treat Bloomberg as some kind of fallen angel but just to try another debate as to how the media engages with dictatorial regimes or this level of intolerance to free speech . " Western journalists ' China visa dramas : Do n't shoot the messenger	Bloomberg editor-at-large Ben Richardson leaves company , saying "  top brass " mishandled sensitive story News organization claims the story was n't ready for publication , a claim disputed by Richardson Sales of terminals in China and access to Chinese financial data may influence editorial decisions Move follows other international news organizations running afoul of Chinese authorities
CNN  -- Guantanamo Bay detainee Omar Khadr pleaded guilty to charges against him Monday , the Pentagon said , in the first military commission trial there since Barack Obama became president . Khadr , 24 , was accused of throwing a grenade during a 2002 firefight in Afghanistan that resulted in the death of Army Sgt. 1st Class Christopher Speer , a Special Forces medic . He also admitted that he "  converted landmines to Improvised Explosive Devices and assisted in the planting of 10 IEDs with the intent of killing American forces " in the months before killing Speer , the Pentagon said . Khadr , the youngest detainee at Guantanamo Bay , was 15 at the time . He faced a maximum sentence of life in prison . He pleaded guilty to murder in violation of the laws of war , attempted murder in violation of the laws of war , conspiracy , two counts of providing material support for terrorism and spying in the United States , a Canadian diplomat said . Canada -- where Khadr was born -- has been closely involved in negotiations with the United States over his plea . A source close to the case told CNN on Monday that the deal includes an eight-year prison sentence -- one year in U.S. custody and seven to be served in Canada . Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said he expects the sentencing phase of Khadr 's trial to start Tuesday , adding that it probably will finish sometime this week . Details of the plea agreement are not made public , Lapan said , because the seven military officers on the jury "  get the case without any knowledge of the pretrial agreement . They will issue a sentence for the record , and after that -- if the judge allows it -- the pretrial agreement can be revealed . " If the jury 's sentence is different from the plea agreement , the shorter sentence will be imposed , Lapan said . "  During the next several days , I look forward to proving to the panel and the world that Omar Khadr is a kind , compassionate and decent young man who deserves a first chance at a meaningful life , " his military defense attorney , Army Lt. Col Jon Jackson , said in an e-mailed statement . The military court in August viewed a 30-minute video that the government said shows Khadr helping to assemble and plant roadside bombs targeting American troops in Afghanistan . The video is undated . The tape was discovered at the compound where Khadr was captured in 2002 , a month after the firefight in which Khadr was seriously wounded and Speer was killed , the military said . The video was allowed into evidence only after a flurry of defense objections , and the judge warned that it was difficult to tell who was speaking at different points on the tape . One of Khadr 's Canadian attorneys indicated last week that he was open to a plea deal . "  He is anxious to avoid a trial before that kangaroo court , " Nate Whitling said in reference to the U.S. military commission at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility . Catherine Loubier , a spokeswoman for the Canadian Foreign Ministry , offered no details about Khadr 's plea , saying : "  This matter is between Mr. Khadr and the U.S. government , and we will not have further comment on this today . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reached out to Canadian officials last week as part of an effort to resolve the case , according to two sources . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Chris Lawrence , Carol Cratty , Charley Keyes , Elise Labott and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Plea deal includes an eight-year prison sentence , source says Omar Khadr , 24 , accused of throwing a grenade that killed a Special Forces medic in 2002 Khadr was born in Canada , which held negotiations over his plea It 's the first Guantanamo military commission of the Obama era
