Beijing , China  CNN  -- China has threatened to slap sanctions on American companies that sell arms to its rival Taiwan as part of a range of punitive actions Beijing is taking to protest the deal . China also summoned U.S. ambassador Jon Huntsman to express its anger over Washington 's announcement , the official Chinese news agency Xinhua said , citing the Foreign Ministry . Beijing also suspended plans for visits between the Chinese and U.S. militaries and postponed a high-level arms control meeting , it announced Saturday , following Washington 's $ 6.4-billion arms deal with Taiwan . China 's Defense Ministry said the decision was made "  in consideration of the serious harm and impacts on Sino-U.S. military relations " brought about by the arms deal , according to Xinhua . "  China will make further judgments as appropriate , " Xinhua reported . China had already complained to the United States about the deal , announced Friday by the Obama administration . Chinese Vice Foreign Minister He Yafei called it a "  rude interference in China 's internal affairs , severely endangering China 's national security " and said China expressed its "  strong indignation . " The arms sale includes 60 Black Hawk helicopters , totaling $ 3.1 billion ; 114 advanced Patriot air defense missiles ; a pair of Osprey mine-hunting ships ; and dozens of advanced communications systems . The deal with Taiwan -- which neither China nor the United States recognizes as an independent country -- does not include F-16 fighter jets , which China has vehemently opposed . The State Department described the latest round of arms sales to Taiwan as a way to guarantee security and stability , despite China 's objections . "  This is a clear demonstration of the commitment this administration has to provide Taiwan with defensive weapons it needs and as provided for in the Taiwan Relations Act , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday . He said the action is consistent with Washington 's "  one-China " policy and will help maintain security and stability across the Taiwan Strait . The arms sales come as the United States is hoping to persuade China to sign on to harsher sanctions against Iran and just after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized China for its policies relating to the Internet . Crowley would not speak directly about the timing of the announcement of the sales , and about the fact that the arms package does not include F-16s . A senior U.S. official said later that the United States expected Chinese criticism of the arms deal , but does not expect permanent damage . The official said he believed Clinton had discussed the sale in London with her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of Thursday 's international conference on Afghanistan . "  This relationship between the United States and China is broad , it 's deep . There are a large number of issues . We do n't see eye to eye with them and we have to have and do have the ability to speak honestly , " the official said . The arms deal is the latest chapter in a decades-long uneasy standoff . China claims Taiwan is its own territory and has threatened to invade if Taiwan ever declares independence . The United States has said it will defend Taiwan if China ever attacks . The government in Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China until a Communist insurrection proved victorious in 1949 . With the Communist takeover of mainland China , the losing faction fled to the island of Taiwan . Taiwan is formally known as the Republic of China , while Communist China 's official name is People 's Republic of China . Many Western nations and the United Nations recognized Taiwan as the legitimate Chinese government until the 1970s . CNN 's Eve Bower and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	China considers sanctions against U.S. companies over arms deal with Taiwan China has suspended U.S. military visits , postponed arms control meeting Sale includes Black Hawk helicopters , air defense missiles , mine-hunting ships
CNN  -- Jerry Sandusky 's wife still stands by him , insisting the former Penn State assistant football coach is innocent of sexually abusing young boys . Dottie Sandusky , in an interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll , blames the news media for the conviction that sent her husband , now 70 , to prison on a 30 - to 60-year sentence . "  I think Jerry was found guilty before trial , " she said . Jerry Sandusky , who was convicted in 2012 on 45 counts , has always maintained his innocence . Why does his wife still believe him after hearing trial testimony from a parade of men who said Sandusky abused them when they were boys ? "  Because he is innocent , " she told CNN . Dottie Sandusky accused some of those who claimed to be victims of seeking money . The university announced last year that it reached a deal to pay nearly $ 60 million in civil settlements to 26 different men who said they were abused . "  It makes me angry that people are not telling the truth , " she said . "  That 's what makes me angry , and that an innocent man is in prison . " Dottie Sandusky 's latest comments immediately drew responses from lawyers for two victims . "  Mrs. Sandusky is our best recent example of our deep denial of the reality of child sex abuse , " attorney Marci Hamilton said.Â "  He was convicted by a jury of his peers based on the testimony of numerous victims . Never underestimate the ability of a pedophile to charm and deceive the adults around him or her . " "  Dott  ie  Sandusky , like her husband , remains remarkably unremorseful towards Jerry Sandusky 's victims , " attorney Tom Kline said . "  One significant and noticeable difference is her dramatic shift from her cold and detached demeanor as a witness for her husband at his criminal trial to an emotional and distraught spouse , which appears to my eye to be an attempt to convey a sympathetic image for herself and husband -- a child molester convicted by overwhelming evidence . " The couple 's adopted son , Matt Sandusky , originally denied to a grand jury being abused , but during trial jury deliberations , he told his attorney that he , too , was a victim . In the police interview , Matt Sandusky said that he was molested between the ages of 8 and 15 , that he tried to escape from the home and once attempted suicide . Dottie Sandusky said in her CNN interview that she did n't know why Matt changed his story . "  I do n't know , " she said . "  All the other kids do not believe him . You know , he always liked a better deal . He always liked to be , you know , better and he did have some financial problems . " While calling her adopted son "  very likeable , very believable , " she questioned his honesty . "  We 've had many things that have gone on with Matt . He has stolen from our family . He 's stolen from our kids . He stole from my mother-in-law . " She previously disputed his credibility , referring to Matt 's "  many run-ins with the law " in a letter to the judge who was about to sentence her husband in October 2012 . "  Matt is extremely disappointed that Dottie and the Sanduskys have decided to smear his character in an attempt to deflect attention from Jerry Sandusky 's heinous crimes , " his lawyers , Justine Andronici and Andrew Shubin , said in a written statement to CNN at the time . "  Matt has shown tremendous courage and strength . Rather than supporting her son when he made the gut-wrenching decision to come forward and tell the truth about the abuse he suffered at the hands of Jerry Sandusky , Dottie Sandusky has chosen to continue Jerry 's strategy of blaming and attacking the victims , thereby perpetuating the abuse . " Her prison visits with her husband are sad , Dottie Sandusky said . "  It 's hard to talk about family things , " she told CNN . "  We talk about the case . We talk about our friends . We talk about what he 's doing in prison or what has happened , you know . And I try to cheer him up , but usually he cheers me up instead of me cheering him up . " A jury found evidence that Jerry Sandusky abused 10 boys , most of whom he met through his children 's charity , The Second Mile . Many of them were abused on Penn State 's campus , where Sandusky had access after he retired . Sandusky 's wife testified at his trial that she never heard or saw anything strange or sexual going on in the basement of their home , where many of the victims say her husband molested them . In her letter to the judge , Dottie Sandusky said she had lost faith in the police and the legal system : "  To think that they can lie and get by with the lies . The press has been unbelievable . People who have not met us are writing untruths . " Penn State 's record number of sex offense reports spurs federal inquiry Victim 9 sues Penn State CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Victim 's lawyer says Dottie Sandusky "  remains remarkably unremorseful " "  I think Jerry was found guilty before trial , " Dottie Sandusky says of her husband Sandusky 's wife says she stands by him "  because he is innocent " Former Penn State coach was convicted in 2012 of 45 sex abuse counts
New York  CNN  -- An education advocacy group has filed a lawsuit against New York City and state education officials challenging teacher-tenure laws , on the heels of a watershed case in which a California judge ruled that state 's tenure laws unconstitutional . The lawsuit filed Thursday in State Supreme Court on behalf of 11 New York City public school students claims that tenure laws can prevent students from receiving a "  sound basic education , " according to a statement from the New York City Parents Union , of which parents of the plaintiffs are members . "  Teachers in New York City are more likely to die on the job than be replaced because of poor performance , " the lawsuit said . The lawsuit is framed similarly to a case brought in California , in which a judge in June deemed teacher tenure unconstitutional , saying it kept bad teachers in the classroom and forced out promising good ones . That landmark ruling was hailed by the nation 's top education chief as opening opportunities across the nation to "  build a new framework for the teaching profession . " The decision represented "  a mandate " to fix a broken teaching system , U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said . In New York , the lawsuit claims that under city law an educator who obtains tenure is shielded from dismissal , no matter how incompetent they are or how poorly their students perform . "  The state requires a quality-blind approach to layoffs that considers only years of service -- and completely ignores job performance and the ability to deliver a sound quality education , " the lawsuit said . But the New York State United Teachers union said tenure laws are "  wildly misunderstood " and claimed teacher tenure does not ensure a job for life , as is commonly believed . "  Earning tenure in New York simply means that , if a teacher is accused of incompetence or wrongdoing , she is entitled to a fair hearing before she can be fired , " NYSUT President Karen E. Magee said in a statement last week . CNN was unable to reach the union for comment Friday about the lawsuit . Magee called the process for removing teachers "  due process of law . " The Parents Union , however , called the process rare . The lawsuit said only 12 teachers between 1997 and 2007 in the New York City school system were formally replaced because of poor performance . The New York City Department of Education has 75,000 teachers in any given year , working in the largest school system in the country . Mona Davids and Sam Pirozzolo -- the parents union 's president and vice president -- said in a statement that the legal action was not an attack on teachers or unions , but rather an attempt to give their children a voice and establish a system that "  rewards and retains excellent teachers " while providing appropriate resources to struggling teachers . Reforming teacher tenure and firing laws is a hotly debated issue in American education , with the California case widely seen as setting the stage for similar action nationally . Reformers say tenure laws and union protections make firing a bad teacher almost impossible , but teachers and their unions argue that school boards and their firing criteria have unfair , overtly political standards . The NYC Department of Education is the largest system of public schools in the United States , serving about 1.1 million students in more than 1,700 schools .	New York student plaintiffs claim teacher-tenure laws are flawed Union : Tenure laws are "  wildly misunderstood , " teachers are entitled to due process In a similar California case , a judge threw out state teacher-tenure laws
CNN Student News  -- August 15 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why do you think that some journalists are willing to potentially put themselves in harm 's way to cover news stories ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these key terms or places you heard in today 's show : 1 . Egypt 2 . natural born citizen 3 . performance-enhancing drugs  PEDs Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is the current U.S. secretary of state ? 2 . What are the eligibility criteria for U.S. president ? 3 . Angela Merkel is the leader of what country ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think the international community is so concerned about events in Egypt ? 2 . Why do you think that the Founding Fathers established the specific presidential eligibility criteria found in the U.S. Constitution ? What is your opinion of these criteria ? Explain . 3 . Why do you think that performance-enhancing drugs  PEDs  are illegal ? Does hearing that an athlete has been accused of using PEDs affect your opinion of him or her ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 4 . What information do you think world leaders might learn from interacting with citizens ? How might a leader use this kind of information ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Egypt North America Canada Europe Germany ; Norway FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- For over 16 years sport has played a crucial role in my life . Over that time I have learned many life lessons on the field of play which have become a part of who I am . My time as an athlete has given me the skill set to do the things that I am doing today . It has taught me discipline , dedication , responsibility , team work , time management , goal setting and most of all the ability to be passionate about the things I love . I was an "  able bodied " individual with no obstacles in my way , nothing stopping me from competing with my peers . I swam on the varsity high school team for four years and was captain in my senior year . It could n't get much more "  normal " than that . Until all of a sudden it was n't . The winter after I graduated I was left paralyzed and I was no longer what society constitutes as "  normal " . The most frustrating part was that , for me , nothing had changed -- other than the fact that my legs no longer worked . I was still this 5 ' 9 " athletic female with a love for swimming . But the times they are a-changin ' . We are approaching a change in the U.S. that could be as significant for generations to come as Title IX has been for these past 30 years . Title IX is a federal civic law in the U.S. which prohibits sex discrimination in education , therefore allowing women to compete in sports . This new change will allow disable student athletes access to sports , something that in my opinion is a no-brainer , something that should have been in place years ago . I did n't have this battle as a high school athlete as it was n't until college that I went through being involved in sports with a disability . I always think of Abby when I reflect on what the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights is doing by putting these mandates in order . Abby is your typical fun loving , upbeat 11-year-old girl , who has a love for sports and , much like me when I was her age , she loves to swim . Abby is also paralyzed . Four years ago I had the privilege of meeting Abby and her family and she has changed my life . Abby is the reason I am so passionate about being an advocate for disable individuals because children like her should be given the opportunity to have access to all the same things I did when I was an adolescent -- disabled or not . In our society we are so focused on putting people in categories . Racial profiling , economic profiling , religion and even academic ability level . But when we categorize people like this we forget that in essence we are all the same . It is 2013 , yet we are fighting for civil rights for disabled individuals , fighting so young adolescents can have access to equal opportunities Sports are something that every adolescent should have access to -- regardless of gender , regardless of race and regardless of disability . After I was paralyzed I thought my days of sporting competition were over . Less than a year after my injury I went away to school and found myself in Boiling Springs , North Carolina , at Gardner-Webb University . It is a small private NCAA Division One school and my time there changed everything for me . I was given the opportunity to be a part of the team . They accommodated me and gave me equal opportunities , just like every other individual on the team . The head coach , Mike Simpson , did n't treat me differently , he did n't cut me slack because I was disabled . He held the same expectations for me as he did for all my other teammates . He also gave me the opportunity to go back to being a part of a team within a sport that I have loved all my life . I traveled with the team , competed in duel meets and even our conference meet . I was given full access to sport with the expectation that I trained just as hard as everyone else . I am a competitive individual and I have spent the last five years of my life training for competition but sport transcends medals , records and awards . Sport is about what you learn . The family that you find within your team , the sense of belonging you feel , the friendships you build . No child should be denied access to any of those things . As an individual with a disability I can say this ; we are not asking for a hand out . We just want opportunity . There are so many incredible stories of athletes who have overcome disabilities , who have battled statistics and society 's stereotypes and made a name for themselves . With the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights placing this mandate it is my hope it will raise awareness of sport for individuals with disabilities and open the eyes of disabled adolescents to the opportunities which are out there for them . This directive requires schools to make reasonable modifications to allow disable students equal access to sport . Just because our society labels them as "  disabled " , it does n't mean they ca n't showcase their amazing abilities . Some of the greatest athletes in the world have disabilities . It is time we push past stereotypes and truly embrace this necessary change in our education system and society .	Department of Education set to introduce landmark rules on U.S. school sport Mallory Weggemann is a Paralympic gold medal winning swimmer Weggemann competed on Gardner-Webb University swim team She calls for equal opportunities for all athletes , regardless of disability
Editor 's note : CNN affiliates report on where job seekers are finding work across the country and how those looking for employment are coping with the situation . Job fairs are becoming more popular and are seeing record attendance . CNN  -- A record number of senior citizens attended a job fair this week in Loveland , Colorado . The fair , which targeted people 50 and older , drew the biggest crowd -- about 900 people -- for the annual event . Nan Cooper , a job seeker , said applicants have to do more these days than just walk into a prospective employer 's office with a resume . " -LSB- Times -RSB- have changed radically , " she told KMGH in Denver . "  I 've spent countless , countless hours on the Internet and filling out applications . " iReport.com : Share your job hunt story She said she had even applied for jobs through the online auction site eBay . Read the full report on KMGH Northeast : Job week seeks to solve ` disconnect ' between employers , job hunters Employers in the Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , area say they are having a difficult time filling 22,000 available positions . Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said this week the city would increase its participation in a job placement program , both monetarily and through city organizations . The mayor made his remarks as part of a kickoff event for Imagine Career Week , which links high school students and employers . A spokesman for one of the groups sponsoring the week 's events said there should n't be so many employers with open spots . "  At the same time , we have young people walking around famously saying that they ca n't find a job . There 's a big disconnect there someplace , " Paul Leger of the Allegheny Conference told WTAE . During the career week , students will visit businesses and prospective employers will visit classrooms . Read the full report on WTAE Southeast : Wal-Mart to increase its N.C. workforce by nearly 6 percent Wal-Mart said Wednesday it plans to add 3,000 jobs in North Carolina . The retail chain currently employs 51,000 people at 155 locations in the state . "  In a time when many are suffering , we want North Carolinians to know that we are here to stay , " David Cameron , general manager for the Carolinas , told WRAL of Raleigh . He did not say where the jobs would be located . North Carolina is one of eight states with unemployment above 10 percent . Read the report on WRAL Southeast : Military recruiter sees more potential airmen Technical Sgt. Greg O'Conner is staying very busy these days . He is an Air Force recruiter in Bradenton , Florida . "  With the way the economy is , recruitment is up , " he told Bay News 9 . "  I get dozens of calls every day and walk-ins from young men and women interested in joining the Air Force . " One of his recruits was 20-year-old Dakota Slentz , who can not afford to go to law enforcement training school . He said the Air Force offers a chance for great experiences as well as a great salary . In statistics provided by the Department of Defense , the Air Force has reported meeting its recruiting goals each month of the fiscal year , which began in October . Read the full report on Bay News 9 West : Sacramento project to bring thousands of jobs A building developer in Sacramento , California , says plans to turn rail yards into a residential and commercial district will require thousands of workers over the next 20 years . Suheil Totah of Thomas Enterprises told KCRA that initial projects like building roads will mean jobs for 3,000 people . The company said more than 56,000 people will be needed for the project in the next two decades . The 244 acres will be converted into a mix of homes , businesses , entertainment venues and government offices . Read the report on KCRA Around the nation Tennessee will use federal stimulus money to hire 12,000 people ages 24 and younger , WSMV reports . A food company is converting a North Carolina textile plant and bringing 172 jobs , WXII reports .	Job fair aimed at people 50 and older draws big crowd Pittsburgh area business executives meeting with high school students Wal-Mart adding 3,000 jobs in North Carolina Air Force recruiter in Florida has seen increase in interest
CNN  -- Lightning strikes apparently caused a major fire at a gasoline pipeline company 's "  tank farm " in North Carolina early Sunday morning , fire officials said . The blaze started at Colonial Pipeline Company in Greensboro after midnight , said David Douglas , an assistant fire chief in Greensboro . A tank holding about 20,000 barrels of gasoline -- about half that tank 's capacity -- caught fire . While some of the gasoline burned , some of it was safely transferred to another tank , according to Steve Baker , Colonial Pipeline 's director of communications . Firefighters used foam to extinguish the flames on the tank , Baker said , adding that Greensboro firefighters kept water hoses trained on other tanks in the sprawling complex to keep them cool and prevent the fire from spreading . The huge facility is near Piedmont Triad International Airport , and the massive blaze sent plumes of smoke throughout the area . The blaze caused the temporary closure of a portion of Interstate 40 , the North Carolina Department of Transportation said . There were no evacuations , Douglas said . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this story .	Lightning suspected in major fire at gasoline pipeline company A tank holding 20,000 barrels of gasoline caught fire Firefighters used foam to extinguish blaze Fire closed portions of Interstate 40
CNN  -- Despite persistent and understandable questions about the cost of college in America today , the value of a college education is clear . But that value is not spread as equitably as it should be across the nation . College graduates earn considerably more over the course of their careers than do people with just a high school education , and they are much less likely to be unemployed . A study by the New York Federal Reserve found the rate of return on a college degree to be approximately 15 % and , contrary to popular wisdom , it was n't just the science and engineering majors who benefited . Graduates in the liberal arts also saw their degrees pay off . The benefits of a college diploma also go well beyond direct financial returns . College graduates have lower divorce rates , enjoy healthier lives , have higher rates of health insurance , and much lower rates of incarceration . They also have offspring who are more successful in school . But the United States is falling behind other developed countries when it comes to educating its citizens , and there is a widening gap between the number of college graduates coming from low-income families versus high-income families . In a knowledge-based economy , highly trained workers are key to global competitiveness . At current rates , by 2018 the U.S. will be 3 million college graduates short of what we need to fill expected jobs . By 2025 , the shortage will be 16 million . The problem is particularly acute among African-Americans , Latinos , Native Americans and low-income Americans of all races and ethnicities . Students from high-income households are 10 times more likely to attain a college degree than are low-income students . The White House will shine a welcome spotlight on this issue Thursday with its second summit of university presidents and other higher education leaders . We are proud to be representing the University Innovation Alliance  UIA  at this gathering ; alliance members are coming to town with plans that are already being put into action to address this troubling disparity in higher education attainment . Raising the degree attainment rate for all Americans , especially those from minority and low-income backgrounds , is vital to our nation 's economic future . Universities -- especially public universities -- have a responsibility to find new ways to increase graduation rates for minorities and low-income Americans , so we can improve social mobility , narrow income gaps and produce the graduates required to grow the United States economy . That is why 11 public research universities , including our institutions , Arizona State University and Georgia State University , came together to announce the UIA in the fall . By collaborating instead of competing , we are committed to addressing this problem at scale and sharing strategies that proven to increase college graduation rates . The UIA 's first large-scale initiative focuses on predictive analytics , which involves technology designed to mine student data for early signs that a student may be struggling and then reaching out to that student with additional support tailored to his or her specific needs . A great example of the power of this approach comes from Georgia State , where the monitoring of student performance coupled with proactive advising strategies increased semester-to-semester retention rates by 5 % and reduced the time needed to earn degree by almost a half-semester . This means 1,200 more students are staying in school every year , and the class of 2014 saved $ 10 million in tuition and fees compared with graduates a year earlier . And because now students are graduating more quickly , Georgia taxpayers will save about $ 5 million in support costs for public education . If these same innovations were scaled across the 11 UIA institutions over the next five years , we could educate tens of thousands more students while saving almost $ 1.5 billion in educational costs to students and taxpayers . That is the kind of transformation higher education needs . At Arizona State , the introduction of technology-enhanced advising services has produced dramatic results : The four-year graduation rate at ASU increased by nearly 20 percentage points between 2002 and 2010 , with the most dramatic increase occurring after the introduction of a system called eAdvisor , which allows students to plot their progress toward a degree in real time . Arizona State , like Georgia State , has made investments to boost graduation rates , such as the hiring of hundreds of tutors , the creation of focused learning communities on campus , the introduction of adaptive learning platforms that modify the presentation of educational materials according to a student 's performance on tests , quizzes and other exercises  this is especially effective in math classes  and a "  retention dashboard " that signals to administrators when a student needs additional support . Arizona State 's six-year graduation rate stands at 62.5 % , and the goal is to achieve a 75 % rate by 2020 . But these efforts are not about specific innovations at particular institutions . They are about creating opportunities for students and building a stronger society . UIA members are working together to develop and share solutions that will improve the entire higher education sector , because we believe every individual deserves an opportunity to receive a high-quality and affordable education . We know what going it alone can accomplish . It 's time to discover what working together can do . We believe when universities collaborate , students win .	Two university presidents say studies show college is worth what it costs Michael Crow , Mark Becker : Benefits are n't spread equally through society White House is holding summit higher education leaders today 11 U.S. universities in alliance are putting ideas to work , they say
CNN  -- "  A 13-year-old girl called me an ape . " Adam Goodes was not impressed . One of the most successful proponents of a sport that is more Australian than any other , a hero in a country where its stars are gods , he was not going to take such an insult lightly . "  I stopped , I called her out , got her escorted out of the ground , and from that point the awareness and the conversations that have been had around racism in this country have just skyrocketed , " he tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . Goodes is a star of Australian Rules Football , best described as an often-confusing mix of the two rugby codes , basketball , and its close Gaelic football cousin . "  Aussie Rules , " also known as AFL , reflects the nation 's continuing battle with the aftermath of its colonial past . On one hand it sometimes highlights appalling attitudes towards indigenous peoples -- after the incident with the girl , the president of the host team 's club joked on radio that Goode should be used to promote a stage production of King Kong , effectively ending their friendship . On the other , it has made great efforts to welcome indigenous players ; there are 68 registered at the 18 Premiership teams this year , and their 9 % total of the sport 's overall list is greater proportionally than the 2.5 % they make up of the country 's total population . So it was all the harder for Goodes to accept being abused during a game that was part of the AFL 's 2013 "  Indigenous Round " -- and played at arguably the country 's most iconic sporting venue , the 100,000-capacity Melbourne Cricket Ground . "  I hope I 'm a person people look up to and say , ' I remember the day Adam Goodes did that at the MCG . Today is the day I 'm going to stand up for myself or stand up for somebody else who might not have a voice for themselves , ' " he says . "  Since last year , a lot more cases have come through , and I think that 's what needs to happen for it to improve . A lot more people need to call it out , need to say no to racism ... and we 're going to improve as a community from there . " In recognition of his work helping Aboriginal youth and battling racism , Goodes was named "  Australian of the Year " in January , the same month he turned 34 . "  It 's a very humbling experience , " he says . "  It 's been an amazing platform for me this year to talk about things I 'm passionate about -- like eliminating domestic violence and trying to get recognition in the constitution for Aboriginal people . "  It was quite dumbfounding for me to find out that we were n't part of  Australia 's  constitution -- this is a document that 's over 112 years old that does n't recognize its first people . " When European settlers came to Australia in the 1800s , they took land from the indigenous people and forced the nomadic tribes to accept new ways of living , often splitting up families under a government policy of "  assimilation " -- as highlighted in the acclaimed 2002 film "  Rabbit Proof Fence . " Australian politicians have since apologized for the past mistreatment , but Aborigines remain disadvantaged socially and economically compared with the overall population . Goodes , like many modern Aborigines , is from a mixed-race family , with a father of British descent . Born in South Australia , his tribal name is Adnyamathanha -- the people who live in the Flinders Ranges , the largest in Australia . His place of birth  Wallaroo , on the York Peninsular near Adelaide , first settled by Europeans in 1836  means he is also Narungga . "  Growing up , I did n't know what it meant to be Aboriginal , " Goodes recalls . "  My mum was taken away from her family when she was five years old and we were n't really taught anything about what it meant to be Aboriginal -- no language , no culture , no ceremonies , no nothing . "  What we did know was where we came from , and that was Adnyamathanha and Narungga , so I 've had to do a lot of that journey , to find out information about that , in the last 10 years . "  So for us , growing up , we just thought we were just like any other normal family . We did n't really see ourselves as mixed race . I copped stuff from people at school because of the different color and whatnot , but I had good support that helped me get through those tough times . " His parents separated when he was young , and he moved state to Victoria with his mother in his early teens , and they settled in another small country town . Up until that stage , Goodes was a big fan of basketball star Michael Jordan , while his own talents were in soccer . However , there were no teams in his new hometown -- so his mum suggested having a go at AFL . "  I was very athletic , so the running part of it was good , " he says . "  Grabbing the ball was quite difficult because it could bounce everywhere , but I was able to pick that up pretty easily . " The main premise of AFL is simple : kick the oval-shaped ball between the two central posts to score maximum points ; if it goes through the two outside posts , the score is lower . It results in basketball-size scorelines , and with 18 players on each team -- wearing sleeveless tops known as "  guernseys " and notoriously short shorts -- all kicking , passing , running , jumping and jostling at high intensity for two hours , it can be a confusing spectacle , as Goodes admits . "  You might come and watch a game and not know what 's going on . That 's because the players , the coaches , the supporters and even sometimes the umpires do n't know what 's going on either , " he says . "  I still think that I 'm learning things and improving because it is a game that you can never truly master . " While it was started by European settlers in the 1850s , the game has strong links to an ancient Aboriginal sport known as Marngrook . "  We used to play a game where we 'd have a possum skin filled with charcoal and they 'd kick it around , hand-pass it around , 50-a-side , up and down these massive bits of land , and they would play for days , " Goodes says . He has won two AFL titles , once as captain , and twice been awarded the game 's highest individual honor , the Brownlow Medal . His biggest challenge becoming an AFL player , he says , was not being an Aboriginal in a white man 's world , but having to uproot from his family at the age of 17 and chase his sporting dream in Sydney , where he had been drafted by the city 's AFL club the Swans . "  In the first year , I did n't look even close to playing in the senior side , I played reserves all year , " Goodes says . "  It was really a tough year for me and it was n't until the next year that I actually really committed and decided , ` this is what I want to do , this is what I wanted to be . ' I started to make those real sacrifices and really working hard , making all the right choices to be a professional athlete . " He was inspired by Aboriginal teammate Michael O'Loughlin , nearly three years his senior . "  The way our kinship system works , he 's actually my nephew -- something I only just found out recently , " Goodes says . O'Loughlin was the first Sydney player to pass 300 games , and Goodes broke his club record in 2012 when he made his 304th appearance . He is now the most-capped indigenous player , having beaten Andrew McLeod 's record of 340 games for Adelaide this year -- the most by any player is 426 . "  To have him there to help mentor me , and show me the way , has just been an ideal situation for me and that 's what I would want for my brothers and any other people when they go to a football club , " he says of O'Loughlin , who retired in 2009 . Having had a long spell on the sidelines with injury last year , missing the club 's run to the preliminary final , Goodes says he is determined to extend his career for as long as possible . "  I know I can still improve and I think that is what drives me , " he says ahead of this weekend 's opening playoffs , where Sydney will take on Fremantle after finishing the regular season as the top team . "  A lot of people would say I 'm past it , but I still believe I have a lot to offer . " When he finally hangs up his boots , Goodes aims to focus on the foundation he set up with O'Loughlin , which provides school scholarships for Aboriginal children in Sydney . "  I 've committed a lot of my time to my sport and there 's going to be a big void for me to fill , " he says . "  It 'll be nice to have a bit more spare time for me . "	Adam Goodes is a leading AFL player who has battled against racism He is the most-capped indigenous player in the Australian sport The 34-year-old has won two AFL titles and been named top player twice Goodes has helped Sydney into 2014 playoffs as minor premiership winner
Sapeacu , Brazil  CNN  -- Shopkeepers and school children in this remote Brazilian farming town giggle and point when Rebecca Bernardo pedals by on her rusty red bicycle . The unwanted attention started a few months ago when the Brazilian high school student posted a video on YouTube . Wearing a sleeveless pink top and standing next to a mirror showing her profile as she speaks , Bernardo announces to the camera , "  Hi , my name is Rebecca . I 'm here to auction off my virginity . " Bernardo told CNN she made the offer because she was desperate to help her ailing mother . She heard about Catarina Migliorini , a Brazilian woman who reportedly sold her virginity for $ 780,000 on an Australian website seeking virgins . Migliorini has reportedly yet to finalize the deal and receive the money , and Brazil is reportedly investigating whether the website should be charged with human trafficking . Nevertheless , Migliorini has received widespread publicity and modeling contracts -- including a spread in Brazil 's version of Playboy magazine . "  I made up my mind right after my 18th birthday , " Bernardo said in an interview with CNN last month in her small , one-bedroom house . "  That 's when my mother suffered a stroke . " The stroke left her mother bed-ridden , unable to feed herself or go to the bathroom alone . Bernardo said she looked for jobs and tried selling cosmetics and working as a waitress , but without a high school degree , the pay was minimal . "  I would get 150 reais  $ 75  for working all day , which would just pay the salary of someone to stay with my mother , " she said , after patiently feeding her mother a plate of reheated spaghetti . "  There comes a time when you have to make decisions to get what you want . You have to be strong . " About a month ago , she said she used a friend 's YouTube account to post the video of her offer , which she said got 3,000 hits on the first day . YouTube has taken the post down and the account associated with it "  due to multiple third-party notifications of copyright infringement , " although it has been widely reposted on the video sharing site . There are questions surrounding the authenticity of Bernardo 's altruism . A Brazilian TV network offered to pay for her mother 's medical expenses if Bernardo called off the auction . While she initially accepted the offer during a television interview , she later rejected it because the network would not pay for a house in a different town where she could "  start a new life . " There are also questions about whether her offer to auction off her virginity is just a ploy to attract media attention that could lead to lucrative deals . In October , Bernardo posted a YouTube video auditioning for the next installment of the Brazilian version of "  Big Brother , " which offers a $ 500,000 prize to the last housemate left on the show . In the video , she talks about her hobbies and says that if she wins , she will use the money to help her ailing mother . She later told TV Globo , which produces the Brazilian version of the show , that she has n't registered to be a contestant . Bernardo said she has received several bids for her virginity -- the highest one for 70,000 reais , or $ 35,000 . Prostitution is legal in Brazil . Bernardo 's video initially set off a firestorm in her hometown , echoing across the country . "  When she started the auction , people in the street threw coins at her when she went by , " said a local mechanic . "  But I never looked at her differently . " Today , attitudes in Sapeacu are shifting , thanks in part to the national attention her story is getting . Her neighbors seemed largely sympathetic , noting that Bernardo 's only sister died young and that she never knew her father . "  She had no one to go to , no one to help , so this is the only solution she found , " said one neighbor . "  Everyone has the right to decide what to do with their own body , even if that 's not the choice I would make , " said another . But her mother , speaking with difficulty from her bed with her daughter sitting beside her , said she is devastated . "  It 's wrong , it 's wrong ! " she said . "  She should look for work , she should n't prostitute herself . " Yet , as her mother 's sole caregiver , Bernardo insists she has few options . "  It 's a lot of responsibility to face alone , " she said , wiping away tears . "  I 'm not really prepared . " Lurid journey through Backpage.com 2009 : Virginity for sale Opinion : State ban on sex listings is dangerous CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto reported from Atlanta , Georgia , and CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sapeacu , Brazil .	18-year-old Brazilian girl is auctioning off her virginity on YouTube She says she plans to use the money to help her ailing mother A TV network offered to pay for her mother 's medical expenses The deal fell through because Bernardo wanted money for a new house
CNN  -- Exxon Mobil will pay all of the costs related to last week 's oil spill in an Arkansas neighborhood , a company spokesman said Wednesday . Between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from a ruptured pipeline -- not 12,000 barrels , as previously reported , according to Exxon Mobil spokesman Alan Jeffers . The company has no timeline yet for when the cleanup around the two dozen homes in a Mayflower , Arkansas , subdivision would be completed , Jeffers said . Excavation of the contaminated soil is under way , weather permitting , he said . He did not have an estimate of the costs of the effort . Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel has opened an investigation into what caused a 2 - or 3-inch gash in the underground Pegasus pipeline , which began spewing crude Friday . McDaniel said Tuesday he asked Exxon Mobil , the owner of the 60-year-old pipeline , to preserve all documents and information related to the spill and cleanup efforts . "  This incident has damaged private property and Arkansas 's natural resources . Homeowners have been forced from their homes as a result of this spill , " McDaniel said in a statement Tuesday . "  Requesting that Exxon secure these documents and data is the first step in determining what happened and preserving evidence for any future litigation . " The Pegasus pipeline carries Canadian crude from Illinois to Texas , a state transportation engineer said . Exxon Mobil met with displaced residents over the weekend to explain how they can make claims for losses . "  If you have been harmed by this spill then we 're going to look at how to make that right , " Exxon Mobil Pipeline Co. . President Gary Pruessing told them .	Between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from a ruptured pipeline No timeline yet for the cleanup around two dozen Arkansas homes Excavation of contaminated soil is under way , weather permitting
HOLLYWOOD , Florida  CNN  -- A man serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore has confessed to overpowering and fatally shooting a deputy who was taking him to court Wednesday , authorities said . Michael Mazza , 40 , was arrested outside a pawn shop in Hollywood , Florida , hours after the death of Broward County Deputy Paul Rein sparked a massive manhunt . It was the third shooting of a Broward County sheriff 's deputy in four months , and the second fatality . The incident happened as Mazza was being taken to the second day of his trial in connection with the armed robbery of a Coral Springs bank , Sheriff Al Lamberti said . Mazza was being transported in a medical van because of a medical condition , Lamberti said . The driver 's compartment of the van was separated from the back by a cage or grill . Mazza and Rein left about 8:05 a.m. , Lamberti said . Minutes later , a truck driver who saw all or part of the altercation near Pompano Beach called 911 . "  All of this transpired within six minutes . That 's all it took , " Lamberti said . The struggle began when Rein apparently pulled the medical transport van over at an intersection . The deputy 's body showed other injuries from the fight -- a broken finger , bruises and cuts , Lamberti said . Mazza allegedly took Rein 's service weapon away from him and shot him , authorities said . Although two shots were fired , Rein was shot only once , the bullet entering his upper chest and exiting his lower back , Lamberti told reporters . After the shooting , Mazza is believed to have thrown Rein from the van and driven away . A city public works employee later spotted the blood-spattered van in Fort Lauderdale , Lamberti said . Mazza , meanwhile , is believed to have hitchhiked his way down to Hollywood , about 20 miles away . He approached a man at a pawn shop and asked for a ride . The man , who was headed to a second pawn shop , agreed . When the man arrived at the second pawn shop , he left Mazza in the car and went inside , Lamberti said . As he was talking to the clerk , a television in the shop began broadcasting news about the deputy 's shooting , and showed a picture of Mazza , he said . The man "  tells the clerk , ` Hey , I have that guy in my car , ' " Lamberti said . He went back to the car , took his keys , came back and told the clerk to call police . Mazza was arrested shortly afterward . Rein 's gun was found with Mazza in the man 's car , the sheriff said . Mazza faces charges including first-degree murder and escape , Lamberti said . He was being interviewed by police Wednesday afternoon and was to appear before a judge at some point , he said , and afterward would be transported to Dade County Jail . Because the shooting was "  an emotionally charged event for all of us ... we feel it 's probably better that he be housed at another facility outside of Broward County , " Lamberti said , and Dade County agreed to house him . Mazza initially was reluctant to talk to authorities , but later agreed , and confessed to shooting Rein , the sheriff said . He offered no details . Lamberti said Mazza was serving a life sentence for robbing a drugstore in Coconut Creek , correcting his earlier statement that Mazza was serving two life sentences . He was on trial for robbery of the Coral Springs bank . Broward County also has a pending case against Mazza -- a February drugstore robbery in Pompano Beach , he said . Mazza was dressed in civilian clothes -- a suit -- rather than jail scrubs Wednesday because he had a court date , authorities have said . When caught , however , Mazza was wearing a T-shirt , shorts and sneakers , Lamberti told reporters . Police are investigating whether he had planned the escape in advance and whether anyone helped him . Rein 's co-workers told reporters he was "  in outstanding condition physically . " The sheriff 's office has fitness-for-duty standards that deputies must meet . Broward County deputies conduct some 400 to 500 inmate court transports a day -- one deputy transporting up to a handful of inmates , Lamberti said . Thin staffing and scant resources prevent more than one deputy being involved , he said . "  It 's a routine thing , " Lamberti said . "  But it shows , in this profession , nothing is routine , whether it be a domestic , a traffic stop or just transporting an inmate to court . " As news of the escape broke , all 273 schools in Broward County went on lockdown , according to Nadine Drew , a spokeswoman for the school system . Lamberti said Rein 's wife spoke to her husband by cell phone just 10 minutes before he was shot . "  She said you never think it 's going to happen to you , " the sheriff said . The deputy was memorialized Wednesday on the Web site of the Broward County Sheriff 's Office . Visitors to the site were greeted by a photo of Rein , with a caption saying , "  Husband . Father . Friend . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Deadly struggle "  transpired within six minutes . That 's all it took , " sheriff says NEW : Suspect faces charges including first-degree murder and escape Incident happened as the deputy was transporting Michael Mazza to court Mazza was apprehended after a massive manhunt
Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen is usually one of Twitter 's more resilient members . But after getting lost in a "  sea of hate and anger " on the platform , Teigen has tapped out . The 28-year-old turned into a Twitter all-star after she joined in 2009 , thanks to her irreverent sense of humor , prolific use and ability to tweet about pretty much anything . But after getting a vitriolic response to her comments regarding the October 22 shootings in Ottawa , Ontario , Teigen posted that she 's quitting Twitter for the  presumably  safer pastures of Instagram . Here 's what started it all : On Wednesday , as the shooting story unfolded , Teigen posted : "  active shooting in Canada , or as we call it in america , wednesday . That 's not a joke . It is a fact . ... I 've lost faith in this world . Sorry if it comes off as being unemotional . There is just so much bad . " It seems the negative reaction fell on Teigen pretty quickly , as she then had to clarify that she was not making a joke at the expense of Canada , but as a sardonic observation about gun control in America .  Incidentally , it was just days before the Marysville , Washington , school shooting . However , that clarification apparently did n't change the tide of response Teigen received . "  You should probably stick to having your picture taken for a living , " replied one user . "  So , how much of an stupid bitch are you ? " asked another . At one point , Teigen posted a photo of the responses she was getting on Twitter , suggesting the platform should be more proactive about stomping out threatening tweets . By October 23 , Teigen was officially over Twitter . "  I ca n't see anything through the sea of hate and anger that is now my Twitter . Seriously I ca n't sift through it all , " Teigen said . "  It 's gotten to the point people do n't even see  t  he simplicity of the original tweet and have just wanted to get shaking-mad over something . " After sharing one more threatening message , this time from a Twitter user who hoped that "  someone murders some  one  you love , like your f **** t husband , " Teigen posted what sounds like her final tweet -- at least for now . "  I feel sick , " she said . "  Bye Twitter . Taking my talents to Instagram . "	Chrissy Teigen has apparently quit Twitter after receiving threatening messages The messages were in response to a remark she made about gun control Teigen was known as one of Twitter 's more popular users
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A female suicide bomber in northern Iraq targeted buoyant soccer fans who had just watched their national team win a big match against China , authorities told CNN . At least 29 people were wounded when the bomber detonated her suicide vest in a marketplace in the Diyala province town of Qara Tappa , a predominantly Shiite Kurdish town with a Shiite Turkmen population . Col. Ragheb al-Omairi , spokesman for Diyala Military operations command , who confirmed the account , said police on foot patrols were also in the area of bombing . Twenty-five civilians and four police were wounded , with at least 12 of the civilians in critical condition . The match , which Iraq won 2-1 , was watched avidly across the country by Iraqis of all stripes -- united by their love of soccer . The game was part of the Asian qualifier for the 2010 South Africa World Cup , and Iraq and China are part of Group 1 , along with Australia and Qatar . The match was played in China . The top two teams in the round advance to another stage of qualifying for the World Cup . Iraq eliminated China from competition and is in the running to advance . Celebratory gunfire also rang out across Baghdad , and the Baghdad Operations Command put an urgent message on state TV asking people to be careful and avoid shooting to celebrate . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki issued congratulations to the team , which last year won the Asia Cup . The bombing underscored the tensions that persist in a country where violence has dropped . Twenty females have carried out suicide bombings in Iraq this year , many more than in previous years . According to the U.S. military , women carried out eight bombings in all of 2007 . Authorities said that al Qaeda in Iraq is recruiting women and that more women are offering themselves up for missions . The officials said the women are desperate and hopeless , most have pre-existing ties to the insurgency , and their main motive is revenge for a male family member killed by U.S. or Iraqi forces in the war . "  We do see certain members of cells attempting to persuade women , specifically in many cases wives of those who have been killed as terrorists , to conduct suicide operations , " U.S. Maj. Gen. Mark Hertling said recently . His area of operations includes Diyala province . Hertling 's troops have targeted families of suspected female bombers in a bid to break up the rings that are recruiting the women and girls . Intelligence gathered from detainees indicates that al Qaeda in Iraq is looking for women who are illiterate , who are deeply religious or who have financial struggles , often because they 've lost the male head of the household . Women and girls always have played a role in the insurgency in Iraq , helping feed militants , hiding them in their homes and helping to sneak weapons around the country . They have proved to be highly effective in their operations , because women are not searched by men for cultural and religious reasons . The U.S. military has created a program called the Daughters of Iraq , analogous to the Sons of Iraq , across the Sunni regions of the country . The Daughters of Iraq are being trained to conduct searches of women . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Attack strikes people celebrating Iraq team 's win in World Cup qualifier 29 wounded in predominantly Kurdish town in Diyala province Twenty female suicide bombings in Iraq this year , a sharp uptick Insurgent recruiters target troubled women , authorities say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two-year-old Tangena Hussain vanished three months ago in the Detroit suburb of Hamtramck , Michigan , and police say the trail has gone cold . Tangena Hussain , 2 , has been missing since October 2 and police in Michigan are asking for the public 's help . Tangena 's mother called police on the evening of October 2 , 2008 , to report her daughter missing after frantically searching the area where she was last seen . The child 's mother , Nilufa Begum , told police she had left the girl in the care of her boyfriend , Jamrul Hussain . Although Tangena and Hussain have the same last name , he is not her father . Begum told investigators her daughter was with Hussain all day while she worked at the Northland Mall . Hussain said he stopped at a gas station with Tangena while on the way to the mall to pick up Begum . They stopped at about 9 p.m. to buy gum and juice , he said . Hussain told police he left Tangena in the car for only a few moments and when he returned , the little girl was gone . He did not call police and did not conduct a search , but instead drove to the mall and picked up Begum , investigators said . When she saw Tangena was not with Hussain , Begum asked him where she was . His response was cryptic , she told police . He said he would take her to the place where her daughter was . Begum became alarmed as Hussain drove to a gas station where , he said , Tangena disappeared . They searched for Tangena together , while Begum called the police to report her daughter missing . A surveillance camera shows the boyfriend , Hussain , going into the gas station 's store , police said . On the video , he makes some purchases and leaves within a few minutes . But there is no video of the area where Hussain parked his car , nor any video that could show whether the little girl had been there or how she might have disappeared . Police have not named a person of interest in the toddler 's disappearance . When the media picked up the story , a teenager came forward , saying she recognized Hussain as the man who allegedly attacked her . During the investigation , police discovered that the young accuser , then 15 , had been Hussain 's prior girlfriend . Hussain , 24 , was arrested and charged with two counts of having sex with a minor . He is free on bail while awaiting trial . "  My client is innocent of the charges . He did not have sex with a minor child , " said Hussain 's lawyer , Shawn Patrick Smith . Tangena 's parents said they just want answers . Her father , Mohammad Ahmed , lives in New York and added $ 5,000 to an existing Crimestopper 's reward of $ 1,000 . "  We are praying that someone knows something that can help us find my daughter , " Ahmed said . "  How can a child disappear without someone seeing something ? Something does n't fit about -LSB- Hussain 's -RSB- story . " When questioned , Begun told police only she and Hussain saw Tangena in the week leading up to her October 2 disappearance . A Michigan Amber Alert was issued for Tangena at 5 a.m. the morning after she disappeared . But in the months since , police have hit a dead end . Police and family members are turning to the public for help . If anyone has seen Tangena Hussain or has any information regarding her whereabouts , please call the Detroit Police Department at 313-596-1240 . Tangena is 3 ' 2 " tall , weighs 34 lbs , has black short hair , brown eyes , and is of East Indian descent . She was last seen wearing white cargo pants , brown long-sleeved T-shirt with a cartoon picture on the front and gold sandals . The reward for information leading to the whereabouts of Tangena Hussain is $ 6,000 .	Tangena Hussain last seen on October 2 Mother left child , age 2 , in care of boyfriend Mom 's boyfriend says child disappeared from car at gas station A $ 6,000 reward is offered . Call Detroit police at 313-596-1240
Japan 's new defense white paper has done little to mend fences with Beijing , with the Chinese government complaining that its Asian neighbor is using the "  China threat " to justify a bigger defense budget . Japan will spend about $ 49 billion on defense in the fiscal year to March 2015 -- up about 3 % from the previous year -- in the face of what it says is a worsening security environment in the region . It cites tensions on the Korean peninsula and territorial disputes in the sea lanes running south from northern Asia as its key concerns . Under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Japan is becoming more assertive about its defense posture , and is looking to upgrade its military over the next four years with bigger helicopter carriers , more anti-submarine patrol aircraft , surveillance drones , better amphibious warfare capability , and first deliveries in 2018 of its new fifth-generation fighter , the U.S.-made F35 Joint Strike Fighter . In terms of regional defense , Japan benefits substantially from its security alliance with the United States , and is a big buyer of U.S.-made weaponry . It also builds its own submarines , surface ships and fighter variants . China , which will likely spend about $ 200 billion this financial year on defense -- second only to the United States -- is a significant buyer of Russian aircraft , ships and submarines , but is concentrating on its own domestic capabilities . It launched its first aircraft carrier in late 2012 , with two more likely to be built by the end of this decade . It is also developing its own fifth-generation stealth fighter , the twin-engined J20 , with the first deployment expected in 2018 . Dangerous activities Japan 's annual defense document , approved by the Abe cabinet on August 5 , says Chinese ships and aircraft have engaged in "  dangerous activities " in disputed areas such as the South China and East China Seas , and these could have "  unintended consequences . " China 's Defense Ministry quickly rejected the Japanese claim , calling it simply an excuse for Japan 's own military expansion . It said it strongly opposed Japan 's "  ignorance of facts " and its "  groundless accusations " about China 's military development . Japan says China needs to be more transparent about the reasons behind what Tokyo calls a "  broad and rapid " buildup of Chinese military might . It says China has n't been clear about the rationale for its expansion . In the air , China already has more frontline fighters than Japan , with the Chinese combat arsenal including advanced Russian SU-27 and SU-30 planes , and the domestic J10 , J11 and J16 . Japan has about 260 planes , including about 200 F15s , its mainstay fighter . Qualitatively , Japan still is seen to have an edge because of its close integration with the Japan-based U.S. military forces , in areas such as early warning , electronic warfare and refueling . By 2018 , that air superiority could tilt to China , depending on how smoothly the roll-out proceeds respectively for China 's J20 and the Japanese variant of the U.S. F35 . U.S. pivot For the United States , the China-Japan defense spending spat is another point of Asia-Pacific regional tension . The administration of U.S. President Barack Obama wants to expand and maintain good relations with China , but is mindful that Japan hosts most of the key U.S. forward bases in the region . Plus there is a powerful economic incentive : Asia-Pacific continues to be a major focus of arms sales for the U.S. , in competition with Russia , some European suppliers , and China itself . According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  SIPRI  , global military spending last year was about $ 1.75 trillion , with the top 15 nations accounting for about $ 1.4 trillion of that . It ascribed a figure of $ 640 billion to the U.S. in 2013 , followed by China on $ 188 billion . Russia ranked third , with a 2013 spend of about $ 88 billion , ahead of Saudi Arabia  $ 67 billion  , France  $ 61 billion  , UK  $ 58 billion  , and Germany  $ 48.8 billion  . Japan , India and South Korea ranked 8th , 9th and 10th in 2013 , according to SIPRI 's calculations . U.S. military spending declined in 2013 and is budgeted to fall again in the year to September 2014 to about $ 526 billion . In contrast , SIPRI says that China , Russia and Saudi Arabia have more than doubled their military spending since 2004 . Territorial spat China and Japan have a long-standing territorial dispute in the East China Sea over a group of islands known in Japan as the Senkakus and in China as the Diaoyutai . The islands lie about 111 miles  180 kilometers  northeast of Taiwan and about 248 miles  400 kilometers  west of Okinawa . The area has seen a number of air and sea confrontations in recent years -- a point highlighted in the Japanese defense white paper . It says : "  China has intruded into Japanese territorial waters frequently and violated Japan 's airspace by its government ships and aircraft belonging to maritime law-enforcement agencies , and has engaged in dangerous activities that could cause unintended consequences , such as its vessel 's direction of a fire control radar at a JMSDF destroyer , the flight of fighters abnormally close to JSDF aircraft , and its announcement of establishing the ` East China Sea Air Defense Identification Zone ' based on its own assertion thereby infringing the freedom of overflight over the high seas . " In response , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said on August 8 that there was "  nothing disputable " about China carrying out "  normal maritime and air activities which are consistent with international laws and relevant domestic laws and regulations . " The spokesperson said China was exercising its legitimate rights and interests in establishing the East China Sea ADIZ , and was "  in conformity with international laws and common practices . " Japan also has a territorial dispute with South Korea over the Takeshima/Dokdo group of islands in the Sea of Japan/East Sea . South Korea complained that the Japanese defense white paper included the disputed islets as Japanese territory and called on Japan to withdraw what it termed an "  unjust claim . " Further south , in the South China Sea , China is in dispute with Vietnam , the Philippines , Malaysia , Brunei , Indonesia and Taiwan over competing claims to various islets and rocky outcrops .	Japan will spend about $ 49 billion on defense in the fiscal year to March 2015 Compares with the $ 200 billion China will likely spend on defense Under Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Japan is becoming more assertive about its defense posture China 's Defense Ministry says defense paper is an excuse for Japan 's military expansion
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Indian actor Rajesh Khanna , who became the first Bollywood superstar , died Wednesday in Mumbai at the age of 69 , his family said . The death of Khanna , who starred in dozens of movies in a career spanning five decades , prompted tributes from fellow actors and the Indian government . "  He was called the first superstar of the Indian cinema and his popularity as a romantic hero in the 1960s and 1970s is a part of our film folklore , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh wrote in a condolence message to Khanna 's family . "  Rajesh Khanna taught us how to smile . He added dignity to our concept of romance , " the actor Anupam Kher said in a message posted on his Twitter feed . "  His songs made us forget our daily struggles of life . " Khanna had been in and out of the hospital during the past few months , but the nature of his illness and cause of death have not been officially disclosed . Bollywood star Dev Anand dies at 88 After Khanna 's son-in-law , Akshay Kumar , who is also a Bollywood star , announced his death Wednesday , crowds of people gathered outside his Mumbai home . And hundreds of people lined the streets of Mumbai for his funeral Thursday . Khanna began his movie career in the 1966 film Aakhri Khat  The Last Letter  , but his breakout role came three years later in the highly successful Aradhana  Worship  , in which he played a dashing pilot . He went on to star in a string of hit romantic movies , and his shy smile won him legions of devoted admirers . Among his most popular films were Safar  Journey  in 1970 ; Anand  Bliss  in 1971 ; and Haathi Mere Sathi  Elephant , My Companion  also in 1971 . The secret of Bollywood 's success His movie career wound down over the course of the 1980s , and he shifted his attention to politics . He was elected to the lower house of the Indian parliament in 1992 by a borough of New Delhi . After Khanna 's time in parliament ended in 1996 , his popularity dimmed and his political career faded . He led a more reclusive life and was rarely seen in public . Bollywood poster painters face extinction in digital age He appeared in just a handful of films , the last of which was Wafaa  Loyalty  in 2008 . He briefly reemerged a few months ago , appearing in a television ad for ceiling fans . Born as Jatin Khanna in 1942 , Khanna married fellow actor Dimple Kapadia in 1973 . They had two daughters , Twinkle Khanna and Rinke Khanna . The couple separated in the 1980s , but his estranged wife was seen with him in recent months after he fell ill .	His movies are part of Indian "  film folklore , " the prime minister says The actor had been in and out of hospital in recent months He is best remembered for the romantic movies he made in the '60s and '70s Khanna also spent four years as a lawmaker in the Indian parliament
What started with days of traffic jams in an obscure New Jersey town has now become a major scandal for one of the most prominent U.S. politicians . For those of you west of the Poconos , or just with normal lives , here 's how the closure of two lanes on a bridge over the Hudson River suddenly became the epicenter of American political news . Governor who ? Chris Christie is seen as a rising star in the Republican Party and a possible presidential contender in 2016 . He won a second term as governor of Democratic-leaning New Jersey , the 11th-largest U.S. state , in November . He was the keynote speaker at the party 's 2012 convention , serves as chairman of the Republican Governors Association and led all other potential GOP contenders in a recent CNN/ORC International poll . Fast facts - who is Chris Christie ? So what happened on the bridge ? Back in September , two months before Christie 's re-election , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey closed two of the three lanes that lead to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee , across the Hudson from Manhattan . That caused days of massive traffic jams in Fort Lee , where the Democratic mayor had declined to endorse Christie . The closures were ordered by David Wildstein , a Christie confidante and the governor 's appointee to the Port Authority , which operates the nation 's busiest bridge . They immediately sparked speculation by Democrats that the action amounted to political retaliation against Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich . That led to hearings in New Jersey 's state legislature and the December resignations of Wildstein -- who had said the closures were part of a traffic study -- and Bill Baroni , New Jersey 's top Port Authority official . Then came Wednesday 's revelation that a top Christie aide had e-mailed Wildstein before the closures , telling him , "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " In a lengthy news conference Thursday , Christie announced he had fired the author of that e-mail , deputy chief of staff Bridget Anne Kelly , and said he was "  embarrassed and humiliated " by the "  abject stupidity " of the move . On the George Washington Bridge : ` Those days ... worse than a disaster ' Politics ai n't beanbag . What 's the big deal ? Fort Lee 's emergency medical services chief warned at the time that the resulting traffic jams could have life-or-death implications for residents by delaying firefighters and paramedics . He listed several examples , including car wrecks , chest pains and a 91-year-old woman who suffered a heart attack and later died . And politically , several analysts say the scandal endangers any national ambitions Christie may have . "  If a woman died here , he 's in deep , deep trouble , " said David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst . The former federal prosecutor 's combative personality has produced some compelling video clips over the past few years , particularly when confronted with hecklers . Critics call him a bully -- an allegation Christie denied in his news conference Thursday , but one Gergen said the Fort Lee scandal reinforces . "  There 's something about this that 's so petty and so vindictive ... he 's going to have to find some way to defuse this to prove he does n't run a shop like that , " Gergen said . Bridge controversy : Traffic snarl delayed EMS , official says Now what ? Investigations and some "  soul searching " on the part of the governor , who said he was "  blindsided " by the e-mails . "  I have worked for the last 12 years in public life developing a reputation for honesty and directness and blunt talk , one that I think is well-deserved , " he said . "  But , you know , when something like this happens , it is appropriate for you to question yourself . And certainly I am , and I am soul searching on this . " But first , he headed to Fort Lee for a mea culpa -- a personal , "  face-to-face " apology to Sokolich and the people of his town Thursday afternoon , which Sokolich called "  gracious " and "  conciliatory . " That may not be the end of it , however . State lawmakers are still holding hearings into the bridge scandal . Wildstein refused to testify before the state General Assembly 's Transportation Committee on Thursday afternoon , invoking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . And the U.S. attorney 's office in Trenton -- the governor 's old post -- says it 's looking into whether any federal laws were broken . Both the Port Authority 's inspector-general and state Sen. Barbara Buono , Christie 's opponent in November , have asked federal authorities to step in . Opinion : Christie 's rising star now a target	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie is seen as a leading Republican contender in 2016 He 's now ensnared in a scandal over the closure of bridge lanes in Fort Lee "  Time for some traffic problems " after town 's mayor would n't back Christie , an aide wrote New Jersey governor promises "  soul searching " after firing the aide
CNN  In the two years since "  Lean In " became a best-seller and sparked countless conversations about gender equality , author Sheryl Sandberg says she has gotten one question over and over from men : What can they do ? Now the Facebook chief operating officer is giving them some specific answers by aligning with one of the most popular athletes on the planet . If LeBron James is encouraging men to lean in for women , do n't you think some of his 19 million Twitter followers will get the message too ? That 's certainly what Sandberg and her LeanIn.org colleagues are hoping , following their brand new partnership with the National Basketball Association and the Women 's National Basketball Association and the creation of a public service campaign called #LeanInTogether . In a 30-second video of NBA and WNBA all-stars , we see James of the Cleveland Cavaliers holding up a poster , which says "  All-Star Dad . " Dwayne Wade of the Miami Heat says , "  When men lean in , everyone wins , " and then touts how he leans in for his wife , mother and grandmother . "  Help women aim high , " says Al Horford of the Atlanta Hawks . The significance of the message and the men who are relaying it is twofold , says Sandberg . To truly bring about equality at home and at work , men need to be part of the discussion , and we need to bring the discussion to where men are , she says . Sheryl Sandberg at BlogHer : Not every woman has to be a CEO "  The conversation about equality has long existed by women , for women , in women 's forums where women are , and that will continue , and that 's important . But bringing it to the center of the court , bringing men to the center of that conversation -- people like LeBron James and Steph Curry  of the Golden State Warriors  and Dwayne Wade , saying ` I 'm in for equality and here 's why ' -- I think that could be transformative , " said Sandberg in a phone interview . What Sandberg and LeanIn.org are also hoping to do is show men specifically what they can do , providing a series of tips about things they could start doing at home and at work , and as managers , as soon as they finish reading this story . Many of the suggestions might seem like common sense to many women -- such as male managers giving women credit in meetings and men sharing 50-50 in household and child care duties at home . But Sandberg says with the list of "  simple , clear , everyday things , practical things " men can do that are based on real data , men will see not only how they can help but how they individually will benefit . For instance , research shows that boys and girls with a more involved father are healthier , mentally and physically , happier , have stronger emotional attachments and relationships , are at lower risk for substance abuse and are more successful at work and at home , Sandberg said . For girls , there 's an extra benefit , she said . By age 14 , if a girl sees her father doing child care and housework , her concept of the array of things she can do professionally is much broader than that of girls who do n't see their fathers doing household chores , she said , pointing to a study by the University of British Columbia and published in a journal of the Association for Psychological Science . "  The way men react when you tell them children of more active fathers of any income level , no matter how active a mother is , do better -- a lot of men , particularly those with wives who are home  and who say  ` I 'm covered . My kids are in good hands ' ... they are motivated , " said Sandberg . Despite ` Lean In , ' workplace equality remains abysmal Dads might think they are doing all they can by telling their daughters they can be anything they want , but if Mom is still doing all the cooking and cleaning , their girls are n't getting the full message . "  What really matters is seeing what you do . You have to walk the walk . She needs to see equality to believe it . " Another huge goal , Sandberg says , is showing men they wo n't lose out in the workplace when there is more equality in the executive suites and in boardrooms . "  If you 've long been in the majority and long held power , and you see change , you could naturally be nervous that this was n't going to help you , " said Sandberg . Men need to realize it 's not a zero sum game , she said . "  When companies do better , there are more jobs , more promotions , more salaries for everyone . When companies do worse , there 's less for everyone , " she said . She mentioned a recent study by the International Monetary Fund , which found that if women were in the workforce at the same percentage as men in the U.S. , our country 's gross domestic product would grow by 5 % . "  We have n't seen 5 % GDP growth in a long time . ... That 's a lot of jobs for a lot of people , so understanding that this is beneficial for everyone , I think , is huge . " Work-life balance not just a women 's issue Sandberg 's #LeanInTogether comes as emphasis seems to be growing on getting boys and men to think about gender equality . Sandberg will be one of the opening night speakers at a four-day conference on engaging men and boys that begins Thursday in New York . The conference is sponsored by The Center for the Study of Men and Masculinities at Stony Brook University . In January , a U.N. conference sponsored by Iceland and Suriname , which I was honored to attend as a panel participant , brought together ambassadors , other policymakers , and athletes and artists , with the goal of changing the discourse among men on gender equality . An overriding message repeated at the conference was that we ca n't keep telling men what to do . We need to show them what many men are already doing every day at home and at work . "  Dad ' gets a makeover in Super Bowl ads That is why the recent focus on caring dads in ads during this year 's Super Bowl was so applauded by men like sociologist Michael Kimmel , who is spearheading this week 's New York conference on men and masculinities . "  This provides a counternarrative to all the action hero , buffoon images that we see , " Kimmel told me when I talked to him days before the Super Bowl . Kimmel said very few men , fewer than 10 % , can relate to the way the media depict masculinity , according to a study conducted by Dove Men + Care . Kimmel was hired by the brand as an adviser to help analyze its research . Men today are spending far more time doing housework and helping with child care and are enjoying more egalitarian relationships than any generation in American history , and their ideas about what it means to be a man have begun to shift as well , said Kimmel , who is the author of more than 20 books including "  Manhood in America : A Cultural History . " Sandberg says we need to recognize and support the new definitions of masculinity and hopes the message from stars like James and Wade goes a long way toward doing that . "  I am increasingly convinced that unless we fully accept men as caregivers , we ca n't fully accept women as leaders , " she said . "  We 've got to stop calling it ` Mommy and me . ' As long as we are calling it ` Mommy and me , ' we are communicating to women that this is their job ... and we have to do both sides of this . " Admittedly impatient about gender equality  I 'm impatient too !  , Sandberg concedes we have a long way to go until the gender equality problem is solved and LeanIn.org can close its doors . "  We have been fighting for equality for too long , " she said , noting that women starting earning about 50 % of college degrees back in 1981 . "  Thirty-four years is plenty of time to get 50 % of the top jobs , and we 're not close . We 're at 5  %  in the Fortune 500 . And so we have to change , we have to change more . We have to get more people involved . " Enter King James . Do you think NBA stars like LeBron Jones and Dwayne Wade can help encourage men to ` lean in ' ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace  @kellywallacetv  on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Sandberg 's "  lean in " movement is partnering with the NBA and WNBA In a PSA , LeBron James encourages men to lean in for women Studies show girls whose fathers do chores consider a wider array of professions
CNN  -- A major bridge between Detroit , and Windsor , Ontario , reopened early Tuesday after a bomb threat shut it down for more than five hours , police said . Authorities closed the Ambassador Bridge after a bomb threat was received around 7:15 p.m. , according to Sgt. Eren Stephens , a Detroit police spokeswoman . It finally opened at 1 a.m. after bomb-sniffing dogs "  did not detect or find a bomb or suspicious device . " The U.S. Coast Guard stopped all maritime traffic below the bridge during the incident . The Ambassador Bridge is the busiest commercial international crossing in North America with more than 10,000 commercial vehicles crossing the bridge on a typical weekday , according to the bridge 's official website . More than 25 % of all commercial goods between Canada and the United States cross the Ambassador Bridge , the website said . The closing followed last Thursday 's closing of the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel , which also was prompted by a bomb threat . CNN 's Rick Martin and Julia Greenberg contributed to this report	Bomb threat closes the Ambassador Bridge between Detroit and Windsor , Ontario A Coast Guard spokesman says it is "  too soon " to determine who sent the threat A similar threat last week closes the Detroit-Windsor Tunnel
CNN  -- "  You can take my Fendi Baguette , you can take my ring and my watch , but do n't take my Manolo Blahniks , " begs Carrie Bradshaw while being mugged at gunpoint . It 's no use . The heartless thief takes her precious strappy sandals anyway . Ok , so while it 's a pretty far-fetched story line -- how many criminals are going to spot a designer heel two meters away ? -- it does point to the "  Sex and the City " character 's unhealthy obsession with the shoe label . Indeed , Manolo Blahniks were as much a part of the hit TV show 's lexicon as Cosmopolitans and Rampant Rabbits . The six-year series introduced the Blahnik brand to millions of women across the world -- even if they could never actually afford them . Of course , Carrie 's shoe infatuation was n't just the stuff of fiction . Actor Sarah Jessica Parker -- who won four Golden Globes for her portrayal of the sassy New York columnist from 1998 to 2004 -- is a Manolo Blahnik diehard for real . So when she called up the coveted shoe company 's chief executive , George Malkemus , on the off-chance he 'd want to create a range together , she was delighted when the business mogul "  took on this little pipsqueak . " "  I was terrified at picking up the phone and being bold enough to say to George : ` Would you ever consider a partnership ? ' " says 49-year-old Parker , while sitting next to Malkemus in an interview with CNN 's Maggie Lake . "  I was perfectly willing for him to say no , prepared for it in fact . " "  But I did not say no , " adds Malkemus , who had never worked with a female designer before . "  I said ` come to my office tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock . ' " Accessible accessories ? The shoes will cost between $ 195 and $ 500 and be sold at U.S. retail giant Nordstrom -- a place partly chosen for its accessibility to a wider range of women . "  I have always felt that there was this group of 10 million women that I was honor-bound to in some way , " said Parker . "  I would n't be having this opportunity if it were n't for the dedication and diligence with which they committed to the TV show and my character who loved shoes . ' " "  Sure , it would be a thrill to make shoes that cost hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars . But the truth is those would not be accessible to those women who have given me this opportunity . " Creature comforts Apart from the ` SJP ' stamp of approval , how much influence did Parker actually have in the design ? "  Sarah Jessica told me she was going to try on everything , " said Malkemus . "  And she does try on everything -- she runs up and down the corridors to make sure that it 'll be comfortable for the woman who 's going to purchase that shoe . " Parker added : "  I would say to George : ` How comfortable is that going to be under the ball of my foot ? ' Because we have spent so many years of our lives , rightly or wrongly , running around in shoes , we know how it feels . " Other personal touches included different colored ribbons on each shoe -- relating to the ribbons Parker would wear in her hair as a little girl . "  This was something for my mother , " she said of the striking strips of material . Fashion house Born in Ohio , Parker was one of eight children -- including four from her mother 's second marriage . "  We could n't afford beautiful things , but my mother was very clever and industrious , " she said . "  We would go to church Tag Sales in the wealthier neighborhoods . " "  I do remember sitting in what we called my mother 's dressing room -- it was just a closet that separated me and my sister 's bedroom that we shared , and my parents ' room -- and we would watch her get dressed , and the last thing she would do was spray fragrance and it seemed like she was walking down this long boulevard to go down to the glamorous nightlife of Ohio . " The family later moved to New York , where Parker attended acting schools , landing the lead in the Broadway musical of "  Annie . " She made a name for herself on the big screen in "  Footloose , " "  Hocus Pocus , " "  The First Wives Club , " among many others . Mum 's the word Parker married fellow actor Matthew Broderick in 1997 and the couple have three children . How does she juggle a successful career and family ? "  I am in a position to choose to be busy , " she said . "  There are millions of women in this country who have to work two or three jobs , who do n't have the support system , who do n't have the financial means to choose the kind of care they want for their children . " "  When I ride on the subway , every day I can see in someone 's eyes that they 're off to their second or third job in the day , and that they have n't seen their kids , and they 're leaving their children someplace that they 'd rather not . And so it seems ridiculous for me to wax on about how busy I am or how hard it is to balance these things in my life . " Learn : What Vivienne Westwood did next Inspire : Why Gloris Steinem is a fashion icon	SJP to launch new shoe range with Manolo Blahnik Cost between $ 195 and $ 500 per pair at Nordstrom ` Sex and the City ' star tries each shoe to ensure comfort Influenced by mom 's chic style growing up in Ohio
CNN  -- They 're calling it the "  Crews missile . " Fired from the keyboard of 67-year-old Nick Crews , the missive blew the lid off his dysfunctional family . In an e-mail titled "  Dear All Three , " published in U.K. newspaper The Telegraph , Crews excoriates his three grown children for their professional and personal failures and for the "  bitter disappointment each of you has in your own way dished out " to him and his wife . Crews , a retired British naval officer , was fed up with his children 's unsuccessful marriages and inability to earn a living that , as he said , measures up to their potential . "  I for one , and I sense Mum feels the same , have had enough of being forced to live through the never-ending bad dream of our children 's underachievement and domestic ineptitudes . " 5 ways to raise a grateful child In the e-mail , made public with his permission by his daughter Emily , Crews describes his concern for his grandchildren . "  It makes us weak that so many of these events are copulation-driven and then helplessly to see these lovely people being so woefully let down by you , their parents . " And then this ultimatum : "  I want to hear no more from any of you until , if you feel inclined , you have a success or an achievement or a REALISTIC plan for the support and happiness of your children to tell me about . " Whoa . This is beyond disappointment . This sounds just plain mean . Yet , the story , and support for Crews , has gone viral . It "  struck a chord , " wrote Telegraph reporter Cristina Odone . Sure , what parent does n't fear raising a bum ? But as the mother of two young adult children , I had to wonder whether a withering e-mail attack was the best way to go about getting the kids to shape up . I asked Dr. Gail Saltz , associate professor of psychiatry at New York Presbyterian Hospital Weill-Cornell School of Medicine , whether the former submarine captain took the right tack . For a parent fed up with his child 's behavior , "  It can be useful to do something shocking to get someone to take it to heart , " said Saltz . But , she added , one must pave the way long before the children became adults , with a warm , communicative relationship . Although two of his children have n't spoken to him since receiving the note , "  Crews has been swamped with encouraging messages , " writes Odone . Many are applauding Crews for "  telling it like it is . " But does he ? In the e-mail , he alludes to his own mistakes : "  Having done our best , probably misguidedly , to provide for our children ... " He describes his envy when hearing his friends brag about their children , and seems deeply wounded by the fact that his children do n't consult him or his wife before making life decisions . The secret life of my sixth grader Perhaps he played a larger role than he would admit , or even knows , in how his children turned out . He did acknowledge to Odone that due to his naval career , he was pretty much an absentee father . The Crews story may sound frighteningly familiar to baby boomer parents . In the wake of the Great Recession , many parents have resigned themselves to the fact that their college-graduate children may not be moving out anytime soon and may not even have a job . A U.S. 2010 policy brief sponsored by Brown University showed that 43 % of those under 25 live with their parents , up from 32 % in 1980 . But is the economy alone to blame for what I fondly call "  Deadbeat Kid Syndrome ? " "  Not everything is parenting and not everything is biology , " said Saltz . "  There 's a combination here . " And sometimes , she added , families just have bad luck . Saltz said although Crews obviously loves his children , "  he ended up missing the mark " with the e-mail . Still , the fact that so many are rallying to his defense can be a positive thing , Saltz said , especially in a world full of "  overly indulgent parents , " who are n't teaching children life skills . Everyone 's tweeting and boasting about their kids ' successes , but missing an important point , failure is important too . "  If you do n't teach your kids any resilience , you fail them out of everything , " Saltz said . "  They need to fall down , say I fell down before but got back up , and I know I can do that . " I 'm guilty of this sort of thing . Growing up , I never once called my mother at work . Yet I allowed my own kids to call me all the time . It just took that much longer to wean them off the "  workday quickie advice call . " Perhaps I should have let them figure out mundane daily jams on their own . Many parents have blinders on . If you do n't want your kids to end up with an entitled attitude , why lambast their teachers for giving them bad grades , which they likely deserve , or for failing them for cheating ? When heroes disappoint our kids Timothy Law Snyder is vice president for academic affairs at Loyola University Maryland and lectures nationally about generational differences . Snyder says some parents blame the school or the professor , rather than the student , for bad grades , even when their child is caught plagiarizing . "  It 's at its worst when the parent is living through their child , " he said . "  The parents ' successes , even life accomplishments , are identified entirely with those of their child . " "  It used to be parents would go to the school and care that  their  kid has a moral compass and understands right and wrong , " Saltz said . Nowadays , the concept of right and wrong is n't as clear . "  They 're more concerned that the kid gets an A than be a kind person , a moral person . " Saltz said parents are under pressure for things to look good and feel good . "  They love their children . ... . But they 've got tunnel vision . " Case in point : when everyone who plays soccer gets a trophy no matter how well , or poorly , they 've played . "  Children come out and experience nothing but success , not necessarily done by them but enabled by their parents , intervening all the time , " Saltz said . Such intervention also creates a shortcut to adulthood , and that 's not a good thing . Nor is having too many choices too soon . Take the beauty salon . How young is too young for a manicure ? In my salon , there 's a 4-year-old girl who 's been getting "  mani-peds " for two years . She loves the pedicure bath , " the manicurist told me . What happens to that little girl when she grows up and ca n't afford manicures ? And think , does your 6-year-old really need a cellphone ? As for the Crews saga , Saltz said she hopes it makes a lot of people think about being more honest with their children . "  Someday they 'll have to frustrate their child , disappoint their child , point out their child 's mistakes . By doing those things earlier rather than later , they 'll help their children to be better people . " Would you write a letter like Crews ' to your children ? Do you think such a message would be effective in changing behavior ? Leave your opinion in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Father Nick Crews wrote a scathing e-mail to his children about their failings When the e-mail became public , many people praised Crews for his bravery and honesty Others said he was too harsh and a parent should never speak to children so viciously CNN 's Ronni Berke said that though the letter was harsh , parents could learn from it
CNN  -- With just a few weeks left in 2013 , the American Film Institute has unveiled its list of the best movies and TV shows of the year . The honorees are largely unsurprising , with Netflix once again getting a clap on the back for its original programming and awards season front-runners like "  Her " and "  Gravity " receiving more recognition . The AFI Awards , now on its 14th edition , highlights 10 films and 10 TV series that have been "  deemed culturally and artistically representative of the year 's most significant achievements in the art of the moving image , " a statement explains . The Institute relies on juries made up of critics , scholars , AFI members and trustees , as well as TV and film artists to help pick the winners . The point is n't so much to name a sole winner but to recognize "  the most outstanding achievements of the year ... not as competitors , but as a community . " The AFI TV Programs of the Year : "  The Americans " "  Breaking Bad " "  Game of Thrones " "  The Good Wife " "  House of Cards " "  Mad Men " "  Masters of Sex " "  Orange is the New Black " "  Scandal " "  Veep " The AFI Movies of the Year : "  12 Years A Slave " "  American Hustle " "  Captain Phillips " "  Fruitvale Station " "  Gravity " "  Her " "  Inside Llewyn Davis " "  Nebraska " "  Saving Mr. Banks " "  The Wolf of Wall Street " On January 10 , the AFI will recognize the cast and crew behind these projects at an invite-only luncheon in Los Angeles . In the past , the AFI Awards have highlighted some of the biggest awards season contenders , such as 2012 Best Picture winner "  Argo " and 2011 Best Picture nominees "  Hugo , " "  The Help " and "  Moneyball , " among others . Bob Gazzale , the institute 's president and CEO , wants the AFI Awards to be a moment "  for the most accomplished storytellers of 2013 to pause and be appreciated , " he said in a statement . "  Acknowledging their collective contributions to America 's rich cultural legacy is both AFI 's national mandate -- and our honor . "	The American Film Institute has named its best films and TV programs of the year There are 10 winners in each category Awards season front-runners "  Her , " "  Gravity " and "  12 Years A Slave " are highlighted Netflix again gets recognition for its original programming
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When people think of coffee , words such as caffeine , aroma and energy may spring to mind . ` Good breath , ' however , certainly is n't one of them . Mel Rosenberg at work in his ` smell laboratory ' found that coffee can lead to good breath . So researchers at Tel Aviv University in Israel , were in for a surprise when their study into the relation between coffee and bad breath , showed that coffee can actually lead to good breath . Breath specialist Mel Rosenberg of the university 's Faculty of Medicine found that there are certain components in coffee that inhibit the bacteria that lead to bad breath -- preventing these bacteria from making their presence felt , or smelt . "  Everybody thinks that coffee causes bad breath , " Rosenberg told CNN "  and as a latte drinker , I believe that too . " But the malodor does n't necessarily come from the coffee itself , said Rosenberg : "  We think that coffee , which has a dehydrating effect on the mouth , can ferment into bad breath when mixed with substances such as milk . " This meant that until recently , coffee was up there with not eating a healthy breakfast , not drinking enough water and consuming alcohol as causes for unpleasant mouth odors . But until Rosenberg 's study , no one had ever scientifically shown the link between the consumption of coffee and bad breath . Rosenberg 's team wanted to prove just that . They did the research by taking saliva and incubating it with different brands of coffee including the Israeli brand Elite coffee , Landwer Turkish coffee , and Taster 's Choice . "  We thought this coffee and saliva mixture would have a terrible odor , but incredibly it had the opposite effect . " Rosenberg -- who also created popular mouthwash Dentyl pH -- is now thinking about creating a mouthwash , toothpaste , or chewing gum based on coffee . The effects could be similar to plant extracts such as clove oil , which have also been shown to have anti-bacterial properties that prevent bad breath . But first Rosenberg would have to find which of the hundreds of components in coffee are the ones that have these beneficial properties . "  That will take a long time " said Rosenberg . "  But this research has already been a lesson in humility , showing that assumptions are not always correct . " Rosenberg -- who also writes children 's books such as ` Mel the Smell Dragon ' -- told CNN . "  And sometimes , getting it wrong can create even more interesting outcomes . "	A new study surprised researchers when it found coffee can lead to good breath The study in Tel Aviv , Israel , was meant to prove coffee leads to bad breath The lead researcher is now thinking about creating a coffee-based mouthwash
CNN  -- A 19-year-old American Muslim detained and questioned in Kuwait is suing the U.S. government , claiming it is refusing to let him fly home because he is on a "  no-fly " list . Stuck in limbo between the country he calls home and the place he was visiting on what his lawyer describes as a journey of self-discovery , Gulet Mohamed of Alexandria , Virginia , has been trapped in Kuwait for nearly a month , according to a lawsuit filed Tuesday in federal court in Virginia . "  No-fly " lists were set up to protect Americans against potential threats . They are designed to prevent terrorist suspects from boarding planes to and from the United States . But Mohamed 's lawyer , Gadeir Abbas , says in the lawsuit that the U.S. government is impeding his client 's basic right to return and live freely in the United States . Abbas is a staff attorney for the Counsel on American-Islamic Relations . At a hearing Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Alexandria , Virginia , Judge Anthony J. Trenga told the government that it should make arrangements to allow Mohamed to return before the end of this week unless it could produce evidence against him . The lawsuit says Mohamed came to the United States from Somalia with his family when he was just 3 years old , grew up in Virginia and is now a naturalized citizen . In March of 2009 , Mohamed 's curiosity led him halfway around the world to visit relatives living overseas and to learn Arabic , according to the lawsuit . He started his journey in Sanaa , Yemen , but then moved to Somalia where he stayed with relatives for several months . By August he was on his way to Kuwait where an uncle took him in so he could continue his Arabic studies , the suit says . Mohamed followed proper travel procedures , according to the lawsuit , renewing his visitor 's visa twice during his stay in Kuwait . But when he went to Kuwait 's international airport last December to get another 90-day extension he waited several hours . The lawsuit says Mohamed wrote an e-mail to his brother in Virginia while he waited , saying the process was taking longer than usual . That was the last time anyone heard from him for a week , the suit says . According to the lawsuit , Mohamed says he was approached at the airport by two men who handcuffed and blindfolded him . They drove him to another location in an SUV . Mohamed claims he was beaten , tortured and interrogated over the next week . The lawsuit describes him being whipped , threatened with electrocution and questioned by captors who had private information about his family in the United States . They also questioned him about his relationship with Anwar al-Awlaki , an American-born Muslim cleric who has close ties to al Qaeda and who is believed to be in Yemen . Mohamed 's lawyer says he denies any link to al-Awlaki . Mohamed was transferred to a deportation facility in Kuwait on December 28 , the lawsuit says . He used a fellow detainee 's hidden cell phone and was able to contact his family and retain a CAIR attorney . According to the lawsuit , Kuwaiti officials have told Mohamed 's family they are holding him on behalf of the U.S. His lawyers say Kuwaiti officials have tried to deport Mohamed but were unable to do so because the United States had placed him on a "  no-fly " list . A U.S. official confirmed to CNN that Mohamed is on a "  no-fly " list , but would not explain why . Mohamed was visited twice by FBI agents while in detention , according to the suit . He claims the FBI agents physically intimidated him , threatened him with criminal charges and told him he would remain in detention indefinitely if he did n't speak to them . Mohamed refused to answer their questions without counsel , the lawsuit says . Mohamed 's lawyers told CNN that at the suggestion of Kuwaiti officials , his family recently bought a plane ticket for him to return to the United States . However , when the officials took him to the airport Sunday , he was not allowed onto the plane . Mohamad 's lawyers contend that the information that his interrogators had -- and the questions he was asked -- indicate it was the U.S. government who had him held and questioned . U.S. State Department spokesman Philip Crowley denied Mohamed was being detained at the behest of the United States . Crowley told CNN Tuesday that the State Department has provided Mohamed with consular access and is committed to him having fair treatment . Crowley said the department has n't had access to Mohamed since December . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Gulet Mohamed , a naturalized U.S. citizen , is on a "  no-fly " list and can not fly home He says he was departing Kuwait after a visit when he was held and questioned His interrogators knew details about his family in the United States , he says Mohamed filed suit , claiming the U.S. is refusing to let him return home
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said Wednesday he will meet with Iraqi political leaders by the end of the month to get their opinions on whether some U.S troops should remain in the country after December , when they are slated to leave . "  This is a big national issue , and it needs a national consensus , " he told reporters at his office here . Asked whether he would support an extension of U.S. forces in Iraq , he would not answer . "  Do you want me to say this word simply like this ? " he said , declining to answer directly . "  Whole countries have failed to do so and you want me to say it before I gather the national consensus . Try another one . " The 46,000 U.S. troops in Iraq represent about a fourth of the peak force of 171,000 in 2003 . Under an agreement with the Iraqi government that was signed by the Bush administration in 2008 , all U.S. forces are to be out of Iraq by the end of the year . Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in April that Iraqi officials have not asked the Obama administration to delay the planned withdrawal . Any discussion about a change in the timetable would be considered , he indicated , but would need to begin soon . Al-Maliki said the White House would need to know by August . The prospect of U.S. forces remaining into next year is controversial . Last month , radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr announced in a statement read by another cleric on his behalf that he would "  escalate armed resistance and lift the freeze on  the  Mehdi Army " if U.S. forces were to remain . His reference to lifting the freeze referred to the August 2007 suspension of activities by the Mehdi Army , which is al-Sadr 's militia . If al-Sadr and his militia oppose an extension , they should submit their reasons for doing so , al-Maliki said . "  We should accept on what we agree on and on what we do n't agree on , " he said . But al-Maliki warned that unanimity was not likely . If 70 % or 80 % of Iraqis were to say yes to an extension of U.S. forces beyond 2011 , then "  the rest should accept this decision , " he said . Their alternative is to withdraw from the political process "  and practice their role as they see it afterward in accordance with the law and the constitution , " he said .	Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to meet with Iraqi political leaders to get their views "  This is a big national issue , and it needs a national consensus , " al-Maliki says Al-Maliki declined to give his personal viewpoint to reporters About 46,000 U.S. troops in Iraq now , down from a peak of 171,000 in 2003
CNN  The Pentagon 's recent statement that Iran may have conducted air strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq 's Diyala Province is tantamount to a U.S. tacit approval of Iran 's growing military footprint in Iraq . No military operation of such scale evades detection from U.S. radars . Even if not pre-approved or coordinated , Iran 's air and ground operations against the murderous thugs of self-proclaimed caliph Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi make the Islamic Republic effectively a U.S. partner in the fight against America 's greatest enemy : Islamist fundamentalism . The U.S. strategy towards the Middle East since the Arab Spring has been defined by proactive disengagement and hesitance . Haunted by the legacy of Iraq and Afghanistan , the American public has no stomach to get bogged down in lengthy ground-intense military operations -- particularly not to fight a fight that at least in Washington is perceived to be primarily a matter of regional concern . And it seems as if apart from a general war fatigue and casualty aversion back home , U.S. President Barack Obama does not want to be remembered as the President who embarked on a third Middle East adventure . As a hostage of public opinion , Obama in his second term increasingly appears to be the lame-duck choosing a path of minimal resistance overseas , making decisions not based on long-term strategic considerations but based on a short-term approach of damage control . In Libya , Syria and Iraq the U.S. has taken a backseat calling on local partners and proxies to take over . Any ex-ante foreclosure of boots on the ground means that the U.S. will not bring its military might to bear to deal with those threatening to tear the Middle East apart . In Syria the U.S. ignored the problem of Bashar al-Assad , in Iraq it turned a blind eye to Nouri al-Maliki 's policies of exclusion while allowing Libya to degenerate into a state of anarchy . Without a sustainable proactive strategy towards the Middle East , the U.S. policy towards the region was more often than not shaped in reaction to quickly escalating events on the ground . As a result , the U.S. today looks at a region where the states of Libya , Syria and Iraq have effectively ceased to exist . The socio-political vacuum has been filled by transnational non-state actors of whom many subscribe to the black banners of jihadism -- something that leaves the American public deeply unsettled . The broadcasted images of U.S. citizens being brutally beheaded in front of a global audience shook America to its core . After years of relative disengagement and idleness , Obama is now forced to do something in Syria and Iraq at last . Thereby , the overriding principle seems to be to keep the military footprint as small as possible . The major burden of intervention has to be borne by force multipliers who operationally as well as strategically substitute U.S. willingness and capability -- all this in a war that is no longer about protecting the revolutionary achievements of the Arab Spring but about primarily containing the threat of Islamist fundamentalism . In this war , Libyan renegade general General Khalifa Haftar , al-Assad and Iran are the lesser of two evils . The unlikely coalition formed the multilateral response of the U.S. administration to the dilemma of reconciling public security concerns with public war fatigue . Everyone seems welcome . Yet , Iran appears the more reliable partner : a regional superpower with the necessary capability , strategic will and input on the ground . Good cooperation with Tehran , even if indirect , allows the U.S. to put pressure on its Arab partners in the Gulf to step up their game against Islamist fundamentalism in the region . At the same time the U.S. wants the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf to constructively commit to providing the options on the ground , the U.S. is no longer able or willing to provide . Not to forget , the rapprochement with Iran also allows Obama to put a final end to Netanyahu 's saber rattling vis-à-vis Tehran . The U.S. , although committed to Israel 's security , will not be available for a military solution to the Iranian nuclear question . The American-Iranian rapprochement on the region 's most sensitive battlefield of all things , further undermines America 's position in the Middle East . Apart from losing the hearts and minds of the region , America 's credibility as a superpower is in doubt as long as capability is constrained by the political unwillingness to use it . Without the American willpower to take a more long-term strategic approach to tackling the socio-political root causes of regional upheaval , regional players , including al-Assad , will step in to develop their own strategy independently . The result will be a gradual intensification of regional confrontation along sectarian and ideological fault lines -- a confrontation to which the U.S. will be a mere onlooker .	The U.S. strategy towards the Mideast has been disengaging , writes Andreas Krieg President Barack Obama increasingly appears to be the lame-duck , he writes Krieg : Good cooperation with Tehran allows the U.S. to put pressure on its Arab partners America 's credibility as a superpower is in doubt , he says
CNN  ISIS has released a new propaganda video showing what appears to be Kurdish Peshmerga fighters paraded down Iraqi streets in cages . The video features a man saying the Peshmerga soldiers were captured by ISIS . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . But it shows at least 21 men in orange outfits hauled in the cages atop the beds of pickup trucks . A man with a microphone bearing the ISIS logo interviews some of the captives , who say they are Peshmerga soldiers . Most of those interviewed say they are from Kirkuk . The prisoners , under duress , call on their fellow Peshmerga soldiers to give up their fight against ISIS . The video also features superimposed bios for each prisoner . One captive is described as an officer for the Iraqi army . The heavily edited footage also includes flashing clips of the recent beheadings of Christian Egyptians in Libya . It 's not clear what happened to those in the video . The last scene shows them alive . But a man in the video gives an ominous warning . "  We say to the Peshmerga : Leave your jobs , or your fate will be like these , either the cage , or under the ground , " he says in Kurdish . The Peshmerga are armed forces protecting Kurdistan , a semiautonomous region in northern Iraq . The fighters opposed Saddam Hussein 's regime and supported the United States in Operation Iraqi Freedom . In recent months , the Peshmerga have been battling ISIS as the terror group tries to establish a radical Islamic state across parts of Iraq and Syria . Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly described the video released by ISIS . While the video shows that the caged prisoners are threatened with execution , they are shown alive at the end of the video . CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	It 's not clear what happened to the Peshmerga fighters in the video The last scene in the video shows them alive
CNN  -- Could the tragedy of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been the result of human intervention , as many have speculated ? For argument 's sake , let 's begin with an act of terrorism originating from the cabin of the airplane . Making the assumption that an individual , or group of individuals , gained access to the cockpit through a keypad-coded , Kevlar door , how was it done ? Perhaps entry was gained shortly after the now-famous , "  All right , good night , " message from the co-pilot 40 minutes into the flight . Theoretically , one of the pilots stepped out for a lavatory break ... or stepped back in from a lavatory break . Terrorists rushed into the cockpit at the very moment the door was opened , an action that had to be well-orchestrated . Such an action would require at least two people positioned in the first class cabin to observe the open door . One terrorist would have to disable the pilot and another terrorist would have to rush into the cockpit . With the terrorists in control of the cockpit , they would direct the remaining pilot to steer the airplane on a new course . Or the terrorists themselves had enough piloting skills to fly the airplane . In addition , inside knowledge beyond that of even experienced 777 pilots would have been necessary to locate the ACARS unit from within the depths of the electronics and engineering  E&E  compartment in order to disable it such that the system no longer was capable of sending automatic data ; notwithstanding the logistics of pulling up a portion of the first class galley carpet to gain access to the E&E hatch while using some type of threat to prevent passengers from impeding their progress . Why pick that moment ? Where are they going exactly ? Surely , aiming for the middle of the Indian Ocean does n't accomplish their task to make some type of statement . And if one considers a botched hijacking attempt , how would a group of terrorists fail that badly ? For that matter , how could one or a number of crazed terrorists disable a whole 777 to the point it runs out of fuel ? A 9/11 scenario with the passengers attempting to disable the terrorists likely would n't continue for seven hours . And oh , by the way , information disseminated publicly seems to indicate that none of the passengers had suspicious backgrounds . Next , consider the theories that cast one or both of the pilots as the villain . If both pilots participated , a carefully crafted plot between the two would have been constructed . No evidence of such a plot has been forthcoming . Besides , this would have required some type of connection between the captain and the co-pilot beyond their airline employment . No extracurricular connection between the two pilots has been publicly established . Eliminating the two-pilot conspiracy , then only one would have commandeered the airplane . But how would that pilot have disabled the other ? A struggle ? Would the commandeering pilot have prevented the other pilot from reentering the cockpit after a lavatory break ? Then what ? Both the captain and co-pilot were equally qualified to fly the 777 . If the erratic climbs and descents reported concerning the plane are credible , why the gyrations ? Although transport category airplanes are sensitive to hand flying at high altitudes , only an amateur would demonstrate that lack of skill . And to what end would one of the pilots want to seize a 777 ? Once again , would the purpose really be to run the airplane out of fuel in the middle of the Indian Ocean ? How about suicide ? Death by airplane seems farfetched in this case . Why wait till the middle of the ocean to make a statement ? Why not attempt suicide immediately after takeoff ... or just prior to landing in Bejing ? Was human intervention involved ? Absolutely . But my gut theory as a 30-year airline veteran is that human intervention was involved to save an airplane and its passengers in crisis , not to commit foul play .	Pilot Les Abend doubts theories that hijackers or pilots brought down Flight 370 He says if human intervention occurred , it was likely to try to save the plane , not to doom it Abend : There 's no clue of a plot involving both pilots , and it would likely take both He says hijackers would have had touble getting into cockpit and disabling equipment
CNN  Two days after Odin Lloyd was found dead , New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez looked into the eyes of team owner Robert Kraft and said he was innocent , Kraft testified Tuesday in Hernandez 's murder trial . Kraft , answering questions from a prosecutor and one of Hernandez 's attorneys on the witness stand in a Massachusetts courtroom , recalled a private conversation that he had with the star Patriots tight end on June 19 , at the Patriots ' Gillette Stadium , as news spread that Hernandez was being investigated in Lloyd 's death . "  He said he was not involved , " Kraft testified in the courtroom in Fall River . "  He said he was innocent . " Hernandez has been charged with murder and has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Lloyd , a semipro football player who was found dead in Massachusetts on June 17 , 2013 . Hernandez also has pleaded not guilty to a gun and ammunition charge . His co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Kraft testified that he asked to speak with Hernandez in an office near a weight room in the stadium , and asked the player to look him in the eye and tell him if he was involved in Lloyd 's death . According to Kraft , Hernandez told him during that meeting that he hoped the time of Lloyd 's death "  came out , " because Hernandez had been at a club that night . According to testimony from Hernandez 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , the player had not been at a club , but was at dinner with her and some friends before the shooting . Mel Robbins , a CNN legal analyst , called Kraft 's testimony "  explosive . " "  What a great , great witness for the prosecution , " she said . "  Basically what happened is Aaron Hernandez lied to his boss . And the only way you rebut it is if you put him on the stand . " How did Hernandez know when the murder happened , Robbins asked , unless he was there ? The Patriots ' owner also testified , when asked by a defense attorney , that he 'd never had any problems with Hernandez , and that the player was always respectful to him . The billionaire magnate of The Kraft Group , a company with interests ranging from paper and packaging concerns to sports and entertainment , said Hernandez always greeted him with a hug and kiss . Asked by the defense why Hernandez was signed to a $ 40 million long-term contract , Kraft said simply : "  He 's a very good player . " At times during his 30 minutes or so on the witness stand , Kraft seemed uncomfortable . "  Do you work ? " Bristol County District Attorney William McCauley asked Kraft . "  I think so , yes . " Asked where he worked , Kraft responded , 1 Patriot Place , or Gillette Stadium , where the Super Bowl champions play their home games . "  What do you do for work ? " "  Whatever they ask me to do . " Outside court , surrounded by cameras , Kraft expressed sadness over Lloyd 's death . "  A man died , " he said . "  This is about a man being killed . It 's unfortunate . " Later , Mark Briggs , head of security at Gillette Stadium , testified that he also asked Hernandez whether the former star was telling the truth about Lloyd . "  He swore on the baby 's life that he was telling the truth , " Briggs said . Hernandez was arrested in connection with Lloyd 's death a week after that meeting with Kraft . The Patriots released Hernandez less than two hours after the arrest on June 26 , 2013 . Jenkins , 25 , and Hernandez are the parents of a young daughter . Jenkins ' sister Shaneah was dating Lloyd , 27 , who was shot six times , according to prosecutors . The trial began in late January .	Aaron Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Odin Lloyd Patriots ' owner testifies that Hernandez was always respectful with him
CNN  -- Saxophonist Clarence Clemons , a defining musical influence behind the sound of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band , died Saturday of complications from a stroke . He was 69 . Clemons died at a hospital in Palm Beach , Florida , where he was undergoing treatment after suffering a stroke last Sunday , said a spokesperson for Springsteen and the E Street Band . His fifth wife , Victoria , and other family members were at his side when he died , according to the spokesperson . "  His loss is immeasurable and we are honored and thankful to have known him and had the opportunity to stand beside him for nearly 40 years , " Springsteen said in a statement posted on the band 's website . "  He was my great friend , my partner , and with Clarence at my side , my band and I were able to tell a story far deeper than those simply contained in our music . His life , his memory , and his love will live on in that story and in our band . " The saxophonist 's influence can be heard throughout Springsteen 's musical evolution , including such early hits as "  Born to Run " and "  Thunder Road . " His influence could also be seen in Springsteen 's live shows , where the two men routinely bantered about their beginnings , their life on the road and their music . The story of their first meeting is musical lore . Depending on who was telling the story and when it was being told , the two men first met at the Stone Pony music venue in Asbury Park , New Jersey , where Springsteen was performing . As the story goes , Springsteen was performing when howling winds blew the door off . Springsteen was startled by the 6-foot , 4-inch towering figure of Clemons , who invited himself onstage to play . "  From the first time we saw each other , we stayed together for two weeks , " Clemons told CNN in 2009 while promoting his pseudo-memoir "  Big Man : Real Life & Tall Tales . " "  We were inseparable , " he said . Clemons was born in 1942 in Virginia and began playing the saxophone by age 9 . He moved to New Jersey , where he worked as a youth counselor , before joining Springsteen 's E Street Band . Clemons , whose fusing of blues , jazz and funk with rock on the saxophone put him in demand , recorded with a number of artists over the years , including Aretha Franklin and the Grateful Dead . In 1985 , Clemons and Jackson Browne scored a duet Billboard hit with "  You 're a Friend of Mine . " Clemons , who was dubbed "  Big Man " by friends because of his height , made his last musical appearance in May when he took the stage with Lady Gaga on Fox 's "  American Idol " to perform "  The Edge of Glory . " Clemons also worked as an actor , appearing in TV shows such as "  The Wire " and "  The Simpsons . " He also appeared in films , including "  New York , New York . " As word of his death spread Saturday night , fans , musical contemporaries and even politicians took to Twitter and Facebook to remember Clemons . "  A very sad night for Springsteen fans & all of NJ -- thx Clarence Clemons for 40 years of magical & soulful music . He will be missed forever , " tweeted New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . The Stone Pony , which marked the musician 's passing on its web site with a standalone photo of Clemons , announced it would open early Sunday to serve as a gathering spot for fans to remember the saxophonist . Springsteen 's Facebook page was inundated with an outpouring of emotion from fans . "  RIP CC , you were the heart and soul of the E Street Band . Thank you for all the music , you got me through some dark days . Blessings on your journey , " one post read . "  I just ca n't imagine that space on stage not being occupied by the big man . We are all better people having been moved by your huge music . Now go play with Louis , Miles and the rest and have a blast , " read another . CNN 's Denise Quan and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Bruce Springsteen : "  His loss is immeasurable " Clemons died at age 69 at a Florida hospital , a week after suffering a stroke The saxophonist 's influence can be heard on Springsteen 's "  Born to Run " Clemons last public performance was in May when he took the stage with Lady Gaga
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki has moved within one win of reclaiming her world number one ranking with victory over Japanese qualifier Ayumi Morita in the third round of the Dubai tennis championships . The Danish top seed eased past her 57-ranked opponent 6-1 6-0 on Thursday and could regain the world number one spot she lost to Australian Open champion Kim Clijsters if she makes the semifinal of the hard-court tournament . Clijsters -- who chose not to play in the Middle East this week -- leapfrogged 20-year-old Wozniacki into the number one spot when she reached the semifinals of the Paris Open last week , but failed to cement her position when she lost in the final to Petra Kvitova . Shahar Peer of Israel is now the only obstacle left for Wozniacki to conquer in her bid to regain top spot , after the ninth seed came back from a set down to beat Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer 3-6 6-4 6-1 . Wozniacki lost to Peer in last year 's tournament . CNN blog : Can Murray become a grand slam champ ? "  I knew how Ayumi was going to play today . She has had a good week so I was really pleased about winning today , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . "  Against Shahar I just need to stay positive and try to play like I did today . If I play well , the ranking will come automatically - for me , I 'm just focused on going out there tomorrow and playing my best . That 's all I can do . " Meanwhile , number two seed and world number three Vera Zvonareva made a shock exit as she lost to fifteenth seed Alisa Kleybanova . World number 22 Kleybanova won the all-Russian affair 6-3 6-2 , to set up a last four clash with Italian number 11 seed Flavia Pennetta , who overcame Belarussian seventh seed Victoria Azarenka 6-3 6-7  2  6-4 . Third seed Francesca Schiavone was also an early casualty . The Italian faced Russia 's Svetlana Kuznetsova in a repeat of their recent record-breaking encounter in Melbourne , but in a reversal of fortunes it was Kuznetsova who triumphed 1-6 6-0 7-5 . The double grand slam champion and former world number three will next face Polish number nine seed Agnieszka Radwanska , who easily beat former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli of France 6-3 6-2 . French Open runner-up Sam Stosur also made the last four after a 6-3 6-4 win over Switzerland 's Patti Schnyder . The Australian fourth seed will face sixth seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia , after she beat Kaia Kanepi of Estonia 2-6 6-3 7-5 . Elsewhere , at the men 's ATP Tour event in Marseille , France , second seed and world number six Tomas Berdych made it through to the quarterfinals with a victory over French world number 122 Edouard Roger-Vasselin . The 2010 Wimbledon finalist will play Croatia 's Marin Cilic for a place in the semifinals , after former world number nine defeated Germany 's Philipp Petzschner 7-6  3  6-3 . Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov continued his comeback from injury as he defeated the fifth seed , Croatian Ivan Ljubicic , 7-6  4  6-3 .	Caroline Wozniacki moves closer to regaining world number one ranking with Dubai win Dane can take over from Kim Clijsters if she beats Shahar Peer in the quarters Second seed Vera Zvonareva and third seed Francesca Schiavone lose in third round Tomas Berdych reaches quarterfinals at the Marseille Open in France
CNN  -- Andrew Breitbart , the conservative blogger whose posting of a sexually explicit photo of former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner led to the congressman 's downfall , has died , his attorney confirmed Thursday . He was 43 . Joel Pollak , editor-in-chief and in-house counsel for Breitbart 's website , Breitbart.com , posted a statement confirming his death . "  Andrew passed away unexpectedly from natural causes shortly after midnight this morning in Los Angeles , " the statement read . "  We have lost a husband , a father , a son , a brother , a dear friend , a patriot and a happy warrior . " Ed Winter , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner , said Breitbart was pronounced dead 19 minutes after midnight at UCLA Medical Center . An autopsy is planned for Friday , Winter said , but the Los Angeles Police Department said it is not investigating the circumstances of his death . Compassion and politics : Strange bedfellows Breitbart was the first to post Weiner 's infamous Twitter photos last year , in which the married congressman appeared barechested and in his underpants in pictures sent to a woman online . Weiner eventually stepped down amid the scandal . Breitbart 's regular appearances on FOX News , his websites and his speeches to conservative groups made him a star on the right and a villain to the left . Republican presidential candidates quickly responded to news of Breitbart 's death . Former Sen. Rick Santorum called him a "  powerful force " who was "  constantly out there driving and pushing . " "  What a huge loss , in my opinion , to our country and certainly to the conservative movement , " Santorum said . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich tweeted : "  Andrew Breitbart was the most innovative pioneer in conservative activist social media in America . He had great courage and creativity . " And former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney called Breitbart a "  brilliant entrepreneur , fearless conservative , loving husband and father . " Breitbart was a driving force in the conservative tea party movement . In a posting on the Tea Party Nation website , blogger Judson Phillips wrote that Breitbart was an "  amazing patriot " who "  relished fighting those who would destroy this great country . " Texas Gov. Rick Perry , a former GOP presidential contender , said Breitbart "  fought for what he believed in , exposing government corruption and media bias . His spirited voice will be missed , but not forgotten . " Breitbart came under heavy criticism in 2010 for posting an edited and incomplete video of a speech by Agriculture Department employee Shirley Sherrod , who is black , appearing to say she discriminated against a white farmer looking for assistance . Sherrod was forced to resign over the video , which appeared on another of Breitbart 's websites , BigJournalism.com . A full version of the speech showed that Sherrod had assisted the farmer . The department later offered her job back when it was clear she had been misrepresented . Sherrod issued a brief statement Thursday saying only she was surprised by the news and that her prayers go out to Breitbart 's family . Opinion : How Andrew Breitbart changed news "  The news of Mr. Breitbart 's death came as a surprise to me when I was informed of it this morning . My prayers go out to Mr. Breitbart 's family as they cope during this very difficult time . " Breitbart also posted video of a sting operation against the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN , which showed conservative activists posing as a pimp and a prostitute seeking advice on how to set up a brothel . The video prompted a groundswell of action against the organization , including a limited investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice and a slashing of funds from the federal government and several states . ACORN went bankrupt and closed its doors . Breitbart got his start helping to run the original right-wing online media behemoth the Drudge Report and helped launch The Huffington Post before founding his own websites . Drudge Report founder Matt Drudge on Thursday said Breitbart was a "  constant source of energy , passion and commitment " in the site 's early days and that the two "  shared a love of headlines , a love of the news , an excitement about what 's happening . " The statement on Breitbart.com Thursday included a portion of the new conclusion he wrote to his book , "  Righteous Indignation " : "  I love my job . I love fighting for what I believe in . I love having fun while doing it . I love reporting stories that the Complex refuses to report . I love fighting back , I love finding allies , and -- famously -- I enjoy making enemies . "  Three years ago , I was mostly a behind-the-scenes guy who linked to stuff on a very popular website . I always wondered what it would be like to enter the public realm to fight for what I believe in . I 've lost friends , perhaps dozens . But I 've gained hundreds , thousands -- who knows ? -- of allies . At the end of the day , I can look at myself in the mirror , and I sleep very well at night . " CNN 's Stan Wilson , Mark Preston , Richard Allen Greene , and Rachel Clarke contributed to this report .	Breitbart was known for posting the Anthony Weiner Twitter photos last year He was also criticized for an edited clip of federal worker Shirley Sherrod He was a star on the right and a villain to the left Breitbart got his start at the Drudge Report
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- The body of Poland 's first lady , Maria Kaczynska , killed with her husband in an airplane crash in Russia , returned to Warsaw on Tuesday . Crowds turned out to watch her body being driven to the presidential palace , where the couple will lie in state . The funeral for the couple will be Saturday in Warsaw , followed by their burial on Sunday in Krakow 's Wawel Castle . President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral , the White House announced Tuesday in a statement . "  The president will travel to Krakow to express the depth of our condolences to an important and trusted ally , and our support for the Polish people , on behalf of the American people , " the statement said . The archbishop of Krakow said burying the late president in the historic crypt was the country 's way of honoring him . "  I think in this way the Polish nation wants to include him among the greatest and most revered men in Polish history , " Stanislaw Dziwisk said on Polish state television . Men in uniform unloaded the flag-draped casket of Kaczynska from a military plane as a band played Poland 's national anthem . Family , friends and Polish officials paid their respects during a brief ceremony . Kaczynska and her husband were among 96 people killed in the crash . Under leaden skies broken by sporadic sunshine , mourners took turns bowing their heads in silence before the casket . They included Kaczynska 's daughter , Marta , and Jaroslaw Kaczynski , the twin brother of her husband , Lech Kaczynski . Two minutes of silence in Warsaw Echoing a similar scene that greeted the repatriation of her husband 's body on Sunday , crowds lined the streets and threw flowers onto the hearse bearing the former first lady 's casket as it made its way through Warsaw . Among the mourners , student Kamil Denielewski told CNN the outpouring of public emotion was unprecendented . "  I ca n't remember anything like that and in fact I have not felt anything like that since now , " he said . "  It made us united , it made us patriots . " iReport : Mourners ' candles a ` spot of light ' The couple had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia for a commemorative service marking the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn when the plane went down . iReport : Share your photos , video and stories with CNN Among other Polish officials killed in the crash were Aleksander Szczyglo , the head of the National Security Office ; Jerzy Szmajdzinski , the deputy parliament speaker ; Andrzej Kremer , the deputy foreign minister ; and Gen. Franciszek Gagor , the army chief of staff , according to Kaczynski 's Law and Justice Party . The cause of the crash is being investigated . There have been questions raised over why so many of Poland 's military , economic and civic leaders were aboard the same flight . Aviation officials in Russia , which has emphasized that there is no evidence it was responsible , have said the plane ignored Smolensk air traffic control commands to divert to another airport because of bad weather . Deputy Prime Minister Sergey Ivanov said Monday that flight recorders were in shape to "  conduct a detailed transcript and analysis of all flight information and the work of the plane 's equipment systems up till the moment of the crash . " There is also evidence that the crew knew about the poor weather conditions and was advised to land at an alternate airfield , he said . Poland 's ambassador to Moscow , Jerzy Bahr , warned against jumping to conclusions ahead of official inquiries . "  Many people think that this is something which the pilot did wrong , but it must be investigated , " he told CNN . As Poland began a week of mourning , tributes continued to be paid to 60-year-old Lech Kaczynski . A sea of candles continued to grow outside the Presidential Palace in Warsaw Monday as people lined up to sign books of condolence . Biography : Lech Kaczynski Parliament Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski , who is now acting president , has declared "  a time for national mourning . " CNN 's Geoff Hill contributed to this report .	Thousands pay tribute as body of Poland 's first lady arrives home Polish president and wife died with 95 others in plane crash in Russia on Saturday Couple 's funeral will be held Saturday in Warsaw , followed by their burial on Sunday Investigators examining cause of Saturday 's crash near Smolensk airport
Washington  CNN  Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said on Sunday he will release 250,000 emails from his two terms in office and write an eBook outlining his governing philosophy . The moves have set the political sphere atwitter with speculation he 's closer than ever to deciding to run for president in 2016 . In what appears to be a move of classic political procedure -- getting ahead of the opposition -- Bush told WPLG-TV that his intention is to promote transparency . "  Part of serving or running both of them is about transparency , " he said . "  I 'll let people make up their minds . " Further evidence a presidential run might be looming is a report in the Miami Herald that Bush recently lost 15 pounds , per an unnamed source . Bush also admitted it 's been "  kind of fun " to go back and look back at previous campaigns to remind himself that it 's possible to "  move the needle " if you run with big ideas . "  That 's what you need right now in America , " said the brother of former President George W. Bush and son of former President George H.W. Bush . By controlling the release of the emails and writing a book to accompany them , Bush has the opportunity to frame potential controversial subjects , like his support of the Common Core education policy and immigration reform . Well aware he holds some positions out of step with the conservative wing of his party , Bush admits , "  I am who I 've been . " An eBook , too , is noteworthy for Bush , who has n't run for office since 2002 -- before the invention of the iPhone . The release of a digital product might serve as a flag that the former governor is prepared to build a modernized , digital campaign . "  I was digital before digital was cool I guess , " Bushed joked about emailing . "  Now it 's commonplace . " The book comes as Bush 's finances -- including overseas investment and his work for venture capital firms -- have come under scrutiny . The released emails could cast light on an already controversial narrative beginning to form or , more likely , serve as a timely distraction . Bush says he is going to make up his mind about running in "  short order , " and he plans to release the emails "  sometime early next year . "	Jeb Bush said Sunday he will release 250,000 emails from his time as Florida governor He will also publish an eBook along with the emails outlining his governing philosophy The announcements have fueled speculation he will run for president in 2016
CNN  -- Recep Tayyip Erdogan swept into power a decade ago determined to prove to the world that his moderate Islamist party could transform Turkey 's economy . His track record stands on its own . Double digit inflation has been reigned in . Turkey remains a magnet for foreign direct investment -- over $ 100 billion since 2003 -- and it is an export machine . Exports hit $ 152 billion last year , a ten-fold increase in the last ten years . READ MORE : Is Turkey the next Arab Spring ? Turkey was very proud of a series of credit rating upgrades this year , the latest by Moody 's on May 16 to investment grade . " -LSB- In -RSB- the past decade the success has been partially about a single party government , " said Tim Ash , head of emerging markets for Standard Bank . "  But Erdogan has been a key part of that success . He has vision , drive and his supporters united around him and push for the agenda he is building . " The AK Party machine has lined up behind their man , but Ash and others say that these protests illustrate that clearly something is missing . One protestor after another articulated that their prime minister is not acting in their best interests . What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? Erdogan has never shied away from power . He challenged and took power away from Turkey 's military leadership , the guardians of the secular state . He comfortably won three elections , the latest two years ago . But the former semi-professional footballer and mayor of Istanbul , analysts say , does not seem content with his first decade in power . 2023 marks the 100th anniversary of the Republic of Turkey under the founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . WATCH MORE : The week that changed Turkey Erdogan said he wants Turkey to join the ranks of the top ten economies by that anniversary . It is number 17 according to the International Monetary Fund after seeing a three-fold increase since 2003 to three quarters of a trillion dollars in total GDP . Per capita income has soared during his time as prime minister and the government says a million jobs are being created each year . So why have protestors taken to the streets in the thousands ? It seems to be the prime minister 's grand plans that are being pursued ahead of the 2023 anniversary . Major infrastructure projects include a multi-billion dollar new airport for Istanbul , new bridges to cross the Bosphorus and even a 40 kilometre canal to unclog tanker traffic on the famous strait , which straddles Europe and Asia . READ MORE : Syria warns against travel to Turkey At the same time , the prime minister has been trying to build support to make changes to the constitution and shift power to the president -- with personal designs on taking that position . The current president Abdullah Gul said during the height of the protests Monday that : "  I want it to be known that the messages sent in good faith have been received . " That was seen as a conciliatory response to what has been days of protests . To date , the prime minister has not adopted the same tone .	Recep Tayyip Erdogan swept to power determined to prove he could transform Turkey 's economy His track record is good : Inflation reigned in and foreign investment flowing in But the mayor of Istanbul does not seem content with his first decade in power And protestors are taking to the street in their thousands
CNN  -- Those who knew Canadian folk musician Taylor Mitchell say her passion for her craft was matched by her affinity for nature . Fresh out of high school , she embarked upon a three-week tour of Eastern Canada earlier this month full of hope over her blossoming career and excited to explore the region with a new car and driver 's license . The 19-year-old rising star was in between gigs when , according to a Nova Scotia Cape Breton Highlands National Park official , she was killed by coyotes during a hike on Tuesday afternoon . "  If there can be any comfort at all , it is knowing that Taylor was doing two of the things she loved most , sharing story and song on the road and spending time in nature 's fold , " her manager , Lisa Weitz said in an e-mail . "  She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity . " Mitchell was a "  seasoned naturalist " well versed in wilderness camping who would n't want the coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , her mother said Thursday . "  When the decision had been made to kill the pack of coyotes , I clearly heard Taylor 's voice say , ` please do n't , this is their space . ' She would n't have wanted their demise , especially as a result of her own . She was passionate about animals , was an environmentalist and was also planning to volunteer at the Toronto Wildlife Centre in the coming months , " Emily Mitchell said in a statement Thursday . "  Tragically , it was her time to be taken from us so soon , " the mother said . When she was 15 , Mitchell began vocal lessons with her future producer , Michael Johnston . "  Taylor inspired and impressed everyone from her musical peers to members of the Canadian roots-music community who were two and three times her age , " he said in a statement . "  They saw in her the rarest of the gifts -- an ability to sing not only from the heart , but in a way that transcended her age and experience and became something universal . " The Toronto-based musician 's career began to take off earlier this year after the April release of her debut album , "  For Your Consideration . " She was nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by the Canadian Folk Music Awards , which will be awarded in November . On her Facebook page , she detailed her busy summer performance schedule , describing it as her "  craziest summer yet . " In July , she said she took a Greyhound bus to perform in the Young Performers Program at the Winnipeg Folk Festival , her first show west of Ontario , which featured acts including Arlo Guthrie , Neko Case and Elvis Costello . She played more shows in the Toronto area , relishing the airplay her album was receiving , and worked on songs for her next album , Weitz said . Yet she managed to return to nature with her aunt , mother and best friend at the family cottage in Owen Sound , Ontario , delighting in its simple joys . "  Our cottage is on the shores of Georgian bay . It 's 125 years old with three bedrooms that sleep two and one bedroom that sleeps four , plus a bunkhouse . It 's old and creaky and absolutely beautiful . As I sit on my couch in my apartment , I 'm homesick for the precariously slanted stairs , tennis courts , lake and wonderful memories , " Mitchell said on her Facebook page . Before she set out eastward for her tour of the Maritimes , she shared her works in progress at the Ontario Council of Folk Music conference in Ottawa , impressing all those in attendance , Weitz said . "  Taylor Mitchell 's vocal style and consummate songwriting craft belied her vernal years . Indeed , her songs told the tales of a seeker , a sojourner with a sage wisdom atypical of most , let alone one of such tender years , " Weitz said . On her Facebook page , she had begun counting down the days to her East Coast tour in September , saying in a September 18 status update that she was "  feeling the pull of the road . " In her last post on the site , she described playing a show in someone 's home , calling it "  a welcome dose of normality after a whirlwind weekend " at the Ontario Council of Folk Music . Those closest to her said they 'll derive inspiration from her passion for life . "  Taylor was my shining light , my baby , my confidante and best friend , " her mother said . "  I do n't know how to move forward from here but I know that she would want that for me , and I will try to do that in her memory and celebrate her life in the way she lived it -- with passion , commitment and an unbridled loving heart . "	Taylor Mitchell was a "  seasoned naturalist " versed in wilderness camping , mother says She would n't want coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , Emily Mitchell says Mitchell earned respect of folk music community for talent that belied her age , producer says The Toronto-based musician was touring Eastern Canada when she died in coyote attack
CNN  -- Villagers march more than 300 kilometers from northwest Cambodia to ask the prime minister to save their homes from developers . Some 400 families in the country 's south learn their farmland had been given to developers only when bulldozers arrive . Villagers in northwest Cambodia set court documents on fire in protest over a land dispute . Such examples of forced evictions and land conflicts are cited by the Cambodian Human Rights Action Committee  CHRAC  in a report , "  Losing Ground , " released Thursday . The report was a collection of voices from people rarely heard and "  present a painful look into the lives of people affected by forced evictions and intimidation , mainly the rural poor , " said CHRAC , a network of 21 non-governmental organizations . "  The voices in the report belong to Cambodians who have been or are facing eviction . Most have insisted that their names and photographs be used , believing that openness will bring justice and appropriate solutions , " the group said , adding that such trust is "  the springboard for the next stage of Cambodia 's recovery from decades of civil strife . " An estimated 150,000 Cambodians live at risk of forced eviction , Amnesty International said in its 2008 report on the country . Read about AIDS patients who were resettled to an isolated area Beng Hong Socheat Khemro , deputy director general of Cambodia 's Ministry of Land Management , Urban Planning and Construction , said the government was committed to finding the best solutions for not just squatters , but the entire population , and that it is drafting legal guidelines on squatter resolution . He also said the government rejected the term forced evictions , saying that meant people were forced off land they legally owned . He noted that various factors affect land use and ownership in the country : The 1970s ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge regime abolished all legal and regulatory documents regarding land , strong economic growth has contributed to demand for land , particularly in urban areas , and the pace of urbanization has stepped up in recent years . "  Many people illegally occupy land that does not belong to them , " he said , later noting : "  What has happened now with the resettlement , or the relocation , of people is the fact that the government is implementing the law . " "  I am very sure that those who claim to be on the land before the legal land owner , most of them do not have any proof at all , " he said . "  Most of the cases that people -- illegal squatters , settlers -- have claimed that they have been on that land since , let 's say 1979 , are not true . If you study the legal development of Cambodia , you will understand , and not many people understand , including the NGOs  non-governmental organizations  themselves . " Amnesty said poor Cambodians share the plight of many impoverished people around the world . The group cited the forced evictions of thousands in Angola , violence and insecurity in Brazil 's shantytowns , and social services denied to Roma in Italy . "  There are more than 200,000 such communities , home to 1 billion people around the world , " the group said . "  In Cambodia for the last two years , Amnesty International has been focusing on forced evictions as one of the country 's most serious human rights violations today , " Amnesty said in a statement on CHRAC 's report . "  The increasing number of land disputes , land confiscations , and industrial and urban redevelopment projects hurt almost exclusively people living in poverty . " People fighting evictions "  experience harassment at the hands of the authorities or people hired by private businesses . The rich and powerful are increasingly abusing the criminal justice system to silence communities taking a stand against land concessions or other opaque business deals affecting the land they live on or cultivate , " Amnesty said . CHRAC said development of Cambodia , recovering from the Khmer Rouge genocide and ensuing decades of conflict , "  must not negatively affect " people 's lives . "  Our communities are losing land and natural resources . These are the resources that people have depended on for generations , " CHRAC said . The report details evictions across the country . One group of villagers walked from the rice bowl of Battambang in the northwest to Phnom Penh to deliver a letter to Prime Minister Hun Sen , seeking help in two long-running court fights with businessmen who claim to own a total of 200 hectares of their land . "  We did n't have enough money to get the bus to Phnom Penh . We had to walk . It was our last hope . We had to see Hun Sen or we would lose our land , " said Chim Sarom , 45 . They delivered their letter , but Sarom said they were unsure whether he ever got it . She said authorities gave them money to go home and were told an official would visit them . "  No government official ever came to our village . If we have to , maybe we will walk again , " she said .	Cambodian human rights network releases report on forced evictions Amnesty : Evictions one of Cambodia 's most serious human rights violations Groups : Mainly the rural poor affected ; people intimidated , harassed Official : Government committed to finding best solutions ; no forced evictions
CNN  -- Traveling in Europe this week , I had a chance to see the world through the eyes of the London Times , the Daily Telegraph and the Daily Mail . The view from Britain was startlingly different than the view from Martha 's Vineyard , where President Obama is vacationing . There is a consensus in Britain that at least 500 young Brits have gone to the Middle East as jihadists . There is a clear belief , stated by Prime Minister David Cameron , that the ISIS fighter who executed journalist James Foley on videotape is British . This harkens back 12 years to the beheading of another American journalist , Daniel Pearl , and the fact that a British-Pakistani has been sentenced to death as one of the perpetrators . The three British newspapers devoted page after page to exploring the scale of British terrorist recruitment , the danger that the terrorists will come home , and clear warnings from the security forces that they will be overwhelmed if they come home in an organized manner . Something profound is happening when a vicious , radical movement can recruit that many young men from a society that was housing , feeding and educating them . This represents a repudiation of the idea of assimilation on a scale and intensity that will lead to profound public policy changes . Cameron cut short his vacation and returned to London for emergency meetings . He indicated quite clearly that he was prepared to expand anti-terrorist policies and make them even more aggressive . It is already illegal in Britain even to look at video such as the beheading of James Foley . This would clearly be unconstitutional in the United States , but it indicates the seriousness with which the British take the threat of radical Islamists . The British have already begun suspending passports of young men who wanted to go to Syria or Iraq . They have also made it illegal to belong to ISIS . President Obama has taken a lot of grief for reading his statement about the killing of James Foley and then going to play golf . At least one newspaper put a picture on its front page of the President laughing in his golf cart next to a picture of Foley 's grieving parents . Having now read the President 's statement and compared it to the reality of 500-plus young Britons joining ISIS , I think he may have been lucky that people were too irritated by his schedule to pay attention to his statement . I urge you to read President Obama 's full text . It is n't very long . The most delusional line is his assertion that "  people like this ultimately fail . They fail because the future is won by those who build and not destroy . " Of course it is freedom and the rule of law that have been rare throughout history , and tyranny and lawlessness that have been common . ISIS and the ideology it represents wo n't just wear themselves out . One has to wonder whether the President understands how serious a threat ISIS presents . ISIS is a fact . It is a religiously motivated movement that uses terror as one of its weapons . Beheading people is nothing new in history . ISIS is much more than a terrorist organization . It is making money out of trading in oil and grain . It is making money from robbing banks and selling stolen artifacts . It is running a significant part of Syria and Iraq . More important than ISIS itself is the larger movement it represents . It is recruiting people from many countries . As I have written before , from Boko Haram in Nigeria to Hamas in Palestine to ISIS in Syria and Iraq , we are seeing the same kind of transnational religious radicalism metastasize into a deep commitment to destroy our way of life . As Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey said , this is "  an apocalyptic , end-of-days strategic vision that will eventually have to be defeated " -- and a vision that could "  fundamentally alter the face of the Middle East and create a security environment that would certainly threaten us in many ways . " The British reports on the number of terrorists they are producing and the potential threat they represent should sober all of us . Unfortunately , the Obama administration has no strategy for dealing with a threat of that scale .	Newt Gingrich : At least 500 young Brits have gone to the Middle East as jihadists Gingrich : It 's troubling that a vicious , radical group can recruit so many young men He asks whether President Obama understands how serious a threat ISIS presents Gingrich : ISIS may produce even more terrorists who want to destroy the West
EW.com  -- The biggest production on TV of one of the biggest stories in fantasy is about to get a little , well , bigger . The "  Game of Thrones " team is creating a "  super-sized " third season of the hit series . With showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss tackling content from the first half  roughly  of author George R.R. Martin 's largest "  Song of Ice and Fire " novel  the 973-page fan-favorite "  A Storm of Swords "  , the writer-producer duo are delivering slightly longer episodes to the network . There 's still 10 , but you 'll get a little more each week than previous seasons . EW.com : ` Game of Thrones ' casts ` Rome ' actor as Mance Rayder "  There 's almost another full episode 's worth of extra minutes spread across the season , " Weiss says . "  One of the great liberties with HBO is we 're not forced to come in at a specific time . We ca n't be under 50 minutes or over 60 , but that gives us a lot of flexibility . " It will be "  a super-sized season , as befitting ` Storm of Swords , ' " Benioff adds . "  Last year we had a lot of 52-minute episodes . This year is a lot of 56 , 57 . " In fact , the third season finale is expected to run more than an hour â $ " a move that requires special permission from the network  previously , the show 's pilot and its second season finale exceeded an hour  . Episodes are still being calibrated so exact times could change , but HBO and producers are confident the season will deliver more "  Thrones " than ever before . EW.com : ` Game of Thrones ' season 3 teaser poster released HBO says in a statement : "  All 10 episodes gained a minute or two from past seasons with the finale very possibly exceeding 60 minutes . " "  So for people clamoring for another episode , it 's in there , " Weiss says . "  It 's just been cut into tiny pieces . " "  Game of Thrones " returns March 31 , with the season two DVD out February 19 . See the full story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The "  Game of Thrones " team is creating a "  super-sized " third season All 10 episodes gained a minute or two from past seasons The third season finale is expected to run more than an hour "  Game of Thrones " returns March 31 , with the season two DVD out February 19
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- Bogus court papers that allowed two convicted murderers to walk out of a Florida prison are part of a "  cottage industry " that enabled one other jailbreak and several more attempts , the state 's police chief said Monday . "  We know today of five other instances " in which Florida convicts used forged documents in an attempt to shave some time off their sentences , said Jerry Bailey , commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . The seven instances of alleged forgery involve six inmates because one inmate was allegedly involved in two forgeries , authorities said Tuesday . Also Tuesday , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement announced a reward of up to $ 10,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the forgeries or inmates ' escapes . And the Florida attorney general 's office is offering another reward of up to $ 10,000 . State officials have been investigating the scam for about a year and had warned prosecutors about the schemes over the summer , Bailey said . "  We have a confidential source that has advised us that there was a cottage industry , if you will , " he said . "  An individual was able to construct these documents for $ 8,000 . " Friend tipped off police to whereabouts of escaped Florida inmates Authorities say Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins , who were recaptured Saturday night , used a fraudulent order from a judge to get out of the prison in the Panhandle where they were serving life terms . In the past two years , three other inmates in that prison and one at another lockup have made similar attempts to get themselves released , Bailey said . One of those inmates , Jeffrey Forbes , now faces trial on forgery and attempted escape charges , Orange County State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton said . Forbes had been convicted of attempting to kill a law enforcement officer and had been sentenced to life in prison , Ashton said in a written statement last week . "  It is now clear that the use of forged court documents to obtain release from prison is an ongoing threat which all law enforcement , prosecutors , judges , court clerks and prison officials must address and stop , " he said . An inmate held on stolen-check charges in St. Petersburg used fake papers to get out for about 24 hours in 2009 before being recaptured , Pinellas County prosecutors said . Walker and Jenkins were taken into custody Saturday evening in Panama City , where they were waiting for a ride to arrive from Atlanta . Bailey said they are not cooperating with the inquiry , and investigators are tracking their forged paperwork "  to try to determine who initiated the fraud and who along the way may have harbored these fugitives . " The investigation includes the use of DNA tests on the documents in hopes of trying to figure out who produced them , he said . He said investigators have identified suspects but are n't prepared to make arrests . Walker and Jenkins are both 34 and had been serving life terms without parole for unrelated killings . Jenkins left the prison in North Carrabelle , south of Tallahassee , on September 27 , and Walker left on October 8 , according to authorities . A tip from an acquaintance of one of them led to their arrests at a Panama City motel , Bailey said . The legal-looking documents the men used contained bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of Ashton or the assistant state attorney and Belvin Perry , the chief judge for Florida 's 9th Judicial Circuit , which includes Orange and Osceola counties . They bore the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . "  They are excellent fakes , " Perry said . The judge said his signature is easy to find online on documents related to the high-profile trial of Casey Anthony . Anthony was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . "  People , particularly people with criminal minds , come up with ingenious ways to beat the system , " Perry said . "  They have nothing but time on their hands to think of things . " In an order issued Monday , Perry laid out new rules for county clerks in his circuit to keep fake orders from getting real inmates released , requiring them to confirm an order in writing with the judge 's office . And Mike Crews , the head of Florida 's Department of Corrections , said he has ordered prison officials to check with the judge to make sure a release order is legitimate . CNN 's Kim Segal , Matt Smith and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Two rewards of up to $ 10,000 are offered in forgeries of court papers NEW : The seven instances of alleged forgery involve six inmates Fake papers like those that freed two Florida convicts go for $ 8,000 , state official says They 've become a "  cottage industry " that has led to several escape attempts , he says
CNN  -- Despite the fact that Republicans recently voted down the Paycheck Fairness Act  for the third time  , no one dares to argue in favor of gender-based salary discrimination . No one , that is , except for "  pro-family " activist Phyllis Schlafly , who has made a long career of telling women their place is in the home . In case you 're not familiar with Schlafly , she 's a veteran right-wing activist and founder 44 years ago of the Eagle Forum , a conservative interest group that , among other things , opposes abortion , vaccines and working mothers . On Tuesday in the Christian Post , Schlafly declared that equal pay is bad , widening the wage gap is good and that the entire institution of marriage depends on men continuing to earn more than women . Providing women with equal pay for equal work , she wrote , would lower their chances of finding a "  suitable mate , " since , as Schlafly argues , women prefer to marry men who earn more than they do while men prefer to marry women who earn less . But do they ? Or is it that neither gender has had very many choices to the contrary ? Talking about the salary gap between partners is the least romantic thing in marriages . But the truth is that women have long married men who earned more than they did for one main reason : Men have long earned more than women . It 's not about desire . It 's about numbers . Schlafly says that "  men do n't have the same preference for a higher-earning mate . " Maybe that 's because until very recently , the chances that men meet higher-earning women were pretty rare . They still are . Schlafly does n't stop there , though . She argues that beyond the case for "  saving marriage , " women do n't actually deserve equal pay because they "  work fewer hours per day , per week , per year . " While men work more than women in paid work , women work more than men if you account for unpaid work . She goes on saying that women "  place a much higher value on pleasant working conditions : a clean , comfortable , air-conditioned office with congenial co-workers " -- as if A/C and friends to eat lunch with were not things that men like as well . She also ignores the reality that professional men and women do not receive equal treatment or consideration in the workplace . Women earn less than men -- about 84 cents to men 's dollar . Although Schlafly proposes that the best way to empower women is to make job prospects better for men , that only works -- if it works at all -- for women who are able , or want , to marry . What about the rest of them ? What about other choices ? Simply put , even if every American man and woman wanted to marry , there are more women than men . Schlafly 's math does n't add up . She also says , "  Suppose the pay gap between men and women were magically eliminated . If that happened , simple arithmetic suggests that half of women would be unable to find what they regard as a suitable mate . " That is , the more men that out-earn women , the more men there are from which those women might choose . Reducing opportunity and financial independence for women does not empower them . In fact , the result is quite the opposite . Of course , Schlafly 's latest manifesto is n't about making logical arguments . She has long been known for courting controversy with her anti-feminism , anti-liberalism , anti-equal rights advocacy -- it 's no surprise that she 'd latch onto equal pay to further her own platform . The truth is that a more likely deterrent to marriage is the higher tax burdens that married couples face . Under current tax codes , two-wage earning couples face higher taxes if they marry . This might be tolerable for middle class couples but is less so for those who earn less . Economically speaking , there 's greater incentive for young couples of modest means to forgo marriage entirely in favor of what Schlafly might regard as  gasp !  living in sin . Schlafly 's message is immensely disempowering for women , but what else would we come to expect from a woman who has made a career of telling women that their place is at home ? Perhaps more importantly , Schlafly 's just got the whole "  what women want " thing all wrong . Studies show that women are increasingly marrying men who are less educated and who earn less , too . Could it be that these women are just taking what they can get ? Or could it be that there 's a new norm in town ?	Conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly says equal pay is bad for women Peggy Drexler : Her case that equal pay hurts women 's odds of marrying is flawed Drexler says reducing financial independence for women does n't empower them We need to reduce gender-based salary discrimination , Drexler says
Washington  CNN  -- Ron Paul and Rand Paul are singing slightly different tunes on the threat of Ebola . Sen. Rand Paul , an ophthalmologist and likely presidential contender , has been generating headlines for his stark warnings about the virus , urging a temporary flight suspension from certain West African countries and suggesting Ebola is much more contagious than the government says . His father , former Rep. Ron Paul , who 's also a physician , appears to feel differently . In a column out Sunday , he sounds less distressed about the potential of the virus spreading in the United States and does n't seem to think airline restrictions will do much good . White House not naming Ebola ` czar ' The former presidential candidate -- an obstetrician with a strong libertarian following -- does n't mention banning flights as a possible solution . Instead , he writes that safety concerns can best be handled by the airlines themselves , which he says would have a greater incentive to protect passengers than governments would . "  They can do so while providing a safe means of travel for those seeking medical treatment in the United States , " he writes . "  This would remove the incentive to lie about exposure to the virus among those seeking to come here for treatment . " Questions remain about how Dallas nurse got Ebola While his son , a Republican from Kentucky , has speculated that the virus can be transmitted via cough particles in the air , Ron Paul calls it "  very difficult to contract . " "  Common-sense precautions should be able to prevent Ebola from spreading , " he writes . Government officials have said the virus can only be transmitted through bodily fluids . But they 've also said they would look closely at cases in which individuals had direct contact with Ebola patients , including getting sneezed or coughed on . But Ron Paul dedicates part of his opinion piece on accusing the U.S. government for partially propping up the virus by sending foreign aid to countries like Liberia . Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed with the latest According to Paul 's logic , private investment rather that government money would help countries develop a competitive , more effective medical infrastructure . "  The people of Liberia and other countries would be better off if the US government left them alone , " he writes . "  Leave it to private citizens to invest in African business and trade with the African people . " It 's no surprise that the two men do n't fall perfectly in line on the topic . Rand Paul has long taken different policy stances and opinions that those of his father . CDC ` doubling down ' on Ebola training efforts But as the senator prepares for a potential presidential bid and as Ron Paul remains a vocal activist who frequently weighs in on the issues , their differences shed light on the politically famous father-son pair and how a Rand Paul for President campaign would look all the more different from Ron Paul 's three White House bids .	Ron Paul and Rand Paul are both physicians and prominent politicians . Ron Paul writes in a new op-ed that Ebola is ` very difficult to attract ' . His son has been taking a different tone , arguing that it 's more contagious than thought .
CNN  -- Some alcohol , an argument , a flight diversion , a court appearance and a fine -- just another day in the world of celebrity air travel . Jennifer Lauren , niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren , pleaded guilty Wednesday to a charge of "  being intoxicated to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable  possibility  that you might endanger yourself or other persons on board " an aircraft , said Susan Dermody from the Ennis Court Office in Ireland . The 41-year old was arrested Monday at Shannon Airport in western Ireland after a Delta Air Lines flight from Barcelona to New York was diverted , according to Irish state broadcaster RTE . It 's not the first time , and doubtless wo n't be the last , a celeb has been the cause of an in-air disturbance . Indeed , these days some might say you 're nobody until you 've been kicked off a plane . Whether by dressing inappropriately , taking up too much space or simply being themselves , plenty of irritable celebs have made flying a little more interesting for the rest of us . Alec Baldwin : Volcanic PR coup Alec Baldwin versus American Airlines : let 's face it , the only winner here was Words With Friends . The Scrabble-like online game increased its daily active user count by 100,000 within one day after Baldwin 's December 2011 drama , from 5.4 million players to 5.5 million players , according to AppData . The 30 Rock star touched off the game 's explosion with an explosion of his own -- leaving an American Airlines plane in a huff after a run-in with flight crew over powering down his electronic device . In an e-mail to CNN , Baldwin spokesman Matthew Hiltzik said , "  He loves WWF so much that he was willing to leave a plane for it . " Zynga reacted by launching the #letAlecPlay Twitter campaign . "  That was the most brilliant PR move I 've seen this year , " said John Vlautin , who runs SpinLab in Los Angeles to the Los Angeles Times . A week earlier , Josh Duhamel was booted off a flight from New York to Kentucky when he refused to turn off his BlackBerry , but in the wake of the Mt. Alec eruption , everyone pretty much forgot about that . Kevin Smith : Fat fury Hell hath no fury like a plus-sized celebrity scorned . On February 13 , 2010 , noted director Kevin Smith boarded a Southwest Airlines flight in Oakland bound for Burbank when he was asked to get off the plane because his weight and size were a "  safety concern . " Bad move . Smith went on a Twitter tirade . "  I 'm way fat ... But I 'm not THERE just yet . But if I am , why wait til my bag is up , and I 'm seated WITH ARM RESTS DOWN . In front of a packed plane with a bunch of folks who 'd already I.d.ed me as ` Silent Bob . ' " Southwest later apologized to Smith and offered him a US$ 100 voucher , which Smith promptly scoffed at on Twitter while vowing to post anti-Southwest Twitter messages daily . He also devoted an entire episode of SModcast to a play-by-play of the incident and released 24 video statements about it on YouTube . We 'd like to note that a year later , Smith lost 65 pounds by eating less and exercising . Billie Joe Armstrong : Fashion police now on board Passenger suitability appears directly proportional to pant sag when flying on , again , Southwest Airlines . Green Day singer Billie Joe Armstrong was kicked off a plane in 2011 for wearing pants that hung too low on his hips . Armstrong tweeted on September 1 , "  Just got kicked off a southwest flight because my pants sagged too low ! " The musician was on a Southwest Airlines flight from Oakland to Burbank -- is this the same flight that Silent Bob was kicked off of ? Southwest apologized to Armstrong , who really should be thankful he was n't arrested . University of New Mexico football player Deshon Marman was cuffed on June 15 after failing to pull up his sagging pants on a US Airways flight out of San Francisco . The college student faced charges of trespassing and resisting arrest after he refused to obey a pilot and female flight crew member , who claims she saw the outline of what was under his exposed boxer shorts . We 'd look , too . Leisha Hailey : No aerosol cans or tonguing Grope your girlfriend on Southwest Airlines and you might get booted off , as "  The L Word " actress Leisha Hailey found out in September 2011 . Hailey said she and her girlfriend shared "  one , modest kiss . " But a purported eyewitness and TMZ comment leaver later said , "  There was major breast groping going on . " The couple deny the gropage accusation . In a statement aimed at clarifying the incident , they said , "  We were not making out or creating any kind of spectacle of ourselves ... We are responsible adult women who walk through the world with dignity . " Hailey has since called for a boycott of Southwest by gay people . GLAAD are looking into the incident . Gerard Depardieu : 50 ways to reuse a bottle Celebrity survival test : You 're on a plane . The seat belt sign is on . You feel an urge to pee . What do you do in this desperate situation ? According to Gerard Depardieu -- France 's biggest actor , both figuratively and literally -- the only logical and mature thing to do is pee into a trusty plastic bottle . In August 2011 , the Frenchman was stuck on a delayed flight from Paris to Dublin when nature called ... or rather began screaming with terrifying insistence . Unsympathetic flight attendants would n't allow the actor to use the bathrooms , which were locked until takeoff . Fellow actor Edouard Baer offered Depardieu an empty bottle to pee into . The bladder-challenged 62-year-old went ahead and did what he had to do . Depardieu probably would have gotten away with it if his aim was better . But some urine got onto the floor . Depardieu offered to clean it up himself . The crew offered to escort him off the plane . One of the passengers said Depardieu had obviously been drinking . Depardieu 's anonymous friend said the actor claimed he was absolutely not drunk . Depardieu was once known to drink five or six bottles of wine a day . Liam Gallagher : Most epic and absolutely reasonable in-flight meltdown A lesson in true rock star behavior : in 1998 , Cathay Pacific banned Oasis croaker Liam Gallagher for life from the airline , after the hard-to-please front man allegedly kicked up a fuss over a scone . During a flight from Hong Kong to Perth , Gallagher began his scone rage . Some reports said it was the shape of the scone that upset the testy Oasis vocalist . Others claimed that the snarly 1990s icon and Q Magazine obsession became anti-social after he was refused a flaky treat . Many reports had him threatening the pilot with his baked good , possibly after he buttered it . Passengers complained that Oasis band members refused to stop smoking , threw objects at people and swore at flight attendants . The captain considered diverting the flight and forcing the band and their 30-member entourage to get off the plane . After the ban , the unhappy snarler said that he 'd rather walk to Australia than fly on Cathay Pacific . Ashleigh Cowie and Greg Botelho , CNN , contributed to this article .	Insisting on a game of Word With Friends , Alec Baldwin was kicked off flight for refusing to turn off mobile device Director Kevin Smith was booted off Southwest Airlines due to a "  safety concern " regarding his weight French actor Gerard Depardieu was escorted off plane for urinating on plane floor
November 2014 may well be remembered as the time when humanity first landed a robotic probe on the nucleus of a comet . Fittingly , the mission that accomplished this remarkable feat is called "  Rosetta . " In 1799 , French soldiers discovered an ancient Egyptian tablet , inscribed in 196 BC with writing in three different languages . Ultimately , this script on the Rosetta Stone , in combination with writing on an obelisk on the Nile River island of Philae , helped to unlock understanding of Egyptian hieroglyphs . This writing told of a far more ancient Egypt . Similarly , the modern-day creators of the Rosetta mission hope its exploration will unlock comets -- ancient nuclei of rock and ices that are keys to understanding the formation of our solar system . Scientists also hope the mission will provide an insight into Earth 's earliest years . Comets bombarded the young Earth . Did they bring with them much of the water that still exists on our home planet , as well as the organic molecules that life needed in order to arise on Earth ? November 2014 is significant for another reason -- the SETI Institute will celebrate its 30th birthday on November 20 . Why is this relevant to the Rosetta mission ? The SETI Institute 's mission is to explore , understand , and explain the origin and nature of life in the universe . In many ways , the SETI Institute 's goal is the same as Rosetta 's -- but on a much larger stage . The word "  life " for a researcher at the SETI Institute can be anything from a single-celled organism to a technological life form far more advanced than humans . It is the latter life form -- extraterrestrial intelligence -- that people typically associate with the SETI Institute . And the search for such intelligence stands in remarkable parallel to the spirit of Rosetta . Just as the discovery and study of the Rosetta Stone aided understanding of ancient Egypt , the detection and study of evidence from another technological civilization would place our own in a universal context . It could even give us a look into the future of our own species . Daily news reports tell of potential disaster that could befall civilization , be it in the form of global warming , a rapidly mutating virus , or an impact by a cousin of the very object that Philae will land on . Finding concrete evidence that technological societies have survived long-term elsewhere would be reassuring , even inspirational . While searches for signs of intelligent life have been ongoing for more than three decades with no detection , we have barely scratched the surface of such a quest . There are several hundred billion stars in our galaxy , and a similar number of galaxies in the known universe , all containing their own billions of stars . Recent results from the Kepler mission have shown that between 10 and 20 % of our neighborhood 's stars have planets that could be habitable . To date , our searches for the intelligent life that might have grown up around those stars amounts to one scoop of sand compared to all of the sand on all of the beaches in the world . Be not discouraged by lack of detection to date . We must dig deeper and more thoroughly . However , the SETI Institute researchers search for more than just the endgame intelligent life . They also work to fill in all gaps in the story of life , its origins , and its evolution . While the discovery of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe is similar to the end of a well-written novel , appreciation of that ending is greatly enhanced when you read the other chapters in the book . To write those chapters , SETI researchers study extremophile life forms on this planet -- organisms that live beneath ice-covered lakes in Antarctica , inside the hot springs of Yellowstone in the United States , and in the high-elevation deserts of Chile . These studies inform us about whether life likely arose on other , less hospitable planets , how to recognize that life , and how life here has evolved . Institute scientists also investigate whether strange life may inhabit other nearby worlds . Imagine finding biology on Saturn 's moon Titan , with its lakes of methane . Such life would indeed be very different from what we 're used to . Its discovery would throw open the window of possibilities for biological beings elsewhere . How often does life make the leap from microbe to intelligence ? Evidence now indicates that the basic building block of intelligence emerged on this planet some billion years ago , with increasingly intelligent life being present in the intervening years . Institute researchers study how non-human intelligent life on Earth communicates , hoping to grasp the fundamental elements of communication -- those we might find in the "  languages " of extraterrestrial communicators -- both within and across species . We are just beginning to understand and appreciate the levels and variety of intelligence that exist on this planet , and the myriad ways that other animals can and do communicate . Institute scientists play a key role in these fields , seeking both to understand the evolution of Earthly intelligence and to grasp the daunting complexity of how we might recognize and understand a message from beyond our planet . However , public funding for science education programs , while steady in magnitude , is inadequate for the task . Government funding of space exploration is also in jeopardy . But it 's these things -- engaging science teachers , iconic images of manned space missions on TV -- that inspire young people to thirst for knowledge of the universe around us , and to enter into scientific fields of research and study . As such , one of our main missions at the SETI Institute is to help educate the public and to instil a vigor for knowledge and exploration in the youth . Inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers and explorers is paramount to our mission and our work . I believe that not only will the Rosetta mission help us understand where we come from and what our history is , but also help in inspiring a new generation to follow in the footsteps of Carl Sagan and Frank Drake . As we all celebrate the success of the Rosetta mission , those of us at the SETI Institute will continue into the fourth decade of the Institute 's existence in pursuit of our mission -- understanding the origin of life on this planet and finding evidence of it on other worlds . As we continue our quest into the future , I hope you will join us at SETI	Rosetta scientists hope mission will unlock comets ' secrets The SETI Institute will also celebrate its 30th birthday on November 20 In many ways , SETI Institute 's goal is same as Rosetta 's -- but on a much larger stage , says David Black David Black believes both Rosetta and SETI will help inspire a new generation
Russia 's tactics in Ukraine are difficult to pin down : The Kremlin categorically denies Russian troops are fighting alongside rebels there , or that the sophisticated weaponry being used against Ukrainian government forces is supplied by Moscow . In fact , there 's mounting evidence of both . NATO has released compelling satellite imagery -- dismissed by Moscow -- purporting to show Russian forces crossing the Ukrainian border . Last week , the Ukrainian military even captured 10 Russian paratroopers inside Ukraine . The Kremlin said the troops had accidentally crossed from Russia while patrolling the long , porous border that separates the 2 former Soviet states . But while questions about Russia 's tactics remain , its strategy has become more clear : The Kremlin appears to have decided to prevent Ukraine turning West and leaving what Russia regards as its sphere of influence . That means denying Ukraine membership of Western institutions like the European Union , and NATO . What 's more , the Kremlin appears determined to achieve its goal regardless of the cost . International sanctions imposed on Russia so far have damaged the country 's economy , sending the Ruble to all-time lows against the US dollar , but have had little impact on Kremlin policy . President Vladimir Putin continues his support of the rebels in Ukraine , even increasing it , according to Western officials . And he continues to enjoy soaring popularity , with approval ratings of well over 85 % , according to opinion polls . How to stop Putin and prevent a descent into all-out war , then , is the central question with which Western officials are now grappling . There 's talk of further "  costs and consequences " -- the words of President Obama -- but there 's division on what further sanctions can achieve . Taking the World Cup away from Russia , chosen to host the next event in 2018 , is being discussed and may send a powerful symbolic message of isolation to Moscow . But few expect it would force the Kremlin to change course . READ MORE : Six questions about the crisis in Ukraine Further economic sanctions would be double-edged , and may work no better than similar previous measures . NATO , the Western military alliance , is meeting this week in Wales and will examine what its response to Russia should be . Ahead of the meeting there 's talk of increased military support for Ukraine , and that may yet be delivered ; but direct confrontation with a nuclear-armed Russia is regarded by member states , including the EU , as a non-starter . It 's simply too risky . President Putin himself summed it up in a speech to a pro-Kremlin youth camp outside Moscow last week , voicing what many of his Western counterparts may well be thinking . "  It 's best not to mess with Russia , " he said . "  Let me remind you , we are a nuclear superpower . " That just leaves diplomacy , so often the last and best option . The good news is that the Russian and Ukrainian presidents met last week for the first time since June . The bad news is that there was only an awkward handshake at the summit in Belarus , and a refusal by either leader to compromise . Russian wants a ceasefire to freeze the conflict , and ultimately a federal constitution in Ukraine that would grant Russian language official status and Russian-speaking areas of the country greater autonomy . Ukraine rejects this , fearing it would mean losing effective control of its Eastern provinces for good . That deadlock will simply have to be broken if this Ukraine crisis is going to end without further bloodshed or territorial losses . EU officials say it 's still not too late for Russia to end the crisis without losing face . But with Moscow so clearly digging in its heels , it may be the government in Kiev and its Western backers who , despite the bluster , will be looking to do a face-saving deal . READ MORE : Ukraine warns of ` full-scale war ' with RussiaREAD MORE : Opinion - How to make Putin back downREAD MORE : Opinion - Fog lifts to show Russia at war	Evidence Russian troops , weaponry are being used in Ukraine , despite Kremlin denials Russia looking to prevent Ukraine turning to West , leaving its sphere of influence Western leaders considering further sanctions , other ways to send message to Moscow Putin has warned others not to get involved : "  We are a nuclear superpower . "
The Frisky  -- There are two sides to almost every breakup -- the dumper and the dumpee .  Sorry , I do n't buy those "  mutual " decision splits . I 'm sure they happen , but they 're as rare as a fat cell on Madonna 's rear end , so they do n't count . Do n't haunt the person you dumped by sending them a birthday card . While it 's ideal when both sides exit the relationship with dignity , it 's much easier to be the Gracious Ex when you 're the dumper . After all , it was your bright idea to break up . You 've had time to wrap your head around it , and really , who are you kidding -- you probably have a replacement lined up already . So we 're going to start with you , the breaker-upper , because your list of "  How Not to Be " is a lot shorter . Without further adieu , you definitely should not : • Refuse to be the bad guy . Every breakup has one and , as the dumper , you need to suck it up and admit you 're it . Even if you 're not particularly evil , you 're the one who used his heart as a hankie , so do n't call him , wondering if he 's "  OK . " Not only does it not absolve you from anything  and that 's really all you 're looking for  , it 's presumptuous . And while we 're at it , do n't even think about acknowledging milestones . Nothing says Unhappy Birthday like a store-bought greeting card from the person who ruined your life  at least for a while  . • "  Friending " them . There is not one action more weaselly than kicking someone to the curb one week , only to send them a "  Zombie Hug " on Facebook the next . I went out with one dude whose MySpace page consisted solely of women he 'd wrung through his emotional wringer . Guess who he tried to add next ? I do n't think so , buddy . • Leave them on your band/performance/whatever SPAM list . The best thing about getting dumped by a musician/actress/mime is that you never have to sit through another one of their lame performances . The second worst thing about these emails is that they serve as a reminder you still draw breath and are experiencing some level of success . But the all-time worst aspect is that you just know that the list of recipients includes the person she 's currently snogging . This goes up an extra notch of excruciating when the sender does n't utilize the BCC function . • Throwing the sad face . True , running into someone you 've emotionally eviscerated is uncomfortable , but if you happen to cross paths with your ex , be polite , be discreet , and move on quickly . Do n't coo and hover , your exaggerated frown telegraphing their status as the booted party to any and all in the area . Getting dumped is humiliating enough without the insincere theatrics . • Rebound with a friend or family . The ultimate in sketchy ex behavior would have to be dumping a dude to get to his cousin  or brother  . Next up is his best friend . If you 're going to go there , at least wait a couple days before you do so . • Backsies ! How many times have you finally gotten over someone , only to have them come bounding back into your life the second you meet someone new ? It 's uncanny -- and unbelievably irritating -- how often this happens . Do n't be that person . To ensure you wo n't , before you have "  the talk " with your no-longer-significant other , picture him making out with your best friend . Are you a  mildly intrigued ; b  livid ; or c  relieved that he found someone else because now he wo n't cry when you tell him to get lost . If you picked A or C , you 're good to go . If B was your answer , well , you 'll get what you deserve when he starts dating your hotter , younger cousin . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	After you 've dumped someone , do n't try to date his friends or relatives Take your ex off all your SPAM lists so you do n't haunt him Do not "  Zombie Hug " or poke them on social networking sites
London  CNN  -- Nine men have been arrested in the United Kingdom on suspicion of terror offenses , London 's Metropolitan Police said Thursday . The men , ages 22 to 51 , were detained Thursday morning in London on suspicion of being members of a banned organization , supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism . They were taken to police stations in central London and remain in custody , a police statement said . Eighteen homes , business premises and community buildings across London are being searched as part of the investigation . Officers are also searching a home in Stoke on Trent in the English Midlands . "  These arrests and searches are part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist related terrorism and are not in response to any immediate public safety risk , " said the Met Police statement . Police did not give the identities of those arrested nor name the banned organization concerned . But the UK 's Press Association news agency cited sources as saying radical British cleric Anjem Choudary was among those arrested . Choudary , who was a co-founder of the banned UK Islamist group Al Muhajiroun , told CNN last month that the world had been split into two camps . There 's a "  camp which believes that sovereignty and supremacy belongs to God . They are the Islamic State , at the head of which is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , " Choudary said . "  In the other camp you have those people who believe sovereignty and supremacy belongs to man . At the head of that camp is Barack Obama . " "  I believe this Islamic State will spread , rapidly , and I believe it will be in Europe and even America within decades . " Cameron lays out plans to counter UK jihadi threat Parliament recalled UK Prime Minister David Cameron called Wednesday for Parliament to be recalled Friday to debate the nation 's response to a request from the Iraqi government for airstrikes to support operations against ISIS in Iraq . Speaking in New York , where he 's attending the U.N. General Assembly , Cameron said he was convinced that ISIS is "  a direct threat " to Britain and that the nation should join international efforts against the group in Iraq . "  What we are doing is legal , it is right , it does not involve British combat troops on the ground . But as ever with our country when we are threatened in this way , we should not turn away from what needs to be done , " he said . "  I am confident we will get this through Parliament on an all party basis , and I think it is right for our country to be united at this time . " Any action against ISIS in Syria would require a separate parliamentary debate and vote , he said . Terror threat level raised The Home Office has listed 60 international proscribed terrorist organizations as of August 2014 . They include networks such as ISIS and al Qaeda , as well as UK-based groups such as Al Muhajiroun , which emerged in 1996 and has operated under a range of other names since being disbanded in 2004 . The UK Home Office last month raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe . " The government also announced new measures to combat the threat from Islamist extremism , including a radical new measure to ban Britons from coming home once they join jihadi ranks abroad . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : UK media reports name one of those arrested as radical cleric Anjem Choudary The men , aged from 22 to 51 years old , were all detained in London , police say The men arrested are suspected of belonging to and supporting a banned organization The arrests "  are not in response to any immediate public safety risk , " police say
CNN  -- Clashes in Syria 's streets have led to the deaths of 11 civilians since Friday , according to Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a dissident group . The organization said the deaths came during the violent government crackdown on protests that have sprung up in various cities including Aleppo , Deir Azzor , Daeel and Douma . CNN can not independently verify the claim , and a government response was not immediately available . Government officials blamed the some of the violence on "  terrorists , " according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  . SANA reported Tuesday that the "  terrorists " killed three security officials and two civilians . The dissident group said there have been mass arrests by the government in an attempt to quell protests . But protests have continued , according to videos posted on YouTube , which purports to show large crowds of women gathering in various cities Monday night calling for the release of detained family members . Another video shows a funeral Tuesday of a person allegedly killed by security forces . CNN can not verify the authenticity of those videos . The unrest in Syria began in mid-March after teens were arrested for writing anti-government graffiti in the southern city of Daraa , according to Amnesty International . As the clashes intensified , demonstrators changed their demands , from calls for freedom and an end to abuses by the security forces to calls for the regime 's overthrow . The United States released a strongly worded statement Monday condemning the ongoing violence in Syria and accusing the government of targeting civilians . "  The behavior of Syria 's security forces , including other such barbaric shootings , wide-scale arrests of young men and boys , brutal torture , and other abuses of basic human rights , is reprehensible , " the U.S. State Department statement said . "  President  Bashar al -  Assad must understand that he is not indispensable , and we believe he is the cause of Syria 's instability , not the key to its stability . " CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Protests continue despite a government crackdown The government blames some violence on terrorists , the state-run news agency reports The U.S. State Department condemns the violence in a statement Monday "  The behavior of Syria 's security forces ... is reprehensible , " the statement says
CNN  -- Samsung may be the latest company to enter the red-hot wrist-tech market . The South Korean company is planning to announce a new smartphone device that 's worn on the wrist in September , according to a report from Bloomberg . The Android powered device will be called the Galaxy Gear and will be able to handle the smartphone basics : phone calls , Web surfing and e-mails , said the report . Samsung will announce the product at an event on September 4 , just ahead of the big IFA consumer electronics show in Germany . Samsung declined to comment on the report when contacted by CNN . It would be no surprise that Samsung is investing in wearable technology , which could be the next major gadget category . The wearable tech market is expected to hit $ 1.5 billion in 2014 , a huge leap from the $ 800 million it 's raking in this year , according to a report by Juniper Research . Wrists are the most popular body part for the coming wave of wearable devices , followed by heads . The dream of a smartwatch has been around in popular culture for decades -- cartoon detective Dick Tracy had an early version of one -- but recent advances like smaller , cheaper sensors and low-power Bluetooth technology are finally making it possible to pack powerful features into tinier shells . There are still limitations , and the current crop of wearables are primarily satellite devices that need to pair up with a nearby smartphone to access the Web . If Samsung 's Galaxy Gear is more smartphone than accessory , it could stand out from the competition . All the major companies are angling for a piece of the action . Apple is likely developing its own smartwatch , Microsoft is rumored to be producing a prototype smartwatch that would run Windows 8 , and Acer says it will release a wearable device in 2014 , though it did not specific what type . Sony , Pebble , I 'm Watch and other manufacturers already have smartwatches on the market . Meanwhile , Google is working out the kinks on Google Glass , its connected headset due early next year . Simple wearable fitness devices like the FitBit are already extremely popular and many of their features , like monitoring heart-rate or tracking movement , will likely be included in the bigger products .	Samsung expected to announce wristwatch-sized smartphone September 4 Called the Galaxy Gear , the device would handle e-mail , phone calls and web surfing All the major tech companies are racing to release wearable computing devices
CNN  -- During Uganda 's 2011 presidential election , when activists and poll workers tried to text criticisms of the incumbent or the evidence of polling fraud , they found their messages would n't go through . Yet there was no problem sending innocuous messages about the weather or what they had for lunch . "  So much of communication in Africa and many other continents and countries are dependent on mobile providers that could turn against you all of a sudden -- or could go down , " Jon Gosier told me in a recent phone interview . He is a man who is likely to change all that . In Uganda 's case , the government was monitoring text messages sent among activists and poll watchers . Gosier said that was designed to censor dissent . The lessons : Texts are n't always private and governments are pretty much always nosy . Those are just a couple of reasons Gosier 's work with a new nonprofit called Abayima , Luganda for "  guardian , " is so crucial to the future of free speech in the developing world . I like to think of Gosier as the savior of the SIM card , that humble piece of hardware that 's stuck in the back of your cell phone and helps it communicate with the network . That old school and overlooked piece of technology could help human rights advocates , protesters and relief workers communicate during a crisis -- both by serving as an encrypted tool for passing messages and , potentially , helping cell phones communicate with rogue network towers that go up when governments take down communications or natural disasters crumble the existing infrastructure . At a time when governments are getting savvier about using technology to stamp out free speech , these sorts of scrappy tech tools are needed more than ever . Earlier this week , Twitter released a "  transparency report " saying government requests for its data increased 19 % during the second half of last year . Google has called the rise in government censorship requests alarming . While some countries made gains in 2012 in terms of granting free expression , several , including Italy , Mali and Tajikistan , lost points in a recent ranking from Freedom House . Abayima 's efforts to fight censorship are the reason it 's part of my new CNN Opinion column , which focuses on human rights and social justice issues . I 'm a former technology writer , so some columns will highlight technological innovation . Others will focus on how people are using the Internet to create social change and on human rights crises that are n't making it into mainstream headlines . Last year , I worked with the CNN Freedom Project to produce a story on slavery in Mauritania . I 've also covered topics like Internet and gaming addiction in South Korea and prisons in Norway . Soon , you will see me writing and fronting a project called Change the List . The pilot was on Hawaii , the state with the lowest voter turnout . I reported from there and enlisted people on the Internet to try to help move that state up "  the List . " Not that I can take credit  and not that it 's an insanely huge victory  , but the state tied for 49th place in 2012 , instead of 50th . It 's not everything , but it 's progress . Anyway , back to SIM cards . Other people also are catching on to Gosier 's concept , too . "  In parts of the world where the Internet is either down or monitored , " Justin Ellis writes for the Nieman Journalism Lab , "  Abayima would give activists , human rights workers , and journalists the ability to communicate simply by swapping SIMs . " The blog TechPresident calls it a "  handy lo-tech solution to fight censorship . " The Knight Foundation recently gave the nonprofit a $ 150,000 grant . In a sense , the already-old-news SIM card could take on a new life as the technological grandchild of the fax machine , which helped activists in the Soviet Union communicate with the broader world and each other ; or the cassette tape , which helped anti-Apartheid radio hosts in South Africa disseminate their broadcasts to townships . So the SIM is the new fax machine , but in a good way . If all of it sounds a little utopian , maybe it is . Gosier is gambling that several systems fall into place to make these types of communication work-arounds possible . But he 's betting on the right technologies . There are 4.5 billion mobile phones in the developing world , according to data compiled by USAID , and many of them are "  feature phones " -- not-so-smart devices that only make calls and send text messages . When crisis hits , the phone is the device people turn to first for help . Gosier 's work builds on that of other crisis-technology developers . And its first step is a tiny one : to create software that will make it easier for programmers to control and write to SIM cards . That 's harder than it might sound , though , since the good-guy hackers have to use 1s and 0s , not elaborate code , to talk with the hardware SIMs . With a staff of three , Abayima is working on open-source software , called Open Sim Kit , to do just that . But the group is seeking volunteers to help . If you know anyone who is fluent in machine language , e-mail Gosier at jon@abayima.com . From there , it could become possible for the SIMs to communicate with rogue cell phone towers -- maybe 10 feet tall -- that could be set up in response to a humanitarian crisis like the Haiti earthquake or a communications blackout like those seen in Egypt , Libya or Syria . Those towers and the altered SIM cards could make it possible for small groups of people to communicate over a network , Gosier said . "  The technology is there , " Gosier told me . "  The problem has been the phones people have ca n't talk to the towers . So this open source software we 're trying to build would allow you to essentially flash SIM cards and distribute them to people . ... At that point they could talk to whatever networks they want . " Until then , the Open Sim Kit could be used by activists to pass digital information to each other , often by hand . Sasha Kinney , who works with journalists and activists in Kenya as part of a group called Pawa254 , said even that simple update "  would definitely be something of interest " for journalists trying to evade government censorship . "  The more offline we can get and the more creative we can get the better it is for us , " she said . "  And everybody 's got a cell phone here . " Election monitors in Kenya also plan to use SIM cards to record information about polling places and election-related violence , Gosier said . They 'll pass them off to coordinators by hand , who then will take them to a place where the data can be uploaded to the Internet . In a sense , that makes the SIM card a substitute for paper . But , unlike paper , SIM cards can be encrypted and stored discretely . They 're less likely to catch the eyes of authorities . "  Think of it like passing around a thumb drive , " he said . A thumb drive that costs about 25-cents -- and does n't require a computer . Which is why the SIM card -- and other affordable , ubiquitous technologies -- is likely to make a comeback as a modern vehicle for free speech . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Abayima is creating software that could be used to hack SIM cards Sutter : It will be a boon to activists and humanitarians The nonprofit is one of many tackling censorship in the digital era Sutter : Too many countries are using tech to crack down on free speech
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The remains of the first American shot down in the 1991 Persian Gulf War have been uncovered , the U.S. Department of Defense announced Sunday . Navy Capt. Michael Speicher 's remains have been identified , the U.S. military announced Sunday . U.S. Navy Capt. Michael "  Scott " Speicher was shot down in an F/A -18 Hornet on January 17 , 1991 , the first night of the war . The announcement early Sunday of the discovery of Speicher 's remains ends more than 18 years of speculation about whether Speicher may have survived the crash and been held captive , or died in captivity in the ensuing years . "  The news that Captain Speicher 's remains have been recovered is a reminder of the selfless service that led him to make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom , " President Obama said in a statement . Watch : Naval aviator 's remains found " "  I am grateful to the -LSB- U.S. -RSB- Marines who pursued the information that led to Captain Speicher 's recovery so that he can now come home . My thoughts and prayers are with his family , and I hope that the recovery of his remains will bring them a needed sense of closure , " Obama said . Speicher 's family thanked the military in a statement Sunday , saying Speicher "  was a brave and wonderful father , husband , and naval officer who responded without hesitation when his country needed him . ... We thank the active duty men and women whose diligence has made this happen , and hope that this process has prevented another of our service men and women from being left behind . "  We will miss him , and will never forget . Thank you for your thoughts and prayers . " An Iraqi civilian told U.S. forces in Iraq in early July about the location of the crash that killed Speicher , according to Navy Secretary Ray Mabus . U.S. Marines in Anbar province went to the site and spoke to another Iraqi who told them he witnessed Bedouins burying Speicher 's remains in the desert after the crash , the statement said . A search uncovered the remains , which were flown to Dover Air Base last week and positively identified as Speicher 's by the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology , the statement said . The remains included bones and skeletal fragments , and positive identification was made by comparing Speicher 's dental records with a jawbone recovered at the site , the statement said . "  We send our deepest condolences to the Speicher family for the sacrifice Captain Speicher made in the service of his country , " the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , said in a statement . "  Although we can not fully understand the sense of loss , or the pain his family has shouldered throughout the years of waiting , we hope they can find solace in his dignified and honorable return home . " Speicher was a lieutenant commander when shot down , but because his status remained uncertain , he received promotions during the past 18 years , reaching the rank of captain . He was originally listed as "  Killed-in-Action/Body-Not-Recovered " in May 1991 . That status changed in 2001 to "  Missing in Action , " and then to "  Missing/Captured " in 2002 , based on sighting reports in Iraq . Those sightings have since been discredited . His status was changed back to MIA earlier this year . "  All the evidence that we were getting seemed to suggest that Scott was alive and being held against his will , " Nels Jensen of Little Rock , Arkansas , a high school friend of Speicher 's , told CNN . "  And you know , we never sent out a search and rescue party , and if we had ... none of this mess would probably have been necessary . " In the six years that the United States has been in Iraq for its second war , all of the many leads and alleged sightings of Speicher have been investigated and found to be false . The Speicher family has worked closely with the Navy to ensure the hunt for him would not stop . "  We reiterate our commitment to find and account for all military members and civilians who have gone missing in the service of our nation , " Odierno said in Sunday 's statement . "  We will not stop until all are found . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Michael "  Scott " Speicher was the first American shot down in Gulf war Iraqis remembered seeing Bedouins bury his body in the desert Iraqis pointed U.S. Marines to the burial site , the Pentagon said
CNN  -- Is college worth the cost ? The question has echoed in the halls of government , over the family dinner table and throughout the media for decades . But the alarm bell has rung even louder in recent years , when student loan debt in the United States grew to over $ 1.2 trillion and tuition increases continued at nearly triple the rate of inflation . Just this summer the debate about the cost of college seemed to reach a fever pitch , as dueling perspectives seized national headlines . On the one hand , Senator Elizabeth Warren bemoaned the fact that "  Millions of young people ... ca n't buy homes , they ca n't buy cars ... all because they are struggling under the weight of student loan debt . " In the same vein , President Obama declared that "  we 're still seeing too big a debt load on too many young people " as he signed an Executive action that would extend income-based repayment programs for graduates who ca n't earn enough to handle loan payments . But on the other hand , a Brookings Institution study released just days later offered a starkly different message . Prominently covered by the News/Opinion vertical at The New York Times called "  The Upshot , " the study said that "  the impact of student loans may not be as dire as many commentators fear . " David Leonhardt of the New York Times crystallized the argument with a headline reading , "  The Reality of Student Debt is Different From the Cliches . " He pointed out that students with six figure debt loads represent a fraction of the overall picture and cited data that the ratio of borrowers ' monthly loan payments to monthly income has remained consistent when measured since the early 1990s . The authors of the study further questioned whether student debt was creating any kind of drag on the economy at all . So the question arose , was all this effort for student loan reform at the highest level of government an overreaction ? Perhaps just a symptom of simplistic media coverage ? Was The New York Times ' own magazine cover about "  boomerang kids "  featuring a recent graduate with $ 80,000 in debt living at home  or its front-page series on "  Degrees of Debt "  featuring "  a generation hobbled by the soaring cost of college "  just another media clichÃ © ? Certainly a media organization can accommodate competing perspectives , but was the take away that we should finally stop worrying and sign every student up for more loans already ? It became quickly apparent , however , that the Brookings study had its flaws . One notable omission was the fact that 70 % of the class of 2014 would graduate with an average debt of $ 33,000 per borrower , as reported by The Wall Street Journal . Analysts also criticized various aspects of the study 's method . For example , using data from 2010 , the Brookings authors define "  young households " as homes headed by people ages 20-40 . This dataset includes people who graduated college in the early-1990s , when average debt per borrower was less than half what it is today . Perhaps even more importantly , this dataset excludes young people still living at home with their parents and therefore not the heads of their households . Such an exclusion is significant , since one in five college graduates under age 35 still live at home , and they are most likely the graduates with the highest debt levels  hence the phenomenon of "  boomerang kids "  . Another important caveat is the fact that the average repayment period on student loans has increased from 7.4 years in 1992 to 13.4 years today . So while monthly payments may be similar to what they were twenty years ago , they now last for almost double the time . This is where the meme of "  student debt slavery " enters the conversation . It used to be the case that student loan debt could be paid off by the time one might decide to start a family and buy a home . But now , there is a sense that student loan debt will haunt borrowers deep into adulthood , negatively affecting their ability to make life choices that are part of a healthy future and a key to the health of our economy . Perhaps the biggest oversight in the Brookings study , though , is that the data includes only borrowers actually making monthly repayments on their debt . Thus the study does n't include all those who are in default , deferment or forbearance . And as data released in August revealed , less than half of student borrowers are actually paying their federal loans back on time , with defaults on the rise . So the Brookings argument reads a bit like a tautology : those who are not having trouble paying back their loans are not having trouble paying back their loans . But lets take a step back from all of this data-crunching about student debt , and consider an even more fundamental question : is higher education a public good that benefits the whole country , or is it simply a private good that adds to an individual 's net worth ? This is the culturo-historical perspective that Ivory Tower seeks to explore in order to come to a more nuanced understanding of whether college is worth the cost . From the arrival of the first colonists in New England , college in America has been a place for the moral development and intellectual uplift of young people . By the time of our nation 's founding , college had expanded from an institution simply meant to train the clergy to a critical component of a nascent democracy . An educated citizenry , according to Jefferson , was the best defense against tyranny . With the emergence of a new industrial economy in the 19th Century , college education became both a source of individual edification and national prosperity , and with the Morrill Acts of 1865 and 1890 , the federal government created free  or nearly free  institutions accessible to people who never would have dreamed of going to college before . Private institutions also embraced this notion of education as a public good , with the wealthiest philanthropists of the era , such as Andrew Carnegie , John D. Rockefeller , and Peter Cooper endowing institutions for the benefit of both individual students and the broader society . In the 20th Century , the GI Bill of 1944 continued this tradition , offering free college education to millions of returning veterans , and laying the groundwork for an economic boom and vast expansion of the middle class . The federal student loan program itself began as a small part of Lyndon Johnson 's vision for a Great Society , as he aimed to increase access to college through the Higher Education Act of 1965 . But by the 1970s , this tradition was derailed , and the emphasis shifted to the private good of education . State legislatures , inspired by the example of Ronald Reagan , made the argument that if students were receiving a wage premium from college , they should pay for it themselves . This attitude resulted in shifting the cost of college increasingly onto the shoulders of individual students through more and more student loans . At the same time , colleges and universities have found themselves in an ever more perverse arms race to compete with each other . As students have become more like customers , colleges have become more like businesses trying to attract those customers with fancier dormitories , recreation centers , and other amenities not essential to their core academic mission . And while the soaring "  sticker price " of college has been at least somewhat offset at many institutions by increased financial aid , many of those discount packages actually include loans . Indeed , only 1.25 % of the over four thousand institutions of higher education in the country offer financial aid that meets a student 's full need . Returning to data and statistics , perhaps the most significant number one can cite in terms of the value of college is the $ 1 million lifetime earnings premium a bachelor 's degree confers . For some , this statistic puts the debate about whether college is worth it to rest . But while we can say that statistically a bachelor 's degree is worth it , that does not mean "  college " as a whole is worth the cost . Indeed , 68 % of students at public institutions do not graduate in 4 years , and 44 % fail to graduate in 6 years . That means that nearly half of the students who are signing up for a public university education will not enjoy the wage premium promised to them , yet they may still be saddled with debt . For students like these , the question of whether college is worth it is far more complicated . And in an economy where the disparity between the wealth of high school graduates and college graduates is increasingly stark , the choice to not go to college seems like financial suicide , even if the choice to take on debt may seem very risky as well . As Anthony Carnevale from the Georgetown Center on Education and the Workforce puts it , "  The only thing worse than going to college is not going to college . " Ultimately , our society should not put so many young people , especially those from less advantaged backgrounds , in such a precarious position , particularly when the potential value of a college education for both students and society is so high . Andrew P. Coffman contributed to this report .	"  Ivory Tower " documentary maker Andrew Rossi examines the higher education crisis Is proposed student loan reform an overreaction ? Is higher education more beneficial to individuals -- or the nation as a whole ? Colleges have become more like businesses , with students as their customers
CNN  "  A picture of horror . " That 's how German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier described the site where a Germanwings Airbus A320 plane crashed in the French Alps on Tuesday . "  The grief of the families and loved ones is immeasurable , " Steinmeier said , after flying over the area in the Alps in southeastern France . "  We must stand with them . We are all united in great grief . " Departure : Barcelona , Spain , at 10:01 a.m.  26 minutes late Destination : Scheduled to land in Dusseldorf , Germany , at 11:39 a.m. Passengers : 150  144 passengers , six crew members Airplane : Airbus A320  twin-jet Airline : Germanwings  budget airline owned by Lufthansa Flight distance : 726 miles Last known tracking data : 10:38 a.m. . Last known speed : 480 mph Last known altitude : 11,400 feet Last known location : Near Digne-les-Bains , France , in the Alps Sources : CNN and flightaware.com Flight 9525 took off just after 10 a.m. Tuesday from Barcelona , Spain , for Dusseldorf , Germany , with 144 passengers -- among them two babies -- and six crew members . It went down at 10:53 a.m.  5:53 a.m. ET  in a remote area near Digne-les-Bains in the Alpes de Haute Provence region . All aboard are presumed dead . Helicopter crews found the airliner in pieces , none of them bigger than a small car , and human remains strewn for several hundred meters , according to Gilbert Sauvan , a high-level official in the Alpes de Haute Provence region who is being briefed on the operation . Authorities were not able to retrieve any bodies Tuesday , with the frozen ground complicating the effort . Wednesday may not be much easier , with snow in the forecast . Spanish and German officials moved to join hundreds of French firefighters and police in the area , working together to help in the recovery effort and try to figure out exactly what happened . As of Tuesday evening , there were few clues . One of the aircraft 's data recorders , the so-called black boxes , has been found , according to French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve , but it was too early to tell what it would say about the crash . "  We do n't know much about the flight and the crash yet , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said . "  And we do n't know the cause . " Relatives of those believed to be on the flight , fearing the worst , gathered at the Barcelona airport , where a crisis center was set up . French authorities set up a chapel near the crash site . Lufthansa Group said the company will look after the relatives of those on board . "  There will be a contact center established in France ; relatives who would like to take advantage of this will be transferred to the contact center at no cost -- and their accommodation paid for -- just as soon as the center has been established , " Lufthansa said . Those aboard included a "  high number of Spaniards , Germans and Turks , " according to Spain 's King Felipe VI . Germanwings CEO Thomas Winkelmann said it 's believed 67 people , or nearly half those on the plane , are German citizens . Germanwings crash : Who was on the plane ? Sixteen students and two teachers from one German high school , called Joseph Koenig Gymnasium , were among those booked on Flight 9525 , according to Florian Adamik , a municipal official in Haltern , the town where the school is located . A crisis center has been established at the city hall in Haltern , which is about 77 kilometers  48 miles  north of Dusseldorf 's airport . Winkelmann confirmed the 16 students and two teachers were on the plane . Haltern 's mayor , Bodo Klimpel , said they had been heading home after taking part in a foreign exchange program . "  The whole city is shocked , and we can feel it everywhere , " Klimpel said . A Dutch citizen and a Belgian -- the latter a resident of Barcelona -- were among those on the flight , according to those countries ' foreign ministries . Two Australians and two Colombians were also believed to be on board . Germanwings started in 2002 and was taken over by Lufthansa seven years later as its low-cost airline , handling an increasing number of midrange flights around Europe . It was forced to cancel some flights Tuesday because there were crews that did n't want to fly upon hearing news of the crash . The valley where the plane went down is long and snow-covered , and access is difficult , said the mayor of the nearby town of Barcelonnette , Pierre Martin-Charpenel . It was well populated in the 19th century but there are almost no people living there now , he said . It 's an out-of-the-way place with magnificent scenery , he said . The sports hall of a local school has been freed up to take in bodies of the victims of the plane crash , said Sandrine Julien from the town hall of Seyne-les-Alpes village . Seyne-les-Alpes is about 10 kilometers from the crash site . Mountain guide Yvan Theaudin told BFMTV the crash was in the area of the Massif des Trois Eveches , where there are peaks of nearly 3,000 meters  1.9 miles  . It 's very snowy in the area and the weather is worsening , he said , which could complicate search and rescue efforts . Responders may have to use skis to reach the crash site on the ground , he said . Sandrine Boisse , president of the tourism office at the Pra Loup ski resort , said she heard the plane crash and called the police and the local government office to find out what had happened . "  It was about 11  a.m.  here . I was outside the garage , and we heard a strange noise , and at first we thought it was an avalanche , " she said . "  Something was wrong . ... We did n't know what . " A mountain guide who heard a plane fly at alarmingly low altitude shortly before the crash , Michel Suhubiette , said helicopters may be the only way to get to the crash site . According to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , just under 16 % of aviation accidents occur during the cruise portion of a flight -- meaning after the climb and before descent . Accidents are more common during takeoff and landing . The twin-engine Airbus A320s , which entered service in 1988 , is generally considered among the most reliable aircraft , aviation analyst David Soucie said . The captain of the crashed plane had flown for Germanwings for more than 10 years , and had more than 6,000 flight hours on this model of Airbus . The plane itself dates to 1991 and was last checked in Dusseldorf on Monday , according to Winkelmann . So what happened ? CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said the plane 's speed is one clue . According to Germanwings , the plane reached its cruising altitude of 38,000 feet , and then dropped for eight minutes . The plane lost contact with French radar at a height of approximately 6,000 feet . Then it crashed . This could indicate that there was not a stall , but that the pilot was still controlling the plane to some extent , Schiavo said . Had there been an engine stall , the plane would have crashed in a matter of minutes , she said . That small piece of information about the descent means that the pilot could have been trying to make an emergency landing , or that the plane was gliding with the pilot 's guidance , Schiavo said . A scenario where the plane was gliding is potentially more dangerous because wide fields for landing would be hard to come by in the mountains , she said . The crash spurred officials in several countries to offer their condolences and pledge solidarity and cooperation to help those affected and determine what happened . "  Our thoughts and our prayers are with our friends in Europe , especially the people of Germany and Spain , following the terrible airplane crash in France , " U.S. President Barack Obama told reporters . "  It 's particularly heartbreaking because it apparently includes the loss of so many children , some of them infants . " Germany 's Merkel said she was sending two ministers to France on Tuesday and would travel to the crash site on Wednesday to see it for herself . "  We have to think of the victims and their families and their friends , " she said . German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said the German government had set up a crisis center in response to the "  terrible news " and was in close contact with the French authorities . "  In these difficult hours , our thoughts are with those who have to fear that their close ones are among the passengers and crew , " he said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Hala Gorani , Laura Akhoun , Stephanie Halasz , Lindsay Isaac , Josh Levs , Richard Greene , Karl Penhaul and Sara Delgrossi contributed to this report .	The plane reached 38,000 feet , and then dropped for eight minutes , Germanwings says Victims from Germany , France , Spain , Turkey , Belgium , Holland , Colombia , Australia One data recorder found from Germanwings plane that crashed in Alps
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has already won the 2013 Formula One world championship -- at least that 's the view of his Ferrari rivals , despite there being six races left this season . Red Bull driver Vettel took the checkered flag at Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix to win his seventh race of the year and extend his lead over Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso in the drivers ' standings to 60 points . Despite an encouraging race which saw Alonso finish in second place after starting seventh on the grid , team principal Stefano Domenicali declared that Ferrari will be prioritizing 2014 between now and the end of the current season . "  Now it 's clear that 99 % of our energies will be concentrated on the 2014 project , " Domenicali told Ferrari 's official website . "  Ahead of the summer break we were striving hard for a performance gain in Singapore , on a track with characteristics that are particularly unsuitable for our car . "  Instead we lost even more ground , despite the fact that the F138 has improved in certain ways , otherwise Fernando would never have managed to do what he did in the second part of the race in terms of tire management . Blog : Does F1 lack compelling characters ? "  We still have some new parts for the car that we will bring to the coming races but , above all , we will now try to make the most out of what we already have . " Two-time world champion Alonso last week pledged his loyalty to Ferrari amid reported interest from former team McLaren , and on Saturday said he wants to extend his contract . Next season Alonso will be partnered by Kimi Raikkonen , the current Lotus driver who was the last man to win the drivers ' championship for Ferrari in 2007 . Alonso hopes a raft of new technical regulations which will be introduced to the sport next season will benefit Ferrari . "  We started  the season  in a good way , " the 32-year-old , who is without a grand prix win since May , told the BBC . "  We were competitive in Australia , maybe not in qualifying but in the race we were taking care of the tires very , very well , together with Lotus . "  We won in China , we won in Spain and then we seemed to lose a little bit of performance , especially when the 2012 tires came back . "  For next year , we start from zero . Really we will put all our effort and hopes into 2014 , because starting from zero is our best opportunity to close the gap with all the top teams . "	Ferrari will prioritize 2014 campaign for the rest of this season Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso trails Sebastian Vettel by 60 points in the drivers ' standings Vettel 's win at the Singapore Grand Prix was his seventh of 2013 The Red Bull driver is bidding for a fourth consecutive world championship
CNN  -- After months of being beat up by the media about his "  Bridgegate " scandal in New Jersey , Gov. Chris Christie is still standing . And there is even some evidence that he might finally be regaining ground . A new poll from Quinnipiac shows that the governor has narrowed the lead that Hillary Clinton , another possible presidential candidate , has over him in Iowa . His appearance on "  The Tonight Show " and at a charity softball game in Yankee Stadium generated some media buzz about the more likeable parts of his personality . Although his political reputation is a long way from repaired , the idea that the governor might still run in 2016 is back on the table . How can this be ? A number of factors have helped him absorb the continued blows that he has received from the constant news coverage and ongoing investigations into the events that transpired in the Garden State . The dynamics of the scandal have followed a few principles about surviving scandal politics that have worked in his favor . 1 . Avoid the smoking gun : This is the biggest one . Until investigators have clear-cut evidence that a politician is responsible for the scandal at hand , there is always room for a person to maneuver . In certain cases , American voters are willing to give the benefit of doubt to the person accused -- especially in a heated partisan environment where investigations and accusations often turn out to be unfounded -- until there is evidence in hand that the politician is guilty beyond any doubt . Whether the evidence is a recording of White House conversations  Watergate  or pictures on Twitter  Weinergate  , it 's not usually over before this information actually emerges . The absence of a smoking gun of illegal activity has been very important in this case since , to many Americans , so much of the story -- leaning on politicians , favoring friends and intimidating enemies , making politics a top concern among the staff -- all seem like politics as usual in New Jersey . 2 . Time your scandal well : As with everything else in politics , timing is everything when it comes to scandal . It matters very much when a story breaks . With Christie , the timing was good and bad . The revelations about the bridge began at a real high point for the governor when the media was virtually nominating him to be the Republican nominee on their own . So the impact of negative information was dramatic . But the story also broke a long time before any presidential primaries started . There is a huge amount of time still remaining until the political season really begins . This means that Christie has had some time for the noise to die down and the worst of the coverage , thus far , has taken place when nationally many people are not paying attention . The virtues of the scandal happening early are amplified in a rapid-fire media age where reporters turn their attention to the next big story quickly and the readers and viewers are quick to move on . 3 . Keep governing : Christie has followed the Bill Clinton playbook . When faced with bad press and damaging allegations , keep doing the job that you were elected to do . During the past months , Christie has continued to focus on his work in New Jersey . He has been steadfast in his effort to convey the image of a politician most concerned about the challenges facing the electorate rather than the challenges he faces as a result of the scandal . He has also used his fundraising and appearances with the Republican Governors Association to continue to remind voters and member of the party of the assets that he can bring to the table as a party leader . By doing so , he continues to give the public opportunity to evaluate him a leader in action , rather than just the subject of investigation , and to charge that the accusers are more concerned in scandal than solving problems . 4 . Remind your party that they need you : One of Christie 's greatest virtues is his party . Even with all the problems that President Barack Obama has faced , the GOP remains greatly damaged . The party has suffered in the polls as a result the way in which Republicans have governed in Congress , as well as continued disapproval of President George W. Bush . Many of the possible candidates , such as Rand Paul or Marco Rubio , are untested or have serious potential weaknesses , such as Paul 's noninterventionism at a moment that things are heating up overseas . Christie receives considerable protection just from the fact that Republicans do n't have so many alternatives . Desperate to regain the White House , Republicans have been willing to give him some slack as the story unfolds . To be sure , it is far from clear whether Christie will ever regain the strength he once had . The recent news about a second scandal involving alleged securities laws violations connected to a major road repair might rekindle public interest in his wrongdoing and potentially produce the smoking gun that has not yet emerged . But at this point , Christie is still showing some signs of life and remains a player on the political field . He still has the potential to join the list of politicians who have stared scandal in the face and survived politically . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Julian Zelizer observes how Gov. Chris Christie has remained politically viable The New Jersey governor appears so far to have weathered "  Bridgegate " Republicans need Christie as a candidate and want to win , he says
CNN  You may want to plan a BBC binge-watching party . According to What 's on Netflix Now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like "  Doctor Who " and "  Luther " come January 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and BBC . That would mean missing shows like "  Little Britain " and the original "  House of Cards . " Of course , the "  Doctor Who " fans have already launched a petition to "  save the show " on Netflix . We 've got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . If not , there 's always Amazon Prime .	The contract between Netflix and BBC is reportedly ending "  Luther , " "  Little Britain , " other shows would disappear after January 31 There 's an online petition to save "  Doctor Who "
CNN  -- This year "  will mark a turning point " in Afghanistan and other regions , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Tuesday . In Afghanistan , "  our troops have been able to obviously reduce the levels of violence there . We 've seen the lowest levels of violence there in almost five years there now . They are successful in securing some of the key areas in Afghanistan , " Panetta told reporters during a flight on his overseas trip . He 's visiting Djibouti , Iraq , Turkey and Libya as well as Afghanistan , where war still rages . He arrived Tuesday in Kabul and is meeting with Afghan President Hamid Karzai ; Ryan Crocker , U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan ; and Gen. John Allen , commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . "  Obviously , there is greater success in the Afghan military and police . The Afghan military is engaging in operations , " Panetta said . He said he thinks Afghanistan "  is on a much better track in terms of our ability to eventually transition to an Afghanistan that can eventually govern and secure itself . " The issue of supply routes being cut off from Pakistan is expected to come up during Panetta 's trip . The United States is still sending supplies through the air from the north and south . Pakistan closed NATO supply lines in Afghanistan after a November 27 cross-border strike by NATO that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers . Panetta will meet with Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak and will discuss the American commitment to Afghan security forces , a senior defense official told reporters before the trip . So , far , the official said , all indications and reporting back in the U.S. is that the supplies are still "  in pretty good shape . " Supplies continue to flow in from the north and the stocks that they have on hand in Afghanistan "  are quite ample . " "  This whole trip  will  give the secretary a chance to get a feeling for the situation on the ground , " and the supply routes issue will be a topic of discussion , the official said . In an indication that the freeze on U.S.-Pakistani communications is thawing , Allen , the NATO commander , told reporters he recently talked to Pakistani Chief of Army Staff Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani . Allen said Pakistan will soon send liaison officials back to NATO headquarters in Kabul . Panetta said the "  principal purpose " of his journey is to visit U.S. troops and "  wish them happy holidays and a merry Christmas and happy new year . " "  This is a difficult time for them to be away from their loved ones and it 's important that we go there and express my thanks , our thanks as a nation , for their service and for their sacrifice , " he said . "  We 'll be touching a lot of key places that reflect some of the achievement that have been accomplished over these last 10 years as a result of the sacrifice and service of our men and women in uniform . " He said he 'll participate in a ceremony marking the end of the U.S. combat mission in Iraq at the end of the year . "  This will be a historic moment where we basically enter a new chapter in Iraq , in which we will deal with them in a way that represents the kind of normal relationship we have with other countries in that part of the world , " he said . He said the drawdown of bases and infrastructure has been a "  tremendous achievement . " Panetta said Turkey is now a key ally , both in the Middle East and within NATO . "  They are extremely important to the ability to try to keep what 's happening in the Middle East heading in the right direction . They can have an influence on what happens in Egypt , in Iraq , in Iran , what happens in Syria . They have already taken a strong position to demand that Assad step down , " he said , referring to embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  To add to that the fact that they are willing to accept a defense radar system , I think it 's important for us to work closely with Turkey at this critical time because they can be an important ally and an important influence on the direction in the Middle East . " Libya "  represents kind of the ultimate of what the Arab Spring should be about , " Panetta said , using the term for the uprisings across North Africa and the Middle East this year . He said he 'll pay tribute to the Libyans and offer them support in developing a democracy . He said the NATO mission helped Libyans bring down Moammar Gadhafi 's regime , but now "  that country is headed back to the Libyan people . " "  All is an indication that there are changes going on , " Panetta said . "  This is a turning point that we 've all been a part of . But most of this is due to the sacrifice and commitment of our troops and the great work that they 've  given  over these last few years . "	NEW : Defense Secretary Leon Panetta meeting with officials in Afghanistan Panetta also will pass along holiday wishes to the troops Turkey is a key ally in Mideast , Panetta says Libya represents what the Arab Spring is all about , he says
CNN  CNN  -- The FBI interrogator who bluffed al Qaeda detainees into giving up significant intelligence began his career in an unusual way . Ali Soufan 's fraternity brothers bet him that the agency would never hire a guy like him . A Lebanese-born American studying international relations at a Pennsylvania college , Soufan had just returned to his frat house after talking with a school official about what he should do with his life . It was 1994 . His buddies gave him some good-natured ribbing . They said the agency would mark his application , "  return to sender . " He laughs at the memory , joking that he thought the idea was crazy , too . But Soufan 's nature has always been to take the dare , he writes in his new memoir "  The Black Banners : The Inside Story of 9/11 and the War Against al-Qaeda . " "  I did some research  about the FBI  beyond ` The X-Files , ' " he told CNN.com . He sent in his application . And to his shock , got a letter asking him to report to FBI training . It was the beginning of a storied career in intelligence . During his FBI stint from 1997 to 2005 , Soufan was the lead investigator on major terror investigations such as the October 2000 attack on the Navy 's U.S.S. Cole which killed 17 sailors . He helped the agency investigate the attacks on U.S. Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in the late 1990s , and was a key interrogator of al Qaeda detainees after the 9/11 attacks . Read more about the global security firm he now leads . Soufan 's book details some of those interrogations of al Qaeda operatives , which he says led to the naming of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the mastermind of 9/11 and led to the arrest of alleged dirty bomber Jose Padilla . "  The Black Banners " opens with his earliest memories of growing up in Beirut , Lebanon , clinging to his family 's staircase as bombs exploded outside his home . "  Everybody is scared of things , " he told CNN.com . "  I 'm not scared of the dark . ... I 'm talking about growing up and you do n't have  security  most of the time . You 're not going to be scared of the dark . On a human level , I have a lot of fears , but you live with these fears everyday . " The book weaves vivid , inside details about the war on terror , and asserts that playing "  mental poker " with terrorism suspects is far more effective at making them give up their secrets than being physically aggressive . "  There is a difference between compliance and cooperation , " he said . Compliance can result from torture -- a detainee will do anything to make the rough treatment end . But real cooperation , says Soufan , comes from engaging the detainee after learning everything possible about them . Soufan 's opinion contrasts with the Bush administration 's assertion that waterboarding and other harsh tactics was their best option with several al Qaeda operatives . When Soufan finished training at Quantico in November 1997 , he was assigned to one of the FBI 's busiest field offices in New York . He was the only agent in the office who spoke Arabic at the time ; one of only eight agents in the country who was fluent , he says . A new job is an exciting time for anyone , and Soufan was thrilled and nervous . "  You want to talk about fear ? I was scared , I was nervous on my first day , " he said . "  I thought , really , my God , how the heck did I end up here ? It was fear mixed with excitement , mixed with adventure . " In his first months on the job , Soufan relied on his language ability and his personal interest in the Middle East and North Africa to keep close watch on what mattered in the region . At the time , a Saudi millionaire named Osama bin Laden was consistently making news with his calls for jihad against the West . In early 1998 , the young agent wrote a paper urging the FBI to focus on bin Laden . His bosses noticed and told him about bureau investigations of bin Laden . "  Unfortunately , politicians in Washington did n't want to discuss  bin Laden  , " Soufan said . The young agent attracted the attention of Special Agent John O'Neill , a legendary figure well known in the FBI who ran the New York office . O'Neill took Soufan to dinner . It became a tradition for the rookie and the veteran . They would talk late into the night about al Qaeda and what seemed to both of them to be America 's most significant threat . "  He was the boss of the boss of the boss . John could be a very intimidating individual , " Soufan recalled . "  He saw of me a person who was genuinely hard working . ... These are the things , at least I hope , that he saw in me . He took me under his wing . He taught me a lot , and I am forever grateful . " O'Neill left the FBI in the summer of 2001 , and became the chief of security at the World Trade Center . He died in the 9/11 attacks . By that time , Soufan had been working the Cole case . On September 12 , the agent opened a manila envelope from the CIA containing secret information on men involved in the Cole attack , he said . Soufan said he 'd been asking for the intelligence in the Cole attack repeatedly for more than a year and had not gotten it . And now it was September 12 , 2001 . The information in the envelope linked the Cole attack to 9/11 hijackers . Soufan was stunned . He ran to the bathroom and vomited . "  It was n't easy . It was very hard moment . I hope I will never feel like this again in my life , " he said . He could n't talk to anyone that day about his anguish . His wife only knew that he was in Yemen working the Cole . He could n't tell her anything more . He could n't share anything with his family . But he was haunted . He wondered : If the FBI and the CIA had been more open with sharing intelligence , could the 9/11 attacks been thwarted ? In the years ahead , as the U.S. ratcheted up its campaign against al Qaeda and went to war in Afghanistan and Iraq , Soufan felt more determined than ever . Soufan handled a key interrogation of Osama bin Laden 's bodyguard . Through what Soufan calls "  mental poker , " he got Abu Jandal to unwittingly give up the names of several 9/11 hijackers , he writes in his book . Jandal , Soufan said , opened up to him after the agent engaged him in a long debate about theology . Read an excerpt about the Jandal interrogation "  I never liked any of them  the detainees he interrogated  , " Soufan said . "  I think you have to put your emotions and feelings  aside  . ... You have to have the empathy and knowledge of human nature . That 's No. 1 . No. 2 is you need to learn a lot about your cases and your target . If you 'd put me in an interrogation room with a Chinese spy , I would go nowhere with it because I do n't know the language , the threats . " Soufan said he wants a detainee to think he already knows what they 're hiding , a tactic he learned from watching experienced interrogators . In 2002 , Soufan found himself in another al Qaeda interrogation , this time playing his hand against training camp chief Abu Zubaydah , who had been captured in a Pakistan firefight . Zubaydah was injured in the battle , and Soufan and his partner worked over many weeks to soften the detainee . It was n't working . The terrorist continued to try to lie to his interrogators . So the agent referred back to a detail he had read in intelligence files about Zubaydah . "  I said , ` OK , what if I call you Hani . ' " That was a nickname Zubaydah 's mother called him , according to the terrorist 's files . It seemed like a big turn in the interrogation . Zubaydah believed that his interrogators knew a lot about him . His ability to lie was significantly diminished , but Soufan did n't betray the victory on his face . "  You can not have your ego take the best of you in an interrogation because you have to keep all options on the table , " Soufan said . Zubaydah , Soufan writes in his book , would go on to accidentally give up Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks . The revelation came after Soufan 's partner mistakenly printed a picture of Mohammed . Soufan showed the photo briefly . Zubaydah saw it and startled Soufan when he indicated Mohammed was behind the attacks . Soufan , once again , kept a stoic face . In "  The Black Banners , " much of the chapter Soufan devotes to his time with Zubaydah is blacked out . And for those who might be concerned that the information in his book could be valuable to al Qaeda , it 's important to note that much of what he reports is already extensively published in public record , in the "  9/11 Commission Report , " and in the book "  The Looming Tower , " which won a Pulitzer . "  The Looming Tower " author Lawrence Wright wrote about Soufan in the story "  The Agent " in the New Yorker in 2006 . After the FBI approved a copy , that copy was sent to the CIA which Soufan says ordered the redactions . Most of a chapter called "  The Contractors Take Over " -- which Soufan said details how Zubaydah 's interrogation was taken out of his hands and given to a less experienced interrogator who used torture -- has been blacked out . "  It 's unfortunate , " Soufan said of the CIA 's choice to redact . The redactions do n't change the narrative , said Soufan . "  They did n't take away from the points I 'm trying to make in the book . " Blacking out passages , Soufan suggested , only gives his story more legitimacy . "  You only classify and redact stuff that 's true . You do n't classify and redact stuff that 's not true . "	One of the FBI 's former leading agent 's new book argues against torture as a technique Ali Soufan bluffed significant intelligence from major al Qaeda operatives Soufan : Engaging detainees with ` mental poker ' more effective than violence
CNN  -- Richard Branson loves it , says Wubbo Ockels , former astronaut and creator of the super-fast , super-long Superbus . And he 's not the only one . "  We 've had interest from Las Vegas . We also had interest from Dubai , Abu Dhabi and the Netherlands , " Ockels said . The 15 meter-long  50 feet  Superbus is a new spin on public transport that aims to match the speed and comfort of a train while offering the flexibility and convenience of the car . It has a top speed of 250 kph  155 mph  and Ockels envisions it running on a dedicated highway . But it 's not just high-speed transport from A to B , Ockels says -- the Superbus can also use normal roads at normal speeds . What 's more , it 's powered by electricity , which was central to the vision of its chief designer Antonia Terzi . "  What inspired me was the concept that it was a sustainable , new type of transport , " Terzi said . "  Public transport has to be exciting . You want to say ` well , I have a car but today I 'm going to take the Superbus instead , ' " she added . A former Formula One aerodynamicist , Terzi has incorporated hydraulic cylinders in the design so that the car can sit just 7cm off the ground when traveling at high speed , rising to a height of 43cm when it uses normal roads in towns and cities . Rear-wheel steering helps the Superbus achieve a 24-meter turning circle , going easily around a roundabout , says Terzi . After taking a ride earlier this month , 61-year-old Branson commented on his blog that he thinks the Superbus could take on the train business one day , matching it for speed while trumping its convenience by dropping commuters off at their front door . Ockels says he wanted to create something sexy , and something that makes you feel powerful when you are inside , but most of all something that could compete with the car . He hopes to have the vehicle on the roads within five years .	Richard Branson takes a spin in prototype designed to transform commuting It 's designed to reach speeds of 250 kph and transport passengers in comfort Creator says electric "  Superbus " was designed to make public transport "  sexy "
NEWTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- For Laura Geraghty , April 1 , 2009 , started out just as any other day . It was sunny but cool , she remembers . Laura Geraghty was shocked 21 times before she came back from cardiac arrest with tales of the afterlife . The mother of two , also a grandmother , was at her job , driving a school bus for the Newton Public School District in suburban Boston , Massachusetts . Her passengers , special-needs children , were wheelchair-bound . Seemingly in good health and in good spirits , Geraghty was finishing up her late-morning run , transporting a student and teacher back to Newton South High School , when she realized she was in trouble . As she was pulling into the school parking lot , she began having sharp stomach pains . She was able to park her bus , but she kept feeling worse . The pain "  went right up my arm and into my chest , and I said , ` Uh-oh , I 'm having a heart attack , ' " she said . The teacher ran from the bus to get help . Newton South 's nurse , Gail Kramer , and CPR instructor Michelle Coppola arrived moments later with the school 's new automated external defibrillator . Geraghty , barely conscious , was fading fast . She was weak and having trouble breathing . And then she went into full cardiac arrest . "  Her eyes were wide , and all of a sudden she stopped talking to us , " Coppola said . "  I grabbed the two pads , stuck them on her , started it up , and I 'd say within 20 seconds , she had her first shock . " Coppola and Kramer performed CPR while they waited for paramedics . See an expert give a quick lesson in CPR " At that point , Geraghty says , her body died . She remembers watching the scene unfold -- as if from above . "  I floated right out of my body . My body was here , and I just floated away . I looked back at it once , and it was there . " Geraghty says she saw deceased loved ones , her mother and her ex-husband . "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful . And I remember like , when you see someone you have n't seen in a while , you want to hug them , and I remember trying to reach out to my ex-husband , and he would not take my hand . And then they floated away . " Next , she says , she was overwhelmed by "  massive energy , powerful , very powerful energy . " "  When that was happening , there were pictures of my son and my daughter and my granddaughter , and every second , their pictures flashed in my mind , and then I came back . " What Geraghty had was a near-death experience , fairly common in people who go into sudden cardiac arrest . Geraghty was down for 57 minutes . No blood pressure , no pulse , no oxygen , no blood flow . She was shocked 21 times before she finally came back with tales of the afterlife . According to the Near Death Experience Research Foundation , nearly 800 near-death experiences happen every day in the United States . Dr. Kevin Nelson , a neurologist in Lexington , Kentucky , studies near-death experiences and says they 're not imagined . The explanation , he says , lies in the brain itself . "  These are real experiences . And they 're experiences that happen at a time of medical crisis and danger , " Nelson said . Humans have a lot of reflexes that help keep us alive , part of the "  fight or flight " response that arises when we 're confronted with danger . Nelson thinks that near-death experiences are part of the dream mechanism and that the person having the experience is in a REM , or "  rapid eye movement , " state . "  Part of our ` fight or flight ' reflexes to keep us alive includes the switch into the REM state of consciousness , " he said . During REM sleep , there is increased brain activity and visual stimulation . Intense dreaming occurs as a result . And the bright light so many people claim to see ? "  The activation of the visual system caused by REM is causing the bright lights , " Nelson said . And the tunnel people speak of , he says , is lack of blood flow to the eye . "  The eye , the retina of the eye , is one of the most exquisitely sensitive tissues to a loss of blood flow . So when blood flow does not reach the eye , vision fails , and darkness ensues from the periphery to the center . And that is very likely causing the tunnel effect . " Nelson is doing studies now to prove that the same effect results from fainting . "  The most common cause of near-death experience in my research group is fainting . Upwards of 100 million Americans have fainted . That means probably tens of millions of Americans have had these unusual experiences . " But Geraghty says this was no dream . "  I know I went someplace else . I know I went someplace else other than here . " Dr. Bill O'Callahan , the emergency room doctor who shocked her back to life , agrees . "  Cynics out there would say and agnostics would say that 's phenomenon that comes from a dying brain . I think that 's hogwash . I firmly believe that people experience these events . " Cheating Death : Back from the dead Bob Schriever , co-founder of the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Association , was refereeing a high school football game seven years ago when he went into cardiac arrest , died and was revived . He , too , questions the dream explanation . "  Why are so many people dreaming the same thing ? How can so many people , and there 's hundreds of thousands of people who have experienced this , how can we all be dreaming the same thing and describe the exact same thing ? " Schriever says these experiences are so profound that only someone who has gone through them can truly understand . Seven years later , he is still consumed with his own near-death experience . "  I think about that every morning when I wake up , first thing , during the day , I do n't know how many times and every night before I fall asleep . I think about that . People do not understand or appreciate what we go through . " Scientist uses poison gas to suspend life For Geraghty , it 's a daily struggle to put the pieces back together again . "  I 've been someplace that not everybody can go , and there 's not a lot of people you can sit down and have that conversation with , " Geraghty said . "  My own daughter tells me , ` It 's freaky , Mom . ' I 've literally lost friends over this the minute they hear it . " Tweet your own experience and you could win a copy of "  Cheating Death " Geraghty says she became depressed once she left the hospital because her perspective on her entire life changed . She still gets depressed , she says , and is on medication . "  I actually went to my doctor and said to her , ' I think I 'm losing my mind . This ca n't be really happening , ' you know , and she said it 's OK , it 's very hard to understand when you 've been through an experience like that . " Geraghty has joined the cardiac arrest group , hoping that connecting with others who understand what she 's been through will allow her to come to terms with what happened to her that cool spring day six months ago . And allow her to heal and move on .	Woman whose heart stopped describes "  floating , " seeing dead loved ones "  It was very peaceful and light and beautiful , " Laura Geraghty says Doctor links "  fight or flight reflex , " intense dream state to near-death experiences Those who have experienced it say it has changed their lives
CNN  -- As World Cup openers go , this was about as bad as it gets for Portugal . Thumped 4-0 by Germany , one key defender sent off , another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its World Player of the Year looking decidedly unfit . Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo was n't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent Portugal being steamrollered by Der Mannschaft in Salvador . It started badly for Paulo Bento 's men and got steadily worse as Germany maintained its record of scoring at least four goals in every opening World Cup match since 2002 . Latest World Cup scores They were 1-0 down after 10 minutes when Joao Pereira was adjudged to have hauled down Mario Gotze . Fellow Bayern Munich star Thomas Muller confidently slotted home the penalty . It was 2-0 when Mats Hummels thumped a header into the net from Toni Kroos ' corner . Just five minutes later , Real Madrid defender Pepe tangled with Muller , who sank theatrically to the turf claiming a hand to the face . Pepe then stood over his opponent and pushed his head towards Muller 's , the referee producing a straight red card . Muller then struck just before the interval to put the game well beyond Portugal , pouncing on a loose ball inside the area to fire past Rui Patricio . Portugal made a change at the break , as Ricardo Costa replaced Miguel Veloso , but it made little difference as Germany continued to press home their advantage . Mesut Ozil , who plays for Arsenal , should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at Patricio . With Pepe already off the field , another Portuguese defender joined him -- this time through injury rather than red card -- when Fabio Coentrao pulled up with what looked like a hamstring injury and departed on a stretcher . Germany squandered several counter attacking opportunities before Muller completed a memorable hat-trick on 78 minutes , stabbing a shot into the net after Andre Schurrle 's cross had been parried by the goalkeeper . The 24-year-old was top scorer at the last World Cup in South Africa , netting five goals in six games . He now has 20 goals in 50 internationals for Germany . Ronaldo nearly opened his World Cup account in stoppage time but Manuel Neuer saved brilliantly from his fierce free kick . "  Winning was our only option and the team went out there with that in mind , " Germany coach Joachim Low was quoted as saying by FIFA 's official website . "  Thomas  Muller  did really well in attack and created a lot of space for us . " Iran 0-0 Nigeria Meanwhile in Group F , Iran and Nigeria shared the first draw of the competition in Curitiba . It was the 13th match of Brazil 2014 and it proved unlucky for football fans as it finished in a stalemate . Both teams struggled to create goalscoring opportunities in a drab contest , although Iran missed a golden chance in the first half . Iran 's first corner gave striker Reza Ghoochannejad the chance to open the scoring , but Nigeria goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama stretched to save his near-post header . Nigeria , crowned African champions in 2013 , were expected to win the game comfortably but the "  Super Eagles " failed to seriously threaten the Iranian goal . The result leaves Argentina top of the group after a 2-1 win over Bosnia and Herzegovina on Sunday . Iran faces Argentina on Saturday in Belo Horizonte , while Nigeria travels to Cuiaba to play Bosnia .	Germany thump 10-man Portugal 4-0 in its opening match in World Cup Group G A hat-trick from Thomas MÃ 1/4 ller and another from Mats Hummels settle matters Portugal and Real Madrid defender Pepe sent off after clash with Muller Fabio Coentrao pulls up with an injury that could rule him out of tournament
A Massachusetts man was arrested Friday on suspicion of obstructing the investigation of the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings , authorities said . Khairullozhon Matanov , 23 , of Quincy is charged with "  one count of destroying , altering , and falsifying records , documents , and tangible objects in a federal investigation , specifically information on his computer , and three counts of making materially false , fictitious , and fraudulent statements in a federal terrorism investigation , " the U.S. attorney 's office for Massachusetts said Friday . An indictment against Matanov was unsealed Friday . Authorities say brothers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev planted bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed during a subsequent manhunt that paralyzed Boston . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to killing four people -- including three killed by the bombings -- and wounding more than 200 others . Matanov is not charged with participating in the bombings , but with trying to hide his connection to the Tsarnaev brothers . Outside court Friday , Matanov 's lawyer , Ed Haden , said the indictment was based on "  unsubstantiated allegations . " "  He had no intent to mislead the investigation , " Haden said . According to prosecutors , Matanov knew that investigators would want to talk to him after the bombings , and he allegedly tried to keep the FBI from learning the extent of his friendship and communication with the suspects . Prosecutors said that Manatov did not know about the bombings beforehand , but about 40 minutes after the blasts , invited and bought dinner for the brothers , according to the indictment . According to the indictment , once photos of the suspects were released , Matanov viewed them several times on CNN and on the FBI 's website before trying to reach Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . In the hours and days following the bombings , Matanov contacted and attempted to contact the suspects by phone and saw Tamerlan Tsarnaev at least twice , according to the indictment . Matanov allegedly tried to give away his cell phone to friends and deleted hundreds of videos and documents from his computer and misled police about the extent of to which he knew the brothers . He also hid that he shared the "  philosophical justification for violence " that the Tsarnaev brothers held , the U.S. attorney 's office said . "  In addition to deleting information from his computer , Matanov made a number of false statements to federal investigators , " the office 's statement said . If convicted , Matanov faces up to 20 years in prison for the destruction of evidence charge , and eight years for each of the false statement counts . In separate cases , two friends of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's -- Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov -- pleaded not guilty in September to a superseding federal indictment charging them with conspiracy to obstruct justice and obstructing justice with intent to impede authorities . A third friend , Robel Phillipos , pleaded not guilty to making false statements to FBI agents during the bombings investigation . Phillipos was free on $ 100,000 bond and was being monitored electronically ; Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov , Kazakh nationals , were being held without bail . Authorities accused the trio of helping Tsarnaev after the deadly April 15 , 2013 , bombing by taking items from his dorm room and keeping them from authorities . Attorneys for the men denied the allegations . Timeline : The bombing , manhunt and the investigation Indictment against Boston bombing suspect	Khairullozhon Matanov is charged with destroying evidence in Boston blasts He also faces three counts of making false statements to investigators He is not charged with the bombings , but with trying to hide ties to the Tsarnaev brothers
LAGOS , Nigeria  AP  -- A rebel group that has been attacking oil pipelines in southern Nigeria claimed responsibility on Monday for another strike and said it killed 11 government soldiers in fighting that followed the sabotage . A fire burns following an attack on a pipeline in Nigeria in December 2006 . The Nigerian military confirmed an attack on an oil pipeline and an explosion , but called the claim that 11 soldiers were killed a "  lie " and "  pure propaganda . " The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , issued a statement saying it "  successfully sabotaged another major trunk pipeline " belonging to the Shell Petroleum Development Company in the country 's Rivers State . "  Minutes after the sabotage , our fighters encountered a military gunboat which opened fire blindly on the advance guard . We flanked them in a counter-attack and killed in close combat all the drunken soldiers numbering eleven , collecting their weapons , ammunitions and bullet-proof vests before using dynamite to sink the gunboat with its dead occupants , " MEND said . MEND also said they found two "  traumatized , adolescent girls " who were gang-raped by Nigerian soldiers . "  They were dropped off in the neighboring village by our men who have since returned safely to camp , " the statement said . The military had no immediate response to that claim . Analysts say that one reason for record high gas prices in the United States is a spate of attacks on oil pipelines in Nigeria , the fourth largest supplier of oil to the United States . Exxon and Shell are two of several companies that had been extracting two million barrels of oil a day in Nigeria . Yet rebel attacks on oil pipelines in the Niger Delta have cut overall production by roughly 10 percent -- meaning 200,000 fewer barrels of oil on some days . The rebel group hopes to secure a greater share of oil wealth for people in the Niger Delta , where more than 70 percent of the population lives on less than a dollar a day . MEND has bombed pipelines and kidnapped hundreds of foreign oil workers , typically releasing them unharmed , sometimes after receiving a ransom payment . The Nigerian government has proposed a peace summit to find a solution to the region 's problems , but an immediate resolution does not appear in sight .	Rebel group claims responsibility another strike on a gas pipeline MEND group say it killed 11 government soldiers in fighting following sabotage Group says pipeline belongs to Shell Petroleum Development Company
The five victims in last week 's shooting at a Washington high school were invited to the same lunch table by the shooter . "  It 's our understanding he  invited them  via texting , " Snohomish County Sheriff Ty Trenary told reporters Monday . Witnesses say Jaylen Fryberg , a popular freshman , opened fire Friday in the crowded lunchroom at Marysville-Pilchuck High School , about 34 miles north of Seattle . Fryberg sent a selfie to his ex-girlfriend showing himself holding a gun not long before the attack , a law enforcement official told CNN . It is unclear if it is the same .40 caliber pistol used in the deadly shootings . He killed Zoe Galasso , 14 , at the scene and wounded four others before taking his own life , authorities said . Gia Soriano , 14 , who had been in critical condition with head injuries , died at a hospital , the Providence Regional Medical Center said late Sunday night . "  We are devastated by this senseless tragedy , " Gia 's family said in a statement . "  Gia is our beautiful daughter and words can not express how much we will miss her . " The family will donate her organs . Condition critical Of the other three who remain hospitalized , Shaylee Chuckulnaskit , 14 , and Andrew Fryberg , 15 , are in critical condition . Nate Hatch , 14 , is in satisfactory condition . Andrew and Nate were Jaylen 's cousins . Don Hatch , Nate 's grandfather , told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that the teenager was walking with the aid of nurse when he went to see the youngster Monday morning . "  He just wants to let people know that he 's OK . He 's getting better , " Don Hatch said . Nate Hatch has another surgery scheduled for Thursday and has been told that due to facial injuries he can never play football again . Will there be answers ? Students , parents and school leaders met inside the gym at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Sunday to remember , mourn and talk about ways to move forward . Students and parents were separated for private discussions . "  My feeling is that God knows what happened and I think we all ought to leave it alone and leave it there because I do n't think we 're really going to find out really totally what happened , " Don Hatch said . Hatch said Jaylen 's family is struggling and like everyone else wants to know why this happened . ` It was n't just random ' Investigators in Marysville have not provided details , but students offered up accounts that painted a terrifying , chaotic picture . Fellow student Jordan Luton was finishing his lunch in the cafeteria when he heard a loud bang . He saw Jaylen go up to a table of students , "  came up from behind ... and fired about six bullets into the backs of them , " Jordan told CNN . "  They were his friends , so it was n't just random . " According to a law enforcement source , witnesses said Jaylen pulled the gun out of a black backpack before he began firing . Witnesses described the look on his face as calm , said the source . Teacher 's heroism There may have been more victims but for the bold actions of a young teacher . Megan Silberberger , a teacher , was in a nearby office when she heard the shots , said Randy Davis , president of the Marysville Education Association . "  She ran into the cafeteria and saw students down , " said Davis . Silberberger also saw a gunman . "  She ran towards the shooter , " he said , "  to stop ... and help secure  him  . " Davis would not reveal details of the confrontation . Silberberger declined CNN 's request to be interviewed but issued this statement : "  I am thankful and grateful for the support from everyone . At this time I am requesting privacy . " Trouble reloading A law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that Jaylen was indeed having trouble reloading and that it was because his hands were trembling . Police have not yet said how many shots were fired , but Jaylen had at least one bullet left before the confrontation with Silberberger , because the final shot was the one that ended Jaylen 's life . A Beretta .40 - caliber handgun believed to have been used in the shooting has been traced to Jaylen 's father , according to the source . The sheriff confirmed the weapon was a Beretta , but only said that it was registered and owned by a "  family member . " Authorities are trying to determine how the shooter got the gun , Trenary said . Share your perspective on guns with CNN iReport Grief , disbelief By all accounts , Jaylen was a popular student . Just a week ago , he had been named the high school 's freshman homecoming prince . "  It 's weird to think about , because you see him and he is such a happy person , " sophomore Alex Pietsch said . "  You never really see him be so angry and so upset . ... People were telling me who it was when I was getting in my mom 's car and I was like , ` What ? This is not happening . ... This is crazy . ' It was just surprising to me that him , out of all people , would be the one . "	Jaylen Fryberg sent a selfie with a gun to an ex-girlfriend , law enforcement source says The shooter used text messages to get victims to sit at same lunch table , sheriff says Zoe Galasso died at the scene ; Gia Soriano died Sunday Three students remain hospitalized ; one is up and walking
The Illinois Senate will vote Thursday -- Valentine 's Day -- on whether to legalize same-sex marriage . Because Democrats have supermajority control of the General Assembly , the measure is expected to be approved . After the Senate vote , the measure would be considered by the House . Gov. Pat Quinn , a Democrat , has indicated he would sign the bill . If it is approved , Illinois would be the 10th state , plus the District of Columbia , to legalize same-sex marriage , according to Lambda Legal , a gay rights organization . Three other states are considering similar legalization , said Camilla Taylor , marriage project director for Lambda Legal . A bill has passed the Rhode Island House and has been sent to the Senate . A proposal has been introduced in the Hawaii legislature and another is expected in Delaware , Taylor said . "  All eyes are on us , " said Taylor , who is based in Illinois . "  It 's looking great . We 're very excited about Illinois . " On February 6 , Quinn said that "  marriage equality is a matter of fairness and equal rights under law . " "  We took the first step towards marriage equality two years ago when I signed civil unions into law . Since that day , thousands of committed couples in 92 counties across our state have entered into civil unions , " he said . "  Now is the time for the next step in providing equal rights to all people in Illinois . " Five states , including Illinois , have civil union laws , according to Lambda Legal and the National Conference of State Legislatures . The others are Hawaii , Delaware , New Jersey and Rhode Island . The groups list four states as having some type of domestic-partnership recognition : California , Oregon , Nevada and Wisconsin . Lambda Legal lists Colorado as recognizing designated beneficiary agreements . Twenty-nine states have constitutional provisions banning same-sex marriage , the NCSL says . Polls show that legalizing same-sex marriage is gaining support across the country , although it remains less popular in some Midwestern and Southern states than in the rest of the country . Even Illinois Republican Party Chairman Pat Brady said last month that he supported same-sex marriage and urged legislators to vote for it . The move prompted criticism from conservative Republicans , including state Sen. Jim Oberweis . But Oberweis seemed resigned to Republicans lacking the votes to stop the bill . "  I hope that we resolve this issue sooner rather than later because the state of Illinois has some tremendous financial problems to deal with , which in my view is where we should be concentrating our focus and our time , " he said .	A same-sex marriage law is expected to be approved in Illinois Democrats have supermajority control of the Legislature Gov. Pat Quinn , also a Democrat , says he 'll sign the bill Illinois would become the 10th state legalizing same-sex marriage , plus Washington , D.C.
CNN Student News  -- August 4 , 2011 Go to our home page to download PDF maps related to today 's quiz . Know your news -- Take this quiz to test your knowledge of some summer headlines . Answer the questions using the interactive , multiple-choice quiz above , or write your answers below in the space provided . 1 . Which shuttle landed on July 21 , marking the end of the U.S. space shuttle program ? * * 2 . The British newspaper "  News of the World " shut down after what allegations surfaced about its newsgathering ? * * 3 . "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 " beat which movie 's record for best opening weekend sales ? * * 4 . This summer , the U.S. Congress and the White House held negotiations over the national debt ceiling , which was reached on May 16 . What was the ceiling at that point in time and throughout most of the summer ? * * 5 . What European country was hit hardest by a deadly outbreak of E. coli early this summer ? * * 6 . Which African country split into two on July 9 to form the world 's newest nation ? * * 7 . In late July , the National Football League 's lockout ended after an agreement was reached between owners and players . When did the lockout begin ? * * 8 . What European capital city experienced a deadly bombing attack on July 22 ? * * 9 . Which country won the championship match of the Women 's World Cup on July 17 ? * * 10 . What is the name of Google 's new social media website , which was launched in late June ? * *	Have you been paying attention to the news this summer ? Take this quiz to test your knowledge of some summer headlines The CNN Student News daily program will return on August 15th
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The judge overseeing the Mel Gibson child custody case ordered a probe into the leak of sealed court documents published on celebrity news website TMZ , a lawyer in the case said . The confidential documents "  were stolen probably from the court " and the leaker "  got paid a good deal of money , " said Martin Garbus , an attorney for Gibson 's ex-girlfriend , Oksana Grigorieva . Grigorieva and Garbus discussed the leaks in an interview scheduled to air Wednesday night on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  It 's medical documents , declarations , court opinions , transcripts , everything it seems , " Garbus told King . TMZ has published sworn statements from Gibson , Grigorieva and another witness in the court fight over custody of 1-year-old Lucia . "  They say over 2,000 pages of documents were leaked and the district attorney 's office has started an investigation , " Garbus said . A spokewoman for the Los Angeles district attorney said Tuesday that she was not aware of an investigation . TMZ 's spokeswoman declined to comment on the report of the investigation or the source of the documents . Lawyers involved in the case had copies , but Garbus suggested the leaked papers likely "  came out of the courthouse . " "  Whoever took the files from the courthouse -- it 's 2,000 pages -- certainly got paid a good deal of money , " Garbus said . The judge ordered the probe on Friday , Garbus said . A lawyer for Gibson declined to comment , but a publicist for Grigorieva said the leaks did not come from her side . "  It could be quite terrible because this case could turn into a gossip story , and swayed from what 's important here , " Grigorieva said . "  It 's domestic violence and Lucia at stake . " She has accused Gibson of domestic violence during their breakup earlier this year , while he accused her of extorting him with tapes she secretly made of their arguments . The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department is investigating both accusations . In another development , Grigorieva 's family lawyer , Alan Shifman , stepped aside and has been replaced by Los Angeles attorney Ronald Litz , her publicist confirmed . Gibson and Grigorieva are both scheduled to return to court on Monday .	NEW : TMZ declines to comment on documents ' source TMZ published confidential court files in the Gibson child custody case Gibson 's ex-girlfriend and her lawyer discussed the leaks with CNN 's Larry King Oksana Grigorieva 's full interview will air on "  Larry King Live " Wednesday night
CNN  European counterterrorism agencies scrambled Friday to assess the potential danger of a complex and growing terrorism threat exposed by the arrests of more than two dozen people with suspected links to Islamic extremists . As many as 20 sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people could be ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands , a Western intelligence source told CNN . European Union and Middle East intelligence agencies had identified an "  imminent threat " to Belgium , and possibly to the Netherlands , the source told CNN . "  There is a tremendous amount of concern over sleeper cells in Europe , " said Western official with direct knowledge of the situation . Authorities worry about a rash of copycat attacks throughout Europe , according to the official , who compared the problem to "  a slow-motion car accident happening right in front of us . " Intelligence officials in Europe were trying to determine the nature of the wider threat , a senior European counterterrorism official told CNN . They were monitoring groups of men who have returned from fighting in Syria . It is believed ISIS directed the men to return to Europe to launch attacks in retaliation for airstrikes against the terror group in Syria and Iraq , according to the official . Overall , authorities made 17 arrests related to the Belgium threat -- 13 in Belgium and four at two locations in France . Here are the latest developments related to the terror threat in the West : • The suspected Islamist terrorists who had a shootout with police on Thursday in Verviers , Belgium , have ties to ISIS-linked cells in other European countries , a senior Belgian counterterrorism source told CNN 's Paul Cruickshank . The two suspects who died in the shootout are believed to have fought with ISIS in Syria , the source said . • A total of 122,000 police officers , gendarmes and military personnel are deployed across France as part of the security plan , Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said . • There does not appear to be a command-and-control element to last week 's Paris attacks at the offices of Charlie Hebdo magazine and two additional locations other than a general "  go forward and do something , " the Western official with direct knowledge told CNN . The attacks were "  highly franchised terrorism with general instructions . " • Sectarian turmoil in Yemen is bolstering al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's  AQAP  local recruitment and buying it space for attacks against the West and train the next generation of bomb makers , according to one Western diplomat . • Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , Britain 's senior counterterrorism officer , said additional police patrols were being put in place at Jewish community centers , synagogues and schools . • An 18-year-old woman was arrested at Stansted Airport near London on suspicion of terrorism offenses , London 's Metropolitan Police said on Twitter . • British Prime Minister David Cameron called on his country and the United States to fight the "  poisonous ideology " behind the terrorist attacks that killed at least 17 people in France this month . "  Britain and America both face threats to our national security from people who hate what our countries stand for and are determined to do us harm , " Cameron said at a White House news conference with President Barack Obama . • Obama promised to "  do everything in our power " to assist France in its effort to combat terrorism . • Two people suspected of involvement with the alleged terror cell in Verviers were detained trying to cross from France into Italy through the Frejus tunnel , a spokesman for Belgium 's federal prosecutor 's office said . • Belgian federal prosecutor Eric Van der Sypt said 13 people were arrested in a dozen anti-terror raids . Authorities believed the "  threat of a terrorist attack was very imminent . " • The suspected terror cell , which included people returning from Syria , planned to target police officers , Van der Sypt said . Police said they recovered weapons , bomb-making materials and police uniforms . • Belgium put 150 troops on standby for anti-terror operations . • At least a dozen people were detained in the Paris region overnight in connection with last week 's shootings in Paris , the city prosecutor 's office said . • Two men in their early 40s were arrested in Berlin on suspicion of links to ISIS , police said . They did not appear to have been planning attacks . Berlin police spokesman Stefan Redlich said the investigation had started a year ago ; the police operation planned several weeks ago . • The Netherlands said it was not raising its terror threat level , currently at "  substantial , " the second-highest . "  That means there is a realistic threat , but no concrete or specific information of an attack , " said government spokesman Edmond Messchaert . • The current level of security in Belgium will remain for at least one month and will then be evaluated to determine if it needs to be modified , the country 's prime minister said late Friday . "  From the time we are confronted with an increase in the threat , we went to level 3 on a scale of 4 ; we must mobilize the resources available , " Charles Michel told CNN affiliate RTL . European counterterrorism agencies have been trying to identify and thwart potential threats after the deadly attacks in Paris last week , in which 17 people were killed . Security services are working to track those associated with the attackers : brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi and Amedy Coulibaly . Neetin Karasular , a suspected Belgian trafficker in weapons who met with Coulibaly 's widow , Hayat Boumeddiene , is in custody , Karasular 's attorney , Michel Bouchat , told CNN . Karasular was charged with association with wrongdoers and firearm offenses , in Charleroi , Belgium . But his attorney said the arrest was not connected to the other Belgian raids . Coulibaly , who attacked a kosher supermarket in Paris last Friday , pledged allegiance to ISIS . However , the Kouachis , the men who French authorities say carried out the deadly shooting at the offices of the French satirical magazine , are believed to have had links to AQAP , which has claimed responsibility for the shootings . A European counterterrorism official told CNN that there were indications that ISIS leadership had directed returnees from Iraq and Syria to launch attacks in Europe in revenge for Syria and Iraq airstrikes . The official , who cited France , the United Kingdom and Belgium as countries facing a particular threat , said counterterrorism agencies in Germany are on high alert . Several European nations , including the United Kingdom , France , Belgium and the Netherlands , are participating in the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Paul Cruickshank , Susannah Palk , Lindsay Isaac and Sophia Saifi contributed to this report .	Islamist terrorists in Belgium tied to ISIS-linked cells in Europe , source says Belgium says it targeted a terror cell that was plotting to attack police officers Paris prosecutor 's office says at least a dozen suspects were detained Two men have been arrested in Berlin on suspicion of links to ISIS , police say
East Rutherford , New Jersey  CNN  -- His pick to win the big game may have lost Sunday , but 14-year-old Isaac Lufkin is still smiling after a once-in-a-lifetime trip to the Super Bowl . Isaac and his mom Lori were guests of the National Football League and got to experience America 's premier sporting event behind the scenes as a VIP . We first told you about Isaac last week . He was born without arms , but that has n't stopped him from being place kicker for his Classical High School freshman football team in Providence , Rhode Island . In fact , he helped lead his team to an undefeated 2013 season and the freshman football state title . Isaac 's passion for football is clear , but when you watch him kick it 's more than passion . It 's proof that almost anything is possible . "  I wan na play in the NFL . The  Baltimore  Ravens , " Isaac told CNN as he practiced his kicking on the Classical High School football field . His determination and fiercely independent spirit caught the attention of many people -- including the NFL -- after CNN 's "  The Situation Room " aired his story last week . At MetLife Stadium he got to go on the field before the game to watch the players warm up , he shook hands with superstar actors and was feted in a luxury box . And then President Bill Clinton stopped by to say hello . "  It was the best honor that has ever been bestowed on me , " Isaac said . What did the 42nd president say ? "  He told me I should keep on kicking . " Sounds like good advice . Helping amputee athletes get back on track ` Pity just makes me weaker ' Several doors have opened for the ninth grader . There have been invitations to be on reality shows and kicking camps and football coaches have reached out . And of course , Facebook friend requests that have been so numerous , Isaac says he 's had to set up a second Facebook page . His mother , Lori , told CNN the attention has been "  overwhelming , but in a positive way ... I went from mom who wants everybody to see my son the way I do to OK , mom is super secretary . " Despite all the attention Isaac has gotten , she said , "  He needs to prove to me academically that he can finish high school with a great GPA . Because the only way he is going to play for the NFL is if he does have one , so education is No. 1 right now . " You may wonder why Isaac does n't have prosthetic arms . Dr. Michael Nunnery , who has been Isaac 's prosthetist since he was a toddler , said artificial limbs would n't necessarily improve Isaac 's quality of life right now . Isaac has become so capable and flexible on his own -- able to type , play video games , eat and dress himself with his feet -- prosthetic arms may hinder that . Nunnery says having prosthetic arms would certainly make kicking harder for Isaac by throwing off his balance . As for Isaac , he is adamant he wants to do everything on his own . "  I do n't like pity . Pity just makes me weaker , " he said . He added that he understands if someone wants to pick up his backpack if he drops it , but he 's just going to put it back on the floor and pick it up himself to prove his independence . "  I look forward 20 years and I 'm on my own , and I have my own house , " he envisioned . "  Who 's going to help me ? My mom 's gone . Who 's going to help me ? I 'll just be sitting on my bed in the same clothes . Never being able to brush my teeth or my hair or washing it . No , that 's not a life for me . " Thought - powered bionic arm allows amputee to play piano Not a soccer fan For now , Isaac 's dreaming of finishing his high school football career undefeated for the next three years , then making his way to the NFL . He wants to keep wearing purple , but one day as a player for the Ravens . Isaac lead his division in onside kicks that were recovered this season and he did n't back off on his other kickoffs . Watch game tape and you 'll see him plowing into the scrums to assist on a tackle . He told the Providence Journal , who first reported this story , that he tried soccer and it was n't for him . "  I played a lot of soccer , but I 'm not a good soccer player , " he told the newspaper . "  I 'm too aggressive . I like contact . " He hopes his Classical teammates , and others , will be inspired when they see him out on the field . There are no excuses , he said , no way they can be lazy . "  If I can kick a ball and set it up and do my own thing , then they can do their own thing , " he told CNN . On Sunday , you could see that Isaac wanted to go on the field at MetLife Stadium and have a kick . "  I could n't stop smiling and I still ca n't stop smiling . It 's exciting . Very exciting , " he said . That smiled remained even as he watched the Broncos and Peyton Manning come up short against the Seattle Seahawks . He made a prediction . He would be back at the Super Bowl one day . It might be a good distance down the road , but he was positive he would get there . "  No doubt , " he said . Never say ' I ca n't '	The NFL invited Isaac Lufkin and his mom to be its guests at the Super Bowl Lufkin was born without arms and is a kicker on his high school 's freshman team He says he wants to play in the Super Bowl one day for the Baltimore Ravens Offers poured in from TV producers , kicking coaches after CNN aired his story
CNN  -- Football fans could find themselves sitting in seats made from sugar when Brazil hosts the FIFA World Cup for the first time in 64 years . Brazil has long led the way when it comes to soccer skills , and the country has also shown considerable innovation in developing new technologies . The two worlds may meet in 2014 as one of South America 's biggest chemical companies hopes to show the way forward with its eco stadium solutions . "  What we are doing here is showing the world that we have an alternative . You can produce plastics from a renewable source , " says Fabio Carneiro , Braskem 's commercial director for renewable business . Sugarcane is an abundant crop in Brazil , and the firm hopes that it will provide a competitive edge over its renewable energy rivals . As well as biofuel , it is used to make green plastic -- derived from plant sources rather than carbon fossil fuels such as oil . A landmark deal has already been struck with Amsterdam ArenA , the home of Ajax football club , to first install 2,000 such "  sugar seats " and eventually replace all 54,000 of the existing ones in the Dutch stadium . "  This technology is not really new , it 's a technology from the 1970s , " explains Braskem 's corporate marketing director Frank Alcantara . "  We had , at that time , a lack of ethylene . We developed this kind of technology to develop ethylene from ethanol . This new technology that we are using now was developed about six years ago . We started producing on a commercial basis since last year in September . " The plant in Triunfo in the southernmost state of Rio Grande do Sul is the first in the world to produce ethylene from ethanol and then create green polyethylene , Alcantara says . At this stage it makes up a small proportion of the company 's total output , but -- with 12 stadiums still being built or refurbished -- the World Cup could provide the perfect stage to spur significant expansion . "  We are talking to the people that build the arenas . We want to have the solution in Brazil that we can have sugar seats made from 100 % Brazilian sugarcane . It would be very , very nice for everybody , " Alcantara says . The Amsterdam ArenA group has a partnership with Braskem 's parent company Odebrecht and the multinational Petrobras to develop the renovated Fonte Nova stadium in Bahia state for the World Cup . ArenA chief executive Henk Markerink believes the sugar seats could feature at the tournament as Brazil 's national team seeks a record-extending sixth title and first since 2002 . "  There 's a high probability to do so . The ethanol is a real Brazilian product , and the resources are available in Brazil , " he says . "  This will be a very interesting product for World Cup stadiums . Because it 's a Brazilian product I 'm sure it 'll be supported on the Brazilian side . We hope this product will be pushed as much as possible . " The Dutch group is also working on the new Arena das Dunas venue in the northern city of Natal , which will have an extra year to be completed as it will not be used for the 2013 Confederations Cup event which will also be held in Brazil . While Amsterdam ArenA has the goal of being the world 's first carbon-neutral venue by 2015 , the Brazilian stadiums did not have the same sustainability aims inbuilt when football 's ruling body FIFA awarded the tournament in 2007 . "  But we are trying to get as many elements into those stadiums . One of the things is using rain water in a careful way and also using solar energy as much as possible , " Markerink says . "  The designs for the World Cup stadiums were from 5-6 years ago and we were not involved then . We are trying to retro-fit these things . " He says the Amsterdam ArenA has made big steps to achieving its goals -- changing to recyclable or reusable materials , negotiating deals to use "  waste " energy from local suppliers and becoming independent in part through solar energy . Talks have begun to purchase two big windmills . "  In a day to day situation we can already provide our own electricity ; on match days when we peak in our usage , we have to get energy from the net , " Markerink says . "  In the day we deliver energy to the net . " The ArenA 's model is centered on profitable fulltime operation , meaning the venue is used for concerts and other entertainment events as well as sport . A similar approach is being introduced in Bahia , where the group is showing organizers not just how to build the stadium but also how to run it and sustain it in the long term -- including a deal with the local university to make sure suitable workers will be trained and available . "  One of the concerns always , especially from the government , is that there wo n't be any white elephants left after the World Cup , that stadiums wo n't be used anymore , " Markerink says . "  We are focused very much on a user program so that the stadium in every sense has a place in society . This stadium is in a very interesting city with a lot of music and dance and entertainment and shows . " He says Amsterdam 's main challenge now is to reduce patrons ' reliance on cars to get to the arena . This means promoting public transport , and therefore cutting carbon dioxide levels . One such tactic is combined tickets incorporating travel , match entry and dining options . But for Braskem , the big obstacle is convincing stadium contractors -- the 12 venues are all being built in private-public partnerships with the government -- that green technology is better than traditional means . "  The most important thing with our product is you can put it straight in the processing machines and you do n't need any kind of investment . They do n't have to adapt their machinery , " Carneiro says . Ever-increasing clearance of Amazon rainforest is a big environmental issue in Brazil , but Alcantara says this is not a problem with sugarcane , which ca n't grow properly in such wet climates . "  We still have a lot of land that we can use much better in the way of producing goods , " he says . This has been a landmark year for Braskem 's green arm , with deals agreed with big corporations such as Proctor and Gamble , Danone , Nestle , Tetra Pak and high-end fashion house Chanel . From 2013 Braskem will also be able to produce green polypropylene , which will increase its range of plastics alternatives . In football terms , that could mean deals to provide goal nets "  Once the customer decides and says , ` I 'm just going to buy renewable material , ' we will have the material and we will be able to produce it more , " Carneiro says . "  We still have to develop a lot of technology . We are doing it , we are investing a lot to develop this kind of material . It is much more important that the customer decides they want to go towards this material . " Alcantara says the company will continue to push the cause of fossil fuel alternatives . "  We announced we were going to make polyethanol in 2007 and we did it . We have a very risk-taking culture at our company , so we just announced it and we did it . Now we are ready to do much more . We can fulfil that -- it is a market need , a real one . "	Brazilian company hopes that its "  sugar seats " will feature at the 2014 World Cup Braskem already has a deal with Amsterdam ArenA to install its green plastic chairs Dutch group is also involved with development of two soccer stadiums in Brazil for 2014 Braskem has agreed green deals in European market with several big corporations
CNN  -- The cell phone video stutters as it records the movement of soldiers and Syrian militia on the streets from an upstairs window . A whispered commentary describes the scene . Another video shows vehicles riddled with bullet holes , shattered apartments , glass shards and concrete lumps mixed with patches of blood . In yet another , protesters flee as heavy-caliber weapons fire ricochets off buildings . All are scenes purportedly filmed in recent days in Homs , Syria 's third-largest city . Security forces have sealed off entire neighborhoods ; others are blocked by barricades thrown up by protesters . At night , street rallies take place in areas "  liberated " from government control . The many videos uploaded on social media sites , as well as residents ' accounts , suggest some neighborhoods in Homs -- at the heart of opposition to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad -- are beginning to resemble Sarajevo at the height of the Bosnian civil war . That resistance is now becoming more organized and armed . Army deserters calling themselves the Free Syrian Army are helping with the defense of districts opposed to the regime . Some opposition activists say it 's time for the international community to declare a no-fly zone over Syria , as it did in Libya , to blunt the regime 's overwhelming military advantage .  There is no sign that Western powers are willing to do this . Confrontations are also taking on sectarian overtones that could lead to a wider explosion of communal violence . There have been sectarian shootings and assassinations of prominent local people outside their homes . Residents say the government has begun deploying largely Alawite militia in Sunni neighborhoods such as Khaldiye , Bab Sbaa , Bab DreÃ ¯ b and Bab Amro . Though Syria is majority Sunni , its leadership tends to belong to the Alawite sect . Homs has long been a divided city , with Alawites living in the south and a rapidly growing Sunni population predominant in other neighborhoods . Opposition activists claim that the regime is trying to incite sectarian strife in an effort to divide opponents and show what civil war in Syria might look like . Residents of Homs who recently fled to neighboring Lebanon , and do n't want to be identified due to security concerns , say that sectarianism is neither endemic nor widespread , but admit that tensions between communities are increasing . They say that they want a united Syria but accuse the al-Assad regime of stoking sectarian flames . The unrest is not confined to Homs . There are daily reports of protests , deaths and clampdowns by the security forces in the suburbs of Damascus , in Daraa to the south  where the unrest began in March  , and elsewhere . Army defectors who have reached the relative safety of Lebanon speak of exhaustion after months on the streets , in some cases being ordered to fire on unarmed demonstrators . CNN spoke to one soldier in a hospital in northern Lebanon . "  Too much killing , we were always in the streets , " he said . State media report ambushes of security personnel by armed gangs on a regular basis , though other accounts suggest these ambushes may often be clashes between defecting conscripts and elite units loyal to the regime . Even so , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , Robert Ford , told Reuters last month that the military was still "  very powerful and very cohesive . " Against this background of growing violence , the Syrian economy is suffering -- its oil revenues declining just as government spending spirals . The government has announced spending will increase 60 % in 2012 -- much of it going for subsidies as it tries to tamp down the unrest . Analysts say the state has little chance of improving tax revenues to cover this spending . International sanctions , including those against oil exports and Syrian banks , are adding to the pain . Last week , the European Union followed the U.S. in freezing transactions with the Commercial Bank of Syria , which handles all letters of credit for the regime . The Syrian economy is growing more and more isolated from international trade -- and sources of hard currency . Last month , the Syrian government banned a wide range of imports in an effort to save dwindling foreign exchange reserves , before the economy minister reversed the ban two weeks later "  due to the legitimate demands of citizens , as it had more negative repercussions than anticipated . " Many of those "  legitimate demands " appear to have come from powerful business interests in Aleppo , Syria 's second-largest city and its commercial hub . Its Chamber of Industry had roundly condemned the ban . Just how much Aleppo means to the al-Assad government was illustrated Wednesday , when a large pro-government rally there was broadcast on Syrian TV . Marchers carried the flags of Russia and China -- two countries that have resisted sanctions against Syria . Commentators say keeping Aleppo onside will be critical to the regime 's survival . If the city 's merchants and financiers -- the engine of Syria 's beleaguered economy -- decide that the al-Assad regime is no longer viable , a key pillar of support will crumble . For much of the last seven months , opposition to the regime has been spontaneous and leaderless . Now al-Assad 's opponents seem to be more organized and are opening some important doors . The Syrian National Council , which was formed in Istanbul last month , comprises both representatives of local committees inside Syria and exiled personalities , and includes Islamist and secular strands of opinion . Earlier this week , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu met with members of the Council in Ankara and advised them to work for peaceful change . But with every passing day , the prospect of peaceful change in Syria appears to diminish .	Opposition to the al-Assad regime is becoming more organized and armed Violence is also taking on sectarian overtones Along with the increased violence , the Syrian economy is worsening
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader is attempting to extinguish an annual event celebrating the last days of winter and the Persian calendar year , and the government is strengthening its security presence in the days leading up to a major holiday , Iranian media reported . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Sunday urged Iranians to dismiss the ancient practice of fire jumping and feasting on Chaharshanbe Soori , a festival held on the eve of the last Wednesday before spring -- this year , March 16 . The activities date back thousands of years . The festivities have no basis in Islam , and can cause "  harm and corruption , " Khamenei said in a statement published by Iranian news sites . "  It is appropriate to avoid it , " he said . The celebrations lead up to Norooz , the holiday that marks the first day of spring and the Persian new year . Norooz falls on Saturday this year . Iran is beefing up security to ensure "  order and calm " during the two-week period celebrating Norooz , stationing 200,000 security personnel across the Islamic republic , according to Raja news , the official new site of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . In the eastern city of Mashad , the chief prosecutor said those who engage in "  disruptive behavior " during Chaharshanbe Soori would face "  strong consequences . " It 's a precaution that 's become increasingly commonplace in Iran , especially in advance of holidays , as the government continues to warn against political demonstrations that have emerged since last summer 's disputed presidential elections . Most recently , the Iranian government quashed anti-government protests that brewed in February as the nation commemorated the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution , which marked the end of the country 's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic . In the days that led up to the February 11 holiday , the government mobilized security forces and heightened its warnings , saying it would arrest protesters and hold them until the April 9 end of Norooz . Six protesters who were arrested in December on the Muslim holiday of Ashura were sentenced to death on Monday , the day before Chaharshanbe Soori , the semi-official Fars news agency reported Monday . Their sentences are being reviewed by an appeals court , Fars said . And some 350 inmates at Evin prison have gone on hunger strike to demand that their cases be examined before Norooz , saying their ward is so overcrowded with recent political arrestees that prisoners are in poor health , according to the Committee of Human Rights Reporters , an Iranian group . There were also reports that opposition leader Mehdi Karrubi 's home was vandalized . Karrubi 's Eetemade-Melli  National Trust  party 's Web site , called Saham News , said a group had gathered in front of his house and tossed red paint on the walls of the apartment building . Two weeks earlier , a similar group threw tomatoes and eggs at the building , the Web site said . A video identifying a vandalized apartment building as Karrubi 's was posted on YouTube Monday , showing exterior walls scrawled with the last names of Karrubi , fellow opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi and former President Mohammad Khatami -- all reformists . In some areas , the black spray paint read "  death to Karrubi " and "  death to Khatami . " Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Eyewitnesses in Iran said thousands of riot police and security officers lined the streets of the capital , Tehran , and patrolled major intersections on motorcycles and on foot Monday night . Beginning Saturday , police also set up checkpoints along major roads in Tehran , and vehicles have been stopped and searched from late at night into the early morning hours , witnesses said . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Ayatollah Ali Khamenei tries to stop annual event celebrating the last days of winter He urges Iranians to avoid ancient practice of fire jumping , feasting on Chaharshanbe Soori He says festivities have no basis in Islam and can cause "  harm and corruption " Iran is beefing up security to ensure "  order and calm " during the two-week festivities
CNN  -- Vladimir Putin 's gala address before Russian parliamentarians and officials Tuesday surprised no one when he announced Russia 's annexation of Crimea . The interesting part was his distorted view of Russian history , and his proclamation that a bizarre kind of simultaneously aggrieved and aggressive hyper-nationalism is now Russia 's official ideology . In discussing Ukraine , however , Putin seemed to go out of his way to suggest he had no aggressive intentions and was not planning to divide the rest of the country . Listening to Putin , one could easily forget that Russia is and for many centuries has been the largest country in the world and that it acquired its territories by imperialist expansion often accompanied by genocide and ethnic cleansing . Instead , Putin prefers to see Russia as having been permanently on the defensive , a victim of both Western and Communist machinations : "  In a word , we have all the reasons to believe that the notorious policy of containing Russia , which was pursued in the 18th , 19th and 20th centuries , is continuing to this day . "  They are constantly trying to drive us into some corner , because we have an independent position , because we defend it , and because we call things by their names and are not hypocrites , " he said . After the Russian Revolution of 1917 , according to Putin , it was the turn of the Bolsheviks to aggrieve Russia . Putin conveniently ignores that the vast majority of Bolsheviks were Russian and that the party Lenin founded was institutionally Russian as well . No matter . Putin says : "  The Bolsheviks , for a number of reasons -- may God judge them -- added large sections of the historical South of Russia to the Republic of Ukraine . This was done with no consideration for the ethnic makeup of the population , and today these areas form the southeast of Ukraine . Then , in 1954 , a decision was made to transfer Crimean Region to Ukraine . ... What matters now is that this decision was made in clear violation of the constitutional norms that were in place even then . " Once again , Putin 's historical myopia is breathtaking : Nikita Khrushchev 's decision to grant Crimea to Ukraine was as constitutional as anything any Soviet Communist leader did in the entire period of the USSR 's existence . The Soviet Union rested on illegality and the systemic violation of human and civil rights . If Khrushchev was wrong , then that 's only because the USSR was wrong and should never have been created in the first place . Unsurprisingly , there is no room in this narrative for the nation that Russian imperialism almost managed to annihilate -- the Crimean Tatars . Russia conquered the Crimean Tatar khanate in 1783 . Afterward , the Russian authorities forced the Tatars out of their ancestral homeland and replaced them with settlers from Russia . Tens of thousands of Tatars died or were killed ; some two-thirds had to leave the Crimea . In 1944 , the ethnic cleansing was completed when Stalin expelled the entire Crimean Tatar population -- about 200,000 people -- to Uzbekistan and some other Soviet regions . About half died on the way . It was only in the late 1980s that they began returning to their homeland to find that their land and their homes had been occupied by Russian settlers . Instead , Putin primarily explains why Crimea matters to Russia : "  The graves of Russian soldiers whose bravery brought Crimea into the Russian empire are also in Crimea . This is also Sevastopol -- a legendary city with an outstanding history , a fortress that serves as the birthplace of Russia 's Black Sea Fleet ... symbolizing Russian military glory and outstanding valor . " And what of the Crimean Tatars ? Here 's Putin : "  True , there was a time when Crimean Tatars were treated unfairly , just as a number of other peoples in the USSR . There is only one thing I can say here : Millions of people of various ethnicities suffered during those repressions , and primarily Russians . " The mendacity is astounding . The Crimean Tatars were not just "  treated unfairly " by some vague force . They were subjected to genocide by a Russian totalitarian empire . Russians also "  suffered , " but the brunt of the suffering fell , as Yale historian Timothy Snyder describes in "  Bloodlands , " on Poles and Ukrainians . Despite all this victimization , Putin 's speech loudly asserts that Russia is back : It 's mad as hell and it wo n't take being humiliated anymore . This Russia , the new Russia , is both victim and bully : "  Today it is imperative to end the hysterics and to renounce the rhetoric of the ` Cold War , ' and to recognize an obvious thing : Russia is an independent and active participant in international life , and it has , like other countries , its national interests , which must be acknowledged and respected . " And then , remarkably , Putin adopts a conciliatory tone with respect to Ukraine . Naturally , he first denounces the new democratic government as illegitimate and in the thrall of imaginary fascists and asserts Russia 's obligation to help defend Russians and Russian speakers from their supposed assaults and predations . Here 's the soft and fuzzy Putin : "  I appeal to the people of Ukraine . I sincerely want you to understand us : Under no conditions do we wish to bring you harm , to insult your national feelings . We have always respected the territorial integrity of the Ukrainian state . ... "  Do n't believe those who terrify you with Russia , who shout that other regions will follow Crimea . ... We want Ukraine to be a strong , sovereign and self-sufficient state . ... We want peace and amity to come to the land of Ukraine , and together with other countries we are ready to provide full cooperation and support to that end . But I repeat : Only the citizens of Ukraine are able to bring order to their own home . " If these words were sincere , then they may mark a significant departure from the war-mongering rhetoric Putin employed at his March 4 press conference , where he stated he "  was n't worried " by war with Ukraine . Indeed , if sincere , Putin has clearly stated that he will not invade the rest of Ukraine and attempt to annex some of its southeastern provinces . Is Putin being truthful , or is the speech a smoke screen for further aggression ? We do n't know , of course , but now that Putin has gone on record as having nothing but peaceful intentions toward Ukraine , the international community would do well to remind him of that whenever the temptation to rattle sabers on Ukraine 's borders and foment trouble in Ukraine 's southeast proves too strong for him to resist . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alexander J. Motyl .	Alexander J. Motyl : Putin describes both an aggrieved and aggressive Russia Motyl : He rewrites history , portraying Russia as a victim of the West and Communists Motyl : Putin says Russia has the right to be a bully , dismisses its previous abuses Motyl : West must hold him to his statements that he wants peace with Ukraine
CNN  -- Khaled Abdel Nasser , son of late Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser and a key figure during a 1980s Egyptian revolt , is dead , a spokesman for the Egyptian general prosecutor said Sunday . He was 62 . Nasser was battling liver disease and went into a coma two weeks before his death on September 15 , said Adel Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman . He was accused of organizing a revolt against Egypt 's peace treaty with Israel , signed in 1979 , and also grabbed headlines after being tried in connection with the deaths of two Israeli diplomats in Egypt . He was eventually acquitted . The late president 's eldest son was an engineering professor at Cairo University and had lived in Yugoslavia . Nasser was married to Dalia Fahmy , the sister of former oil minister Sameh Fahmy , who is currently facing trial for alleged corruption involving the exportation of gas to Israel .	Khaled Abdel Nasser was the oldest son of President Gamal Abdel Nasser He was accused of organizing a revolt in Egypt in the 1980s He tried and acquitted in connection with the deaths of two Israeli diplomats in Egypt
Pope Francis has told a senior Vatican official to "  act decisively " against sexual abuse and carry out "  due proceedings against the guilty , " the Vatican announced Friday . Francis last month took the helm of a Roman Catholic Church that has been rocked in recent years by allegations of priests sexually abusing minors . Francis recommended that the Church 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith "  act decisively with regard to cases of sexual abuse , first of all by promoting measures for the protection of minors , as well as in offering assistance to those who have suffered abuse , carrying out due proceedings against the guilty , " the Vatican said . The statement does not specify who "  the guilty " are . But in recent years , priests , nuns and other people connected to the Catholic Church have been accused of sexually abusing children . Catholics : 5 ways for Francis to move forward His instructions to move decisively , "  continuing along the lines set by Benedict XVI , " came in an audience with Archbishop Gerhard Ludwig Muller , the prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith -- or the Vatican 's main doctrinal enforcer . Benedict held that role before he became pope . Francis called for the Church hierarchy to "  formulate and implement " the necessary directives to address an area he described as "  so important " to the Church 's credibility and worship . The pope said that the "  victims of abuse are present in a particular way in his prayers for those who are suffering , " the Vatican said . It 's the first time Francis has publicly addressed the issue since becoming pope . Opinion : Next pope must tackle sex abuse ` Victims need action ' The U.S.-based group SNAP , or the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , reacted with skepticism to the news from the Vatican . Barbara Dorris , victims outreach director for SNAP , said there was a need for action rather than words . "  Once again , as has happened hundreds of times already , a top Catholic official says he 's asking another top Catholic official to take action about pedophile priests and complicit bishops , " she said in a statement . "  Big deal . " The new pope should be ordering a change of track rather than a continuation on the same course , Dorris said . "  It 's tragic that Pope Francis is asking a top aide to stay on the irresponsible path charted by Pope Benedict , " she said . "  It 's tragic that a pope who 's shown a willingness to send signals that hint at change in several ways is not signaling that he wants no change in how the church deals with child sex crimes and cover ups . " She called for concrete action to protect vulnerable children , "  not old vague pledges that help a widely-discredited institution protect its reputation . " 5 things to know about the new pope Benedict XVI said many times that abusers should be prosecuted , but was accused by SNAP and other victims ' groups of doing too little . He stepped down as pontiff at the end of February . Benedict spoke with some victims of sexual abuse by priests on papal visits to countries including the United States and the United Kingdom , where he expressed his "  deep sorrow " over the scandal . The Vatican selected those whom he met . Members of SNAP in Illinois have asked Francis to meet with survivors of abuse by priests . Last month , one alleged victim of priest sex abuse in Los Angeles , Michael Duran , urged Francis to give Catholics new hope and make priests and cardinals accountable for their actions in cases where children have been sexually abused by clergy . Duran said he was sexually abused for three years by a Los Angeles Archdiocese priest beginning in 1983 , when Duran was 11 . The priest has since been defrocked and a lawsuit against him and the archdiocese has been settled .	Victims ' group calls for action not words , says Francis should take a new path Francis calls on the Church hierarchy to "  act decisively " against sexual abuse He urges measures to boost protection for children , the Vatican says The Catholic Church has been rocked by claims of priests sexually abusing minors
The Dutch man suspected in the 2005 disappearance of Natalee Holloway has sued the Chilean government for more than $ 13 million , alleging his human rights were violated when Chile extradited him last year to Peru to face charges in the death of a Peruvian woman . "  The lawsuit is against the Chilean government , for having violated Joran van der Sloot 's basic human rights , " his Peruvian lawyer Aldo Cotrina told In Session . The suit was filed September 4 with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights in Washington . "  Maybe they wo n't accept my analysis in Peru , because they feel this is the way things have always been done , " said Cotrina , who is based in New York . "  But I believe there are universal human rights and we have to respect those rights . We ca n't say that because someone is accused of killing a person , you can violate all their rights . " Cotrina said van der Sloot 's former attorney , Maximo Altez , contacted him in July 2010 about the complaint , and the two men met the following month to begin researching grounds for the lawsuit on the basis of their claim that van der Sloot 's human rights had been violated in June 2010 , when Chile expelled him to Peru . Cotrina said he expects to complete next week a similar document , to be filed against the government of Peru . Van der Sloot , 24 , faces a trial on murder and robbery charges that is set to begin January 6 in Peru . He is accused of killing 21-year-old Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room last year . Police say he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . The 13-page lawsuit says an international arrest warrant had not been filed against van der Sloot , but he was arrested by Chilean authorities anyway . But documents from Peru 's Ministry of Interior indicate that the Peruvian police had requested his arrest ; Interpol authorities in Chile and Peru were contacted , as was Chile 's Ministry of Interior . The lawsuit further alleges that van der Sloot was not given enough time to appeal his expulsion from Chile , and that that failure was a violation of his basic human rights . But correspondence between Chile 's Ministry of Interior and Peru 's Ministry of Interior indicates that officials from both ministries considered that van der Sloot 's expulsion was legal under the Southern Common Market  Mercosur  treaty , which allows for international cooperation in matters of criminal activity . The documents were obtained by In Session on TruTV , which is a sister network to CNN . The resolution to expel van der Sloot from Chile , which was approved by the Chilean government , cites a police report as having been filed on May 13 , 2010 . Van der Sloot 's lawyer points out that his client did not even enter Chile until May 31 . The lawsuit refers to the apparent typo as evidence that Chilean and Peruvian officials were violating the Dutch man 's rights . The lawsuit adds that Chilean police did not give van der Sloot the opportunity to call or use a computer to contact relatives , did not give him legal representation and did not give him a translator -- all putative violations of his rights . Interpol documents obtained by In Session indicate that van der Sloot voluntarily gave a statement in English to Chilean police in which he said that he and Flores had been attacked in Lima and that he fled fearing for his life . Van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway , the Alabama teenager who vanished in May 2005 while on a graduation trip to the Caribbean island of Aruba . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , which remains unsolved . He also faces extradition charges to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted van der Sloot on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother . He was given $ 25,000 , and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru and participate in a poker tournament , where he met Flores .	Lawyer alleges violations of Joran van der Sloot 's civil rights The 24-year-old Dutch man face murder trial next year in Peru He is also a suspect in the disappearance of Natalee Holloway
At a college reunion , it 's common for alumni to share post-collegiate achievements with each other . But a report compiled for this year 's 50th reunion class at Harvard University contained an unusual entry . Ted Kaczynski , the so-called "  Unabomber " and Harvard alumnus , listed his eight life sentences for a string of bombings that killed three people and wounded 23 others as an "  award " in the class of 1962 report . The Harvard Alumni Association said in a statement Thursday that they "  regret publishing Kaczynski 's references to his convictions and apologize for any distress that it may have caused others . " The Boston Globe published an apparent photo of the entry , which lists Kaczynski 's occupation as "  prisoner " and his address as "  No 04475-046 , US Penitentiary-Max , P.O. Box 8500 , Florence , CO 8126-8500 . " In the section where alumni list their awards , Kaczynski 's entry reads : "  eight life sentences , issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California , 1998 . " Kaczynski 's entry was published in a class reunion report , which was distributed in advance of the 1962 reunion . All members of the class who submit their own entries are included in each year 's report , according to the alumni association . Kaczynski was arrested in 1996 and pleaded guilty in 1998 for sending bombs through the mail from 1978 to 1995 .	Ted Kaczynski , the so-called "  Unabomber , " listed his eight life sentences as an "  award " The entry was listed in the Harvard class of 1962 alumni report The Harvard Alumni Association say they "  regret publishing Kaczynski 's references "
CNN  -- Brazil coach Dunga has been sacked after their shock World Cup quarterfinal exit to the Netherlands . His side were beaten 2-1 on Friday after taking a first half lead and looking set to secure a place in the last four . "  The cycle of work started in 2006 and which culminated with the elimination of Brazil in the World Cup in South Africa is finished , " said a statement on the official website of Brazilian football Confederation  CBF  . "  The CBF announces the dismissal of the technical commission of the Brazilian team . The new commission will be announced at the end of July . " Dunga , 46 , who skippered Brazil to the 1994 World Cup , had been national team coach since 2006 and led them to a Copa America triumph the following year . Despite his successful record , they also topped South American qualifying for the World Cup , Dunga had come under criticism at home for his side 's alleged lack of attacking flair . And after the Port Elizabeth defeat to the Dutch , he indicated he would be standing down . However , on his arrival home on Sunday , Dunga did not rule out staying in the job . "  I am going to rest before meeting , in one or two weeks ' time , the president of the CBF , Ricardo Teixeira to talk about it  extending his stay in charge  , " Dunga told a news conference , but his optimism was misplaced . With Brazil hosting the World Cup in 2014 , Dunga 's successor is obviously key and local media have already made Luiz Felipe Scolari the favorite . Scolari guided Brazil to their fifth World Cup triumph in 2002 , but was less successful in his spell with English Premier League Chelsea where he was sacked . He is currently coaching at Brazilian club side Palmeiras . The Brazilian team received a hostile reception on their return home , with much of the fans ' anger directed at Felipe Melo , who scored an own goal against the Dutch and was also sent off .	Brazil coach Dunga sacked after their World Cup exit to Netherlands Brazil lost 2-1 in quarterfinals to end their dream of sixth World Cup triumph Dunga heard the news shortly after he returned with team from South Africa
CNN  -- Whoever came up with the phrase "  location is everything " when it comes to real estate must have had Malta in mind . This tiny island nation sits in the middle of the Mediterranean , about 60 miles south of Sicily and 180 miles east of the African coast at Tunisia . The result is that anyone who was anyone visited , settled , invaded or conquered this prime piece of land . And with each leaving their mark , a visit to Malta is truly a journey through the region 's history . The Republic of Malta is actually three islands . The country 's name comes from the largest of the three ; to the northwest of that is Gozo , and in between them is Comino . And tiny really means tiny . At only 122 square miles  316 square kilometers  , the total area of the country is about one-tenth the size of Rhode Island , by far the smallest of the United States . London , New York , Tokyo -- each of these metropolitan areas is bigger than Malta . That compactness , coupled with an extensive bus system , lets you see the best of what it has to offer with ease . Begin your journey through the millennia with the stone temples at Ħaġar Qim and Mnajdra , on the southern coast . Construction on these sites started around 3600 BC , making them centuries older than the best guesses we have for England 's Stonehenge . And the temples are every bit as mysterious , since it is not clear how or why they were built . The structures are n't as massive as their English counterpart , and they lack the graceful symmetry . Yet walk among the exposed chambers -- with the sea just beyond the cliffs -- and you know that the generations who built these temples believed they were constructing something for the ages . It is here that you start to get a sense of what sets a journey to Malta apart from Europe 's more visited travel destinations . Ħaġar Qim and Mnajdra are just two of seven ancient temples that make up a UNESCO World Heritage site described by a leading prehistorian as "  the oldest free-standing monuments in the world . " These sites represent just one epoch of many you will find on your trip . Travel seven miles  11 kilometers  to the east -- and skip forward more than 2,000 years from the time the stones for those temples were laid -- and you will be standing where the first seafaring Phoenicians arrived on Malta from the eastern end of the Mediterranean . To this day the village of Marsaxlokk is a key port for the country 's fishing industry , seen in the market held every Sunday and in the seafood restaurants lining the harbor . But look closely at the colorfully painted traditional fishing boats known as luzzu bobbing gently on the water , and you ca n't help but notice how they are still painted with the Eye of Osiris , a custom said to have been handed down by the Phoenicians to ward off evil . From Marsaxlokk head northwest 10 miles  16 kilometers  inland toward the walled city of Mdina , which sits on one of the highest plateaus on the island . Just outside the main gate of this walled city is the Domus Romana , or "  Roman house . " Here we have moved forward another thousand years to when Malta was part of the Roman Republic . The Roman House is a museum built on the excavated ruins of a nobleman 's home , dating back to sometime shortly after 100 B.C. . While the museum on the main floor houses a respectable collection of artifacts , it is the excavated floors of the villa -- among the finest mosaics uncovered anywhere in the former empire -- that will astonish you . As for Mdina itself , the city 's name comes from the Arabic word simply meaning "  the city , " which belies its status as the former capital of Malta . A millennium after our Roman nobleman walked across his tiled floors Malta was part of the Fatimid Caliphate -- a form of government based on the tenets of Islam -- that stretched across northern Africa and into the Arabian Peninsula . It was during this period that the moat and walls that surround Mdina were first constructed . With few vehicles permitted today inside its gates , a walk through the narrow stone alleys of Mdina makes it clear why it is known locally as "  the silent city . " For one of the best views anywhere on Malta , make your way to the upper terrace of the Fontanella Tea Garden restaurant . On a clear day over a cup of coffee you can see practically the entire island . While the island nation has changed hands countless times over the ages , the influence that is most widely felt in Malta today did n't come from an invading empire , but from a group known as the Knights Hospitallers , later the Knights of Malta . This order was first set up to run a hospital in Jerusalem for pilgrims who traveled there and eventually developed into a religious and military order . When Islamic forces pushed them out in 1291 , the Knights re-established themselves first in Cyprus and then in Rhodes before arriving on Malta in the 16th century . It was in those first decades on the island that the Knights of Malta built the current capital , Valletta , following an unsuccessful siege by Ottoman forces . With its impenetrable stone walls and regular battle towers surrounding a regular grid of streets , the entire city stands as tribute to the order 's military and engineering prowess . Within the battlements , the interiors of churches such as St John 's Co-Cathedral , completed in 1577 , are among the most ornate that you will find anywhere . These monuments , like those reaching back into prehistory , outlasted both their creators and those who followed to lay their own claim to Malta . The Knights were forced out by the French , when Napoleon invaded in 1798 , who were expelled a couple years later by the British . World War II saw a failed attempt by Axis powers to bomb the country into submission . Independence came in 1964 . Today Malta , still as staunchly Catholic as it was under the Knights , is content to take its place as part of the European Union . A trip to Malta is not merely a walk through a living history book . Along the way are stunning natural formations , like the Blue Grotto on the southern coast near the village of Żurrieq . When the weather permits and seas are not too choppy , boats take visitors to the 140-foot-high natural stone arch and surrounding caves . Of course , on an island this small you are never far from the coast , though sun seekers often head to the beaches of the northern resort of Mellieħa to soak in the rays . The cafés and wine bars of modern-day Valletta make you feel like you 're in southern Italy , as will much of the cuisine . The nightlife at the clubs in St. Julian 's , just north of Valletta , can hold its own against just about anything the rest of Europe has to offer . Prices for hotels and restaurants overall are less than on mainland Europe , especially in the off-season , and the bus system on Malta makes getting around simple and affordable . Full-day tickets are only $ 1.50  about $ 2 .  You can get pretty much anywhere from the main terminal just outside the Valletta city gate . No matter where you go and what you see , Malta 's unique spot -- in the Mediterranean and in history -- is felt everywhere .	The island nation of Malta blends thousands of years of culture Seven ancient temples date back more than 5,000 years Roman , Phoenician , Islamic and Catholic influences are evident
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Opponents of controversial plans to use hybrid human-animal embryos for research spoke out Tuesday , calling the practice unnecessary , unnatural , and reprehensible a day after British lawmakers voted to allow it . Advocates of hybrid cells say animal eggs from which a nucleus has been removed are simply "  empty shells . " The British parliament debated the issue Monday as part of its discussion of the Human Fertilization and Embryology Bill , which will update legislation on reproduction and embryos . "  Crossing the species barrier in this way is deeply , deeply reprehensible , undesirable , " said Josephine Quintavalle , a bioethicist who founded Comment on Reproductive Ethics  CORE  . The research involves emptying an animal egg and filling it with human cells . The resulting embryo is allowed to develop for 14 days -- during which time scientists harvest the stem cells -- before being destroyed . Scientists hope working with those stem cells will lead to treatments for serious conditions like motor neuron disease , Parkinson 's , and Alzheimer 's , and they say using hybrids overcomes the shortage of human embryos . "  The use of animal eggs will provide a valuable resource to embryo research scientists , " argued Public Health Minister Dawn Primarolo . Lawmakers were allowed to vote according to conscience and the legislation passed comfortably , though not without opposition . "  If an embryo could talk , perhaps it would echo what Mary Shelley did say in ` Frankenstein ' : ` I , the miserable and the abandoned , an abortion to be spurned out and kicked and trampled on , ' " Conservative Party lawmaker Edward Leigh told parliament . Supporters of the research dispute the numerous "  Frankenstein " references and say it does not create monsters . Stephen Minger , director of the stem cell biology lab at King 's College in London , said the practice begins with the removal of an animal egg 's nucleus , which contains all of the chromosomes , thereby stripping the egg of its "  species identity . " "  It 's an empty shell , " Minger said . "  By putting a human cell -- not just a nucleus , but in our case an intact human cell -- into the egg , you confer a human genetic identity onto that . " The approved bill creates a legal framework for the scientific research on hybrid embryos . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown feels so strongly about the benefits of the research that he wrote a column Sunday in The Observer newspaper calling it an "  inherently moral endeavor , " but ethics groups and others disagree . "  I think we all know that we do n't reproduce with animals , " Quintavalle said . "  Humans do not reproduce with animals . Whether it 's done in the laboratory or not does n't make it right . " Quintavalle urged the government and the scientific community to wait until a new method of research emerges which does not mix animal and human genetic material . Human Genetics Alert , a secular independent watchdog , said it found defects among existing hybrid embryos which raise doubts about whether mixed embryos can produce useful stem cells . "  I 'm very , very unimpressed with the scientific case for doing that , " said David King , a former molecular biologist who now heads the HGA . "  The science is so weak and the ethical concerns are so significant , I think you have to weigh that . " The scientific arguments in favor of the research have been "  overhyped , " King said , and offer no hope of a cure for those suffering with genetic disorders . "  Very little , I think , will come out of it and I think hopes are being raised that will be cruelly disappointed , " King said . The Human Fertilization and Embryology Bill was drawn up in 1990 , when science and government were unaware that current hybrid-embryo developments were possible , a spokeswoman for the Department of Health told CNN . The original bill did allow the mixing of human and animal eggs , but only for the purpose of testing the fertility of human sperm , said the spokeswoman , who declined to be named in line with policy . The practice was known as the "  hamster test " because hamster eggs were used . The revised bill now allows hybrid embryos for further research but specifies they may not be placed in a woman or an animal , the spokeswoman said . Also , those using the embryos must prove that the use is for research , and that use of an embryo is necessary , she said . Creating hybrid embryos is not the only way to develop useful stem cells , said Minger . A new method called pluripotency , developed in December , allows scientists to turn adult cells into something resembling an embryonic stem cell , he said . Pluripotency , however , requires extensive genetic manipulation of the cells and yields few that are of use to research , Minger said . "  We will pursue that  research  but it 's just too early to know which is the best approach , " Minger said . "  Most rational scientists would say we need to proceed down as many tracks as possible because we just have no idea what 's going to lead to the best benefit . " CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	UK lawmakers approve bill allowing use of hybrid embryos in stem cell research Opponents describe controversial technique as "  deeply , deeply reprehensible " Advocates say use of animal embryos helps overcome shortage of human embryos Scientists say stem cells have potential to cure conditions such as Parkinson 's
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration on Monday announced a 20-year ban on new mining claims on more than 1 million acres of public land near the Grand Canyon , a move meant to protect the iconic landmark from new uranium mining . Previously approved operations will be allowed to continue , as will new projects on valid existing claims . "  People from all over the country and around the world come to visit the Grand Canyon . Numerous American Indian tribes regard this magnificent icon as a sacred place and millions of people in the Colorado River Basin depend on the river for drinking water , irrigation , industrial and environmental use , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . "  We have been entrusted to care for and protect our precious environmental and cultural resources , and we have chosen a responsible path that makes sense for this and future generations , " he added . The administration said the move will give officials more time to monitor the impact of uranium mining on the vital watershed , and in the mineral-rich area in general . Conservation groups cheered the decision , which was slammed by Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer and Sen. John McCain . "  This is a great day for Grand Canyon National Park and all those who care about the park and the surrounding public lands and waters , " said Sandy Bahr , Grand Canyon chapter director of the Sierra Club , a California-based environmental organization . "  Today 's decision protects not only the area around the Grand Canyon , but water that helps feed the Colorado River , which provides drinking water for millions of people downstream . " Brewer similarly stressed the significance of the park , but argued the move will needlessly cost Arizona jobs and stall economic growth . "  The 20-year ban comes at the expense of hundreds of high-paying jobs and approximately $ 10 billion worth of activity for the Arizona economy , " she said . "  Nobody wants to see it  the Grand Canyon  harmed . But I believe that environmental protection and economic growth are not mutually exclusive . We could and should have both . " The Grand Canyon National Park is a major tourist attraction in Arizona ; close to 5 million people visit it each year . McCain , speaking Sunday before the ban 's official announcement , said he had expected the decision and was disappointed . "  It 's clearly another victory for the radical environmental community , " he said .	The 20-year ban affects more than 1 million acres of public land The area is rich in uranium Environmentalists cheer the decision as a way to protect the park and water supplies Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer says it will stall economic growth
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo as rebel troops attacked government forces in the area , the U.N. refugee agency said . Refugees move along a road Tuesday in Mugunga , near Goma , in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A press release from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it did n't appear rebels had targeted the camps , but it reported some were looted after camp residents , classified as internally displaced persons , fled . Roads to Goma , about 10 miles from the camps , were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting , the UNHCR reported . Torrential rain made the movement even more difficult . "  The main road toward Sake was crowded with people ; we had difficulties getting through , " UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo was quoted as saying in the agency 's release . "  Internally displaced people are moving from site to site , direction Goma . " UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said , "  They have been living in extremely difficult conditions anyway . Now they have nothing but what they can carry . " Redmond added , "  These are people in poor health ; they are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours . They need shelter , they need water , they need a lot of assistance so we 're going to have to move quickly to get that help to them because a lot of them are already in a weakened state . " While the Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack , a Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation , according to a report from the Integrated Regional Information Networks , a U.N.-affiliated news service . The spokesman , Bwambale Kakolele , said Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack , that report said . A spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo said it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi , according to the U.N.-affiliated news service . "  We think it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked , but we can not rule out the -LSB- Rwandan rebels -RSB- , " spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron was quoted as saying . The UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I , Mugunga II , Lac Vert and Bulengo , saying about 28,000 had abandoned the first three camps and about 2,000 had left Bulengo . The UNHCR said 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year . In the past two months alone , 160,000 have fled their homes amid the fighting between renegade troops and government forces , the agency said . North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda , but fighting continues as hard-liners among the rebels and in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts , according to the International Crisis Group , an nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Congo rebels blame Rwandan Hutus for attack , report says Internally displaced Congolese flee as rebels attack government troops Torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult U.N. refugee agency : Some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past year
CNN  -- Macau , the world 's biggest casino hub , has overtaken Switzerland in the wealth stakes , being named the world 's fourth richest territory by the World Bank . A new batch of data released by the World Bank showed the former Portuguese colony 's GDP per person grew to $ 91,376 in 2013 , compared to $ 77,196 in 2012 . Only Luxembourg , Norway and Qatar are wealthier , according to the World Bank . Meanwhile , Swiss per capita GDP stayed nearly flat at $ 80,528 in 2013 compared to $ 78,929 the year before . That 's the good business news from Macau . The bad news is that its casino industry 's revenues have declined for the first time in nearly five years , as gamblers turn their attention to the World Cup . The former Portuguese colony made $ 3.4 billion from gambling in June , 3.7 % less than in June last year and down 18 % month-on-month . Macau is the world 's top spot for the gambling industry , reporting a staggering $ 45 billion in gambling revenues last year -- nearly seven times the $ 6.5 billion that casinos in Las Vegas made during the same period . According to analysts , the sudden dip can be attributed to the month-long football World Cup prompting punters to swap casinos for online sports betting . The casino hub has been further hit by a large anti-corruption police investigation last month , which led to a crackdown on an international gambling ring that was operating an illegal $ 600 million World Cup betting operation out of a hotel in Macau .	Macau has overtaken Switzerland as the world 's fourth richest territory by the World Bank Only Luxembourg , Norway and Qatar are wealthier , according to the World Bank But its casino industry 's revenues have declined for the first time in nearly five years
Hong Kong  CNN  -- From earthly orbit to the deepest reaches of the Pacific Ocean , China has notched up two more firsts for the country 's ambitious sea and space exploration programs . On Sunday , the three Chinese astronauts on board the Shenzhou-9 manually docked their spacecraft to the Tiangong 1 , an orbiting space lab . On the same day , a Chinese manned submersible vehicle set a deep-diving record when it descended 7,020 meters into the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean . The three men on board the sub -- dubbed oceanauts in China -- sent greetings to the three astronauts on the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft . "  We wish for a great success of the manual docking and brilliant achievements in China 's manned space and manned deep-sea dive causes , " Xinhua quoted Ye Cong , Li Kaizhou and Yang Bo as saying . China sends first woman into space Both endeavors have been a source of pride for China and could help bolster support for the Chinese Communist Party as it undergoes a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year and handles the fall-out from the demise of former politician Bo Xilai . "  Scientific achievements like this allow the Party to again remind the population of what has been achieved under their leadership , " said Dean Cheng , a research follow at The Heritage Foundation in Washington . "  It buys credibility and justification for their continued rule , even as scandals like Bo Xilai eat away at their authority . "  I would expect additional such displays in the coming months , especially if reports of a troubled succession are correct . " Mastering the technique of joining spacecraft together manually is also seen as an essential step toward China 's goal of building a space station in 2020 . Until now , the docking had been done by remote control from the ground . Local media reported that China also plans to start building a deep-sea station to accompany its march into space . The three-man sub Jiaolong , named after a mythical sea dragon , worked for three hours on the sea floor , collecting water samples , sediments and placing markers at the bottom of the sea . Xinhua said the 11-hour dive "  enabled China to join the ranks of deep-sea faring countries " like the US , Japan , France and Russia . Cheng said that the ability to undertake such deep-sea dives also had commercial applications and would help China drill for oil and undertake deep-sea mining . Will China overtake America in space ? China has been funding oceanographic research for more than a decade after it was added to the country 's 9th Five Year Plan in 1996 , he added . Meanwhile , a spokeswoman for China 's manned space missions said the program , which began in 1992 , would cost a total of almost 40 billion yuan  US$ 6.27 billion  . "  These programs are emblematic of sustained Chinese investments in the human capital and infrastructure of science , " said Cheng . "  This should be a warning call to the U.S. and Western Europe that their traditional dominance in science is in jeopardy . " But some Chinese internet users , while lauding the achievements , questioned whether these exploits were the wisest use of China 's new-found wealth . "  Diving into the sea and flying out to space . China now can do them both , " said one user of the Twitter-like portal Sina Weibo . "  It marks the development of technology and we are proud of it . But can the government care more about its people 's well-being too ? " Corinna Liu in Hong Kong contributed to this report	Chinese spacecraft makes first manual docking On same day , deep-sea dive record is set by manned sub Both feats seen as source of pride for China as leaders seek to bolster support
ATHENS , Georgia  CNN  -- A wanted University of Georgia professor killed himself with a single gunshot to the head after he dug his own grave and covered it with brush , police said Tuesday . George Zinkhan , a professor at the University of Georgia , disappeared after the slayings of his wife and two others . The manhunt for George Zinkhan ended Saturday when cadaver dogs discovered his body in Georgia 's Clarke County , about a mile from where his red Jeep Liberty was found more than a week earlier , police said . "  Zinkhan 's body was found in a small dugout area in the ground , covered with leaves and debris , and it was apparent that he took significant steps to try to conceal his body from being located , " a statement from Athens police said . Law enforcement officials determined that Zinkhan , 57 , committed suicide after killing his wife , Marie Bruce , 47 , Thomas Tanner , 40 , and Ben Teague , 63 , outside a theater in Athens on April 25 . Another University of Georgia professor , Barbara Carroll , believes that she was also targeted by Zinkhan but escaped because she was at a movie theater the day of the slayings . In an e-mail obtained by CNN , Carroll had warned her colleagues at the university 's Terry College of Business that Zinkhan , a marketing professor , was "  dangerous . " The e-mail was sent after the shootings but before Zinkhan 's body was found . Carroll could not be reached Tuesday , but in her e-mail she said that law enforcement officials surrounded her house early on the morning of May 1 after authorities found MapQuest directions to her house , printed on April 24 , in Zinkhan 's Jeep . She said she was advised to go into hiding . "  I do not believe Zinkhan had a map to my house for any reason other than he planned to kill me as well on April 25 , " Carroll wrote . "  This also suggests premeditation for the three murders he did commit . By the grace of God , I was at the movies all Saturday afternoon after being at school in my office  like a sitting duck  all that morning . " All three of Zinkhan 's victims were associated with the Town and Gown Players theater group , which was holding a reunion picnic at the time of the shootings . Police did not give any motive for the slayings but said in a statement that Zinkhan and his wife were having marital problems . Zinkhan targeted Tanner and shot him first , the statement added . Authorities said Zinkhan arrived while the Town and Gown event was under way and got into a disagreement with Bruce . Police believe that he left , went to his car -- where the couple 's children apparently were waiting -- and returned with two handguns . In addition to the three deaths , two people were wounded , police said . After the shootings , Zinkhan , a marketing professor at the Terry College of Business , drove to his hometown of Bogart , Georgia , and left his children -- ages 8 and 10 -- with a neighbor . Authorities put out bulletins across the nation for Zinkhan after the shootings and revealed that he had purchased an airline ticket in March for a May 2 flight to the Netherlands , where he owned a house . But Zinkhan never showed up at the airport .	NEW : Co-worker says she was also targeted Authorities say University of Georgia professor dug his own grave Cadaver dogs searching for George Zinkhan found body in woods , police say Zinkhan suspected of killing his wife , two other people
Moscow  CNN  -- A historian has been arrested in central Russia after police found the corpses of 29 women , dressed as dolls , in his apartment , authorities said this week . The 45-year-old man , who police did not identify , has been charged with desecrating bodies and graves , officials said . Video released by police showed an eerie collection of what looks like life-sized dolls , outfitted in shabby dresses and headscarves , their hands and faces wrapped in fabric . Authorities say the man also stole clothes from the graves when he took the bodies . Russian Interior Ministry spokesman Gen. Valery Gribakin told CNN police could n't figure out for a long time who was behind the "  numerous blasphemous acts against the graves and the dead bodies " at several cemeteries in and around Nizhny Novgorod , about 250 miles east of Moscow . The incidents started about two years ago , authorities said , with each case producing a public uproar in the region . Gribakin said police went the extra mile to find the culprit . "  Our leading theory was that it was done by some extremist organizations , " Gribakin said . "  We decided to beef up our police units and set up ... groups composed of our most experienced detectives who specialize in extremist crimes . " But even seasoned investigators and forensic experts were shocked when their investigation led them to the historian and the contents of his apartment , where the women 's mummified bodies were found . The corpses were those of women who died between the ages of 15 to 25 , officials said . Gribakin also said during the search the police found "  photographs and plaques from gravestones , doll-making manuals and well as maps of local cemeteries . " Police said the man is a well-known historian specializing in Celtic studies who authored many books and articles , and used to be a college professor at some point . State-run RIA Novosti and local media in Nizhny Novgorod identified the man seen in the police video of the crime scene as Anatoly Moskvin , a resident of that city . Russian journalists have retrieved articles written by Moskvin in local newspapers from the past several years , indicating his profound interest in and great knowledge of all cemeteries across the region . The suspect faces charges of desecrating dead bodies and their burial sites , a crime punishable by up to three months in jail or a year of correctional labor .	The man had dressed the corpses in clothing , police say The grave-robbing incidents began in and around Nizhny Novgorod two years ago The corpses were women between the ages of 15-25 , police say
CNN  -- Jeremy Renner is now a married man . The actor 's rep confirms Renner has tied the knot with actress and model Sonni Pacheco . Renner , 43 , welcomed a daughter with Pacheco in March 2013 , but has kept their marriage quiet . He first revealed the news during a recent interview with Capitol File magazine . "  I have tried to protect my family 's privacy , my wife 's privacy . I do n't need her to get hammered with my life , " Renner explained about why he kept his marriage under wraps . "  Privacy issues are important because I want her to go about her day without being bothered . " While he 's not trying to publicize his wedded status , the "  Kill the Messenger " star and producer is n't trying to hide the news either . Renner was seen wearing a wedding band at a screening of his upcoming movie in Washington , D.C. , on Tuesday . As he told Capitol File magazine , Renner does n't mind being followed by the paparazzi . It 's just that "  it 's annoying being followed when I 'm with my family , " he went on . "  It 's not just me -- everyone -LSB- in Hollywood -RSB- has to deal with that . " Paparazzi stress aside , Renner added that he 's really taken to fatherhood . "  I really love being a father . The only thing that has changed is my perspective on things , " he said . "  I still work , probably even more . It used to be for myself so I 'm not old and broke . All these things I still do , but I do it now for the future of my baby , and if it gets in the way of her well-being , then I stop . "	Jeremy Renner confirms he 's married to the mother of his daughter The actor welcomed his first child with Sonni Pacheco in March 2013 He did n't say anything about the marriage to protect his family 's privacy
CNN  -- Cholera has killed 200 people in the west African nation of Cameroon , the government said Thursday , and aid agencies feared the outbreak could spread to neighboring regions and nations . Another 2,500 cases of cholera , a deadly water-borne disease , have been diagnosed in Cameroon since an outbreak warning in June . About 70 percent of people living in the country 's far north region , bordering Nigeria and Chad , do not have access to potable water , according to a Ministry of Water and Energy official . Sanitation is also limited in the area and recent flooding has aggravated the situation . UNICEF said it has dispatched emergency medical kits containing surgical gloves , water treatment tablets , cholera medicine , oral rehydration salts and educational materials . The United Nations children 's agency said the outbreak could be devastating for children , who are especially vulnerable . The disease is caused by contaminated water , and many people with cholera suffer acute watery diarrhea , which leads to severe dehydration . If left untreated , it can kill quickly , possibly within hours , according to the World Health Organization . Up to 120,000 people die each year from cholera . Journalist Moki Kindzeka contributed to this report .	Health officials fear the outbreak might spread Few in northern Cameroon have access to potable water The disease is caused by contaminated water
CNN  -- On Wednesday , angry residents of West Point , one of the poorest slums of Liberia , clashed with police when they discovered that the government has quarantined the entire area in an effort to contain the spread of Ebola . This comes on the heels of another incident at West Point a few days ago , when people attacked an Ebola clinic , releasing patients and taking bedding and other items . When the international community heard about the incident , it could not understand such reckless behavior in the face of a deadly outbreak . But living here in Liberia , we understand . Through my work as a peace activist during the wars of the 1990s and early 2000s , and now as an organizer with communities throughout Liberia , I know how skeptical Liberians feel toward the government and international aid , given prior bad experiences . The majority of citizens do not trust the government , which they view as corrupt , so they could not believe the whole story about Ebola when it started being told . A friend of mine said , for example , "  Ellen Johnson Sirleaf  president of Liberia  and her minister of health want to pocket money , so they have come up with a new tactics to collect money and share . " As the months went by , many radio talk show hosts led discussions about Ebola . People from all walks of life in Liberia still denied the existence of Ebola , including many at the waterside , one of the biggest markets in Monrovia , the capital . When I spoke about Ebola , people accused me of working for the government , which was bad enough . But when I showed them my work ID , I made the matter even worse . They said that I work for an American non-governmental organization , and we all are supporters of Ma Ellen and ca n't see the wrong she is doing . Now , too late , everyone is talking about the invisible enemy -- the one you can not see . I remember during the war days in Liberia , you could get news of where the enemies were coming from and take cover either in the bushes or some other hiding place . But the Ebola virus is different . I have extended family members who have died from the virus or been quarantined for observation and testing . It is overwhelming to hear of people whom you have spoken to in the past six weeks , who are now dead from a disease that could have been prevented . 9 things to know about Ebola Liberians are social and community-oriented . We greet people with handshakes and hugs , eat together using one bowl , sleep together in one bed and bathe dead bodies to honor them . Some people are trying to put aside these cultural practices to save lives . I have noticed that a few people have started to wear gloves and long-sleeve shirts . Many businesses and homes have buckets with water and bleach for people entering and coming out to wash their hands . A colleague of mine called and told me about a health administrator whose mother had contracted the Ebola virus . The administrator took his mother to the hospital in Tubmanburg , capital of Bomi County , where my colleague works as a nurse and social worker for people living with HIV/AIDS . My colleague told me that the administrator was in complete denial that his mother had contracted the virus . He broke all the rules that the hospital had put in place : no visitors for people who have shown signs and symptoms of Ebola . Every day , he brought a new family member to visit his sick mother . In the end , his mother died , he died , and so did all seven family members he brought to the hospital to visit . Another day has come , and I got a call from a friend who is a social worker in one of the closed government hospitals in western Liberia . She said families that have been quarantined in some communities do not have basic food supplies and other items they need . Even though they are not showing symptoms at the moment , they go out to fetch water and food . They go to faraway markets and hand-pump water and do not tell others that they have been quarantined for fear of stigma . Another colleague says she took food and water to an Ebola quarantine , but she was turned down and told that no food or drinks were allowed . Ebola facility in Liberia attacked ; patients flee People are scared for a reason : Liberia 's infrastructure can not cope with Ebola . With poor health facilities and a low number of health workers , it 's obvious that the government needed help months ago . Heath centers are filled with suspected and actual Ebola cases . But the call centers , set up for people wanting help treating Ebola victims , do not answer . This has led to people dumping dead bodies on the streets . Some patients who showed symptoms were abandoned or fled to unknown locations . Tracing people who have come in contact with sick Ebola patients is a huge task for the Ministry of Health . It has become very difficult to trace people who have moved from one community to another , making it tougher to contain the spread of the virus . The Ebola crisis is making many people think about what kind of health policies we have in place . Do we need to develop new ones ? Every part of Liberia has been affected : the economy , politics , social and religious life . The economy seems to be dying slowly . Employees from large companies have left Liberia , as have staff members of international non-governmental organizations . The biggest iron ore company in Liberia has sent its experts out of the country . After a decade of international aid to Liberia and the emergence of a democratic government , what are we left with ? Liberia is not strong as it could be . Liberia is suffering during this terrible Ebola outbreak . We need help .	On Wednesday , protesters clashed with police over mass quarantine in Liberia Cerue Garlo : People are angry and scared ; infrastructure is struggling She says some of her extended family members have died from the Ebola disease Garlo : Liberia is suffering during this terrible Ebola outbreak and needs help
CNN  -- Mali 's footballers brought some welcome relief to their compatriots when drawing 1-1 with the Democratic Republic of Congo to qualify for the Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinals . The point in Durban enabled the West Africans to go through in second place , behind Group B winners Ghana who outclassed Niger 3-0 in Port Elizabeth . On a day when French-led troops took hold of the historic city of Timbuktu as Mali authorities continue their battle to loosen Islamist militants ' grip on the country 's north , the team nicknamed the Eagles booked their place in the last eight . Perhaps fittingly , the football success was also engineered with the help of a Frenchman as Patrice Carteron ensured his side progressed to a knockout clash against hosts South Africa . Mali , who finished third at last year 's Nations Cup , recovered from going a goal behind to Dieumerci Mbokani 's third-minute penalty to draw level 11 minutes later through Mahamadou Samassa . The Eagles could have taken the lead late on when substitute Cheick Tidiane Diabate hit the post before midfielder Seydou Keita was denied by Congolese goalkeeper Robert Kidiaba , 37 , in stoppage time . After Mali opened their Group B campaign with a 1-0 over group outsiders Niger , former Barcelona star Keita wore a T-shirt with the words "  Peace for Mali " as he gathered his man of the match award . At the 2012 finals , Mali 's most decorated footballer -- who boasts three Spanish La Liga titles and two European Champions League medals among other trophies -- had broken down in tears as Islamists took control of the north of his country amidst fierce fighting . During a news conference in South Africa earlier this month , the Eagles captain announced his desire for one of Mali 's allies -- "  be it France or our neighbors " -- to return order to the north of the country as quickly as possible . He had also mentioned that the Islamist militants ' ban on watching sports on television , among other measures such as outlawing music and smoking , meant that some people in the north would have been unable to gain relief from the conflict by following the Eagles in South Africa . "  Our country is in one of the most difficult moments of its history , " he said after Monday 's draw with the Congolese . "  Malians are regaining control of the north and our qualification will bring joy to the people . I am very proud . " While Mali will seek to reach the semifinals for the second tournament in a row against Bafana Bafana in Durban , Ghana will face high fliers Cape Verde in Saturday 's first quarterfinal . The Black Stars , who are the second favorites to win the competition behind Didier Drogba 's Ivory Coast side , beat Niger with goals from Asamoah Gyan , Christian Atsu and John Boye . "  We stepped up our game and won against a good Niger team , " said Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah , a squad member when the Black Stars last won the Cup of Nations 31 years ago in Libya . "  We hope to do better as we progress in this competition . " Ghana were beaten in the semifinals last year by Zambia , who will look to book their berth in the last eight when taking on Group C leaders Burkina Faso on Tuesday . In the day 's other game , Nigeria 's Super Eagles need a win against Ethiopia to be sure of avoiding early elimination from the finals .	Mali draw 1-1 with Democratic Republic of Congo to qualify for last eight of Nations Cup Ghana top Group B after thumping Niger 3-0 in Port Elizabeth Mali to meet hosts South Africa in quarterfinals , while Ghana will meet Cape Verde
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- American citizens who want to leave Egypt on a U.S. government flight should report to the airport as soon as the nightly curfew ends , according to official Twitter messages from the Department of State Bureau of Consular Affairs . Tweets warning Americans to leave began appearing just before 10 p.m. ET , cautioning that further delay was not advisable . More than 1,900 U.S. citizens and their family members have left Egypt since an evacuation operation began Monday , according to a statement from the U.S. State Department . Evacuation flights had been scheduled to run through Thursday . The State Department said late Wednesday that additional government flights after Thursday are unlikely . Americans who want to leave should should not wait for a call from the U.S. Embassy , according to the Bureau of Consular Affairs ' website . They should go to Cairo International Airport and report to the HAJ Terminal 1 , Hall 4 as soon as possible . Chartered planes organized by the U.S began flying out nonemergency American personnel and their relatives on Monday . The State Department also has been providing passage for any U.S. citizen wishing to leave Egypt . The department had said Americans should arrive at Cairo International Airport during non-curfew hours . A media note from the State Department warned U.S. citizens to move carefully in the streets and to avoid demonstrations along the way . The U.S. Embassy had been assisting in the evacuation of citizens with expired passports . Any American with out-of-date paperwork could go directly to the airport , as long as the passport in question had expired within the past 10 years , according to the State Department . Americans with passports that expired more than 10 years ago were advised to go to an embassy to get a replacement . The State Department said Wednesday that the U.S. Embassy in Cairo would remain open during non-curfew hours . Americans flying out of Cairo were part of a wave of foreigners who scrambled to leave Egypt on Wednesday , as the demonstrations that gripped Egypt for more than a week turned violent . British carrier BMI said it has organized an extra flight to help British nationals get back to the UK . The British Foreign Office said it was sending a charter flight to Cairo on Wednesday to fly back British citizens with no other way to get home . Greece has sent military aircraft to evacuate 215 Greeks from Egypt , the official Athens News Agency said . Other countries , including China , Canada , India , Thailand and Australia were attempting to get stranded citizens out of Egypt . A plane carrying 212 Chinese citizens stranded in Egypt arrived in the country Tuesday night , said China 's state media . Two hours earlier , a plane carrying 268 Chinese nationals had arrived in Beijing from Egypt , Xinhua news agency said . Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said her government would provide an emergency flight that will depart from Cairo on Wednesday , a statement from her office said . The flights are part of a broadening effort by governments worldwide to transport their citizens out of the country . About 52,000 Americans are believed to be in Egypt -- more than 2,600 of whom have asked to be evacuated , the State Department said . They 'll be asked to sign documents promising they will reimburse the government for the flights . Exact costs had n't been determined , but a State Department official said it should be comparable to a one-way commercial flight from Egypt to the evacuation points .	NEW : State Department warns that evacuation delay is not advisable NEW : The department says U.S. citizens wanting to leave Egypt should go to airport after curfew 1,900 Americans and their families have been evacuated , the department says The U.S. Embassy in Cairo remains open to help Americans who want to evacuate
CNN  -- "  Glee " star Naya Rivera is now Mrs. Ryan Dorsey . The 27-year-old actress has surprised fans with the news that she married fellow actor Dorsey in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , on Saturday . People magazine , which first reported the nuptials , says the pair kept the guest list to close family . "  I 'm so happy for her even though it was kind of sudden , " tweeted one onlooker , while another Twitter user was playing catchup with the star 's abrupt name change . "  Umm naya rivera dorsey ? She got married ?? Congrats ! " According to People , Rivera and Dorsey , who 's made appearances in "  Southland " and the new FX comedy "  You 're the Worst , " were longtime friends before deciding to become husband and wife . The magazine indicates that Dorsey 's relationship with Rivera changed after her engagement with rapper Big Sean ended in April . "  We feel truly blessed to be joined as husband and wife , " Rivera and Dorsey told People in a joint statement . "  Our special day was fated and everything we could have ever asked for . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	"  Glee " actress Naya Rivera is married She wed actor Ryan Dorsey in Mexico on July 19 The news caught some fans off guard
CNN  -- Johnny "  Jet " DiScala wo n't look at video that appears to capture this week 's cargo airplane crash in Afghanistan . DiScala used to be afraid to fly . He got over it by looking at flight safety data , learning that flying is way safer than driving and talking to lots of pilots and flight attendants . Now DiScala flies more than 175,000 miles per year and documents his journeys on his travel website . "  Since I used to be afraid to fly I do n't want to risk triggering any of my old emotions , " he said in an e-mail . "  I just do n't need those kind of images in my head . " The fiery images are alarming . U.S.-based cargo carrier National Airlines confirmed that Flight NCR102 had just taken off from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan en route to Dubai when the crash occurred , killing all seven crew members aboard . An approximately three-minute video , which has not been authenticated by CNN , shows what appears to be the Boeing 747-400 jet climbing shortly after takeoff , stalling , rolling from side to side and crashing into the ground . While the video might trigger a fear of flying in usually calm travelers or terrify already fearful passengers , most travelers are n't flying under the kind of conditions faced at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan . Here are five things to keep in mind as you head for your next commercial flight : Civilian aircraft do n't fly at such a steep angle The circumstances under which military troops and cargo airplanes fly in and out of a war zone are far from the routines of commercial airlines , says John Goglia , a former National Transportation Safety Board member and airline mechanic . "  Commercial airplanes climb at about half the angle the military climbs at , " Goglia says . "  Military aircraft take off at a such a steep angle to get high enough to get away from local arms fire . They need to get over 3,000 feet as quickly as they can . " A commercial airline 's cargo hold is small  and full A military aircraft carrying heavy equipment might not fill an entire cargo airplane , requiring that the cargo be secured to prevent a potentially deadly sudden shift in weight , Goglia says . In contrast , aircraft configured for passengers have much smaller cargo compartments , which are filled with baggage and any cargo that the airline can pack into the belly of their planes . "  Full compartments leave no room for cargo to shift , " he says . One crash is not a trend Simply watching a video of a crash is n't a problem , says Julie Pike , a psychologist with the Anxiety Disorders Treatment Center of North Carolina in Durham , North Carolina . It 's the interpretations people make after watching a plane crash or other disturbing news events over and over again . "  I will get people up until 4 a.m. watching the Boston bombing story , " she says . "  They think , ` This happens all the time , which means it could easily happen to me . ' " Monday 's plane crash in Afghanistan "  is compelling and very sad , " she says . "  However , it 's very infrequent . Airline travel is the safest form of travel . As Americans , we are very good at overdoing it . " An ` Artist 's Way ' to calm flying fears Visuals can pack an intensified punch Watching such a video can activate a different area of your brain than reading a story , Pike says . The visual stimulation can activate people 's fight or flight response , making them think they are in imminent danger . "  Your brain is telling you that a predator is after you , " Pike says . "  Reading about it does n't tend to cause the same reaction . " A small percentage of people worldwide suffer from fearful flying to the extent that it impairs them in some way , she says , and some people can become traumatized by watching and fixating on disturbing videos . People overestimate the threat and underestimate their ability to react , she says . CNN.com commenter Peter Gugerell says he usually does n't suffer from fear of flying . Yet one airplane crash stands out for him . Ever since he watched all the 1996 news coverage about TWA Flight 800 , which blew up a few minutes after takeoff , Gugerell wrote via e-mail that he 's "  acutely aware " of the early part of his flights . "  Now , having watched the Bagram crash , I expect my existing takeoff anxiety to increase slightly . " We can come to terms with our fears Try not to avoid or try to stop your fears , suggests University of Washington psychologist Jonathan Bricker . "  They are hard to stop and they find sneaky ways of reminding you they are there , " he wrote via e-mail . "  Instead , try to make peace with them . " His suggestions : "  Notice your network of fears . Say the word ` flying ' or ' 747 ' and notice what else comes to mind in your network of fears . Find the scary words . Let 's say the word is ` crash . ' Rate your level of anxiety when you say the word aloud . Repeat the word out loud for 90 seconds and notice what happens to the scariness of the word . Re-rate anxiety . Try this exercise three times . " And remind yourself of why you 're traveling , Bricker suggests . Whether it 's a business trip or a much-anticipated getaway or a trip to see a loved one , the reasons can help you see past your fears . Are you afraid to fly ? What do you do to keep calm on an airplane flight ? Please share in the comments below .	Flying fears may be intensified by video that appears to capture a cargo plane crash Remember that conditions for cargo flight in Afghanistan are n't routine for passenger flights Dramatic visuals may evoke instinctive responses that amplify a small threat
CNN  Civil rights leader Al Sharpton sharply denounced an extensive New York Times report that he and his companies are subject to $ 4.5 million in current state and federal tax liens . The MSNBC host said in a press conference Wednesday that the $ 4.5 million was the original figure he was ordered to pay back in 2008 , but that he has been making regular payments since then and the amount is now less . Sharpton did not give the outstanding balance owed by him and his for-profit companies -- Raw Talent and Revals Communications . Rather , he focused his remarks on how much money his nonprofit group , the National Action Network , has paid back . The liens against that organization , however , were not lumped into the $ 4.5 million figure reported by the Times . The Times reported that Sharpton is still liable for personal federal tax liens of more than $ 3 million , and state tax liens of $ 777,657 . The companies owe another $ 717,329 on state and federal tax liens . But Sharpton argued that it was n't possible that he still owed $ 4.5 million . "  If we owed $ 4.5 million in '08 then how could we owe this now , unless you 're saying that everybody just went to sleep on this and just gave us a pass , which is ridiculous , " he said . Sharpton has been a regular face in New York and Washington political circles . The report points out that President Barack Obama has raised money for Sharpton 's group , and that Sharpton attended the recent announcement that Loretta Lynch would be the White House 's pick to be the next Attorney General . Sharpton 's former aide Rachel Noerdlinger is also adviser to the wife of New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , Chirlane McCray . Sharpton argued that he and the National Action Network could feasibly each pay off their respective balances in one day , but could not yet afford to pay the penalties and interest . Still , he said , it is "  absolutely inaccurate " that he and his organization collectively owe $ 4.5 million -- which is how much the Times said that he and his for-profit businesses owe . His press conference came as his group prepares for the grand jury decision regarding police officer Darren Wilson to be announced in Ferguson , Missouri as soon as this week . Politics , he argued , was at the heart of negative stories about him in the press . "  Every time there 's a Sean Bell or a Ferguson or a Trayvon Martin , we go through my taxes . It 's the same agreement y' all . It 's the same thing we announced in ' 09 . It is the same thing we 've been paying every month , " he said .	A New York Times report says that Rev. Al Sharpton owes $ 4.5 million in state and federal taxes The civil rights leader and MSNBC host strongly pushed back in a press conference He said he 's been making payments since 2008 and owes less , but did n't say how much
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan announced a 10-day cease-fire on Sunday in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , a volatile region in North West Frontier Province that is largely controlled by the Taliban . The Taliban says it has agreed a 10-day cease-fire with Pakistani forces in the Swat Valley . The Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province 's government in the town of Timagera in the province 's Lower Dir district , he said . Taliban leader Sufi Mohammad is heading negotiations for the militants . There was no immediate confirmation of the cease-fire from the Pakistani government . Swat Valley was once Pakistan 's biggest tourist destination until it was overrun by militants led by radical cleric Maulana Fazlullah . The valley boasted the country 's only ski resort and was once a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts . It is believed to be the deepest advance by militants into Pakistan 's settled areas -- meaning areas outside its tribal region along the border with Afghanistan . The negotiations are the latest attempt by Pakistan 's civilian government -- which took power last year -- to achieve peace through diplomacy in areas where Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to have free rein . Swat has been overrun by forces loyal to Maulana Fazlullah 's banned hardline Islamic group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  which has allied itself with Taliban fighters . TNSM was once led by Sufi Mohammed , Fazlullah 's father-in-law who is leading the latest negotiations . Sufi Mohammed was released from jail last year by Pakistani authorities after he agreed to cooperate with the government . He had been jailed in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Fazlullah took over TNSM during Sufi Mohammed 's jail stint and vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region . Last May , Pakistan 's government announced it reached a peace deal with militants in Swat Valley . Analysts as well as critics within the establishment have described those talks as a failure that gave the Taliban time to regroup and gain more ground . The Taliban have recently targeted local politicians , including the head of the Awami National Party -- which represents the region -- who was forced to flee to Islamabad . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders , blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . Pakistan 's military operation in the region is unpopular among Pakistanis , but efforts to deal diplomatically with militants have not worked in the past . Pakistan 's previous military ruler , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and Taliban a stronger foothold in the region . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan announces a 10-day cease-fire in Swat Valley Taliban are holding talks with the North West Frontier Province 's government No immediate confirmation of the cease-fire from the Pakistani government
Goma , Democratic Republic of Congo  CNN  -- The United Nations and Congolese army are sending additional soldiers to the troubled regional capital of Goma , a U.N. spokesman said Wednesday . "  Troops are being deployed at the town entrance , on the road that goes to Rutshuru , " said Alexander Essome , MONUSCO regional spokesperson . MONUSCO , the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Democratic Republic of Congo , "  has been reinforced with extra troops in the area , " Essome said . Rutshuru , 60 kilometers  37 miles  north of Goma , was taken by M23 rebels on July 1 , but they retreated within days and the Congolese regular army moved back into the town Wednesday . The Congolese army is dispatching a U.S. trained elite battalion to Goma , where most shops were closed Wednesday because of threats from M23 to take Goma . The M23 , linked to Laurent Nkunda 's CNDP rebel group , still controls the town of Bunagana . Goma is in on the border with Rwanda on Lake Kivu .	U.N. spokesman : Extra troops reinforcing regional capital on border with Rwanda M23 rebels have threatened to take over the town One unit is Congolese elite battalion trained by U.S. troops
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Prosecutors grilled Sen. Ted Stevens on Monday about whether he accepted gifts as a lawmaker . Sen. Ted Stevens and his daughter Beth Stevens arrive Monday at the federal courthouse . The defense rested its case after prosecutors sparred with the Republican senator , who is charged with breaking Senate ethics rules by failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts and renovations on his home in Alaska . Stevens , the longest-serving Republican senator in history , battled with prosecutor Brenda Morris during his three days on the stand . They tangled over whether a massage chair in Stevens ' home was a gift or a loan , with Stevens asserting he had told his friend and neighbor , Bob Persons , he could not accept a gift under Senate rules . "  He said it was a gift , and I said I could not take it , " Stevens insisted , recalling details of the purchase in 2001 . "  But you kept it ? " Morris asked . "  It 's still there , " Stevens replied , acknowledging the chair is at his townhouse in Washington . The prosecution has been trying to show that Stevens failed to disclose about $ 250,000 worth of goods and services provided for his Alaskan home over the course of about seven years . Senators are required to report gifts on forms that are filed annually . Prosecutors dueled with Stevens over specifics about the chair in an effort to show that he was crafty in his ability to find ways around reporting the gifts or providing full disclosure about them . In his second day on the stand , Stevens testified that he and his wife paid for all the improvements on their Alaska chalet , which was extensively remodeled about eight years ago . He also attempted to address a series of e-mails that prosecutors introduced earlier in the trial . During cross-examination , Stevens stood firm in his denials of wrongdoing through testy exchanges with Morris , who accused him of trying to "  cover your butt " with a series of e-mails asking about invoices and billing . "  No , my bottom was n't bare , " Stevens replied . His defense team responded that former Alaska businessman Bill Allen , who arranged much of the the work on Stevens ' home , quashed bills without Stevens ' knowledge . Allen has pleaded guilty to trying to bribe a number of Alaska state officials -- not including Stevens -- and was the prosecution 's star witness . Stevens is not charged with taking bribes . Stevens , 84 , hopes to clear his name by November , in time for voters to decide whether to elect him to a seventh term representing Alaska , as he has done for nearly 40 years . He was the last witness for the defense . Closing arguments are expected Tuesday , with jury deliberations expected to begin Wednesday . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Defense rests case after prosecutors cross-examine Stevens Sides argue whether massage chair in Stevens ' home was a gift or a loan Stevens : "  He said it was a gift , and I said I could not take it " Closing arguments expected to begin Tuesday
CNN  -- By pronouncement of the sheriff , there will be no Valentine 's Day this Friday . That is , if you live in Georgia , north of Interstate 16 and have to drive to get a gift . Oconee County Sheriff Scott Berry has designated northern Georgia a "  NO VALENTINES DAY ZONE " in a post on the department 's Facebook page Wednesday night . Men are "  exempt from having to run out and buy lottery scratchers and Hershey bars from the corner stores until February 18 , 2014 , due to ice , snow , freezing rain , " the tongue-in-cheek post said . It 's all in fun . But rescheduling the festival of lovers to Tuesday would give the ice storm-battered region time to get roads back to normal and make Valentine 's a safer affair . Cutting the monotony Though it sounds like a pretty practical safety suggestion to motorists , it was more likely something else that drove Sheriff Berry to the decision . "  I think he was just trying to cut the monotony , " dispatcher John Ogle told CNN . Deputies have been practically snowed in at the office for a marathon 34-hour shift , and the sheriff wanted to give them something to smile at , Ogle said . But not just them . "  I think he was just trying to give our spouses a little laugh , " he said . Ogle 's spouse was unimpressed . "  My wife told me it did n't apply . " School closure announced with ` Ice Ice Baby ' No excuses Women , who saw the Facebook post , lined up to playfully oppose the sheriff 's order . ` No excuses ! ' was their refrain . "  Not my man cause it is my birthday also , " commented Glenda Robertson , "  so he is not going to get away with this excuse lol . " Men , predictably , backed the lawman . "  T H A N K Y O U ! " said Ken Darsey 's comment , leaping off the page . "  Can you make sure my wife gets a copy of this memo ? " wrote Mark Martin . Other women warned : You knew the day was coming , and you knew the weather forecast . You should 've planned ahead . Ogle , the sheriff 's dispatcher , did . "  Mine 's covered . I told her her gift is in the top dresser drawer , " he said . But for those who did n't manage a gift due to the ice and snow , commenter Bo Edwards has a suggestion for what they can tell their loved ones : "  It 's the thaw  t  that counts ... " Border inspector picks flowers aimed for your Valentine	In a Facebook post , he declared northern Georgia ` NO VALENTINES DAY ZONE ' Sheriff Scott Berry has rescheduled the lovers ' fest to Tuesday He did it to make his staff and their spouses laugh Residents took to Facebook and got in on the fun
CNN  A sign you 'd expect to see in a war zone , hanging at a police station . Two unarmed civilians shot more than 20 times after a high-speed chase . A man in the middle of a medical emergency , jolted with a Taser while strapped to a gurney . These are alarming examples , federal investigators say , that show police in Cleveland have been using unnecessary and unreasonable force at a "  significant rate , " employing "  dangerous tactics " that put the community at risk . A report released Thursday details a nearly two-year Justice Department investigation which found that Cleveland police use guns , Tasers , pepper spray and their fists excessively , unnecessarily or in retaliation . Officers also have used excessive force on those "  who are mentally ill or in crisis , " the Justice Department said . Now a federal court will keep tabs on the Cleveland police as part of a legal agreement going forward . The Justice Department 's investigation started in 2013 , after several incidents , including a controversial case the previous year when more than 100 officers were involved in a high-speed chase that ended with the deaths of two unarmed civilians . Here 's a look at that case , and several others examples federal investigators pointed out in their report : A chase gone awry : Police began chasing Timothy Russell and passenger Malissa Williams after officers and witnesses thought they heard a gunshot coming from their car as they drove by a court building . But it turns out , they did n't have weapons . The Justice Department 's report said it now appears that what they heard was the car backfiring . More than 100 officers participated in the high-speed chase . After a 25-minute chase that reached speeds of more than 100 mph and ended in a school parking lot , 13 officers fired 137 rounds hitting Russell and Williams more than 20 times each , the report said . "  The officers , who were firing on the car from all sides , reported believing that they were being fired at by the suspects . It now appears that those shots were being fired by fellow officers , " the Justice Department wrote . Both Williams and Russell were killed . Suspect kicked in the head : Video from a police helicopter captured officers arresting a man after a January 2011 police chase . After the suspect was handcuffed and lying on the ground , officers used excessive force by kicking him in the head numerous times , the report said . Many officers were there , but none identified any fellow officers who had exacted excessive force on the suspect , and no officer was disciplined , the Justice Department said . Accountability , or the lack thereof , was a theme of the Justice Department report . Of the period reviewed , 2010-2013 , the investigation found that officers were suspended on only six occasions for improper use of force . "  Discipline is so rare that no more than 51 officers out of a sworn force of 1,500 were disciplined in any fashion in connection with a use of force incident over a three-and-a half-year period , " the report said . Taser used inside ambulance : Officers were flagged down to help a man lying on a sidewalk having seizures . When paramedics arrived , they helped him into an ambulance , where he was strapped onto a gurney . That 's when the man , who the Justice Department reports identifies as "  Mark , " got angry , threatening the officer and trying unsuccessfully to stand up . "  Mark continued to try to stand up while threatening to beat the officer . The officer then drive stunned Mark on his top left shoulder . Mark had committed no crime , was strapped down and was in the midst of a medical crisis , " the Justice Department report says . "  His repeated seizures may also have left him confused and disoriented . Indeed , there is no indication that Mark could carry out his threat against the officers , particularly when he was strapped to the gurney . " 13-year-old punched : After a handcuffed 13-year-old arrested for shoplifting began to kick a police car 's door and kicked an officer in the leg , the 300-pound police officer sat on the boy 's legs and punched him in the face until he had a bloody nose . The 13-year-old "  was pushing against the officer with his legs , but was handcuffed and posed no threat to the officer , " the Justice Department 's report says , noting that Cleveland police have used excessive force on people who are handcuffed or subdued and "  pose little or no threat to officers . " Sign of the times : Above a vehicle bay at one of the Cleveland Division of Police 's district stations hangs a sign that reads , "  forward operating base , " a term usually used to describe an area of tactical operations in a war zone . The sign sends a message indicative of the community 's opinion of the division , Justice Department officials said . "  This characterization reinforces the view held by some -- both inside and outside the Division -- that CDP is an occupying force instead of a true partner and resource in the community it serves , " the investigative report said . It 's one illustration , the Justice Department 's report says , that "  officer training instills in officers an ` us-against-them ' mentality . " Issues resonate beyond Cleveland The results of the federal review come as the Cleveland Division of Police is under fire for the November fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice . The incident sparked even more outrage amid high tensions over Michael Brown 's shooting death in Missouri and similar situations that have put police use of force under a microscope . Cleveland police Chief Calvin Williams has defended Rice 's shooting , saying he reached for an air pistol that was "  indistinguishable from a real firearm . " While Thursday 's announcement was set in Cleveland , Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the problems it highlights are n't contained by city limits . "  As President Obama and I have indicated , the time has come , we think , to do even more . The tragic losses of these and far too many other Americans , including just last month , the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice here in Cleveland , have really raised urgent national questions , " Holder said Thursday . "  And they have sparked an important conversation about the sense of trust that must exist between law enforcement and the communities that they serve and protect . " What 's next ? Authorities say Cleveland police need better training and more accountability going forward . "  Deeply troubling to us was that some of the specially trained investigators who are charged with conducting unbiased reviews of officers ' use of deadly force admitted to us that they conduct their investigations with the goal of casting the accused officer in the most positive light possible , " the Justice Department 's report said . The department fails to review its officers ' use of force , investigate other allegations of misconduct , "  respond to patterns of at-risk behavior , " enforce appropriate policies and establish "  effective community policing strategies , " according to the Justice Department . "  Throughout the investigation , the Department of Justice provided its observations and concerns to the city , and in response , the division has begun to implement a number of remedial measures , however , much more work is needed , " the department 's statement said . As a result of the findings , the city and Justice Department have signed an agreement "  to develop a court-enforceable consent decree that will include a requirement for an independent monitor who will oversee and ensure necessary reforms . " Holder , Acting Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta and U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach met Thursday with community leaders , law enforcement officials and elected officials to discuss how to improve that relationship . "  Together , we can build confidence in the division that will ensure compliance with the Constitution , improve public safety and make the job of delivering police services safer and more effective , " Gupta said in a statement . Williams told reporters his officers are committed to improving the department . "  We will work to make this police department better , " he said . "  I have confidence we will . "	Guns , Tasers , fists , chemical sprays are all used inappropriately , probe finds Cleveland , feds agree to independent monitor to oversee reforms , Justice Dept. says Investigators reviewing deadly force cast officers in "  positive light , " report says Report comes as police are under fire after fatal shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice
