CNN  -- Highly-skilled foreign-born workers contribute more to the economy than they take away and unless the American government enacts immigration reform , the U.S. "  risks falling behing in the global race for talent , " according to a report released Wednesday . The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas on Wednesday released its 2010 annual report . Attached to the report was an essay authored by two economists who argue that that reform is needed to boost the legal immigration of highly-educated workers to the U.S. "  The disproportionate focus on illegal immigration is missing the picture that the legal system of immigration is broken as well , " Federal Reserve senior economist Pia Orrenius told CNN . "  The cost of ignoring problems with the legal immigration of high-skilled workers in some respects is higher than the costs of illegal immigration . " Orrenius and Agnes Scott College economics professor Madeline Zavodny co-authored the essay , "  From Brawn to Brains . " The essay contains ideas included in a book the two economists co-authored for the American Enterprise Institute in 2010 , Zavodny told CNN . The book is entitled "  Beside the Golden Door -- U.S. Immigration Reform in a New Era of Globalization . " Pointing to economic and census data , the authors say that skilled immigrants boost economic productivity and entrepreneurship . In highly technical fields , immigrants tend to complement U.S. born workers by moving into expanding fields "  where native labor supply can not keep up , " the author 's Federal Reserve essay states . Immigrant entrepreneurs obtain patents at more than a two-to-one rate than native-born Americans , according to Orrenius and Zavodny , and tend to boost "  patent activity " overall . More highly educated immigrants also contribute more to government coffers than lower-educated workers drain from them , according to Orrenius and Zavodny . The authors argue there is a line of approximately 1 million skilled-workers waiting on "  employment-based " green cards from the U.S. government . That 's because the number of permanent resident visas issued by the federal government has n't changed since 1996 . "  Untold numbers have given up on waiting or even applying , " the essay states . "  For those in the queue , their applications have been approved , but their green cards wo n't be available for years because of strict numerical limits on employment-based permanent visas . " Orrenius and Zavodny also point out that U.S. policy on granting green-card status to immigrants overwhelmingly favors relatives of U.S. citizens , other legal residents or refugees . Employment-based green cards for skilled workers and their families account for 15 % of the total issued by the U.S. government every year , according to the authors .	A report says immigration reform should boost numbers of highly-skilled foreign workers in U.S. Report : Without reform , the U.S. could lag behind in the "  global race for talent " Report : Educated immigrants contribute more to the economy than illegal immigrants drain
CNN  -- Formula One teams may try to take control of the elite motorsport when the rights agreement expires at the end of 2012 , Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo told CNN in an exclusive interview . Bernie Ecclestone has run F1 on behalf of CVC Capital Partners since selling his rights in 2006 , but speculation is growing that the Concorde Agreement -- the settlement between the private equity firm and the teams -- will not be renewed . Last month , media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation and Italian investment firm EXOR released a statement confirming they were "  formulating a long-term plan for the development of Formula One in the interests of the participants and the fans . " Montezemolo said that the teams had three options : to renew with CVC ; find a new partner ; or follow the lead of basketball 's NBA and create their own company to run the sport . Would F1 be better off with different owners ? "  I think we have to be very pragmatic . At the end of 2012 , the contracts of every single team with CVC will expire . So , we have three alternatives , " the 63-year-old Italian told CNN . "  We renew with CVC , or we theoretically -- as the basketball teams did in the U.S. with great success -- we create our own company , like the NBA . Just to run the races , the TV rights and so . "  And third , to find a different partner . Bernie Ecclestone did a very good job but he has already sold out three times , so he does n't own the business anymore . It is CVC that will sell . It will be the teams ' decisions . "  At the end of 2012 , the contract will expire , so theoretically CVC does n't own anything . I think it is important to have alternatives . We will see . We have time to do it . " Murdoch 's News Corp finds partner for potential F1 bid Montezemolo hopes to continue the expansion that Ecclestone helped to usher in . "  We have to invest in the U.S. . We have to improve new technologies in F1 for the people watching the television , for iPad , for the Internet . So I think we are in front of a very important moment , " he said . "  We will race in Russia and India . F1 , thanks also to Bernie Ecclestone , has become a worldwide sport . Now we have to find the best solution . It is important to invest for the future and the other teams . " Di Montezemolo is adamant that F1 needs a new direction , and claims that rule changes in recent years have made the sport confusing for the teams and fans alike . Latest F1 championship standings "  We have gone too far with artificial elements . It 's like , if I push footballers to wear tennis shoes in the rain . To have so many pit-stops -- listen , I want to see competition , I want to see cars on the track . I do n't want to see competition in the pits , " he said . "  A little bit , yes -- but in the last race there were 80 pit-stops . Come on , it 's too much . And the people do n't understand anymore because when you come out of the pits you do n't know what position you 're in . "  I think we have gone too far with the machines , too many buttons . The driver is focalizing the buttons , when you have the authorization to overtake . We have gone too far . "  Ferrari will push a lot with the authority -- with the respect that we have to the federation and the other teams -- to avoid going too far with F1 . Because I think it can create problems for the television people and on the racetrack . " Domenicali : Ferrari have been too conservative this season Montezemolo admitted he was frustrated with the present limits on testing too . "  We are not able to do testing , to do training . F1 is only professional sport in the world where you ca n't train or test , " he said .	Ferrari president says F1 needs to take a new direction when rights deal expires Luca di Montezemolo hints that teams may not renew agreement with CVC He points to example of NBA , which is run by the basketball competition 's franchises Italian says Ferrari would pull out of F1 if it develops in the wrong direction
The man who shared images of the abuse that a Filipino maid allegedly suffered on the job in Saudi Arabia said he did so because he did n't know what else to do . Arnel Tahal is a cousin of the victim , Pahima Alagai Palacasi , and was shown the graphic photos of burns all over Palacasi 's back , arms and legs by another cousin . Tahal said he posted the pictures on Facebook because "  I did not know what to do . But after people started sharing the pictures , some told us what we can do to help her . " The result is that the injured Palacasi , who is married and has two young children , will remain in Riyadh in a search for justice . The burns allegedly came at the hands of her employer 's mother . The 22-year-old maid was at the home of her employer 's mother on May 4 when "  her sponsor 's mother poured boiled water over Palacasi due to a simple misunderstanding , " according to a Philippines Labor Ministry statement posted Tuesday . Tahal told CNN that the employer 's mother poured a thermos of scalding water on the maid after yelling at her for not preparing coffee quick enough . Two days later , the employer took Palacasi for medical care . While at hospital , Palacasi was able to reach a relative who lives in Riyadh who helped her sneak out of hospital . The cousin then posted graphic photos of Palacasi 's wounds on Facebook , showing bright pink and white scalded skin all over her back , the backs of her arms , and parts of her leg , according to the ministry statement . "  I feel that we need more help from the government of the Philippines to get justice for my cousin , " Tahal said . The Philippines government said it would help Palacasi file a case against her employer and has suspended the work of the Saudi recruitment agency that hired her . The English-language Saudi daily Arab News reported Wednesday that Riyadh police were conducting a joint investigation of the case . Palacasi alleges that her employer began physically abusing her within days of her arrival , kicking and lashing her after she complained of being homesick . She also claimed her employers deprived her of food . " -LSB- My employer 's mother -RSB- asked me to throw away all the leftover food but I did n't do it so that when I got hungry I could have something to eat , " Palacasi said in a cellphone video reportedly taken by her cousin and released to ABS-CBN , a CNN affiliate in the Philippines . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . "  Please help me , " Palacasi says in the video . "  Help me file a case against my employer . I suffered a lot . " Palacasi is currently at an embassy shelter in Riyadh . "  She is stable , in high spirits , and is relating well with fellow  Filipino workers  , " according to the government statement . "  We are following up on the case with the police and the embassy and we will respond once we have all the details of the case , " Mohammed Almadi of Saudi Arabia 's Human Rights Commission told CNN . Saudi Arabia pledges to protect foreign workers , as Indonesian maids face execution Saudi minister responds to damning human rights report	The cousin who posted the pictures says he did n't know what to do The maid claims her Saudi boss 's mother poured boiling water on her The photos sparked outrage on social media
CNN  -- Actress Mia Farrow testified Monday that supermodel Naomi Campbell named Charles Taylor as the person who presented her with a diamond . Farrow was testifying at the war crimes trial of Taylor , the former president of Liberia who prosecutors allege funded a brutal civil war in Sierra Leone using blood diamonds . A so-called blood diamond is mined in war zones and used to fund rebels and warlords . The stones have fueled bloody conflicts in Africa for more than a decade . Farrow 's testimony at the United Nations-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone contradicted that of Campbell , who took the stand last week . During her appearance , Campbell said she did n't know who sent her stones , which were delivered to her room in Pretoria , South Africa late at night . But Farrow told prosecutors : "  She said that in the night she had been awakened . Some men were knocking at her door . They were sent by Charles Taylor and they had given her a huge diamond . " Both Farrow and Campbell were guests at a dinner hosted by Nelson Mandela in 1997 , which Taylor also attended . The next morning , Campbell told the tribunal , she shared the story of receiving stones with her then-agent , Carole White , and Farrow . "  Well , that 's obviously Charles Taylor , " one of them said . Campbell did n't recall who said it . Then , one of them added , "  Well , obviously , they are diamonds . " Campbell said she assumed the stones came from Taylor , but testified that she was n't sure . After her testimony , prosecutors said they would present two witnesses who would dispute Campbell 's story . "  Two other witnesses will also testify about these events ... . there are significant differences between those accounts and Ms. Campbell 's account , " the prosecution said in a statement . Farrow 's testimony did just that . Taylor , 62 , was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the civil war in Sierra Leone , fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior and were often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , enslavement and sexual slavery and violence . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 but reopened it to call Campbell to testify after learning in June of that year that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond . When arguing to reopen the case , prosecutors said Campbell 's testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Taylor has testified that he never handled the precious stones .	Mia Farrow says Naomi Campbell said Charles Taylor sent her a diamond Former Liberian president on trial for allegedly funding civil war with blood diamonds Campbell testified she was n't sure who sent her diamonds during a trip to Africa Blood diamonds are mined in war zones and is used to fund rebels and warlords
CNN  -- "  Black Dynamite " has a new lease on life . This time around , the hero of the 2009 film that lampooned blaxploitation movies is in animated form in a new series on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim program block . Some of the actors from the film will reprise their roles , but there will be changes as well . The movie , which enjoyed only a two-week theatrical release despite premiering at the Sundance Film Festival , was deliberately cheesy . To parody the cheap , hastily produced blaxploitation films , "  Black Dynamite " actors intentionally chewed up scenery or performed awkwardly . There were telltale signs of a second-rate production , such as the appearance of a boom mike . The new "  Black Dynamite " is still set in the 1970s , but the 10-episode cartoon series is more like "  Shaft " than a sendup of blaxpoitation , said Michael Jai White , who supplies Black Dynamite 's voice and serves as a producer . As in the film , the polyester pants suit-garbed Black Dynamite is a former CIA agent , a lover and a kung fu fighter . He has returned to the ` hood to combat evil and protect the children in the Whorephanage , who are looked after by the working girls and their boss , sexy no-nonsense Honey Bee  Kym Whitley  . "  The characters have to be a little bigger than life , but it 's a fun challenge , and the essence of the characters is still there , " said Carl Jones , former executive producer of "  The Boondocks " on Adult Swim , who serves as the director and an executive producer for "  Black Dynamite . " "  Obviously , with a cartoon , you can do more things than you can do in live action , " Jones said . "  It opens a lot more doors for us to explore different characters and genres . " In one episode , Black Dynamite is hired to make sure comedian Richard Pryor shows up for a scheduled performance . In the story , Pryor is distraught because audiences automatically laugh at him , making it hard to offer serious social commentary . "  I wanted to take another perspective on Richard as a human being , " Jones said . "  Richard never wanted to be funny . He had something to say . He was a storyteller . He was a teacher to me . " In another episode , a parody of "  King Kong , " Black Dynamite goes after an albino ape that scaled the iconic Watts Towers in Los Angeles . White said he is n't concerned that , despite its late-night time period , the show could irritate those who think its frequent use of bleeped profanity and the prominence of prostitutes perpetuate unwelcome stereotypes of African-Americans . "  I do n't mind that at all , " White said . "  This is a commentary on the time period . It is the truth that , at this time in the '70s , these were our heroes . " Added Jones , "  The main thing I focused on is being honest . This is a time when pimps , hos and hustlers existed , and they thrived within their communities . And Black Dynamite is trying to stop the negative things connected with that . " Yes , Jones said , there is a whorehouse in the show , "  but you never see them whoring . I made it a point not to show that . You 'll never see Black Dynamite pimping either , because that 's not what it 's about . This was just a way to give a different world a texture that actually existed in that era . " Despite its short theatrical run , "  Black Dynamite " the film drew a loyal following , and sales of the movie on DVD in 2010 were brisk . "  I think it 's going to be off the chain with crazy fans , " predicted Whitley . "  I did not know ` Black Dynamite ' was so popular . You go on the Internet . You go down to Comic-Con , and they fill the room . These are devoted fans . " Byron Minns , the voice of Bullhorn , Black Dynamite 's cunning sidekick , agreed . "  When I go to South Central  in Los Angeles  or New York , people say , ` Man , we wish we would have known this was in the theaters at the time . ' It just did n't work out that way . " Jones thinks young viewers will tune in for a fresh viewpoint , and older viewers will watch with a sense of nostalgia . "  To me , it plays on so many different levels and on so many different platforms , " he said . "  There are so many different ingredients that make it powerful for just about everybody . " "  Black Dynamite " premieres at 11:30 p.m. ET/PT July 15 on the Cartoon Network , which is owned by CNN 's parent company .	"  Black Dynamite " film lampooned black exploitation films The movie has been made into an animated series on Cartoon 's Network Adult Swim Some of the actors from the film voice characters in the series
Two Durham VA Medical Center employees have been put on administrative leave because of "  inappropriate scheduling practices , " the Department of Veteran Affairs said in a Monday statement . The facility in Durham , North Carolina , is at least the fourth hospital accused of manipulating health care appointments . VA Secretary Eric Shinseki has ordered an audit at all VA clinics , following months of CNN exclusive reporting about U.S. veterans who have died while they waited for treatment at VA hospitals . "  In preparation for this audit , VHA  Veterans Health Administration  Central Office learned on May 12 that a Durham VA Medical Center employee indicated that some employees at that facility may have engaged in inappropriate scheduling practices at some point between 2009 and 2012 , " the Monday statement read . "  VA takes any allegations about patient care or employee misconduct very seriously . If the allegations are true , the inappropriate behavior is unacceptable and employees will be held accountable . " The latest allegation comes as the federal department defends itself against claims of potentially deadly delays at other facilities throughout the nation , including claims of a secret wait list in Phoenix , which was first reported by CNN . A VA scheduler in San Antonio said clerks scheduling medical appointments for veterans were "  cooking the books " at their bosses ' behest to hide the fact some had to wait weeks , if not months , for appointments . Similarly , a scheduler at the VA clinic in Fort Collins , Colorado , which is managed by a Wyoming clinic , said employees were told to manipulate the system . The VA 's official policy is that all patients should be able to see a doctor , dentist or some other medical professional within 14 days of their requested/preferred date . Any wait longer than two weeks is supposed to documented . But many veterans end up waiting longer , and the delays are never reported , veterans and their advocates say . Shinseki has been subpoenaed by the House Veterans ' Affairs Committee . CNN has submitted numerous requests for an interview with Shinseki ; the secretary has refused them all . Gingrich : Why ca n't VA be customer-friendly and digitally competent ?	VA vows to hold employees accountable if allegations are true The federal department is defending itself against claims of potentially deadly delays CNN exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in Phoenix
There is no doubt that in our interconnected world , the G20 has a critical role to play in driving inclusive growth , creating jobs and increasing global living standards . As a long-time advocate for reducing inequality -- or to put it another way , upping the fairness factor in local and global economies alike -- I am heartened to hear world leaders and policy-makers increasingly agree that growing inequality is undesirable . But while we all agree that the world is facing an unprecedented number of large-scale , complex economic challenges , there remains heated discussion about the policy fixes needed . The diagnoses of the world 's ills are increasingly in alignment -- even News Corp chief executive Rupert Murdoch recently expressed concern about rising inequality -- but the suggested cures are fiercely contested . Wealth gap increasingly ` obscene ' As economist Thomas Piketty so eloquently argued this year , wealth and the return on capital are growing faster than the overall economy and income from labor . Making matters worse , labor income is becoming increasingly skewed , with an ever increasing share going to a small band of top earners . This means we are approaching levels of inequality in wealth and income that are increasingly difficult to justify , increasingly obscene , and are an increasing drag on productivity and growth . Inequality of this magnitude undermines the basic notions of trust , fairness , and social cohesion that underpin our economies and societies . That 's why civil society wants G20 nations to embed equity in their country growth plans by measuring improvements in the incomes of the bottom 20 % of households . The G20 's commitment to pursuing economic growth of two percentage points above current targets over the next five years is welcome . But the success of the Brisbane talks must also be viewed through the lens of fairness . Leaders must be held to account for ensuring the benefits of growth are spread more widely . G20 needs to change Just as the G20 has evolved in recent years from a gathering of finance ministers to include national leaders , the involvement of non-government organizations in G20 meetings and decision-making is a reflection of the realities of contemporary governing and policy making . Put simply : the continuing relevance and legitimacy of the G20 as an effective global economic policy-making body is reliant on it being more people-focused . That means the realization among global policy agenda-setters that inequality and exclusion stifles economic growth must drive better responses to addressing the economic impact of climate change , for example , and the establishment of robust post-2015 sustainable development goals . The way forward The Australian presidency has no less a task than securing the G20 's future . The jury is still out on whether its outreach to non-government actors and , importantly , to developing nations is enough to deliver this . Consider the key agenda item of driving jobs growth . Governments must work with the corporate sector and the community as equal partners to provide real and quality jobs in the formal sector of the economy , with social and legal protections so that all workers , especially those from vulnerable groups , have the opportunity for improved participation . The G20 is also poised to make genuine progress on glaring faults in global governance , via its tax reform and transparency agenda . The potential benefits of coordinated action to increase transparency range from strengthening efforts to combat corruption and money laundering , to finally countering tax evasion and avoidance . It 's time to end tax havens and secrecy jurisdictions , and the practices that allow earnings to be "  washed " or hidden , as well as the lax residency standards and treaty shopping that allow profit shifting . Aggressive tax planning alone is estimated to cost developing nations billions of dollars a year . These are the same countries which rely heavily on foreign aid and lack the resources to deal with poverty or fund essential health care and education services . As governments of wealthy and developing nations alike decry their ability to "  afford " to meet the growing demands placed on them by their citizens , they surely have no excuse to ignore the policy levers they have at their disposal to plug leaky and opaque tax systems . Is it too much to ask that adequate health services , better education opportunities and even clean water no longer remain hostage to capricious and shady global tax arrangements ? I 'd say it 's only fair for the G20 to act .	G20 leaders are meeting in Brisbane to agree ways to boost global growth C20 chief Tim Costello says wealth gap is rising and becoming "  increasingly obscene " Equity needs to be embedded in country growth plans , he says Incomes of the bottom 20 % of households should be measured
CNN  -- Exploring the mysterious nation of North Korea just got a lot easier -- at least if you 're Chinese . A new scheme has been announced that provides Chinese citizens with an  almost  hassle-free visa to North Korea within a day , specifically for cycling day trips . The trip , including the visa , costs around $ 50 . Some 35 Chinese tourists embarked on the first short cycling tour on May 2 . They cycled across the border from Tumen , in the northeast of China , and visited Nanyang City in North Korea before returning to China the same day . The group visited Nanyang train station , the Korean War Hero Martyrs Monument , a portrait of Kim Il Sung , The Tower of Immortality , attended a show and sampled local snacks from a small farm market behind Nanyang International Hotel . That hotel is where Kim Il Sung reportedly met Zhou Baozhong , a famous Chinese World War II general . The first trip took a little more than three hours . Zhao Xin , one of the cyclists on the trip , told Xinhua , China 's state news agency , "  In North Korea , the food was pollution-free : vegetables , fish , eggs , they all tasted not bad . We had no worries eating there . " First look at North Korea 's new luxury ski resort Rise of North Korea tours in China Tumen , part of Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in China 's Jilin Province , is a popular border city for travel to North Korea . Travel to North Korea from China has grown recently , with North Korea approving more tour routes from some Chinese cities . About 10,000 Chinese tourists visit North Korea each year through organized tours , according to Xinhua . "  The biggest advantage of Tumen in cross-border travel to North Korea is the efficiency in organizing a visa , " said Zhong Shi-jiu , the deputy mayor of Tumen , in an interview . "  If travelers register up front with related travel agencies in Tumen as well as Tumen City Tourism Bureau , then you can get a visa and your trip approved the same day you apply for one here . " That would make travel to North Korea easier than travel to Hong Kong , at present , for Chinese mainlanders . The trip is n't available to non-mainland Chinese travelers . Tumen also offers walking tours between the two countries . It recently relaunched a train service between China and North Korea 's Mount Chibo . DMZ : Road trip to the world 's most heavily armed border	Tumen , a Chinese city bordering North Korea , recently launched the first cycling tour to North Korea The three-hour tour takes in North Korean war memorials , the former leader 's portrait and local foods North Korea has approved more cross-border tours in recent years , spurring tourism from China
CNN  -- It 's a beautiful fall morning looking out over the Avenue KlÃ © ber , just a few blocks from the Arc de Triomphe . I 've checked into Room 309 , a Grand Deluxe guestroom at The Peninsula Paris , on a brisk , blue-sky day that makes you want to stroll the streets with a stop at the boulangerie for a pain au chocolat , or two . But that might prove difficult . I 'm not in Paris . I 'm in Hong Kong , in an identical mock-up of the hotel 's Paris rooms . The room 's large , with three-meter ceilings you might find inside a century-old Beaux Arts building . There 's a dressing room that 's as big as the oval-shaped white marble bathroom next door , where the clock above the vanity is set to Paris time . In the bedroom , there 's a stack of French magazines in a rack next to the sofa . It does feel like I 'm in the French capital , even down to the exact street views you get from the real property . Peninsula 's Paris hotel does n't open until August , but the project team at The Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels  HSH  , Peninsula 's parent company , designed and built this fully functioning model room back in 2011 . Test before release This is where Peninsula tries out new ideas and technology for a full year , before releasing its designs into the world . I 'm the first journalist allowed access to see how the concept works . Such is the confidentiality surrounding these unseen rooms , I 'm sworn to secrecy as a condition of my visit . The Paris property 's pictures are n't even made available to me . This is basically a place to make mistakes , so they do n't get made in the real world . "  What happens if you wake up in the middle of the night ? Do you bump your knee on anything ? If you 're in the bathroom , does it all work ? " asks Clement Kwok , CEO of HSH . For example , the "  Dior grey " carpet originally laid will never see action . When the housekeepers came in to vacuum , it grew bald patches . The built-in television cabinet flanked by a hidden mini-bar and built-in espresso machine  with bilingual instructions  replaces a design that featured a fireplace and an in-mirror hidden TV . The team learned that watching TV during daylight hours was impossible , due to the glare from the mirror , which stretched up to the ceiling . Eventually the fireplace was cut too , and the single-panel door design was revised because it was too heavy to lift . What I see , and what will appear in Paris , are two ivory-colored panels that split and slide up and down . Peninsula has been building these rooms at a location in Hong Kong with every new property or major renovation since the 1990s , including the construction of its tower rooms in Hong Kong  1994  , and its hotels in Tokyo  2007  and Shanghai  2009  . To visit Shanghai , I just have to go next door , where the colors are richer and bolder , and the accents Art Deco , in keeping with the hotel 's location on the Bund . Tokyo 's modern lines and Zen touches must be around here somewhere , though my hosts remain tight-lipped . Rooms full of secrets I later learn the Tokyo tester room has been demolished . With construction in its final stages in Paris , and the Shanghai hotel open for more than three years , these rooms have n't seen as many visitors lately . But in 2011 and 2012 , the Paris mock-up would have been busy with members of management teams and special guests staying one or two nights . Chairman Sir Michael Kadoorie , whose family opened the first Peninsula in Hong Kong 85 years ago , has stayed overnight in the Paris , Shanghai and Tokyo models . Even couples have shared the king-sized bed . At the end of their stay , guests are asked to fill out a questionnaire that can take hours to complete . Executives give their suggestions directly to the project team , or , in the case of COO Peter Borer , experiment with changes themselves onsite . Peninsula says Borer moved around and angled different sofas , armchairs , and coffee tables until he was satisfied with the setup . There was also debate over the look and feel of the curved bathroom in Paris and whether it was worth the wasted space  its predecessors in Shanghai and Tokyo are rectangular , though the guestrooms have a similar overall layout  . Other changes were initiated from feedback that the room did n't feel "  Parisian " enough . The color scheme was changed from beige and bronze , to grey and chrome , and the wall coverings , carpet , and some of the furniture was adjusted . And there were lots of other small tweaks , including the addition of a built-in reading light in a floor lamp . A world of mock-ups Peninsula is n't the only hotel company to build and test model rooms . Starwood Hotels & Resorts which owns St. Regis , Westin , Sheraton , and others brands , has a design lab at its U.S. headquarters that features test rooms for some of its hotel lines , though not for each new property . And while Peninsula wo n't disclose how much it costs to build , test , and maintain the model rooms , its CEO says they are an investment worth making . "  The purpose of doing all of this is not to add more gold and silver into the design , " Kwok explains . "  It is very focused on ergonomics , which is the sheer convenience of staying in that room and whether everything works . " My Paris stroll and fresh croissants will have to wait . I head down a short hallway past some Eiffel Tower-inspired art , open a mirrored door , and step back into the Hong Kong sunshine . The Peninsula Paris , the luxury hotel group 's 10th hotel , is set to open on August 1 . Peninsula is also planning properties in London and Yangon , Myanmar .	Peninsula Paris rooms "  tested " in Hong Kong before release Mock-ups are identical to real rooms , and tested for a year Location is a secret , CNN 's David Molko first journalist given access
What happened in Benghazi , Libya , was a tragedy -- not a scandal . And no amount of Republican witch hunting or wishful thinking will make it otherwise . Now a new e-mail "  reveals " what was already plainly known , that the White House participated in crafting talking points in the aftermath of attacks in Libya and around the globe . Republicans claim the White House "  politicized " the talking points . The irony , of course , is that Republicans have been desperate to politicize Benghazi from day one . Fueled by the relentless conservative message machine , it can be hard to have a reasonable discussion about Benghazi , one that relies on facts . So let 's try to have that conversation here . What exactly are the Republican accusations regarding Benghazi ? The main Republican critique appears to be that the White House and State Department politicized talking points given to U.N Ambassador Susan Rice , who spoke about the attacks on American TV five days later . Republicans argue the White House deliberately downplayed the involvement of al Qaeda and played up the spontaneous nature of the protests as a reaction to an anti-Islam video , to avoid tarnishing President Obama 's national security record in advance of the 2012 presidential election . This , despite the fact that the White House talking points matched those produced by the CIA . Republicans also have criticized the Obama administration for not responding to the attacks more aggressively when they happened , though a bipartisan Senate investigation found that military resources simply were n't in position to help . Similarly , Rep. Darrell Issa , the Republican most aggressively pressing Benghazi accusations , says he has "  suspicions " that Hillary Clinton gave "  stand down " orders to stop military resources from deploying to Benghazi even though a Republican report to the Armed Services Committee says that no such "  stand down " order was issued . In addition , Republicans have criticized the Obama administration for not doing more to prevent the attacks , such as beefing up consular security . Yet it was the same House Republicans who initially denied the Obama administration 's request for additional embassy security funding . What do we believe actually happened that night in Benghazi ? The answer to that question depends on when you 're asking it . We know that the killing of four Americans on September 11 , 2012 , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , was in part the result of pre-coordinated terrorist activity . According to an extensive investigation by The New York Times , "  The attack does not appear to have been meticulously planned , but neither was it spontaneous or without warning signs . " The Times also reports that the attack was "  fueled in large part by anger at an American-made video denigrating Islam . " But in critiquing the Obama administration 's comments in 2012 in the moments during and after the Benghazi attack , what would seem more relevant is what the White House and intelligence community reasonably believed was happening . After all , at the same time as the unrest in Benghazi , violent outbursts very clearly in reaction to the anti-Islam video were going on in Egypt , Yemen and Sudan . The night of the Benghazi attacks , Al Jazeera reported they appeared to be spontaneous protests against the anti-Islam film . Of course we do n't know the classified intelligence , but it would not seem preposterous to believe what was happening in Benghazi was more spontaneous protests rather than pre-planned terrorism . And even if affiliates of al Qaeda were suspected to be involved , it 's not surprising that the intelligence community would not want to show its hand amid active efforts to track and capture those responsible . It was the CIA that removed the reference to al Qaeda , according to e-mails released to CNN by the White House . Here is what Susan Rice said , four days later , that in retrospect seems so wildly misleading to conservatives : "  Our current best assessment based on the information that we have at present is that , in fact , what this began as was a spontaneous , not a premeditated , response to what had transpired in Cairo . In Cairo , as you know , a few hours earlier , there was a violent protest that was undertaken in reaction to this very offensive video that was disseminated . "  We believe that folks in Benghazi , a small number of people , came to the embassy to -- or to the consulate , rather -- to replicate the sort of challenge that was posed in Cairo . And then , as that unfolded , it seems to have been hijacked , let us say , by some individual clusters of extremists who came with heavier weapons , weapons that , as you know , in the wake of the revolution in Libya , are quite common and accessible . And it then evolved from there . " That seems not only responsibly cautious in the wake of a complicated and still-unfolding national tragedy , but strikingly accurate . But the talking points were edited ! For political motivations ! That 's what talking points are , they are the way political figures on both sides of the aisle attempt to tell the facts in the most favorable light . That said , the CIA gave both parties in Congress the same "  talking points " it prepared for Rice . And , as noted , there are plausible national security reasons for not wanting to show our entire intelligence hand amid an active investigation . This responsible caution stands in direct contrast , for instance , to the Bush administration deliberately distorting not only talking points but also actual intelligence reports for political purposes to justify the war in Iraq . Or consider that just hours after the Benghazi killings , even before the White House had made a statement , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemned the Obama administration 's response . Those talking points were definitely political . The talking points not only seem consistent with events on the ground at the time but with what we now know , per The New York Times and several congressional reports . Yet that has n't stopped Sen. John McCain from suggesting that editing talking points amounted to a "  cover-up " and Rep. Eric Cantor from saying the White House "  misled " the American public . Ca n't we have an honest , open investigation and settle this once and for all ? We have . Several times . And then some . So far , Politico reports , Republican congressional investigations on Benghazi have included "  13 hearings , 25,000 pages of documents and 50 briefings . " In a letter written in March 2014 responding to a request for information from a ranking Democrat in the House Armed Services Committee , the Pentagon notes : "  The department has devoted thousands of man-hours to responding to numerous and often repetitive congressional requests regarding Benghazi , which includes time devoted to approximately 50 congressional hearings , briefings and interviews which the department has led or participated in . The total cost of compliance with Benghazi-related congressional requests sent to the department and other agencies is estimated to be in the millions of dollars . " A bipartisan report by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence determined that "  there were no efforts by the White House or any other executive branch entities to ` cover-up ' facts or make alterations for political purposes . " The report did say the attack could have been prevented and blamed the State Department , military and U.S. intelligence community for failing to do so . What difference does it make ? Great question . And one taken from a quote by Hillary Clinton , made during her testimony on Benghazi to the House Oversight Committee . Conservatives use the line to suggest that Clinton is callous toward the loss of life in Benghazi . No . Here 's the full context : Sen. Ron Johnson , R-Wisconsin : "  No , again , we were misled that there were supposedly protests and that something sprang out of that -- an assault sprang out of that -- and that was easily ascertained that that was not the fact , and the American people could have known that within days and they did n't know that . " Clinton : "  With all due respect , the fact is we had four dead Americans . Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they 'd go kill some Americans ? What difference at this point does it make ? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again . "  Now , honestly , I will do my best to answer your questions about this , but the fact is that people were trying in real time to get to the best information . ... But you know , to be clear , it is , from my perspective , less important today looking backward as to why these militants decided they did it than to find them and bring them to justice , and then maybe we 'll figure out what was going on in the meantime . " "  I take responsibility , " Clinton said four days after the Benghazi attacks , before Susan Rice ever said a word . "  I do feel responsible , " Clinton reiterated at the hearings in January 2013 . When things went wrong in Benghazi , the Obama administration took responsibility . But when Republicans have the facts wrong on Benghazi , they do n't do the responsible thing and drop it . They keep pursuing their partisan witch hunt , wasting millions of taxpayer dollars desperate to smear Obama and 2016 presidential front-runner Clinton with anything that will stick . The facts on Benghazi simply do not undercut the Obama administration , but that wo n't stop Republicans from digging for mud .	Sally Kohn : GOP has been desperately "  politicizing " Benghazi since it happened Kohn : In the fog of attacks , administration reported what it believed was happening Pentagon fed up with repetitive , costly GOP requests , 13 hearings , 50 briefings , she says Kohn : Benghazi investigations proved GOP wrong over and over , yet GOP will not drop it
Exiled Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky 's death is "  consistent with hanging " with no sign of a violent struggle , British investigators announced late Monday . The 67-year-old Berezovsky was found dead at a country estate south of London over the weekend , triggering speculation about the fate of a onetime tycoon known for his opposition to Russian President Vladimir Putin . "  The results of the post-mortem examination , carried out by a Home Office pathologist , have found the cause of death is consistent with hanging , " Thames Valley police reported . "  The pathologist has found nothing to indicate a violent struggle . " Investigators are still waiting for toxicology test results , which could take several weeks , the statement said . And the house in Ascot will remain under guard while investigators continue to probe his death , police added . He was found in the locked bathroom of a guest suite , police confirmed . Police scouring the scene Sunday said they had not found any sign of "  third-party involvement , " a detective said . Speculation about Berezovsky 's cause of death ran the gamut from suicide to heart attack with some pointing to his declining fortune as a possible clue . He is believed to have been in serious financial difficulties after running up huge legal fees in recent years , including what was reportedly Britain 's biggest-ever divorce settlement and a losing lawsuit against a former friend and ally , Chelsea football club owner Roman Abramovich . A close family friend , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity , said that Berezovsky was found dead by a bodyguard -- a former member of the Israeli spy agency Mossad , as Berezovsky 's bodyguards all were . He normally had three , but only one was working at the time he died , the friend said . The home where Berezovsky died is owned by his ex-wife Galina , the friend said , but Berezovsky had been staying there for a month because few people knew how to reach him there . He believed his houses were bugged had repeatedly re-written his will over the last few years ; in addition , the source said , he had discussed the importance of returning to Russia and was contemplating having his body repatriated to his homeland . He was not on medication , as far as the source was aware . Another source characterized Berezovsky 's finances as "  an immediate liquidity squeeze , but long-term , he had assets . " Over the weekend , close associates had denied that Berezovsky may have committed suicide , Russia 's state-owned RIA Novosti news agency reported . The agency said a family friend told Russian media that Berezovsky had suffered a heart attack . The colorful Berezovsky had been a Moscow math professor and systems analyst before the Soviet Union broke apart in 1991 . In the freewheeling era that followed , he made a fortune selling cars and parlayed those riches into political influence by buying into Russian media outlets . He supported Boris Yeltsin , Russia 's first post-Soviet president , and was an early backer of Putin . But after winning his Kremlin office in 2000 , Putin 's government began trying to collect on tax claims against "  oligarchs " like Berezovsky . Berezovsky fled Russian and began agitating against Putin from Britain , calling for a coup to oust the Russian president . In 2003 , as Russia was seeking his return , Berezovsky was granted political asylum by British authorities after they realized he was wanted on political grounds , not criminal ones , according to published reports at the time . The case strained relations between Moscow and London . Berezovsky was convicted of fraud and tax evasion in absentia by a Russian court in 2007 . Berezovsky also blamed the Kremlin for the death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , who was poisoned by radioactive material in London . For years , Berezovsky bankrolled the effort of Litvinenko 's widow to push for an inquest into her husband 's death . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin strongly denied . Moscow is ready to consider burying him in Russia , if it receives such a request , Russian media said , quoting presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov .	Berezovsky was in "  an immediate liquidity squeeze " but had assets , friend says Exiled Russian tycoon 's death consistent with hanging , autopsy finds He fled to the UK after a falling out with the Kremlin Detective : No evidence at this stage to suggest "  third-party involvement "
CNN  -- A report in South Korean media is fueling the ongoing speculation about the deteriorating health of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il . Kim Jong Il , seen in an undated state-issued photo , has made only two public appearances since August . YTN News , citing unidentified intelligence sources in South Korea and China , reported Monday that the 67-year-old leader has pancreatic cancer . South Korea 's Unification Ministry flatly denied the report , which comes a week after a frail-looking Kim appeared in public for the first time in months . Doctors told South Korea 's state-run Yonhap News Agency that it is impossible to tell the status of Kim 's health from the recent video of the reclusive leader . Kim appeared at a July 8 ceremony to commemorate the 15th anniversary of his father 's death . He seemed frail and gaunt as he walked into the service flanked by senior party and military officials . North Korea 's official KCNA news agency has routinely criticized the Western media for erroneously exaggerating the status of Kim 's health . Last week 's appearance was his second since he was widely reported to have suffered a stroke in August . Kim was seen in April when he was reappointed as chairman of North Korea 's military board . His recent health problems and long absence from public functions have prompted speculation on whether he was ready to groom an heir . The rules governing transfer of power in the secretive communist nation are unclear , but it is widely believed that Kim 's youngest son , Kim Jong Un , will succeed him . Facts about North Korea " In April , the North Korean leader named Kim Jong Un and brother-in-law Chang Sung Taek to the country 's powerful National Defense Commission . Chang , who is married to Kim Jong Il 's sister , has effectively run the country in the wake of the leader 's health problems , according to TIME Magazine . Chang is "  the bridge from Kim Jong Il to Kim Jong Un , " according to Baek Seung Joo , who watches North Korea at the Korea Institute for Defense Analysis , who spoke to TIME Magazine last month .	Media reports , citing unconfirmed sources , say Kim Jong Il has cancer South Korea 's Unification Ministry denies claims of illness Transfer of power rules unclear , but youngest son expected to be next at helm
CNN  -- A large group of Baltimore corrections officers and members of a notorious prison gang have been working together to peddle drugs , phones and sex inside the city 's jail , prosecutors say . But an indictment released this week is another shot , prosecutors say , in putting an end to it . An indictment , announcing charges on 14 more Baltimore corrections officers , reads like script from the now defunct HBO crime drama "  The Wire . " But the U.S. Attorney 's Office for Maryland says this drama involving prison gang , the Black Guerrilla Family , and a growing number of Baltimore jail guards has gone on for too long . "  Correctional officers were in bed with BGF inmates , " said U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein . Rosenstein seemed to mean that literally and figuratively , court documents show . According to one indictment , alleged gang member Tavon White had a sexual relationship with four jail guards while he was incarcerated . He impregnated all four of them and they all helped him smuggle items in prison , according to the indictment . One of the guards had "  Tavon " tattooed on her wrist , the indictment said . In January , White summed up his standing in the prison while talking on a cell phone that had been smuggled in , the indictment says "  This is my jail . You understand that ? I 'm dead serious ... I make every final call in this jail ... and nothing go past me ... Any of my brothers that deal with anybody , it 's gon na come to me . Before  somebody  stab somebody , they got ta run it through me , " White said according to the indictment . Correctional officers were allegedly "  bribed " to smuggle in drugs , cell phones and other prohibited objects , which they hid underneath their clothes , "  inside body cavities , " even in sandwiches . New Orleans jail video shows drugs , guns , filth Some inmates who were n't part of the gang had to pay protection money -- or more accurately , their relatives on the outside did -- authorities claim . "  Court documents allege the BGF members recruited correctional officers through personal and often sexual relationships , as well as bribes , and that some officers traded sex for money , " the U.S. Attorney 's office said in its news release . The end result was what Rosenstein 's office called a "  criminal organization " operating inside jails "  enabling  participants  to make large amounts of money through drug trafficking , robbery , assault , extortion , bribery , witness retaliation , money laundering and obstruction of justice . " The investigation first came to light in April with the announcement of the first round of arrests . In all , 44 people have been indicted on federal charges . Twenty seven of them are Baltimore correctional officers , CNN affiliate WJZ reported . Is in-jail night club inmate 's latest perk ? CNN 's Dave Stewart contributed to this report .	In all , 27 Baltimore correctional officers have been charged in the scheme They face drug possession and distribution charges In once case , a guard had a prisoner 's name tattooed on her wrist , indictment says Some correctional officers allegedly traded sex for money
CNN  -- Seven American service members were among the 11 people killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan on Thursday , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . Three members of the Afghan National Security Forces and an Afghan civilian interpreter also died in the crash of the UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter . Some of the U.S. troops killed are believed to be special operations forces , according to Pentagon officials . The cause of the crash is under investigation , ISAF said . Pentagon officials added that investigators will look into the possibility that the aircraft was shot down or suffered a mechanical failure . The helicopter was on patrol when it went down in the Chinarto area of Shah Wali Kut district in Kandahar province , the Kandahar governor 's office said in a statement . It 's not clear whether the helicopter was in the area because of military operations , the office said . But military analyst Bill Roggio told CNN he thinks the helicopter could have been involved in a raid , a resupply mission or some sort of special operation because both Afghans and Americans from two different commands were aboard the flight . Four of the Americans were classified as ISAF service members , and the other three were from United States Forces-Afghanistan . In a separate incident Thursday , ISAF said another service member died after a bombing in southern Afghanistan . The nationality of the victim was not released . The violence comes two days after one of the bloodiest days in Afghanistan so far this year , with three separate attacks leaving at least 47 people dead and as many as 145 wounded , according to government and police officials . Six other helicopter crashes involving Operation Enduring Freedom , the official name for the U.S. operation in Afghanistan , occurred this year , according to a CNN count . Sixteen Americans died in the first five crashes : six in January , four in April and two each in May , June , and July . Four of the crashes occurred in Afghanistan and one was in Oman . The ones in May and June involved hostilities , and the others have been classified as non-hostile , authorities said . And in March , 12 Turkish service members died in a helicopter crash in Kabul province . Last August , 30 Americans and eight Afghans died when the Taliban downed a helicopter near Kabul . Of the 30 killed , 22 were Navy personnel . Seventeen of them were members of the SEALs . The stories of those who lost their lives in the Chinook crash The other eight U.S. troops killed were three Air Force forward air controllers and five Army helicopter crew members . Roggio -- the managing editor of Long War Journal , a blog that reports and analyzes the war against terror -- said "  historically , the number of crashes and shootdowns have been relatively low " during the war . "  They are going to happen . They happen in training , " he said . Current figures are low , he said , compared to the Afghan war against the Soviets in the 1980s when the CIA , he said , supplied and trained jihadis in the use of Stinger missiles , the surface-to-air weapons . What 's different today , Roggio said , is that Taliban militants do n't have the same level of equipment , coalition helicopter crews perform better and the aircraft receive excellent maintenance . Home and Away : U.S. and coalition casualties CNN 's Masoud Popalzai , Barbara Starr and Lindsey Knight contributed to this report .	NEW : Some U.S. troops killed are thought to be special operations forces , officials say Besides the 7 Americans , 4 Afghans also died -- 3 soldiers and an interpreter Other Operation Enduring Freedom copter crashes have killed Americans , Turks this year In a separate incident , another service member died in southern Afghanistan
Hours before the Senate votes on whether to arm Syrian rebels to fight ISIS , a thinly veiled smackdown broke out on Thursday between Sens. Rand Paul and John McCain about the issue . It was the latest episode in a public feud that has implications over the future of the Republican Party . Paul railed against the notion that arming Syrian rebels is going to be an effective tactic to fight ISIS , lambasting what he called "  barnacled enablers " for pushing a policy that he said will harm American interests in the long run . "  They 've never met a war they did n't like , " Paul said on the Senate floor Thursday of the "  Washington crowd " without naming names . Paul has been embroiled in a bitter debate within his party over foreign policy , especially with McCain . The debate between the two has become personal as McCain has labeled Paul an isolationist and as having a "  fundamental lack of understanding " of international threats . Why Rand Paul ca n't shake isolationist image Paul , who is considering a presidential run , did not mention McCain 's name , but references to the long-time Arizona Senator were peppered throughout . "  What we have here is a failure to understand , " Paul said , that "  intervention creates chaos . " In a very thinly veiled swipe , Paul once again brought up a debunked report that McCain took pictures with members of ISIS before he completely understood the dynamics of the group . "  To those who wish unlimited intervention and boots on the ground everywhere , remember the smiling poses of politicians pontificating about so-called freedom fighters and heroes in Libya , in Syria and Iraq unaware of that the so-called freedom fighters may well have been allied with kidnappers and killers and jihadists , " Paul said . Paul says that arming Syrians before we have a complete understanding of who they are and where their alliances align is dangerous . "  It 's absurd , " Paul said of the policy . "  We should n't be fighting alongside jihadists . " Moments after Paul finished his speech , McCain took to the microphone and pushed back against that argument , insisting moderate fighters do exist in Syria . "  What 's their solution ? " McCain rhetorically asked opponents , including Paul . This is Paul 's question : "  When will we quit listening to the advocates who have been wrong about every foreign policy position of the last two decades ? " The Senate is voting on a government spending package to fund the government and in it is a measure to allow arming and training Syrian rebels .	Sen. Rand Paul called those pushing for arming Syrians "  enablers " of war Paul has been embroiled in a bitter debate with Sen. John McCain over foreign policy McCain pushed back against the criticism that moderate fighters do n't exist in Syria
Washington  CNN  -- Despite mounting pressure from Democratic colleagues to resign over the sexting scandal that dominated the headlines this week , embattled Rep. Anthony Weiner insists he 's staying in office . Among other things , the New York congressman can point to a Marist College poll released Thursday showing that a majority of registered voters in his district -- 56 % -- do n't believe he should step down . Only 33 % believe he should go . Assuming Weiner stays , the question now becomes whether the House ethics panel will heed Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi 's call for an investigation of the case . It involves whether Weiner used government resources in sending lewd photos and sexual-tinged messages in his online communications with several women , and his series of lies when news of what he was doing became public . The known facts so far do n't suggest any criminal violations by Weiner , said Jonathan Turley , a George Washington University law professor , in an interview Thursday with CNN . All of Weiner 's sexting appeared to be with adults , while prosecution usually focuses on people transmitting pornographic materials to children , Turley noted . In addition , Weiner never called for a federal investigation of the case and therefore avoided one of the biggest dangers of prosecution -- lying to federal investigators , Turley said . "  I think that the odds are ... that he wo n't be criminally charged , " he said . On the other hand , a congressional investigation by the House Committee on Ethics , formerly known as the Committee on Standards of Official Conduct , could be a costly and politically charged process lasting for months and perhaps years . Turley noted that the ethics panel has a reputation for being "  toothless , " and he questioned the wisdom of prosecuting a legislator for a private act , saying it opened the door to future investigations based on lifestyle or other non-legal issues . However , Turley noted that House rules prohibit conduct that discredits the chamber , and that Weiner 's most obvious misconduct appeared to be lying publically by initially claiming his Twitter account had been hacked by someone who posted a lewd photo to a 21-year-old college student in Washington state . Weiner later admitted he sent the photo . Pelosi asked for the ethics committee to investigate in order to pressure Weiner to resign , according to Democratic sources . Her letter to the top Republican and Democrat on the House ethics panel noted that Weiner had "  disclosed conduct which he described as inappropriate . " "  An investigation by the Ethics Committee to determine whether the Rules of the House of Representatives have been violated is warranted , " Pelosi said in the letter . As pressure built for some indication about the Ethics Committee 's intentions , the panel 's Republican chairman and ranking Democratic member issued a statement this week underscoring their duty to impartiality and confidentiality . The statement made no mention of Weiner . "  If and when an investigation is appropriate in any matter , the Committee will carry out its responsibilities pursuant to our rules and with the utmost integrity and fairness , " said the statement from Reps. Jo Bonner , R-Alabama , and Linda Sanchez , D-California . "  Pursuant to our rules of confidentiality , we will not have any further comment at this time . " To Stanley Brand , a lawyer who formerly served as House General Counsel and has participated in ethics committee investigations , the request by Pelosi for an investigation made no sense . There was no criminal violation , Brand said , and focusing on Weiner 's case will set an undesirable precedent . "  Why these Democrats think it 's a good idea to turn internet peccadilloes into ethics violations , I do n't understand , " Brand told CNN . "  The world is using these devices , and they 're going to be sinking their own boats when they do it . " The prospect of months of expensive legal wrangling over his private life was supposed to persuade Weiner to step down in order to end the sensational news headlines that Democrats say are distracting from their messaging on Medicare reform and other issues . Now that Weiner appears likely to stay in office , it is unclear whether the ethics panel will decide to launch an investigation . No specific ethics rules deal with social media such as Twitter , which is one of the forms of online communications involved in the Weiner case . While lying to evade detection would be considered inappropriate , it is not a violation likely to bring significant punishment . Norm Ornstein , a political analyst for the American Enterprise Institute , said Pelosi 's call for an ethics investigation was necessary for both procedural and political reasons . "  Weiner 's actions raise clear questions about whether he used government resources for his shenanigans , " Ornstein told CNN , and Pelosi 's request also sent "  a clear signal of disapproval of the leadership . " "  It stands in stark contrast with the muted response Senate and House Republican leaders had to David Vitter 's confessions , and to the allegations against John Ensign , " Ornstein 's e-mail said of cases involving sexual misconduct and other alleged violations by Republican legislators . "  If Weiner stays , it is clear that it will be without much backing in any fashion , public or private , from his Democratic colleagues , " Ornstein said in the e-mail . Weiner has said he welcomed the investigation , which could go in a number of directions . The committee could find that the congressman , however repugnant his actions , did nothing to violate House rules . Or it could find that he damaged the reputation of the House and recommend a fine and possibly a reprimand . More seriously , Weiner could be censured . The most serious penalty would be expulsion , something rarely recommended . At most , Weiner is likely going to receive a letter admonishing him for his behavior , predicted Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington . "  The best you 've got  so far  is that his behavior does n't reflect credibly on the House . But that 's a pretty vague charge , and  the ethics committee does n't  use that every time a politician lies . Otherwise they 'd be pretty busy . " Sloan noted that House rules allow for use of government property such as phones for personal purposes as long as an extra cost is not incurred by taxpayers . Both Democrats and Republicans will feel a degree of "  discomfort " dealing with Weiner 's case , Sloan said . There is a "  real danger to saying sexual misconduct is something the committee 's going to investigate , " she noted , raising the specter of possible sexual improprieties on the part of other members . Theoretically , the ethics committee is supposed to act as a non-partisan judicial body , she added . But it 's impossible to completely eliminate political considerations from the committee 's deliberations . Weiner 's fellow New York Democrat , Rep. Charlie Rangel , was censured by the House last December after being found guilty on 11 counts of violating House rules , including a failure to pay taxes on a vacation home and improperly using his office to raise money for an educational center bearing his name . Democratic support for Rangel , a former chairman of the powerful tax law-writing House Ways and Means Committee , eroded over time due to a steady stream of new allegations of misconduct and , according to some observers , a poor response to investigators . "  If the scandal deepens with additional revelations , the pressure on Weiner to resign will increase , " said Adam Sheingate , a Johns Hopkins political scientist . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Democratic colleagues want Rep. Anthony Weiner to resign over a sexting scandal House Minority Leader Pelosi has called for an ethics investigation of Weiner Analysts warn the investigation could set an undesired precedent A majority of registered voters in Weiner 's district do n't want the congressman to step down
CNN  -- The son of former Liberian President Charles Taylor Sr. was sentenced Friday to 97 years in prison for charges including torture and conspiracy , according to a federal court in Florida . The U.S.-born son of Charles Taylor Sr. , pictured , moved to Liberia when his father became president . U.S. District Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga sentenced Charles "  Chuckie " Taylor Jr. , 31 , in a Friday morning session that lasted four hours , according to a court document . Altonaga cited Taylor 's "  sadistic , cruel and atrocious past , " saying it "  constituted unacceptable , universally condemned torture , " The Miami Herald reported . "  The lengthy prison term handed down today justly reflects the horror and torture that Taylor Jr. visited upon his victims , " said Matthew Friedrich , acting assistant attorney general of the criminal division . Taylor , also known as Charles McArthur Emmanuel , was convicted October 30 of torture , conspiracy to commit torture and firearm charges . His case , tried in Miami , was the first brought under a 1994 U.S. law saying those accused of committing torturous acts overseas can be tried in a U.S. federal court , as long as the person is a U.S. national or is present in the United States , regardless of nationality . Calls to Taylor 's defense attorneys were not immediately returned . Prosecutors had asked for Taylor to be sentenced to 147 years . Taylor was born in Boston , Massachusetts , but he moved to Liberia when his father was named president . Prosecutors said Taylor became the leader of the Anti-Terrorist Unit and the Liberian National Police while his father was president . The two groups are accused of abducting , torturing and killing people . From 1999 to 2002 , Taylor committed torture and allowed others to commit torture , prosecutors said . Taylor and his associated burned victims with molten plastic , lighted cigarettes , candle wax and an iron . Some were severely beaten with firearms , cut and stabbed and shocked with an electric device , prosecutors said in an indictment that superseded the initial indictment from 2006 . In the initial indictment , Taylor was charged with one count of torture , one count of conspiracy to torture and one count of using a firearm during the commission of a violent crime . The superseding September 2007 indictment -- which incorporated the initial charges -- included five counts of torture , one count of conspiracy to torture , one count of using a firearm during the commission of a violent crime and one count of conspiracy to use a firearm during the commission of a violent crime . The defense had said the U.S. government had little or no evidence to back up its claims . Also Friday , the World Organization for Human Rights USA filed a civil class action suit against Taylor on behalf of a group of people who are said to have been subjected to torture and other human rights abuses by Taylor or his subordinates , according to the organization . The suit seeks declaratory relief and general , compensatory and punitive damages , the organization said in a written statement . "  This civil suit aims to address Defendant Taylor 's wrongs on a much greater scale " than the criminal trial , the organization said . Taylor 's father , Charles Taylor Sr. , is standing trial in The Hague , Netherlands , on war crimes charges . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence reflects "  horror and torture " visited upon victims , state official says NEW : Human Rights organization sues Taylor on behalf of alleged torture victims Charles "  Chuckie " Taylor Jr. sentenced for charges including torture and conspiracy Son of ex-Liberian president convicted October 30
CNN  -- Weeks after muting his public criticisms , Ai Weiwei has broken his silence . In an editorial about China 's capital city , published on Newsweek 's website on August 29 , the country 's most prominent contemporary artist and dissident describes Beijing as "  a city of violence " and "  a constant nightmare . " He complained that "  the worst thing about Beijing is that you can never trust the judicial system . " "  Beijing is two cities , " he opines . "  One is of power and of money . The other city is one of desperation . I see people on public buses , and I see their eyes , and I see they hold no hope . " Ai , 54 , was part of a team that helped design the Bird 's Nest stadium for the Beijing Olympics . Later , however , he called for a boycott of the 2008 Summer Games because he said China was using them as propaganda . Ai Weiwei joins Google + In his essay Ai remains critical . "  None of my art represents Beijing , " he writes . "  The Bird 's Nest -- I never think about it . After the Olympics , the common folks do n't talk about it because the Olympics did not bring joy to the people . " Ai 's new comments could further strain his relations with the Chinese officialS . On April 3 Ai was detained at the Beijing airport while en route to Hong Kong . He was held for 81 days . Chinese authorities accused him of tax evasion , although he was never formally charged . His family maintains that the detention was politically motivated . The maverick artist had offended Chinese authorities with his use of avant garde art and the Internet to criticize government policies and behavior . He used social networking sites like Twitter and its Chinese version "  weibo " to influence public opinion and lobby against official abuse . Months after the massive 2008 earthquake , for example , he mobilized hundreds of volunteers to investigate the deaths of schoolchildren in school buildings that collapsed in the Sichuan quake . Ai later published their names on this Twitter account to demand accountability . He has also accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents . In the past several months , rights groups say China has rounded up lawyers , human rights activists and bloggers following online calls for anti-government protests-a "  Jasmine Revolution " -- similar to those that have swept the Middle East . Government censors also have apparently blocked internet links to phrases like "  jasmine revolution " and names such as "  Ai Weiwei " to cut the flow of information , activists say . When Ai was released from detention in June , Beijing reportedly imposed conditions on him , including a gag order , forbidding him from talking to the press . But Ai is now again speaking out publicly . In his Newsweek editorial , the artist writes , "  there are positives to beijing , " pointing out that there are a few nice parks . He writes about walking in a park in Beijing and notes that a few people came up to him and gave him a thumbs-up or a pat on the shoulder . Ai asks : "  Why do they have to do that in such a secretive way ? No one is willing to speak out . What are they waiting for ? "	Ai Weiwei describes Beijing as "  a city of violence " in a recent Newsweek article The dissident artist consistently defies a "  gagging order " imposed on him in China The artist was detained in China this year but no charges were brought against him
CNN  -- The Department of Justice served the state of West Virginia two subpoenas this week , the governor 's office said late Friday , adding that they had "  not been informed that Governor -LSB- Joe -RSB- Manchin or any other state employee is under investigation . " The statement came after West Virginia Watchdog , a state chapter of the nonprofit Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity , reported the subpoenas are part of a federal grand jury investigation into work done at the Governor 's Mansion in Charleston . West Virginia Watchdog asked for contracts and records for businesses that have done work at the mansion . The Justice Department had no comment . Manchin 's office said in a written statement that neither of the two subpoenas "  was directed to Governor Manchin or the Governor 's Office " and that "  no individual " in his office was served . "  The Governor has directed State officials to fully cooperate and comply expeditiously , " the statement said . "  Governor Manchin wants to get to the bottom of the issue as soon as possible . " Steven Allen Adams , the West Virginia Watchdog managing editor who also works for the conservative-leaning Public Policy Foundation of West Virginia , cited an unnamed source who said Manchin was the target of the probe . Manchin , a Democrat , has been in office since 2005 . He announced in July he would seek to fill the unexpired term of the late Sen. Robert Byrd .	West Virginia gets federal subpoenas Governor 's office says governor , staff were not served Governor is seeking the late Robert Byrd 's Senate seat Watchdog organization says governor is target of probe
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The vicious cycle of violence -- with more than 900 people killed in the span of a week -- is tearing the social fabric of Egypt and threatens to put the economy into a tailspin when it can least afford it . Two core drivers of the region 's most populous country , tourism and foreign investment , are under threat as violence spreads to the Sinai Peninsula . Read more : Demonstrator tells ` why we are willing to die ' At least 25 Egyptian policemen were killed in an ambush close to the town of Raffah on the border of Gaza . This was the same location where 16 soldiers were killed a year ago , which led then President Mohamed Morsy to make a power grab over the military . Read more : U.S. holds up aid to Egypt The area is considered lawless , with a toxic mix of Bedouin tribes and a fresh flow of Islamic militants who have come in after conflicts in North Africa . But the Sinai is a vast area , covering 60,000 square kilometers  23,000 square miles  . The two attacks happened in the north , but worries have spread quickly to the Red Sea resorts in the south . A tourist was killed last week during violence in Hurghada , part of the south . Now , authorities recommend that tourists who remain there do not leave their resort compounds . Read more : ` Please darling ... I 'm worried sick ' A handful of European countries have put in place travel alerts and a similar number of the region 's tour operators have advised clients to avoid the popular dive spot and its pristine beaches altogether . The tourism sector is the number one export earner for Egypt , and made up 11 % of GDP in 2012 . One well-known hotel owner in Sharm el Sheikh , who spoke on background , said tourism receipts were down 25 % at his resort in the first half as high end visitors avoided the Red Sea . Those who kept their plans intact are spending less , he said . If tourism is the big foreign exchange earner , then foreign investment has been a pillar of long term job creation by leading multi-national brands . Read more : Egypt explained Some of them decided to suspend operations during the height of the chaos . This list includes vehicle makers General Motors , Toyota and Suzuki , German chemical giant BASF , Swedish household goods manufacturer Electrolux and the Dutch brewer Heineken . Three have decided to re-open -- GM , BASF and Electrolux -- but it is not clear if they can be fully operational in this climate of uncertainty . Watch more : The photojournalist who captured his own death Foreign investment was flowing into Egypt during the height of economic reforms . According to the Ministry of Investment , the country raised $ 49.2 billion between 2005 to 2010 . In the last two years , it garnered only 10 % of that total . If existing investors in the country , with sizable commitments to plant and equipment are wobbly , others who had Egypt in their top list of destinations must be thinking twice . Watch more : Egyptian blogger on crackdown Egypt has its allies who do n't want to see the so-called road-map veer off course . The interim government says it is committed to constitutional reform and elections by early 2014 . Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister Prince Saud Al Faisal has raised fears of a domino effect if the country is not stabilized , warning Europeans that things can get much worse if aid is cut off . That is why the Saudi Prince came out to suggest that the Gulf States will be willing to fill any funding cut off by the European Union or the U.S. Egypt 's central bank said it had nearly $ 19 billion dollars on hand at the end of July , the highest total since November 2011 . That sum sounds promising , but it is only a six month supply of capital . Turkey , for example , has foreign reserves of nearly $ 130 billion according to the country 's central bank .	Egypt 's cycle of violence is tearing the country apart and threatening its economy The country 's key drivers of growth , tourism and foreign investment , are under pressure Tourists are leaving , aid is under question and foreign investment is dropping The country can not afford its economy to go into tailspin
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Soulja Boy faces a felony weapons charge after police say he was carrying a loaded gun in Los Angeles Wednesday . The 23-year-old rapper , whose real name is DeAndre Cortez Way , was arrested after a Los Angeles police officer pulled over a car in which he was a passenger , police spokeswoman Rosario Herrera told CNN . Soulja Boy was booked into a San Fernando Valley jail , but freed after posting a $ 35,000 bond Wednesday afternoon , according to jail records . The traffic stop happened on a residential street in the Granada Hills area of the San Fernando Valley at 4 a.m. , Herrera said . He was arrested on felony weapons and drug charges during a traffic stop on a Georgia interstate in October 2011 . Police said they found a "  felony amount " of marijuana and firearms in his rented SUV . The local district attorney in Carroll County , Georgia , declined to prosecute the case because federal prosecutors took it over , according to a spokesman for the district attorney . The U.S. attorney 's office in Atlanta did not immediately respond to a CNN question about the status of the case . Rapper Young Jeezy arrested ... again	NEW : Soulja Boy was freed after posting $ 35,000 bond Wednesday afternoon Los Angeles police stopped a car Soulja Boy was riding in early Wednesday He was arrested on weapons and drug charges in Georgia in 2011
CNN  -- The Senate on Thursday passed its version of the health care bill , inching the country closer to the biggest expansion of medical coverage since Medicare was enacted more than four decades ago . Senate Democrats declared victory after the 60-39 party line vote , but one of the most complicated tasks is still ahead . A conference committee must reconcile the differences -- notably a public option , how to pay for the plan that emerges , and coverage for abortion -- and merge them into one . The House and Senate will then have to pass the revised plan before it can be sent to President Obama 's desk . Each chamber needs a simple majority vote for final passage . Although the House wo n't be in session until January 12 , House staff will begin working through the differences on the two chambers ' bills , according to several Democratic aides . Leaders and committee chairmen will return in early January for health care meetings . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said the House and Senate bills are in some ways "  irreconcilable . " Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele scoffed at the idea of negotiations . "  There wo n't be a legitimate conference . The House members are being told to accept whatever the Senate bill comes up with , " he said on a conference call . But Democrats and the White House insist the bill that comes out of the conference will represent a huge step forward for health care reform . Norm Ornstein , a congressional scholar with the American Enterprise Institute , agrees that the final bill will end up looking a lot like what came out of the Senate . "  Are they dramatically different in some key respects ? Yes . But you can reconcile two bills by picking one over the other , " Ornstein said . "  The question that remains is can they get 218 House Democrats to swallow the Kaopectate , which means basically to swallow hard and accept something that is basically the product of the Senate , " he said . The House might be able to make changes around the margins , but that will be it , Ornstein said . The biggest difference between the two bills is the public option . The House bill has one ; the Senate bill does not . The Senate bill originally included a government-sponsored plan with the option for states to opt out , but that was dropped as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid tried to secure the votes of moderate Democrats . The Senate bill instead allows nonprofit private insurers to offer coverage with approval of the Office of Personnel Management , which oversees the federal employees ' health plan . In asking House Democrats to give up the public option , "  the argument that is going to be made here to House Democrats is , ` Do you want a health bill or do you want nothing ? ' " Ornstein said . Given the reality that there were n't the necessary 60 votes in the Senate for a public option , there was n't much discussion among House leaders about pushing hard for the Senate to include one in its bill . "  They -LSB- the Senate -RSB- tried to see if they had support for it . There is n't . That 's the reality , " a top Democratic leadership aide told CNN . "  I think a lot of people are coming to terms with that and I do n't know how productive it would be to bring it out again . " Another sticking point is coverage for abortion . A late compromise in the House led to the adoption of the Stupak-Pitts amendment , which bans most abortion coverage from the public option . It would also prohibit abortion coverage in private policies available in the exchange to people receiving federal subsidies . A similar amendment introduced by Sen. Ben Nelson failed in the Senate . To get Nelson 's vote , a compromise was reached that allows states to choose whether to ban abortion coverage in health plans offered in the insurance exchanges . Individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges would have to pay for abortion coverage with their own money . As lawmakers work to merge the bills , there will be no other option than to pick the Nelson compromise , Ornstein said . The real question is whether or not Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak "  tries to lead an insurgent group of pro-life Democrats away from the bill as a result of a compromise , " he added . The House and Senate bills also conflict on how to pay for the plans . The House plan is projected to guarantee coverage for 96 percent of Americans at a cost of more than $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . The Senate plan is projected to cover 94 percent of Americans with an $ 871 billion price tag over the next 10 years , according to the CBO . The House plan pays for health care reform with a 5.4 percent surtax on incomes for those making over $ 500,000 a year , as well as families earning more than $ 1 million . It also includes a 2.5 percent tax on medical devices sold in the United States . The Senate plan increases the Medicare payroll tax on individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and couples earning more than $ 250,000 from the current 1.45 percent to 2.35 percent . The Senate bill also imposes a new tax on insurers that provide so-called "  Cadillac " health plans valued at more than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . The 40 percent tax would be on the value of the plan . In addition , it imposes a 10 percent tax on indoor tanning salon treatments . Both bills call for cutting hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicare and Medicaid . Ornstein said the funding mechanism is one area where the House might be able to pull some weight . How to handle illegal immigrants could pose another obstacle as lawmakers iron out their differences . The House bill mandates insurance coverage for illegal immigrants and allows illegal immigrants to enroll in the public option and to buy private coverage in the national insurance exchange , but prohibits government subsidies for such private coverage . The Senate plan exempts illegal immigrants from the health coverage mandate , and prohibits illegal immigrants from participating in the insurance exchanges . Despite the differences , Ornstein predicts a bill will likely come out of conference quickly , although it wo n't be a smooth process . "  Part of the reason they are going to jump up and scream in outrage is , once you get down to the point where you need every vote , as we saw with the Senate example , it 's a great way to extract favors . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Conference committee must merge House , Senate bills Bills differ on public option , abortion language , funding Final bill will look a lot like the Senate bill , congressional scholar says Lawmakers might try to extract favors in final negotiations , Ornstein says
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- Gov. Sarah Palin will need to flesh out the image of the "  hockey mom " she presented to the Republican National Convention and start to educate voters on what she believes about the issues they care about . Gov. Sarah Palin will need to expand on her "  hockey mom " image . Socially conservative , blue-collar voters in the critical swing states of Ohio , Pennsylvania and Michigan are likely to find a lot to like in the moose-hunting , gun-toting , hard-talking mother of five . But the Alaska governor is still largely an unknown figure , and many voters - particularly independents - will have questions about her views on a range of policy issues . "  The biggest question hanging over Palin : Is she ready to take over as president , " CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said . "  She has two months to convince voters she is . She can talk about her experience , but what will count is how she handles herself under the pressure of the campaign . " In her speech to the Republican National Convention , she did n't get into details on the economy , education or higher energy prices , except to call for more drilling offshore and in the North Slope of Alaska . A CNN Poll conducted August 29-31 , the weekend after John McCain picked Palin as a running mate , found that 38 percent of those polled had a favorable opinion of the Alaska governor while 21 percent had an unfavorable view . But 41 percent said they were unfamiliar with Palin . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 3 percent . Voters will want to know more about Palin 's social views , particularly her views on abortion , which are to the right of public opinion . Palin 's decision not to abort her child after she learned that he had Down syndrome made her a favorite of anti-abortion advocates , but her opposition to abortion rights , including in the cases of rape and incest , may turn off suburban women , particularly those who supported Hillary Clinton . Watch what Palin believes on the issues " Palin , despite her statement Wednesday night that she was not going to Washington to "  seek the good opinion " of Washington 's elite , will also have to face the media . She has not had any one-on-one interviews since she was tapped as McCain 's running mate . "  After the convention , Sarah Palin will face a tough news conference , just as Geraldine Ferraro did in 1984 and Dan Quayle did in 1988 , " Schneider said . "  Ferraro handled her news conference so skillfully , the press effectively declared her innocent even though she really did n't answer all their questions . "  Ferraro provides Palin a model for how to handle the press , " he said . "  Quayle , not so much . " And Palin will face more questions about her role in the evolving "  trooper-gate " scandal in which a former public safety commissioner says he was terminated because he did not fire an Alaska state trooper who was going through a divorce from Palin 's sister . Furthermore , Palin must prepare for her debate with the Democrat 's vice presidential nominee , Sen. Joe Biden . Biden , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Policy Committee , has been in the Senate for more than three decades and is considered one of the foremost foreign policy experts in the Capitol . Watch Biden say he was impressed by Palin " He is also known as a skilled debater , but his direct , slashing style may backfire if it appears he is beating up on the Republican 's first female vice presidential pick . Palin will need to show a command of crucial economic and foreign policy challenges facing the country and demonstrate how her experience as an elected official has prepared her to be a heartbeat away from the presidency . Palin has served less then two years as Alaska 's governor . Before winning her state 's stop office , she served on Alaska 's oil and gas board and was mayor of her hometown of Wasillia . She gave a strong speech Wednesday night in her primetime debut , and she has accomplished something that had eluded McCain before the Republican convention : She has fired up the conservative base . "  I did not want that to end last night . ... I did n't want the night to end , " conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said Thursday . "  This lady has turned it all around . ... From now on , on this program , John McCain will be known as ` John McBrilliant . ' " Palin appeared completely comfortable with the "  attack dog " role often played by vice presidential nominees . In fact , she opened her speech Wednesday night by joking that the only difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull is lipstick . Watch Palin slam Obama " Palin then went on to relentlessly attack the Democratic ticket , including mocking the Barack Obama 's time as a community organizer in Chicago . "  I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a community organizer , except that you have actual responsibilities , " Palin said . The Republican delegates in the hall enthusiastically received the line , but many independent voters may be turned away by Palin 's biting , sarcastic tone . Watch Paul Begala call Palin 's sarcasm unappealing " "  It is clear from tonight 's national debut that Sarah Palin may connect extremely well in rural , small-town America , and , no doubt , Republicans will be sending her there in key states like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Michigan and the like . " David Gergen , a CNN senior political analyst , said after Palin 's speech . "  Her pit bull style -- combined with her humor and presence along with her roots -- will likely draw people to her . Lots of people there will look forward to hearing her in person . "  The question for me is whether she will also appeal in suburban America , " he said . "  I am not at all certain that she will . Her combative , anti-elitist style along with her staunch conservatism on issues like abortion may just leave a lot of voters cool , if not cold . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Palin must provide specific views on issues voters care about GOP vice presidential nominee 's views still largely unknown to voters Palin must also prove to voters she is ready to take on the presidency if necessary Alaska governor still faces questions about her involvement in "  trooper-gate "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- To this day , Linda Haywood recalls the shame she once felt for her great-uncle . Jack Johnson was convicted of transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes . " "  I could see from the expression on my mother 's face that it pained her to tell me about him , " she recalled , "  but it was n't just her . The shame was there for all the members of my family . " Haywood 's great-uncle , Jack Johnson , shocked the nation in 1908 by becoming the first African-American world heavyweight champion . Yet the boxer was arrested not long afterward for taking a white woman across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . That case fell apart and the woman later became his wife , but then investigators charged him with a similar offense involving a woman he had dated years earlier . An all-white jury 's decision to convict him in that case has come to be widely viewed as a symbol of racial injustice . Now Haywood is working with Sen. John McCain and others to try to clear her great-uncle 's name . McCain wants the Senate to pass a resolution urging President Obama to grant Johnson a presidential pardon . It would represent a final vindication for Haywood , a 53-year-old seamstress in Chicago who now views her great-uncle with pride . Her parents did n't tell her until she was 12 that she was related to Johnson , even though she saw his photo at school during lessons on black history . "  I remember seeing his picture on the wall of my sixth-grade classroom in Chicago in 1966 , " Haywood said in a voice tinged with sadness . "  It was up there next to pictures of Sojourner Truth and George Washington Carver as part of a black history week my teacher put together . I did n't have the first clue who the man was . My parents did n't want me to know . " Her parents , she said , were trying to protect her from a legacy of racial injustice at a time when the country had yet to emerge from the long shadow of segregation . Haywood was stunned when she learned her great-uncle 's story . Less than five years after winning the heavyweight title , Johnson was convicted for violating the Mann Act , which outlawed the transportation of women across state lines for "  immoral " purposes . Johnson was black and the woman was white -- enough to get even a champion imprisoned in early 20th century America . Justice Department lawyers decried it as a "  crime against nature " for him to have a sexual relationship with a white woman . Judge Kennesaw Mountain Landis , later to become the first commissioner of Major League Baseball , set Johnson 's bail at $ 30,000 -- the equivalent of more than $ 660,000 today . When a bail bondsman showed up , Landis jailed him , too , according to an account that filmmaker Ken Burns relays in his documentary , "  Unforgivable Blackness : The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson . " An all-white jury convicted Johnson in less than two hours . "  Mr. Johnson was perhaps persecuted as an individual , but ... it was his misfortune to be the foremost example of the evil in permitting the intermarriage of whites and blacks , " one of the prosecutors later said . Johnson 's real crime , in the eyes of many , was committed three years earlier , when he successfully defended his boxing title against Jim Jeffries , a white boxer who came to be called the "  Great White Hope " because many white fans saw him as the best chance to wrest back a boxing title from the African-American champ . Jeffries , a former heavyweight champion , had come out of retirement intending to reclaim a title that many Americans believed Johnson had no right to in the first place . Johnson beat Jeffries on July 4 , 1910 , before a stunned , almost entirely white crowd in Reno , Nevada . Race riots followed . More than 20 people were killed and hundreds were injured . Most victims were black . So when they "  could n't beat him in the ring , the white power establishment decided to beat him in the courts , " Burns said in his documentary . Johnson fled to Europe in 1913 while free on appeal . But after years of fights overseas -- including the eventual loss of his title in Havana , Cuba , in 1915 -- Johnson came home . He turned himself over to U.S. authorities at the Mexican border in 1920 and served ten months in prison . He died in a car wreck in 1946 . "  Back then , if you were black and you were told that you did something wrong , you really had no recourse , " said Haywood . "  You just accepted what was done because black people were basically powerless and voiceless . Jack may have been a rich boxer , but he could n't fight the system . " Today , in a very different America , Haywood 's family is seeking justice . They 've teamed up with Burns , McCain and Rep. Peter King , a New York Republican , to urge the nation 's first African-American president to grant Johnson a rare posthumous pardon . McCain and King introduced resolutions calling for a presidential pardon in 2005 and last year . The House passed it , but the Senate did not . The White House declined to comment when asked Obama 's views on a possible pardon for Johnson . McCain , who says he made a mistake by once voting against a federal holiday for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , sees the pardon as a way to right an old wrong . "  The Jack Johnson case is an ignominious stain on our nation 's history , " he said on the Senate floor this month , while introducing a new version of the resolution . "  Rectifying this injustice is long overdue . -LSB- The resolution recognizes -RSB- the unjustness of what transpired , and sheds light on the achievements of an athlete who was forced into the shadows of bigotry and prejudice . Johnson ... deserved much better than a racially motivated conviction . " King , himself a former boxer , said in a written statement that Johnson was a trailblazer who became "  a victim of the times . " For Haywood , the proposed pardon is also personal . It 's about wiping the slate clean for future generations of her family . "  My mother used to say Jack was defiant , " she remembered . "  No disrespect , momma , but he was being his own man . And I 'm so proud of him . To think -- of all the families in the world , God gave him to us . " Haywood has made sure her four children know the story of the country 's first black heavyweight champion . "  They love him , " she said . "  Especially my oldest son . He was a bit of a pugilist in high school . He got into his fair share of scraps . I think we know where he got that trait . " Haywood says she 'll go to Washington if Obama issues a pardon . With a bit of laughter , she promises to give a gracious , eloquent speech thanking him . With or without a pardon , she emphasizes , the stigma and the shame are gone . Today , Johnson 's family feels only pride .	Heavyweight champ Jack Johnson was arrested around 1908 His offense : Transporting a white woman across state lines for "  immoral purposes " Relatives working with Washington powers to get Johnson a posthumous pardon
CNN  -- Arab residents in the Middle East and North Africa may enjoy Hollywood blockbusters , but they are also wary of the content , saying it is potentially "  harmful to morality , " a study finds . The "  Entertainment Media Use in the Middle East " survey , commissioned by Northwestern University and the Doha Film Institute , interviewed more than 6,000 people -- both nationals and expats -- in Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Lebanon , Egypt , Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates . According to the survey 45 % of respondents say they watch Hollywood movies , but 34 % say American films have content that is "  harmful to morality . " Only 15 % say U.S.-made films are good for morality -- as opposed to 71 % who feel the same about Arab movies . The respondents are also conflicted about other foreign films . While two-thirds say people benefit from watching movies from different parts of the world , 65 % say they prefer films that portray their own culture . More than half  54 %  say films are an important source of information about their own culture . It is no surprise that an overwhelming number prefer Arab films , which are favored by more than 80 % of overall respondents . In contrast , only around half of the citizens surveyed say they enjoy American and European movies . A large majority of respondents believe entertainment should be regulated for both romantic and violent content . More than two-thirds agree that films or other entertainment programs should be banned if they are deemed to be offensive . Respondents in Saudi Arabia and Egypt show the strongest support for censorship -- 76 % and 77 % respectively . Tunisia appears to be the most tolerant of all , but still more than half of its respondents support censorship . "  These apparently contradictory findings really are not , but reflect how the Arab world is coping with globalization and still grappling to preserve local culture , " Everette E. Dennis , dean and CEO of Northwestern University in Qatar , says in a statement . In early March , three Gulf countries -- Qatar , the UAE and Bahrain -- announced that Hollywood biblical blockbuster "  Noah " could not be screened in cinemas , saying the depiction of Noah -- whom Muslims revere as a prophet -- is taboo in Islam . Two months earlier , in January , censors in the UAE and Qatar cut more than 40 minutes of the three-hour-long "  Wolf of Wall Street , " a Martin Scorsese-directed portrayal of a wayward stock trader , due to "  foul language and explicit content , " angering moviegoers in both countries . Yet , the Northwestern University-Doha Film Institute survey shows that 72 % of Qatari residents and 68 % of Emirati residents generally support banning offensive content . Hollywood films are not the only ones that ran aground in the Middle East and North Africa . Qatar pulled Bollywood erotic horror flick "  Raaz 3 " from theaters in 2012 and , along with the UAE , banned Indian comedy "  Grand Masti " last year . In 2012 , a Tunisian court fined the head of a private TV station 2,400 Tunisian dinars  around $ 1,400  after his Nessma TV aired "  Persepolis , " a French-American animated film whose depiction of God was slammed by some religious leaders as offensive to Islam .	Almost half of Arab residents in six Middle East and North African countries say they watch Hollywood movies But more than a third say American films have content that is "  harmful to morality . " More than two-thirds agree that films or other entertainment programs should be banned if they are deemed to be offensive .
An international backlash against Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law is gathering speed , from calls for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia to gay bars in Los Angeles planning "  vodka-dumping " protests . A number of bars worldwide have also stopped serving Russian vodka to protest Russia 's stance on homosexuality . Bars boycott Russian vodka over anti-gay laws The furor follows concern sparked by the Russian Parliament 's overwhelming support for a new law banning "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " Implemented last month , after President Vladimir Putin signed it into law , it bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it -- and has been condemned by Russian and international rights groups as highly discriminatory . As Russia prepares to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in the resort city of Sochi , there is also great concern about what the legislation will mean for gay athletes and visitors to the country . The debate was stirred up this week by St. Petersburg politician Vitaly Milonov , who implemented a local , earlier version of the propaganda law in his city . Amid word that Russia would not enforce the law during the Sochi Games , he said that all Russian laws should be enforced there , regardless of who is breaking them . "  If a law has been passed by parliament and signed by the president , the government has no right or powers to reverse it , " Milonov told the Russian Interfax news agency . He repeated the comments when he spoke with CNN on Wednesday . To boycott , or not boycott ? Human Rights Watch described the anti-gay propaganda law as "  a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill that is bound to worsen homophobia in Russia . " Under the guise of protecting children , it will infringe on people 's rights to free expression and discriminate against Russia 's LGBT community , it said , as the bill was being debated . The move should be set against a backdrop of increased attacks in Russia on members of the LGBT community and gay rights activists , it pointed out . There have been conflicting calls from gay rights activists over a suggested boycott of the Sochi Games . While some activists back a boycott , others argue that such a step would be counterproductive . U.S.-based company Outsports , which supports gay sport , is among those opposed to an Olympic boycott , saying critics should focus on putting pressure on Russia 's government rather than denying athletes their chance to compete . "  Instead of walking away , LGBT athletes and their nations should march into Sochi holding their heads high , " an article on the Outsports website said . The International Olympic Committee issued a statement Wednesday in response to the furor , saying the Russian government had given assurances that gay visitors would not be affected by the controversial law . "  The Games themselves should be open to all , free of discrimination , and that applies to spectators , officials , media and of course athletes . We would oppose in the strongest terms any move that would jeopardise this principle , " it said . "  To that end , the IOC has received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . " USA Track and Field , the U.S. national governing body for athletics , is treating the matter as a safety and security issue , spokeswoman Jill Geer told CNN . But , she said , the International Association of Athletics Federations has guaranteed it will not affect the athletes in any way . The IAAF has not yet responded to CNN 's requests for comment . Opinion : Make Olympics in Russia the gayest ever ` Dump Russian Vodka ' campaign In response to the recent moves in Russia , internationally syndicated U.S. sex columnist Dan Savage has started a "  Dump Russian Vodka " campaign , asking bartenders and booze enthusiasts to boycott Russian vodka . Stolichnaya CEO Val Mendeleev sent an open letter last week condemning the recent laws and reaffirming the brand 's commitment to the LGBT community . "  We fully support and endorse your objectives to fight against prejudice in Russia , " Mendeleev wrote . "  In the past decade ,  we have  been actively advocating in favor of freedom , tolerance and openness in society , standing very passionately on the side of the LGBT community and will continue to support any effective initiative in that direction . " A rainbow block of text boasting that the brand "  stands strong and proud with the global LGBT community against the attitude and actions of the Russian government " now dominates the Stoli homepage . Mendeleev added that Stoli is made from Russian ingredients , but the brand is "  privately owned by SPI Group , headquartered in Luxembourg in the heart of Western Europe . " In another protest move , a petition was set up Friday on the White House 's "  We the People " website calling on U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to put Milonov and member of parliament Elena Mizulina on the "  visa ban list " for their role in promoting anti-gay legislation . Mizulina was "  responsible for the federal law banning gay ` propaganda ' to minors and for the law banning foreign adoptions of Russian orphans by gays and lesbians , " the petition states . It had more than 5,500 signatures as of Thursday . Another White House petition , with a few hundred signatories , calls for a U.S. boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics "  due to discrimination by Pres. Putin against GLBT . " If either petition reaches a threshold of 100,000 signatures within 30 days , the Obama administration will review and respond to it .	USA Track and Field says the IAAF has guaranteed athletes wo n't be hit by the law There are concerns that gay athletes , visitors at the Sochi Winter Olympics may be at risk Protesters plan to dump Russian vodka to protest the new anti-gay propaganda law International Olympic Committee : Russia assures it that the law wo n't be applied
CNN  -- More than 3,500 people have been infected by the Ebola virus in Liberia , Guinea , Sierra Leone and Nigeria since the first documented cases in December , according to new figures released Wednesday by the World Health Organization . More than 1,900 people have died . There is also a smaller , unrelated outbreak in Congo and at least one confirmed case in Senegal , according to WHO Director General Dr. Margaret Chan . She characterized the outbreak as a "  global threat " and encouraged the international community to do more to combat it . Chan complimented the United States for its "  very strong support " through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said the official numbers are lower than the actual number of cases , because families afraid of the stigma associated with Ebola do not report sick loved ones . Others are caring for patients in isolation . Frieden characterized the outbreak as "  spiraling out of control " Tuesday in a conversation on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  What we 're seeing is a ... hugely fast increase in cases that 's harder and harder to manage , " he said . "  The more we can get in there and tamp that down , the fewer cases we 'll have in the weeks and months to come . " Dr. David Nabarro , the senior United Nations system coordinator for Ebola , said that in observing the disease on the ground , he noticed that a number of the infections have spread between family members who are caring for the sick . They must care for those infected with Ebola because there are not enough hospital beds , nor are there enough ambulances to transport people safely . If the patients do get to a health care facility , there is not a good system of infection control , nor is there enough protective equipment to go around . Nabarro said there is a desperate need for personnel to help on the ground as well as for nurses , doctors and ambulance drivers in West Africa . The area also needs money to fight the outbreak -- at least $ 600 million , by some estimates . The fact that airlines have stopped flying to the countries affected has kept people isolated and has inadvertently made the outbreak worse , making it harder for staff and supplies to make it there . New cases in Nigeria Nigeria 's minister of health said there are three new confirmed cases of Ebola in Port Harcourt , the country 's oil hub . The ministry believes other cases will be confirmed there shortly . Ebola initially arrived in Nigeria through an infected air traveler . The passenger landed in Lagos on July 20 and died five days later . One person who was put into quarantine after he came into contact with the passenger fled the city and sought treatment in Port Harcourt . A doctor who treated him developed symptoms and died a little more than a week later . Not knowing he was sick , the doctor treated other patients . He also came into contact with members of the community after family and friends visited to celebrate the birth of a baby and after members of his church visited him at the hospital . Nigerian health leaders are monitoring the health of more than 200 people who may have had contact with the doctor . About 60 more are considered to have had high-risk or very high-risk exposure . The other confirmed Nigerian cases now include the doctor 's spouse , who is also a doctor , and a patient at the hospital where the doctor was treated . Staff members are being tested for Ebola . With the help of the CDC and the WHO , an isolation facility has been set up to handle additional Ebola cases . Civic unrest and security issues , coupled with the public 's fear of Ebola , are among the concerns . The military has been called in to escort people to the clinic . More need for help Dr. Joanne Liu , the international president of Doctors Without Borders , spoke at a special United Nations briefing on Wednesday , criticizing the international community 's "  lethally inadequate " response to the global threat . The group , also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , has been on the ground fighting the outbreak since March . Liu made what her organization described as an "  unprecedented call " for U.N. members with the technology to intervene in a biological threat to do so immediately . "  Six months into the worst Ebola epidemic in history , the world is losing the battle to contain it , " she said . "  Leaders are failing to come to grips with this transnational threat . The WHO announcement on August 8 that the epidemic constituted a ` public health emergency of international concern ' has not led to decisive action , and states have essentially joined a global coalition of inaction , " she said . "  The clock is ticking , and Ebola is winning , " Liu warned . "  The time for meetings and planning is over . It is now time to act . Every day of inaction means more deaths and the slow collapse of societies . " British patient gets better Medical personnel have been particularly vulnerable in this Ebola outbreak . William Pooley , a British volunteer nurse who cared for Ebola patients in Sierra Leone , was the first Briton known to be infected . Doctors flew him back to be treated in an isolation unit at the Royal Free Hospital in North London . He stayed there for 10 days of treatment that included the experimental drug ZMapp , which was also used to treat two American medical personnel last month who have since been released from the hospital . Pooley 's doctors released him from care on Tuesday .	More than 3,500 people are infected , and more than 1,900 have died , WHO says International response to "  global crisis " inadequate , Medecins Sans Frontieres says A nurse from the UK who had been infected leaves the hospital
CNN  -- Gareth Bale 's imminent transfer to Real Madrid for a reported world-record fee has been criticized by Barcelona coach Gerardo Martino . With Spain struggling amid a tough global economic climate , Martino questioned the appropriateness of Real spending on just one player a figure reputed to be at least $ 125 million and possibly as much as $ 145 million . "  He 's a very good player , but the numbers seem to me almost a lack of respect for the world in general , " the Argentine told reporters on Saturday at a press conference ahead of Barca 's trip to Malaga . Bale , who plays for English Premier League club Tottenham , is next week expected to be unveiled as Real 's fifth world-record signing since 2000 . It will reportedly happen after Madrid , seeking to win back the La Liga title from Barca , play Granada on Monday in the club 's second game this season . Barca spent $ 75 million to sign Neymar from Santos in June , but Martino said the Brazil striker is not guaranteed to start Sunday 's match in Malaga despite the absence of the injured Lionel Messi . The four-time world player of the year is being rested as a precaution after suffering a bruised thigh in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup against Atletico Madrid last Wednesday . "  Honestly , I am not worried because I think he is fine , " Martino said of his compatriot . "  What happened the other day was coincidence . I think it is totally unnecessary to take risks at the start of the season . " Neymar came off the bench to score the equalizer against Atletico , but Martino played down expectations surrounding the 21-year-old . "  I do n't share this idea that says that Neymar must take over and take the lead if Messi is not there to do it , " he said . "  We have Xavi , we have Andres Iniesta , Cesc Fabregas , Alexis Sanchez , Pedro . There are too many players to expect Neymar to automatically be in the starting line-up . "  Nothing is going to shorten the time we think is necessary for Neymar to be ready . " Bale has reportedly already traveled to Spain , and will not play in Tottenham 's home match with Swansea on Sunday . The 24-year-old Wales international , who became the most sought-after talent on the planet following Neymar 's decision to join Barca , also missed the London club 's opening match of the EPL season last weekend . Spurs have twice broken their club transfer record in apparent preparation for Bale 's departure , signing Brazil midfielder Paulinho and Spain striker Roberto Soldado , while a $ 45 million deal for Willian was hijacked by Chelsea despite the Anzhi Makhachkala player having passed a medical at White Hart Lane last week . In Saturday 's EPL action , Liverpool joined Chelsea on two wins from two games after beating Aston Villa 1-0 , as striker Daniel Sturridge followed up his goal from the opening victory over Stoke . Arsenal , beaten by Villa last weekend , relieved the pressure on manager Arsene Wenger by defeating London rivals Fulham 3-1 as Germany forward Lukas Podolski scored twice and France striker Olivier Giroud netted the other for the visiting team . Former Villa and England striker Darren Bent marked his Fulham debut with a goal after coming on as a second-half substitute , but Arsenal notched another morale-boosting win ahead of the second leg of the Champions League qualifier against Fenerbahce -- having won 3-0 in Turkey last Wednesday . Everton drew 0-0 at home to West Brom , and there was also a stalemate between Newcastle and West Ham , while Southampton hit back to hold visiting Sunderland 1-1 . Hull beat Norwich 1-0 but fellow promoted side Crystal Palace crashed to a second successive defeat , losing 2-1 at Stoke . In La Liga , Valencia crashed 3-1 at Espanyol despite taking the lead through Portuguese forward Helder Postiga . David Lopez headed a 33rd-minute equalizer before second-half goals from Cristian Stuani and Thievy Bifouma sealed victory for the Barcelona-based team . Real Sociedad came back to earth with a bump following last week 's 2-0 win over Lyon in the final Champions League qualifying round , being held 1-1 at promoted Elche . Mexico striker Carlos Vela saved Sociedad with a second-half leveler following Ferran Corominas ' second-minute opener .	Real Madrid expected to complete world-record signing of Gareth Bale next week Coach of Real 's Spanish rival questions need to spend so much in current climate Barcelona 's Gerardo Martino says the size of the reported fee "  lacks respect " Bale has not played for his English Premier League club Tottenham this season
CNN  -- "  What 's wrong with your foot ? " asked the medicine man as I ducked into his grass hut to escape the tropical downpour . He could see that I walked with a slight limp . Like many an aging athlete , I had injured myself while training for a hike . I knew I had to condition myself to be able to walk 50 miles carrying a backpack at 9,000 feet . So strenuous was the training that I hurt my foot and had to hobble into the offices of physicians , orthopedists and chiropractors -- in short , anyone who might heal my affliction . I tried massage , ice packs , heating pads and whirlpool baths . I took aspirin , ibuprofen , anti-inflammatories , prescription pain pills and a cortisone injection in search of relief . The pain was reduced to the point where it became bearable , and I completed the hike . But I felt my injury every step of the way . In the ongoing debate over the enormous health care costs in America , we can do well to look southward at the tropical American countries where shamans reside and practice their healing . Like physicians , shamans are not infallible and vary in abilities . This shaman -- Amasina of the Trio tribe in southern Suriname -- I knew to be a master of his craft . He looked up from a fire he was stoking , over which he was boiling local herbs in a battered old aluminum pot . The smell of the plant potion filled the dwelling as I entered . Amasina wasted no time on pleasantries , even though he had not seen me for almost a year . "  Take off your shoe , " he ordered , and I complied . He examined my foot carefully , and then issued another order : "  Give me your machete ! " I removed the machete from my belt and passed it to him . With one clean stroke , he sliced a fuzzy fern off the bark of a nearby palm tree , carried it back to the hut and threw it directly into the flames . After less than a minute , the shaman snatched the fern from the fire and applied it to the base of my foot , causing me to howl with pain . When both my foot and the fern had cooled , however , the pain had disappeared . He then threw the fern in another pot of water , warmed it over the fire , and had me drink the entire potion . The pain in my foot went away . And for seven months , there was no pain . Then I returned to the jungle for another successful treatment . To some , the term "  shaman " may conjure up images of tricksters more than healers . But authentic shamans are masters of a sacred craft , living repositories of centuries of therapeutic wisdom . The depth of shamans ' knowledge on preventive medicine and diagnostics has astonished even physicians who have studied their approach . Dr. Christopher Herndon , a Yale-trained physician and ethnobotanist specializing in the Amazon , recently noted , "  when asked about disease conditions , shamans present highly detailed and specific descriptions of disease characteristics and associated symptomatology . They frequently comment on disease associations and responsiveness to therapy , often demonstrating a remarkable insight into the natural history of disease processes as we understand them . " Many scientists who study tribal people 's use of plants can recount experiences of injuries or ailments that physicians failed to cure that were then treated successfully by an "  uneducated " herbalist , or shaman . In other words , we have a lot to learn from shamans . But our pharmaceutical industry is often dismissive of nature as a source of healing . It seems to overlook the fact that many of the most important classes of prescription drugs like ACE inhibitors for high blood pressure  first developed from Brazilian snake venom  , beta blockers  from hallucinogenic Mexican fungi  , and cholesterol-lowering statins  from Penicillium fungus  came from natural sources . And new finds continue to be made . Herndon and his colleagues in Peru have recorded indigenous people employing hallucinogenic frog slime to heighten sensory acuity . It may contain properties to treat high blood pressure . And I have observed medicine men in the northeastern Amazon using insects to treat arthritis and bacterial infections , indicating that local wisdom regarding the healing potential of plants and animals has been underestimated . When I entered the field of rainforest conservation more than three decades ago , there were two basic areas of focus : protecting rainforest ecosystems and protecting traditional rainforest cultures . Many in the first group overlooked the opportunity to enlist tribal inhabitants of the rainforest , its natural guardians , as allies . Many in the second passed over the hard truth that these cultures can not survive unless the forests are preserved intact . In the spirit of the interconnectedness of all things , we launched the Amazon Conservation Team to protect the forests , preserve the tribal populations and their cultures and knowledge , and along the way , hopefully discover new medicines from nature . The Amazon Conservation Team has joined forces with our tribal colleagues and local governments to achieve these goals . We have partnered with elderly medicine men and women to establish shamans ' apprentice programs and clinics to improve local health care and transmit traditional healing knowledge to succeeding tribal generations . We hope you 'll join us to broaden the world 's knowledge . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Plotkin .	Mark Plotkin : In the debate over huge health care costs , we should look south Plotkin : The shamans of the Amazon possess centuries of therapeutic wisdom He says we have a lot to learn from the shamans about healing power of plants Plotkin : We need to protect the Amazon forests and preserve the tribal cultures
CNN  -- British police made mistakes over decades in their investigation of sex abuse allegations against late BBC TV presenter Jimmy Savile , a report released Tuesday said . The report by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary said not only did police around the country fail to "  join the dots , " but policies made it difficult for victims to come forward to report the crimes . Scotland Yard said it welcomed the review . "  It is vital that we learn all the lessons from this landmark case and ensure our systems and processes are aligned to prevent someone like Savile ever committing such criminality again , " the agency said in a statement . Savile , who hosted popular children 's TV programs including "  Jim 'll Fix It " and "  Top of the Pops , " was a household name in Britain for decades . He was also well known for his charitable work , having raised millions of pounds , and was awarded a knighthood . He died in October 2011 at age 84 . Police began their latest investigation in late 2012 after a TV documentary broadcast in October sparked a flood of sexual abuse claims against Savile . Three months later , police unveiled a report exposing "  vast , predatory and opportunistic " abuses by Savile across a span of half a century , involving about 450 victims . Nearly three-quarters of his victims were children , the police report said , with the youngest only 8 years old . Most , but not all , were female . The earliest claim against Savile , who was still a household name when he died in 2011 , dates from 1955 and the latest from 2009 , when he was in his 80s . Alleged sexual abuse victims of the late BBC entertainer are suing both the British broadcaster and the Savile estate , attorneys for the victims said last month . In Tuesday 's report , Chief Inspector Tom Winsor called on police to improve their policies and practices to keep children safe . "  It is imperative that children and other victims of sexual crimes have the knowledge , the means and the confidence to report what has happened to them , " he said . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : Chief inspector calls on police to improve policies and practices to keep children safe Jimmy Savile was one of Britain 's best-loved TV personalities The former BBC presenter stands accused of being a pedophile Alleged sexual abuse victims of Savile are suing the BBC and the Savile estate
CNN  -- Concern over the spread of the Ebola virus has caused the cancellation of an African Cup of Nations football match . The Seychelles was due to host Sierra Leone in a qualifying game on Saturday , but the tiny island nation 's ministries of health and immigration prevented the visiting players from entering the country . At least 525 cases of Ebola have been reported in Sierra Leone since March , 224 of which have been fatal . Seychelles , which was trailing 2-0 after losing the away leg of the second-round qualifier in Sierra Leone on July 19 , has forfeited both the tie and its hopes of reaching next year 's tournament finals . Sierra Leone players were on Friday reportedly prevented from boarding a plane at Kenya 's Nairobi Airport that would have taken them to the Seychelles . Seychelles Football Federation president Elvis Chetty told CNN that there was little choice but to follow government advice and forfeit the match , which was to be held in the capital Victoria . "  After being advised by the ministry of health to postpone the match for an indefinite period , the ministry of immigration informed us it would not allow the team from Sierra Leone to enter the Seychelles , " Chetty said . "  Subsequently , the SFF felt it was prudent to forfeit the scheduled match as opposed to asking for a postponement . "  We respect the decisions taken by the authorities to safeguard the health interests of our country . "  Our thoughts are with the Sierra Leone people in their hour of need . " There have been more than 1,300 confirmed or suspected Ebola cases in West Africa since March , when cases of the virus were first reported in Guinea . Other countries to be affected include Liberia and Nigeria . Sierra Leone president Ernest Bai Koroma has declared a public health emergency in his country in an attempt to stem the spread of the virus . One of the country 's athletes at the Commonwealth Games in Scotland was taken to hospital last week to be tested for Ebola after feeling unwell . However , cyclist Moses Sesay was cleared and was able to compete in Thursday 's men 's individual time trial . Ebola is a viral hemorrhagic fever , affecting multiple organs and accompanied by bleeding . There is no known cure or specific treatments . The World Health Organization has said that drastic action is needed to contain what has fast become the worst outbreak on record .	Sierra Leone football players prevented from entering Seychelles over Ebola fears Seychelles forfeits African Cup of Nations qualifier as a result Ebola has claimed at least 224 lives in Sierra Leone in recent months
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida high school student was killed Tuesday by another student during an altercation at the school , officials said . One student was killed following an argument between first and second periods , police at the scene said . The incident occurred just after 9 a.m. at Coral Gables Senior High School in Coral Gables , the officials said . The school was placed on lockdown after the incident . Two students were arguing between the first and second period at the school , and one produced a weapon and killed the other , police at the scene told reporters . Miami-Dade Public Schools identified the victim Tuesday afternoon as Juan Carlos Rivera , 17 . The students involved were both males , the district said . CNN affiliate WSVN reported the student was killed in the courtyard area of the school , where the 17-year-old was stabbed in the chest . A suspect was taken into custody just after the incident and was being interviewed , officials said . His name was not released . Miami-Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho said students ' parents were being contacted after the incident , and crisis psychologists were being made available to students , faculty and parents . Watch as bystanders gather at the Florida high school " "  I think we need to understand that whether it 's Liberty City , Opa-Locka or Coral Gables , children are responding to everyday stressful situations in very negative ways , " Carvalho said . " ... Random acts of violence like the one we saw here today are almost not preventable . " Coral Gables is about 8 miles southwest of Miami . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim identified in high school stabbing in Coral Gables , Florida NEW : Juan Carlos Rivera , 17 , was killed in altercation in school courtyard area A male suspect is taken into custody , but police do not identify him Superintendent : Violent acts such as this "  are almost not preventable "
CNN  -- Asiana Airlines will not pursue a lawsuit against a Bay Area TV station for allegedly damaging the company 's image by reporting erroneous and offensive names of the pilots in the recent crash at San Francisco International Airport . The company said Wednesday it would n't file a suit after KTVU offered an official apology . The bogus names , which phonetically spelled out phrases such as "  Something Wrong " and "  We Too Low , " were read during KTVU 's noon broadcast Friday . The airline called the report "  demeaning " and said it was "  reviewing possible legal action . " The Asiana 777 fell short of its approach and crashed on the runway at the airport on July 6 . Three people were killed and more than 180 others were hurt . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating . The early stage of the investigation has focused heavily on the actions of the crew during the landing attempt . Asiana jokes : Racist or just bad taste ? Over the weekend , the Korean airline had said it would sue the NTSB and the station after an intern at the NTSB mistakenly confirmed "  inaccurate and offensive " names as those of the pilots . But at the beginning of the week , the airline seemed to have a change of heart . A spokesman said the company did n't have plans to file a separate suit against the NTSB . The agency apologized for the "  inaccurate and offensive " names , which it said were erroneously confirmed by a summer intern . A government official with knowledge of the situation said Monday the intern is no longer with the agency . As for KTVU , in Oakland , anchor Tori Campbell read the names Friday . The news station , a CNN affiliate , later apologized on air and on its website . But the airline continued to move ahead with a defamation claim against the TV station until the Wednesday announcement . Ken Paulson , president of the First Amendment Center and the dean of the College of Mass Communication at Middle Tennessee State University , said "  it 's very difficult to conceive of a defamation suit prevailing here . " The key to such a case is to determine whether what was said damages an entity 's reputation and causes injury , and what care was taken , if any , to prevent that , he told CNN . Passengers begin legal action against Boeing "  Everyone who heard this understood it was a prank . And as ludicrous as the report was , at least the news station made a call to try to check , " he said . Paulson notes that the real names of pilots were not given in the news report . "  Where is the real damage ? Yes , it was tasteless and undoubtedly it caused some short-term emotional distress , but nothing that rises to the level of litigation , " he said . It was not immediately clear who produced the fake names , but the NTSB said it was not the intern . "  The names were presented , by the station , to the intern for confirmation , " NTSB spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said . "  The intern did not make up the names and provide them to the station . " The NTSB said it does not release or confirm the identities of crew members or other people involved in transportation accidents .	KTVU is a local station based in Oakland , California It would have been difficult to prove defamation , a First Amendment expert said The airline called the news report "  demeaning "
CNN  It was meant as a joke , but Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein inadvertently cut to the chase with the perception hanging over world football as it wrestles with the decision as to re-elect FIFA president Sepp Blatter or opt for a new beginning . "  Do we have any football questions ? " quipped the Jordanian , as he launched his bid to become head of an organization whose reputation has taken a bit battering in recent years . Yes , there was last year 's World Cup , which garnered plenty of plaudits , but invariably when FIFA 's name crops up it 's to do with the rights and wrongs of its decision to award the next two competitions to Russia and Qatar . So as a light dusting of snow slowly melted outside a swanky London hotel , Prince Ali turned up the heat on the current head of world football . "  I think the main point is to have a new culture " Ali told CNN in an interview after he addressed the media for the first time since announcing his intention to run . "  It 's about not having the game controlled by people 's personal opinions or the whims of the president . It needs to be inclusive for all . " At the moment a spirit of inclusion is not altogether apparent in FIFA 's corridors of power , with ethics investigator Michael Garcia resigning in December to protest the handling of his own report into Qatar and Russia 's successful bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The string of controversies have put FIFA 's internal politics at the front and center of the presidential race . Prince Ali spoke of a "  culture of intimidation " within FIFA , with some national associations fearing retribution if they back any other candidate other than Blatter , though he did n't provide specific examples . FIFA declined to comment when contacted by CNN over Prince Ali 's "  intimidation " reference . A vice president of the Asian Football Confederation , Jordan was the only country from that continent to lend its backing to Ali , who relied on England , the United States , Belarus , Georgia and Malta to complete his bid . His campaign is being masterminded by Vero Communications Ltd , a public relations company that also has a wider communications brief working with UEFA , the European confederation within FIFA . "  I 've tried as much as I can to reform it from within ... having seen what 's happened I 'm not going to allow another four years of this , " Prince Ali said of FIFA 's internal workings . As well as Blatter , Prince Ali is up against former Portugal captain -- and 2001 's FIFA World Player of the Year -- Luis Figo , who says he who was convinced to stand after FIFA 's handling of the Garcia report . Also running is the head of Dutch soccer , Michael van Praag , 67 , who has openly called for Blatter to stand down , taking it upon himself to restore what he sees as a lack of trustworthiness in the organization . If elected , the 39-year-old Prince Ali could become the first Muslim to lead FIFA in its 101-year history . He previously led calls for FIFA to lift its ban on the hijab that was preventing many Muslim women from following their football dreams . "  I 've been a huge supporter of the women 's game -- across the world , " he said . "  It 's the biggest growth area in football right now . It needs to be taken much more seriously , and I 'm willing and committed to doing so . " Prince Ali was also keen to stress his commitment to ridding football of any form of prejudice . "  I think that there should be no discrimination in football in any way , shape or form , " he added . Whilst the Jordanian prince is out and proud about his intentions , this may not be enough to challenge Blatter 's 16-year dynasty . In the meantime Ali had better get used to talking politics , as it seems football is off the agenda .	FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein speaks about organization 's culture of intimidation ' He 's up against Luis Figo , Michael van Praag and current FIFA president Sep Blatter The Jordanian prince could be the first Muslim to run FIFA in its 101-year history
CNN  Soon , America will be too fat to fight . Forget about rampant diabetes , heart attacks and joint problems -- the scariest consequence arising out of our losing battle with the bulge is the safety of our country . In about five years , so many young Americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . That alarming forecast comes from Maj , Gen. Allen Batschelet , who is in charge of U.S. Army Recruiting Command . Obesity , he told me , "  is becoming a national security issue . " I was so taken aback by Batschelet 's statement that I felt the need to press him . Come on ! Obesity ? A national security crisis ? The General did n't blink . "  In my view , yes . " Of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country , only 72,000 qualified . Some did n't make the cut because they had a criminal background , or a lack of education , or too many tattoos . But a full 10 % did n't qualify because they were overweight . Before you accuse me of sensationalizing , it 's that 10 % figure that worries General Batschelet the most . "  The obesity issue is the most troubling because the trend is going in the wrong direction , " he said . "  We think by 2020 it could be as high as 50 % , which mean only 2 in 10 would qualify to join the Army . " He paused . "  It 's a sad testament to who we are as a society right now . " The problem is so worrisome for the Army that recruiters have become fitness coaches , like the trainers on the NBC show , "  The Biggest Loser . " Yes , your tax dollars pay for Army recruiters to play Dolvett Quince or Jillian Michaels to whip could-be recruits into shape with the hope they can diet and exercise their way to become real recruits . If they lose enough weight , they 're sent to boot camp . Some make it ; many do n't . But , General Batschelet told me the Army must try . "  We are the premier leader on personal development in the world , " he told me . "  We want to see you grow and become a leader . That is a great strength in our Army . " Except the Army never considered the type of growth it 's now contending with . Nowadays "  personal development " means working on both character and ... girth . The general , along with so many others in this country , is struggling with why so many Americans , despite all the warnings , continue to eat too much and exercise too little . I have a theory . It ai n't pretty . But it 's got to be true : We just do n't care . "  The acceptance of obesity is prevalent , " according to Claire Putnam , an obstetrician and gynecologist who believes obesity is a national crisis right now . "  When you look around you , 70 % of adults are overweight or obese . It 's seems normal , " she said . Just look at the numbers : More than one-third of U.S. adults are obese . Seventeen percent of all children and adolescents in the U.S. are obese . That 's triple the rate from just a generation ago . So , maybe we should face the fact that we 've grown comfortable with our girth . It is crystal clear we have n't the foggiest idea of who needs to lose weight and who does n't . Just the other day , Twitter trolls scolded the singer , Pink , for gaining weight . Pink is not remotely fat . Neither is Selena Gomez , haters . Or Britney Spears , hecklers . If 70 % of us are overweight in this country , why are there so many willing to fat-shame people who are not remotely obese ? Maybe it 's easier to criticize others for carrying extra weight than to admit we have a weight problem ourselves . Because it is abundantly clear we are wallowing in denial . Dr. Putnam points to one of Kaiser Permanante 's medical questionnaires . You know , the paperwork patients are asked to fill out before they see the doctor . There is actually a box on the form that allows the patient to "  opt out of talking about obesity . " Some patients refuse to step on the scale . "  You want to be sensitive to that patient , " Putnam told me . "  You do n't want to nag . But , doctors need to step in and say we need to fix this . " CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , agrees with Putnam . "  Perceptions of weight are a big part of the problem , " he said to me . "  If a person is overweight -- as difficult as it is -- they ought to be told . You know , this issue reminds me of the issue with concussions . We should call them what they really are : a brain injury , not ` getting your bell rung . ' In the same vein , we should tell people who are overweight or obese that , clinically , they 're ` overweight ' or ` obese ' and at risk for just about every chronic disease in the book . " In other words , chubby is not the proper way to describe a person who is obese . Just like "  fat " is not the proper term for Pink or Selena Gomez . And , yes , semantics matter . According to the CDC , 81 % of overweight boys and 71 % of overweight girls believe they are just the right weight . We 've clearly lost our perspective on what 's normal when it comes to a healthy weight . So much so it 's becoming a national security problem . So what will it take ? The answer can not be the U.S Army .	In a few years , the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers because of America 's obesity problem Carol Costello : We have a serious national security issue at hand , but it 's within our control if we could own up to it
Beef recalled earlier this year from a California meat producer may have reached 35 states and Guam , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said . Thousands of retailers have been added to a list of companies that could have received beef products from the producer , Rancho Feeding Corp. , since the February recall , the USDA said . "  The retail list has been growing as more customers have been notified , " USDA spokesman Adam Tarr told CNN Friday . "  The list could expand . " The USDA will continue to update the list so that the affected products can be removed from commerce , he said . Rancho Feeding Corp. , based in Petaluma , California , made headlines in February with its recall of 8.7 million pounds of meat products , which followed a recall of more than 40,000 pounds of meat products in January . The USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said the meat involved in the February recall came from "  diseased and unsound " animals that were n't properly inspected . Recall of nearly 9 million pounds of meat not fully inspected "  Thus , the products are adulterated , because they are unsound , unwholesome or otherwise are unfit for human food and must be removed from commerce , " the government agency reported in February . The USDA had not received any reports of illness because of the recalled Rancho meat as of a statement issued in February . But the agency called it a "  Class I recall , " meaning it is a "  health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . " The wide range of products subject to recall included 30-pound boxes of beef lips , mountain oysters and sweetbreads , as well as 40-pound boxes of veal bones and 60-pound boxes of veal trim . List of recalled products The recalled products were produced and shipped between January 1 , 2013 , and January 7 , 2014 . The USDA mark of inspection on them has "  EST. 527 " and their case code number ends in 3 or 4 . After Rancho Feeding Corp. made the recall , Nestle USA issued a voluntary recall in February of some types of Hot Pockets . Nestle said it had determined that "  a small quantity of meat from Rancho was used at Nestle 's Chatsworth , California , production operation , " which is devoted entirely to Hot Pockets sandwiches . The affected Hot Pockets products were the two-pack box of Croissant Crust Philly Steak and Cheese , and three different pack sizes of Philly Steak and Cheese . More on food safety	Rancho Feeding Corp. recalled 8.7 million pounds of meat USDA had not received illness reports as of February statement Nestle USA recalled some Hot Pockets products last month
CNN  -- The death toll from this weekend 's building collapse in southern India has risen to 32 , but two workers were pulled out alive two days after the accident , a police official said Tuesday . The 11-story building under construction in Chennai , the capital of Tamil Nadu state , toppled over during heavy rains Saturday . Emergency crews furiously dug through the rubble for 20 people thought to be missing , police said . The pair of workers were rescued early Tuesday from under the debris of the caved-in structure , according to city Police Commissioner Sebastian George , and they were rushed to a hospital . They are among 27 survivors now under medical care , George said . Also Saturday , at least 10 people were killed when a rundown four-story building in New Delhi collapsed . Building collapses in India are an all-too-common occurrence and have killed hundreds of people over the past several years .	Two people were rescued in Chennai A collapse also occurred in New Delhi on Saturday Such incidents are all too common in India
CNN  -- Inter Milan are once again five points behind rivals AC Milan at the top of the Italian Serie A table after crushing Genoa 5-2 at the San Siro on Sunday . But the defending champions had to come from behind to claim the three points , Genoa leading 1-0 at the break after Rodrigo Palacio fired home following good work from Abdoulay Konko . However , Inter were a different side in the second-half and three goals in seven minutes completely turned the match around . The home side leveled in the 50th minute when Giampaolo Mazzini slotted home Maicon 's cross and they took the lead a minute later when Samuel Eto'o converted a rebound after Goran Pandev 's shot was fumbled by goalkeeper Eduardo . And Eto'o added his second goal just six minutes later with a superb individual effort , the Cameroon striker 's 18th goal of the season . Goran Pandev made it 4-1 in the 68th minute , after being set-up by Eto'o and Wesley Sneijder , and Yuto Nagatomo netted his first goal for the club to complete the scoring . Mauro Boselli 's late header proved little more than a consolation goal for the visitors . Meanwhile , third-placed Napoli lost more ground on the top two after being held to a goalless draw by lowly Brescia at the San Paolo , with coach Walter Mazzarri sent to the stands in the first half for arguing with the referee . The Naples side are now eight points off the top and just two points ahead of fourth placed Lazio , who saw off Palermo 2-0 thanks to an early double from Giuseppe Sculli . Ever-improving Udinese are just a point behind Lazio in fifth place after a 1-0 win over bottom side Bari courtesy of Antonio Di Natale 's second-half penalty , his 22nd goal of the season . In other matches , Adrian Mutu scored twice to help Fiorentina to a comfortable 3-0 win over Catania , while an injury time goal from Gaston Ramirez helped Bologna to a 2-2 draw against Cagliari . On Saturday , Gennaro Gattuso scored the only goal as table-toppers Milan saw off struggling Juventus 1-0 , the Rossoneri 's seventh win of 2011 . In Sunday 's two German Bundesliga games , Mainz claimed a superb 4-2 victory at Hamburg to move above defending champions Bayern Munich into fourth place in the table . Meanwhile , struggling Werder Bremen moved out of the bottom three with a vital 3-1 win at Freiburg .	Inter Milan are once again five points behind AC Milan at the top of the Serie A table The defending champions come from behind to crush Genoa 5-2 at the San Siro Third-placed Napoli lose more ground on the top two after being held 0-0 by Brescia Mainz win 4-2 at Hamburg to move above Bayern Munich into fourth in the Bundesliga
CNN  -- Golf can be a frustrating game -- just ask Patrick Reed . The 24-year-old could be in trouble with golf 's authorities after a foul-mouthed reaction to a missed putt during the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai . Reed , who starred for America during its recent Ryder Cup defeat to Europe , was caught on camera swearing and using a term which could be deemed homophobic . After making a bogey on the 10th hole at the Sheshan International , Reed was heard to say : "  Nice f ****** three-putt you f ****** f **** t. " Reed , who finished the opening round five shots behind leader Graeme McDowell -- his playing partner -- was quick to apologize on Twitter , but could now face sanctions . The PGA Tour has rules that govern against poor language on the course , and it said in a statement they were aware of the situation . "  The PGA Tour 's Conduct Unbecoming regulations prohibit the use of obscene language on the golf course , " it said . "  The PGA Tour will deal with this matter internally in accordance with its regulations . " Reed has enjoyed a breakthrough year in 2014 , winning two events , including the WGC Cadillac Championship back in March . After that victory -- the biggest of his career to date -- Reed compared himself to 14-time major champion Tiger Woods and declared himself to be "  one of the top five players in the world . " He also caused controversy during his first appearance for the United States in its biennial team battle against Europe at the Ryder Cup , held in Scotland back in September . Reed , who was unbeaten in his four matches at the competition , shushed the galleries during one of his matches , which earned him a chorus of boos from the home supporters . Reed fully embraced his pantomime villain status and was lauded for his passion to the cause as Team USA slumped to a sixth defeat in the last seven tournaments . "  This is the best event I 've ever played in my life , " Reed told reporters after his debut appearance . "  Just to get to know these guys and to be out here means a lot to me . "  I definitely want to be back and I 'll definitely be trying even harder just to come back . " Northern Ireland 's McDowell shot an opening round of 67 after recording seven birdies in 12 holes on Thursday at the the $ 8.5 million showpiece . The 2010 U.S. Open champion leads by two shots from a clutch of players on three-under , including Rickie Fowler and reigning U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer , from Germany . "  A big key to this golf course is driving the ball well . I drove it very well today , " McDowell told reporters . "  And the greens are in fantastic shape , and I actually putted very well . Dropped a couple coming in , but all in all , very pleased with five-under par on what I thought was a reasonably tricky day . "	Patrick Reed could be in hot water with PGA Tour after rant in China Reed said : ` Nice f ****** three-putt you f ****** f **** t ' on 10th hole The PGA Tour has said it will deal with the matter internally
CNN  -- A marine science instructor 's late-afternoon snorkel off the Southern California coast last Sunday was first met with shock and soon excitement when she discovered a gigantic oarfish , a deep-sea creature that remains little known to the science world and people outside . Jasmine Santana was about 15 feet underwater when she found the 18-foot-long , silvery fish with reddish fins and eyes the size of a half-dollar staring at her from the sandy bottom . Realizing it was dead , she snatched the fish 's tail , and using buoyancy and low tides , powered her way back on shore . "  I was first a little scared , " said the still-thrilled Santana , who has been working for Catalina Island Marine Institute since January . "  But when I realized it was an oarfish , I knew it was harmless . " Giant eyeball washes up on beach After a 15-minute swim dragging the 400-pound carcass , she needed help from 14 others to lift the fish out of the water at Toyon Bay , California . "  I was really amazed . It was like seeing something in a dream , " said Mark Waddington , the senior captain of CIMI 's sailing school vessel the "  Tole Mour " who gave Santana a hand . "  It 's the first time I ever witnessed an oarfish this big . " Discovery makes a splash : The rarest whale "  Oarfish are found in all temperate to tropical waters , but are rarely seen , dead or alive , " CIMI , a non-profit marine science education group , said in a release . "  It is believed that oarfish dive over 3,000 feet deep , which leaves them largely unstudied , and little is known about their behavior or population . " Waddington , who has been with CIMI since 1994 , said it remains unclear why the oarfish was found in shallow water this time , but it appeared to have died naturally . Waddington said while the oarfish 's carcass is still being preserved in ice , CIMI has been sending some of its tissues and other samples to marine scientists , including Dr. Milton Love , a fish expert from University of California at Santa Barbara , to study its DNA and diet habits . Waddington said CIMI will likely to keep the fish 's skeleton for educational purposes . Its program attracts more than 30,000 school-age children each year . Seal gives shark the slip in great white photo Face to face with great white sharks to sold ' 450-million-year mystery ' Shark found on New York subway car	Marine science instructor discovered the 18-foot oarfish while snorkeling Oarfish usually live in the deep sea , marine scientists say It is unclear why the oarfish was discovered in shallow water The discovery could lead to finding out more about the fish
CNN  -- Park Geun-hye is living up to her nickname , the "  Queen of Elections . " A day after her ruling Saenuri  or New Frontier  party won a majority in general elections , Park , its leader and likely presidential candidate , pledged that people 's lives will get better . " -LSB- We -RSB- will be sure to put into practice all the things we promised to the people , " she said , according to Yonhap News Agency . " -LSB- We -RSB- will start anew with the mindset that we will be remembered as sinners if we revert to the old ways of the past . " Of the 299 seats up for grabs in the National Assembly , Saenuri won 152 seats , while the opposition Democratic United Party  DUP  took 127 . The election results are expected to boost Park 's chances in the presidential election in December . Acknowledging defeat , the DUP 's Secretary-General Park Sun-sook apologized for disappointing the party 's supporters after pre-vote predictions of a landslide victory . "  The Democratic Party failed to turn public calls for punishing the current government and the ruling party into reality . We are sorry to disappoint the people , " Park said . "  We will deeply reflect upon the meaning of today and try ceaselessly to be reborn as a party that the people can rely on . " Voter turnout this year was 54.3 % , up 8.2 % from the election four years ago . In the run-up to polling , a series of corruption scandals battered public confidence in traditional political parties . The ruling party was no exception : It changed its name from the Grand National Party to Saenuri in February to signal change . DUP 's popularity also plunged amid revelations one of its candidates , Kim Yong-min , made sexist comments during a 2004 Internet radio talk show . The party apologized for the incident but did not remove Kim from office .	Results expected to boost Park 's chances in December presidential election She as well as her rival , the DUP 's Moon Jae-in , win seats in the Assembly . Voter turnout this year was 54.3 percent , up 8.2 percent from four years ago . Opposition DUP was expected to win landslide victory
Washington  CNN  -- Jeb Bush has been doing something he 's never really done before : talking publicly about running for president . As he does the television interview circuit this week around the release of a new book , "  Immigration Wars : Forging an American Solution , " the former Florida governor and son and brother of former presidents is openly discussing his thinking on a run for the White House in 2016 . Bush told CNN on Tuesday he would n't make a decision in the near future . Asked if he 'll make a decision in 2014 , Bush said he did n't know and added that "  the only thing I 've decided is I 'm not going to think about it for 2013 . It 's just too far out for me personally . " Bush passed on running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 and 2012 . Instead , he 's filled the role of a party elder statesman since leaving office in January 2007 after two terms as governor . Hanging over Bush is what can be described as Bush fatigue -- the idea that a Jeb Bush bid for the White House would carry his family 's political baggage . His father , George H.W. Bush , served one term before losing his 1992 re-election campaign against then-Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton . The elder Bush angered many conservatives by breaking his "  no new taxes " pledge . Brother George W. Bush served two terms but left office in January 2009 as a very unpopular president , even among Republicans , who were angered by his support of federal spending increases and his 2008 bailout of Wall Street during the financial crisis . From Katrina to 9/11 , Bush 41 opens up about his presidential son That lingering feeling was a factor behind Jeb Bush 's decision not to run in the past election cycle , even though some Republicans urged him to consider a bid , said CNN chief political analyst Gloria Borger . "  One of the reasons that I think Jeb Bush decided not to run this last time was that he thought there was still Bush fatigue in this country , " Borger said . "  So the question is , if you skip ahead , four more years , will there still be Bush fatigue ? We just do n't know . " And if Bush does run , his family ties will put him in uncharted territory , said CNN polling director Keating Holland . "  There have been plenty of presidential candidates whose fathers also ran for president , and a few whose brothers have been candidates . But if Jeb Bush throws his hat in the ring , he will be the first candidate in history who fits into both categories , " Holland added . "  Does that help because the Bush ` brand name ' is well known , or hurt because Jeb would be judged by the public based on things he did not do himself ? Historically speaking , there is no way to tell . " READ MORE : Jeb Bush 's controversial immigration proposals But GOP strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro said Jeb Bush is free of the Bush fatigue , at least among Republicans . "  I think the Bush fatigue does n't apply to Jeb . And even if it did , among Republicans it 's been replaced with Obama fatigue , " said Navarro , a longtime friend and supporter of the former Florida governor . If Bush does decide to run , and were he to win the 2016 GOP nomination , he could face off in the general election against a member of another famous political family -- Hillary Clinton . While the former first lady , senator , presidential candidate and secretary of state says she has no plans to run again for the White House , she has n't ruled out a bid , and if she did run , she 'd be the early favorite to win her party 's nomination . And if Bush does n't run , there 's the chance we could see a future White House bid from the next generation of the Bush family . Both of Bush 's sons are considering runs for public office . Bush told CNN that he now understands what his father went through . "  I know what my dad feels like , why he would get emotional every time he was in a setting where George or I were in pursuit of some office of some kind . "	Jeb Bush is openly discussing his thinking on a run for the White House in 2016 Bush skipped Republican presidential nomination bids in 2008 and 2012 Jeb Bush could be facing a member of another famous political family -- Hillary Clinton Both of Jeb Bush 's sons are considering runs for public office
Election authorities proclaimed Hugo Chavez 's handpicked successor Venezuela 's president-elect Monday , despite his challenger 's demand for a recount . "  It was a result that was truly fair , constitutional and popular , " Nicolas Maduro said , criticizing his opponent 's refusal to concede . Maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in Sunday 's election , while opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski won 49.0 % , Venezuela 's National Electoral Council said Monday . The South American country 's top election official certified the results at a ceremony in Caracas , saying Venezuela 's voting system had worked perfectly . Maduro , who billed himself throughout the campaign as Chavez 's political heir , told supporters Monday that the former president 's son-in-law would be executive vice president during his six-year term . Jorge Arreaza has been Venezuela 's science and technology minister and is married to Chavez 's daughter , Rosa Virginia . Earlier Monday , Capriles called on his supporters to protest and slammed Maduro as an "  illegitimate " leader . "  If both sides have said that they want to count vote for vote , what is the rush ? What are they hiding ? Why do we have to accelerate the process ? " he said . "  What they want is for the truth not to be known . " Many of the opposition candidate 's backers took to the streets Monday night , banging pots and pans to protest the government 's refusal to recount votes . Capriles called on them to head to local election offices Tuesday . The head of Maduro 's campaign accused Capriles of inciting violence . "  This man , Capriles , does not know how to lose , " Jorge Rodriguez , the head of Maduro 's campaign , told reporters Monday . Capriles ' repeated demands for a recount left key questions about Venezuela 's future unanswered Monday : Will Maduro 's supporters stick behind him ? Will tension in the deeply divided country boil over after the tight race ? And will world leaders recognize the results ? The presidents of Argentina , Bolivia and Cuba were among the leaders who offered congratulations to Maduro on Monday . But the head of a prominent regional body said he supported a recount . And a White House spokesman pushed for an audit of the results . "  The result as reported is extremely close , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . "  The opposition candidate and at least one member of the electoral council have called for an audit , which ... in our view , seems like an important and prudent step to take . " Organization of American States Secretary-General Jose Miguel Insulza offered the support of the regional body 's election experts for a recount "  in the context of deep division and political polarization . " Both Capriles and Maduro have urged supporters to remain peaceful but appeared to be bracing for an intense political fight . Tension mounts after tight race Police and National Guard troops stood by , armed with tear gas , as protesters gathered in one Caracas neighborhood Monday night , witness Alejandro Astorman said . On state television , Maduro vowed to use an "  iron fist " against any coup attempts and accused political opponents of trying to destabilize the country . On Sunday , Maduro said he would have nothing to hide if votes were recounted . On Monday , he said officials had already ruled that the results showing his victory were clear . "  It is the majority , " he said . "  There is a majority that won , and there is a minority that we recognize and respect , even though many of them hate us . " Capriles stressed that Maduro must also recognize the political will of the millions of voters who supported the opposition . "  Here there is no majority , " he said . "  There are two halves . " Sunday 's closely watched election comes at a time of political polarization and uncertainty for Venezuela . It was the second time in just over six months that voters in the South American country cast ballots in a presidential vote . Chavez , who ruled Venezuela for 14 years , celebrated a triumphant re-election victory in October . After his death on March 5 , authorities announced new elections to select his successor . ' I am not Chavez , but I am his son ' Maduro , 50 , has been Venezuela 's interim leader since Chavez 's death . When he registered to run for the presidency last month , he told supporters , "  I am not Chavez , but I am his son . " They were n't blood relations , but in one of his last public appearances , Chavez tapped Maduro as his replacement . "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said in December , waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " It was the first time Chavez had named a successor . His comments dramatically changed the political landscape and became the basis for Maduro 's push to ascend to the presidency after his mentor 's death . Throughout the campaign , Maduro pledged to continue Chavez 's efforts to build "  21st century socialism " and said his platform consisted of following the former president 's plan for the country . At rallies for Maduro , a recording of Chavez 's voice belting out the national anthem boomed through loudspeakers . At one campaign event , he told supporters that Chavez appeared to him in the form of a little bird to give him spiritual support . And Maduro 's official campaign theme song began with a militant drumbeat and Chavez 's voice , endorsing his candidacy . Campaigns bracing for a battle Capriles , 40 , said he was pushing a more moderate approach , promising to continue social programs and improve the country 's economy . The opposition candidate lost to Chavez in October 's presidential vote , but he came within 10 percentage points of the longtime leader . It was a significant gap , but the closest any opposition candidate ever came to defeating Chavez during his rule . More than 78 % of the 18.9 million Venezuelans registered voted in Sunday 's presidential election , Lucena said . In Venezuela , elections officials said Sunday evening that the day had proceeded smoothly without major incidents . Authorities detained 43 people for alleged electoral crimes , Maj. Gen. Wilmer Barrientos told reporters . As polls were closing Sunday , Twitter accounts for Maduro and his party were apparently hacked with posts denouncing "  electoral fraud . " A group calling itself Lulz Security Peru claimed responsibility , while officials from Maduro 's campaign criticized what they said were "  dirty tactics . " They blamed right-wing political opponents for the hacking .	Nicolas Maduro says the election was fair and constitutional Election authorities proclaim him president-elect , despite calls for a recount The opposition candidate calls for Venezuelans to protest Both candidates call for peace , but appear to be bracing for a fight
CNN  -- Investigators searching for a missing 8-month-old boy began an intensive excavation and search effort Tuesday at a Texas landfill . "  Let me say this , that we do remain hopeful that baby Gabriel is alive , " William McManus , chief of the San Antonio Police Department , said at a news conference at the landfill . "  We are , however , conducting both a missing persons investigation as well as a homicide investigation , " he said , adding that aspects surrounding Gabriel Johnson 's disappearance involve elements of a possible homicide . Gabriel has been missing since December 26 and was last seen in San Antonio , with his 23-year-old mother , Elizabeth Johnson , who has refused to disclose information on his whereabouts . She told Gabriel 's father she killed the boy and has also said she gave him away to a couple in San Antonio , police say . Johnson drove Gabriel to San Antonio from Tempe , Arizona , and she went to Florida a week later , according to investigators . Johnson was arrested in Florida and extradited to Maricopa County , Arizona , where she remains behind bars , charged with kidnapping , custodial interference and child abuse . A lead prompted investigators to focus on the landfill , which is owned by Republic Services , a waste and environmental services company based in Phoenix , Arizona . The part of the landfill that will be searched has been pinpointed , according to McManus . First , it will take at least six days to remove 45 feet of garbage that has piled up since the time investigators believe evidence may have been dumped in the area . "  Once we have removed the debris and have searched our target area , we will begin the arduous task of sifting through layers in the search for possible evidence , " McManus said . "  This phase will be a long and repetitive cycle . Search teams will be looking for anything of evidentiary value . " Cadaver dogs will assist the search teams in the effort , which will be conducted weekdays from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. , McManus said . He estimated more than 20 people will be involved . Rain would not compromise any evidence but could cause dangerous toxic runoff , which Fire Department and hazardous materials experts would work to contain . San Antonio police have been working with the FBI and Tempe police . They have been looking at every lead and "  chasing them down very , very vigorously , " McManus said . "  We are doing everything that we can to try to track down baby Gabriel , and hopefully we will find that baby alive . "	8-month-old has been missing since December 26 His mother has said she killed him and also that she gave him away San Antonio police are excavating landfill in search after getting a lead
CNN  -- The declaration of a state of emergency in Thailand following violent clashes between anti-government and security forces marks the latest escalation in a long-running political crisis which has plunged the southeast Asian country into frequent bouts of disorder and instability . The scene from the streets of Bangkok on Monday showed widespread protests against the government . This weekend 's protests , which included forcing the postponement of a summit of Asian leaders in the southern coastal city of Pattaya and demonstrations on the streets of Bangkok , were orchestrated by red-shirted supporters of the controversial and corruption-tainted former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Thaksin -- a multibillionaire media tycoon elected in 2001 on a populist platform that promised universal healthcare and cash handouts to poor villagers -- was ousted from power in a bloodless army coup in 2006 and has been in exile abroad since being sentenced last October to two years in prison after being convicted of a corruption charge by Thailand 's Supreme Court . But Thaksin remains a polarizing figure in Thailand , commanding substantial support in the countryside . Until last year , Thaksin 's allies had remained in power with the government headed by the exiled prime minister 's brother-in law , Somchai Wongsawat , despite disruptive protests by the opposition People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  , whose supporters dressed in yellow and represented Thailand 's traditional ruling class , suspicious of Thaksin 's populist model of democracy . But the PAD achieved its goal of ousting Somchai in December after a week-long occupation of the prime ministerial Government House offices and blockading Bangkok 's main airports , stranding thousands of tourists . Thailand 's Constitutional Court subsequently disbanded Somchai 's People Power Party for electoral fraud and barred Somchai from office for five years , paving the way for Thai lawmakers to elect opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva as prime minister . iReport.com : "  Red shirts " take to streets But Thaksin 's supporters insist that Abhisit was not democratically elected and have vowed to protest until fresh elections are held . On Sunday , Thaksin told protesters via a video link from an unknown location that he would return home to lead them in a march on the capital if necessary . "  Now that they have tanks on the street and the soldiers are coming out , so it is time for the people to come out for a revolution , " Thaksin said . Writing in a blog , CNN 's Bangkok Correspondent Dan Rivers said he saw five possible scenarios emerging from the current crisis . Firstly , Abhisit could call a snap election , which he would be unlikely to win because Thaksin 's allies continue to lead polls . Secondly , he could resign , resulting in the creation of another coalition which would struggle to unify the rival factions , leaving open the likelihood of further protests from one side or the other . Thirdly , Thaksin could return from exile to lead a red-shirted uprising ; a scenario which Rivers describes as "  messy and bloody . " iReport.com : "  Numerous buses set ablaze " Fourthly , the army could again intervene , as it has done in the past , although Rivers says that would do little to heal the deep divisions between both sides . Finally , Rivers said , Abhisit could choose to ride out the protests or "  get tough . " But both strategies would likely damage his standing . "  Trying to ignore the protests will leave him looking even weaker ; ordering a violent crack-down may simply harden the resolve of the red shirts and provide fodder to their questionable claims that Abhisit has dictatorial tendencies , " Rivers said .	Thai state of emergency is latest episode in ongoing political crisis Thailand has been unstable since former PM Thaksin ousted in coup in 2006 Thaksin 's supporters insist current government is illegitimate , want new elections Thaksin : "  It is time for the people to come out for a revolution "
CNN  -- A Florida prosecutor said his office will "  get to the bottom " of a sexual assault case investigation involving Florida State University quarterback Jameis Winston . A lawyer for the FSU star said his client will cooperate with authorities even though he believed the case had been closed for months . In an interview Friday , State Attorney Willie Meggs said his office learned of the case on Wednesday . "  What we 're going to try to do is to get to the bottom of it and try to do justice , " he said . Meggs , state attorney for Florida 's 2nd Judicial Circuit , said he believed the case could have been handled differently , but he did not offer specifics . The latest development in the case comes as No. 2 FSU plays its homecoming game against Syracuse on Saturday . Winston is a candidate for the Heisman Trophy , college football 's top award . The sexual assault complaint was filed in December . Winston 's lawyer , Tim Jansen , said the red-shirt freshman has not been questioned by police as part of the investigation . Jansen said police in Tallahassee told him in February the case had been closed . "  I informed my client , I informed the university , that the matter was resolved , and we all moved forward , " Jansen said . But Meggs said the case is not closed . "  There 's people who needed to be located and talked to and , to the best of my knowledge , they have n't been , " the prosecutor said . Meggs said , "  The most important thing here is , we do have a victim in the case . Victims have rights . We do n't pick our victims , nor do we pick our suspects . They are who they are and I think our job is to do the right thing with the case . " Tallahassee Police have released a heavily redacted police report documenting a sexual assault allegation . Jansen would not comment on the document , but said his client 's name "  has been intermingled " with the investigation . No one has been charged in the investigation . Calls made Friday for comment from the Tallahassee Police Department were not immediately returned . Winston 's name does not appear in the redacted version of the complaint , dated December 7 , and a suspect description includes a height ranging between 5-foot-9 and 5-foot-11 , several inches shorter than the 6-foot-4 quarterback . Meggs said , "  If I were you all , I would n't put too much into a redacted police report . " Jansen said he had given investigators sworn statements from witnesses "  that we believe are favorable to Mr. Winston , " and those witnesses had been interviewed by police . Meggs confirmed that his office received two affidavits from Jansen but had not yet interviewed the witnesses . Georgia Cappleman , the Leon County chief assistant state 's attorney , said police delivered the case to her office on Tuesday . "  I am not aware of it being closed nor did my office ask that it be reopened , " Cappleman said . "  I do not know the reason the case was not presented sooner . I can not confirm any suspects or comment on the evidence , as it is a pending investigation . " Florida State said it could not comment on an open investigation , but said there was no change in Winston 's status . "  We look forward to a speedy resolution of the issue , " a school statement added . Jansen said the report had been leaked to reporters in the past week , timing he called "  very suspect . " FSU is a national title contender , and Heisman voting takes place in early December : "  Any kind of negative can affect that , " he said	Florida prosecutor takes on case of December 2012 incident FSU star Jameis Winston 's lawyer says his client is cooperating State Attorney Willie Meggs says the case could have been handled differently
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama warned Tuesday of diminished emergency services , longer airport security lines and other problems if Congress fails to reach agreement on avoiding the harshest impacts of automatic , across-the-board spending cuts set to begin March 1 . With firefighters , police officers and other emergency responders standing behind him , Obama said that "  people will lose their jobs " if the forced cuts are allowed to take effect . The cuts -- known as sequestration in Washington jargon -- wo n't help grow the economy or achieve jobs , Obama said , calling those goals the top priority of his administration . He listed a litany of possible impacts intended to inspire public outrage at the potential new reality caused by the spending cuts , such as fewer police and firefighters on the streets , reduced military readiness , less border security , and criminals going free because federal prosecutors will have to close cases . "  Air traffic controllers and airport security will see cutbacks , which means more delays at airports across the country , " Obama continued . "  Thousands of teachers and educators will be laid off . Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids . Hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings . " However , top congressional Republicans shot back that Obama can prevent harmful reductions in essential services by targeting other areas that his party believes reflect bloated and inefficient government . "  To keep these first responders on the job , what other spending is the president willing to cut ? " House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio asked in a statement , echoing a theme also asserted by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  Surely the president wo n't cut funds to first responders when just last year Washington handed out an estimated $ 115 billion in payments to individuals who were n't even eligible to receive them , or at a time when 11 different government agencies are funding 90 different green energy programs , " McConnell said in a statement . "  That would be a terrible and entirely unnecessary choice by a President who claims to want bipartisan reform . " At the White House , Obama said the mechanics of the forced spending cuts prevented such decision-making . "  If Congress allows this meat-cleaver approach to take place , it will jeopardize our military readiness , it will eviscerate job-creating investments in education and energy and medical research , it wo n't consider whether we 're cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day , " Obama said . "  It does n't make those distinctions . " Senate Democrats have proposed replacing the imminent cuts with a combination of more tax revenue from millionaires , ending agriculture subsidies and reducing defense spending after the end of combat operations in Afghanistan . House Republicans , who control the chamber , reject any increased tax revenue as a solution , setting up another in a series of congressional showdowns over spending and taxes that dominated Obama 's first term . Obama repeated his call from last week for Congress to agree to a temporary respite from the forced spending cuts while possible negotiations continue on a larger solution . He also complained that Republican ideas so far for avoiding forced budget cuts "  ask nothing " from the wealthiest Americans or big corporations . He added that the GOP prefers having the reductions take effect instead of having "  a single tax loophole " disappear for those who do n't need it . "  None of us will get 100 percent of what we want , " the president said . "  But nobody should want these cuts to go through because the last things our families can afford right now is pain imposed unnecessarily by partisan recklessness and ideological rigidity here in Washington . " Republicans were forced to concede on their steadfast opposition to increased taxes by agreeing in early January to higher rates on top income earners as part of a deal to avoid some of the harshest impacts of what was known as the fiscal cliff , which included the forced spending cuts of sequestration as well as automatic tax hikes . That agreement put off action on the sequester cuts , which were mandated by a 2011 agreement to raise the federal debt ceiling . By the numbers : Automatic spending cuts The purpose of the deep cuts to all discretionary programs and the military was to motivate Congress to reach a comprehensive deficit reduction agreement that would replace them . However , such a deal has proved impossible , leading to the imminent application of $ 85 billion in spending cuts for 2013 and almost $ 1 trillion over 10 years . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and other officials warn that the cuts will have a dire impact on government operations and military readiness . The Pentagon would absorb about half of the reductions . In a letter to Congress last week , FBI Director Robert Mueller said "  sequestration will require immediate and significant reductions " to the agency and its operations . "  Because sequestration calls for across-the-board cuts , the FBI would be required to do less in all its programs , including against Al Qaeda and its affiliated groups , as well as the growing and sophisticated threats from cyber attacks , foreign intelligence , and national and transnational criminal activities , " Mueller 's letter warned . For example , he noted , sequestration would mean cutting 2,285 FBI employees . The GOP opposes any increase in tax rates or other steps to bring in more tax revenue , saying the nation needs to reduce the cost of government . "  We should close loopholes and carve-outs in the tax code , but that revenue should be used to lower rates across the board , " Boehner 's statement said . "  Tax reform is a once-in-a generation opportunity to boost job creation in America . It should not be squandered to enable more Washington spending . " To Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , the GOP stance means "  Republicans have shown that they would rather let the sequester go into effect , or make even deeper cuts to Medicare , education and medical research , than close a single wasteful tax loophole . " In their plan unveiled last week , Senate Democrats proposed replacing the forced spending cuts of sequestration through the end of this year , leaving time for possible negotiations on a broader deficit-reduction package that would eliminate sequestration entirely . They called for $ 54 billion in new revenue by implementing the "  Buffett rule , " a principle by billionaire financier Warren Buffett that he should n't pay a lower tax rate than his secretary . Under it , anyone with adjusted income of more than $ 1 million after charitable deductions would pay a minimum 30 % tax rate . Other revenue measures in the package include ending tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas and closing tax loopholes for the oil industry . In addition , the package would cut military funding starting in 2015 , following the planned end of U.S. combat operations next year in Afghanistan . It would also end agriculture subsidies for a total saving of $ 55 billion . Also Tuesday , Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson proposed a new framework to cut the country 's debt by $ 2.4 trillion over the next decade . The real impact of automatic cuts Bowles and Simpson were the co-chairmen of Obama 's bipartisan fiscal commission in 2010 , and their recommendations came to serve as a yardstick for other debt-reduction proposals . Since the fiscal commission disbanded , Congress and the White House have enacted about $ 2.7 trillion worth of savings that will occur over the next decade . The $ 2.4 trillion in deficit cuts in the new Bowles-Simpson proposal would eliminate the need for the forced spending cuts of sequestration . Bowles and Simpson called for tax reform that eliminates or reduces some write-offs and loopholes , reducing spending on Medicare and Medicaid and adopting a less generous inflation formula for entitlements and benefits such as Social Security . Other provisions in their new plan included curbing farm subsidies and increasing how much civilian and military personnel contribute to their health and retirement plans . If the forced spending cuts of sequestration take effect on March 1 , federal workers could start facing furloughs as early as April , according to federal agencies trying to prepare for the worst . Daniel Werfel , a controller for the Office of Management and Budget , told a Senate panel last week that furloughs wo n't happen until after agencies negotiate with unions , and that 's not expected to be finished until after March 1 . After union bargaining , the agencies still need to give employees their official 30 days notice of impending furloughs , realistically pushing most furloughs off until April . However , some non-union employees could face furloughs in March . Unions usually have the final say on how the furloughs will be implemented , said Colleen M. Kelley , president of the National Treasury Employees Union  NTEU  . She said they get to bargain with federal agencies on issues such as how the furloughed days will be spread out . The exact number of total furloughs planned is still unavailable , since agencies are still deciding how to spread the cuts . It 's possible some agencies may yet be able to spare some employees from furloughs or at least minimize days of unpaid leave . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi and Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP leaders say Obama can avoid the worst cuts President Obama says Republican ideas lack any contribution by the wealthy House Republicans oppose any new revenue as a replacement for forced spending cuts Federal workers could face furloughs in April without an agreement
CNN  -- Campus police at the University of South Florida were questioning two men in connection with back-to-back incidents on the school campus Monday . Police take a man into custody at the University of South Florida after receiving reports of a person with a bomb . Investigators were questioning one man following a report of an armed intruder , USF police Lt. Meg Ross said . And a second man was also being questioned following a report of a man carrying a large hunting knife and a puppy , she said . USF police asked the Tampa police 's bomb team to respond to the campus regarding a backpack belonging to man in the first incident , said Ross . No one was hurt , she said , and no shots were fired . "  We have someone we think may have been involved , " Ross told CNN , "  but we have to investigate fully . " "  We have not looked in his backpack , " she added . "  We have the bomb squad on their way to look at that . " Police received a report that a person armed with a bomb and a gun was in the area of the university 's library . Authorities later received a report of a subject on a bus in the area of the university 's Parking and Transportation Services , Ross said . "  We checked the area at the library , did not locate him , but then received a subsequent report of a subject on a bus , " she said . The campus stayed on lockdown after police received a report almost immediately after taking the first man into custody of a man wearing a black tank top and a cowboy hat , carrying a knife and a black puppy . "  We 're questioning him , " Ross said . "  We do not believe he is related to the first incident with the backpack . " Text messages were sent out to 13,000 employees and 45,000 students to warn them after the first incident , and emergency sirens on campus also were activated , officials said . But Ross said that the campus had been given the all-clear , except for the shuttle-bus area -- where the first subject was taken into custody -- while Tampa Police examined the backpack . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Campus police question 2 men after incidents on school campus Monday Report of armed intruder on the University of South Florida campus in Tampa , Florida Police received a report of person armed with bomb , gun near the library USF police say no one was hurt , no shots were fired
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. first lady Laura Bush -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- called on Myanmar 's military junta to "  step aside , " give up the "  terror campaigns " against its people and allow for a democratic Myanmar in a commentary published in Wednesday 's Wall Street Journal . U.S. first lady Laura Bush said the junta "  should step aside to make way for a unified Burma . " "  Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime , " Bush said . "  They should step aside to make way for a unified Burma -LSB- Myanmar -RSB- governed by legitimate leaders . "  The rest of the armed forces should not fear this transition -- there is room for a professional military in a democratic Burma , " Bush said , in keeping with the U.S. policy of still using Myanmar 's former name . In Wednesday 's commentary , Bush called on Myanmar 's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy . "  Meanwhile , the world watches -- and waits , " Bush warns . "  We know that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies have the advantage of violent force . But Ms. Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy , the support of the Burmese people and the support of the world . "  The regime 's position grows weaker by the day . The generals ' choice is clear : The time for a free Burma is now . " The humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has been a cause for the first lady in the past few months as the crisis there worsened . Myanmar state media has reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them -- under an emergency law imposed on September 25 banning assembly of more than five people -- and that 700 of those people have been released . The official death toll from Myanmar 's leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed and thousands arrested in the wake of the demonstrations that peaked late September , which were led by Myanmar 's Buddhist monks . On Tuesday morning , Bush received a phone call from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to update her on the efforts of his special envoy to Myanmar , Ibrahim Gambari . A representative of the secretary general said the call was a follow-up to a conversation they had weeks ago . Gambari met last week with the military junta leadership as well as with Nobel Peace Prize winner Suu Kyi , who is under house arrest in Yangon . The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Zalmay Khalilzad , told reporters that Laura Bush and her husband 's administration believe that there is a "  need to start preparing for transition " for Myanmar . "  We believe it is very important that progress be made and prisoners be released and conditions for Aun Sung Suu Kyi be improved -LSB- so -RSB- that she can prepare for participation for negotiations for a transition , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Laura Bush calls on Myanmar junta to "  step aside , " allow for a democracy Military leaders must give up the "  terror campaigns " against its people , she says Junta should release Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders , she says Her rare foray into foreign policy was published in the Wall Street Journal
Atlanta  CNN  -- First it was the start of winter vacation . Then Christmas Eve and Christmas passed , as had Henry Cleary 's eighth birthday . But finally -- after 10 days away from home , with his mother and the rest of their family unaware of where they were most of that time -- Henry and his older brother , Ben , should soon be heading back to Georgia . The two boys were found Saturday evening in Austin , Texas -- about 950 miles west of their hometown of Roswell , an Atlanta suburb -- Austin Police Lt. James Nisula told CNN . The brothers are safe . And the man who is suspected of taking them , their father Daniel Cleary , is in police custody , according to Nisula . He will be charged with interstate interference with custody , a felony , and extradited back to Georgia , according to Roswell Police Lt. James H. McGee . "  I 'm ecstatic , I 'm in shock , " Theresa Nash , soon after hearing the news and getting off the phone with her boys . Her joy was a far cry from what she was feeling a few hours earlier . Nash said she did n't know why her estranged husband did not bring the boys home as planned Wednesday from a trip to Tennessee that began December 19 . She told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that she had not heard from Daniel Cleary since December 22 . In an emotional plea on CNN Saturday , she asked for the boys to be brought home safely . "  He 's trying to take care of them , " she said of her estranged husband . "  But I think it 's a scary situation for everybody at this point . " Police first issued an Amber Alert for the suspect and his two sons on Thursday , eight days after they were last seen in Georgia . "  Suspect & children are believed to be traveling in a 2002 silver Jeep Grand Cherokee ... traveling on west side of Nashville , TN , on Interstate 40 , " the alert stated . The next day , authorities released pictures of the father and his two boys taken from surveillance cameras December 23 and December 24 at a Walmart in Jackson , Tennessee . Still , they did n't know exactly where they were . That changed Saturday , soon after Theresa Nash went on CNN , clutching Ben 's beloved teddy bear and Henry 's stuffed hippo as she sat beside a picture of the two boys . "  This vacation has been overdue . It 's time to come home , and we welcome you home ... safely , " she said , addressing Daniel Cleary . "  Your whole family is behind this , as is my whole family . We are working together , and we really want you to come home . " A person at the Crossland Austin West hotel in Texas had been watching CNN , recognized the Cleary brothers and called 911 , said Austin police Lt. Wuthipong Tantaksinanukij . After getting that tip around 5:11 p.m. CT , officers went to the hotel and , as "  they started setting up , saw the suspect coming out of one of the rooms with the two children , " Tantaksinanukij said . "  He was taken into custody without further incident , " said the police spokesman , noting Daniel Cleary is now at the Williamson County Jail . Authorities looking into the case subsequently found "  a handgun -- a pistol -- and a large sum of money . " Tantaksinanukij said he did n't know why the boys and their father ended up in Austin , or how long they 'd been there . But he said the case might not have been solved Saturday night without the alert citizen , as well as the Amber Alert system that publicizes news of missing and endangered children on highways , in police stations and around the United States . "  The law enforcement community nationwide , we take these Amber Alerts seriously when it deals with kids , " Tantaksinanukij said . "  This was one of the cases where it was activated and it worked . " Around the time her estranged husband was being taken into custody , Nash said she got a call from a man who said , "  I 'm sitting here with your two sons . " He then handed the phone to the boys . Unaware of the commotion , the boys said Daniel Cleary had told them their mother was in the hospital , Nash said . They talked about other things as well -- like the birthday boy Henry bragging about how he 'd been kicking Ben 's butt on iPad games , and Nash telling them she 'd gotten the brothers an Xbox for Christmas . "  They were all joy , " she said . For now , her boys are healthy and with police , "  doing what kids should be doing right now -- they 're playing , " said Tantaksinanukij . Nash said Saturday night that she was flying first thing to Dallas , then renting a car and driving to Austin . She does n't know where or when she 'll pick her sons up , "  but we have plenty of time to figure it out . " She thanked the media for showcasing her family 's story , and was taken aback by how much things changed for her and her family in a moment 's notice . "  It is amazing , " Nash said . "  I had lost hope . " CNN 's Jason Morrell and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : A person alerted police after recognizing the missing boys on CNN , police say Daniel Cleary failed to return his sons as planned and had n't been heard from An Amber Alert went out Thursday ; the boys ' mother pleaded Saturday for their return "  It is amazing . I had lost hope , " their mother says , shortly after talking to her sons
CNN  -- It just about broke Elise Kamin 's heart to have to tell her 6-year-old daughter , Piper , that she could n't buy her a Halloween costume this year . The child knows little about the adult struggles that Kamin and her fiance are facing as federal employees who have been working without pay since October 1 . Kamin , who works for the Social Security Administration in Winter Haven , Florida , is trying to shield Piper and her 9-year-old brother as long as she can . "  Having to explain to your children why they ca n't go to tutoring right now , or why they ca n't get a Halloween costume or pumpkin , or why they ca n't attend a friend 's birthday party , all because of this nonsense in Washington , is horrible , " Kamin wrote on CNN iReport . She said she shared her story with CNN because "  I feel like I have no other way to voice my concerns and to help my children than to speak up . " Since the U.S. government went on a partial shutdown , CNN iReport has received more than 1,500 stories from families , many sharing fears and worries about what will happen if the impasse lags on . Plenty of families are already feeling the collateral damage -- and begging for an end to the paralysis in Washington . ` Put my grandma back to work ' On Tuesday , 59-year-old Joy Lorien had to ask her two grandchildren to eat the free breakfast offered at school because her cupboards were bare . She always makes the 9 - and 10-year-olds breakfast -- fried potatoes , a little bacon , cut-up bananas and a sweet roll . She cried just thinking about it as she took them to school . Lorien also reflected on the irony of the situation -- her grandchildren having to take government assistance because the government forced her out of work . It would normally be peak season at the Skyland Resort in Shenandoah National Park in Virginia , where Lorien has worked as a server or hostess for the past 30 years . She can usually count on making $ 1,000 a week this month -- enough to get her through the four months of the year when the lodge is closed . But temporary layoffs for Lorien and 200-plus workers at the resort went into effect on October 1 after the park 's closure . She expects to come back to work after the government resumes , but she wo n't get back any of her lost pay because the lodge is owned by a private company . Losing her job in October "  has taken my Christmas savings away , has taken what I could have saved for winter to get heat , food and pay my bills , " she wrote . "  How can anyone who had a part in shutting down the government look at themselves in the mirror ? " Writing letters to the editor of her newspaper and going to protests with her grandson has helped Lorien feel like she 's making her voice heard . The boy held a sign he made that said "  Please put my grandma back to work . " Americans on the edge Furloughed 90 % of his staff Small-business owner Buddy Gilmore estimates he 's losing $ 40,000 in revenue a week . His company does modeling and simulation , as well as network engineering , for the Department of Defense . And that number does n't include the $ 300,000 in outstanding invoices he has from a project work completed in July . "  That 's pretty tough for a small business , " he said . He 's had to furlough 90 % of his Colorado Springs , Colorado , staff because of lost business . And because his employees are not federal workers , they wo n't recoup that pay , he said . "  My mind is with my employees , some of whom have run out of vacation time and are dipping into their savings , " Gilmore said . "  I have offered up early Christmas bonuses , and some have opted to take them . " But his attempts to make the best of the situation are n't enough to assuage all of his employees . "  Some of my best and brightest employees are already looking for employment elsewhere , and they would be very hard to replace , " he said . "  Our shutdown fears have been realized . " ' I am collateral damage ' Elise Kamin is a claims representative for the Social Security Administration in Winter Haven , Florida , and her fiance is a supervisor at the Transportation Security Administration at the Orlando airport . Both have been deemed essential workers by the government , so they must work without pay or face disciplinary action . They 'll get paid eventually , but that 's little solace now when Kamin 's figuring out how to stretch out her last check -- for 48 hours of pay instead of 80 -- to cover her kids ' before-and-after-school care and the gas she needs to keep showing up to work . Kamin has tried to shield her children from her money woes ; they 've already been through a lot , having lost their father , uncle and grandfather in a boating accident last year . But the missing paycheck is already affecting them . Kamin canceled the private tutoring her son has received since falling behind in school last year and has told her daughter she ca n't go to two birthday parties because they ca n't pay for gifts or gas to get there . "  I also have bills to pay such as food , water , electricity , housing , etc. . I can only hold off creditors for so long . I can only balance the tightrope for so long , " she wrote in a comment on her iReport . "  I did nothing to cause this . I 've done nothing but be a loyal worker . I am collateral damage . " Update : A reader in California saw this story and arranged to pay for Halloween costumes for Kamin 's two children at a party store near them . Another reader , in Oregon , had a $ 500 supermarket gift card sent to Lorien . How has the shutdown affected your life ? Send a photo to iReport and tell us how the shutdown has affected you in a tangible way . CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this story .	Mom Elise Kamin says the math is against her family : 2 feds + 2 kids = trouble Joy Lorien ca n't afford to make her grandchildren breakfast ; they got the free one at school A Colorado business owner has had to furlough 90 % his staff ; some may not come back Tell us how you 've been affected by the shutdown
CNN  -- "  How do you solve a problem like Maria ? " That was the question Caroline Wozniacki was left asking Sunday after being handed a brutal beating in the final at Indian Wells . Maria Sharapova 's pace and power ensured a 6-2 6-2 victory in a one-sided final and left Wozniacki with the unenviable record of never having beaten a top-three player in a final . The four-time grand slam champion , currently ranked third in the world , will now become the new World No. 2 when the revised standings are unveiled on Monday . "  What makes it so special is when you end up as the champion , that 's why I am smiling , " Sharapova said courtside after extending her run of at least one WTA title each year since 2003 . "  I really appreciate these moments . This is what I do all the work for . When you have days like this ... it 's a really nice feeling because everything has paid off . " The Russian , who boasted a 4-2 record over Wozniacki heading into the contest , needed just 81 minutes to claim her first title since the 2012 French Open . Sharapova , 25 , started at breathtaking speed , pummeling her opponent with a degree of power which gave Wozniacki little chance . After breaking the World No. 10 in the first game of the match , Sharapova rarely let up , claiming the first set 6-2 after unleashing a series of impressive winners . Sharapova then broke Wozniacki in the first game of the second set and then again once more before serving out for the match at 5-2 . "  I think it was a tough match , a tough battle , and there were a lot of games that went to deuce and a lot of long games , " Sharapova told reporters . "  I always felt like I was always a foot ahead , especially with the breaks . I was able to serve well today , and that helped me . " Wozniacki , who has 20 WTA titles to her name , is now hoping to bounce back in Miami next week . "  She was putting pressure on me from the start , " Wozniacki told reporters . "  She was serving very well . I felt like everything that she wanted to do today was going in . She was making very few errors , and if she did , then it was really at the times where it did n't really matter . "  I have to say she just played too well today . " Rafael Nadal will play Juan Martin del Potro in the men 's final Sunday .	Maria Sharapova won the women 's singles title at Indian Wells World No. 3 defeated Caroline Wozniacki in straight sets Sharapova last won title at Indian Wells back in 2006 Rafael Nadal to face Juan Martin del Potro in men 's final
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan politician Abdullah Abdullah withdrew Sunday from the upcoming runoff election , saying he believes that the second round would be as fraudulent as the first . "  I want this to be an example for the future so that no one again tries to use fraud to abuse the rights of the Afghan people , " Abdullah said . Abdullah 's withdrawal was not expected to change plans for the November 7 runoff election and ensures the re-election of President Hamid Karzai if the voting proceeds as scheduled . Azizullah Lodin , the president of Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission , said Sunday that an announcement on holding the runoff would be made Monday . In a statement , Karzai 's campaign spokesman said the president would respect whatever decision the commission 's makes about whether to hold the election . Karzai initially had claimed victory after the first ballot in August , but a U.N.-backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly a third of his votes , citing fraud . When that left Karzai short of a majority , he agreed to the runoff , set for Saturday . Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials and politicians to avert electoral fraud in the runoff . He argued that the commissioners , who are hired by Karzai , can not be impartial . But that request was not met , he said Sunday , and he did not believe that a transparent election was possible . "  I spoke to Karzai about the Independent Election Commission abusing its powers , but he denied it and refused to dismiss them , " he said . The election commission , which denied any wrongdoing , slammed the candidate 's accusations . Unless Abdullah has proof of such bias , he is in no position to ask any Afghan official to step down , Lodin said . In a statement Sunday , the U.S. Embassy said "  the United States remains committed to supporting the Afghan people in carrying out a constitutional electoral process . " "  The United States looks forward to working with the next Afghan administration and with the Afghan people and our partners in the international community to support Afghanistan 's progress towards peace and stability , " the embassy statement said . Also Sunday , the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said "  the next step must be to bring this electoral process to a conclusion in a legal and timely manner . " In a statement , a representative for the U.N. group credited Abdullah with having "  acted in a statesmanlike and dignified way and put forward a number of constructive proposals for reform which I hope will be part of the political agenda for Afghanistan 's future . " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said in a statement that he was "  confident that Afghanistan 's leaders will support the remaining steps of the democratic process . " "  We hope to see an Afghan government emerge that responds to the will of the people , that reaches out to all parts of Afghan society and that is ready to take strong action to meet the challenges that Afghanistan faces , " Brown 's statement said . "  We are ready to work in close partnership with such a government . " Abdullah did not address any plans to be part of a possible coalition government , but he did not rule it out either . "  I will not focus on that , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Sunday , adding that his goal was to contribute to a better Afghanistan in whatever capacity he found himself . He urged his supporters to remain calm and not take to the streets in protest . "  I will be available to serve this country , " he said . "  I am in consultations with my followers . ... A movement for change will be there , and I will lead that movement . " A spokesman for Karzai said it was "  very unfortunate " that Abdullah had decided to boycott the runoff . However , the vote should be held anyway , for the sake of Afghans , Waheed Omar said . "  The process has to continue . ... The people of Afghanistan have to be given the right to vote , " Omar said . Abdullah rejected any assertion that his withdrawal meant people should boycott the vote . "  Absolutely not , " he said . "  I will not infringe into the rights of our citizens . This is my decision , and the people of Afghanistan will judge it for themselves and make decisions for themselves . " He also said he opposed any violence from his supporters , adding that he "  called upon them to stay calm , patient . " Asked about how Karzai can plan to go ahead with a one-person runoff , Abdullah responded , "  You can ask him . " "  But I 'm not getting into the legal implications and constitutional implications of my decision , " Abdullah said . Zalmay Khalilzad , a former U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , predicted last week in an interview to air at 2 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN 's "  Amanpour " that Abdullah would quit the race . "  First , he does n't have much money left , " he said . "  Second , I think that he thinks that given the situation , he 's likely to lose , and maybe he 'll get less votes than he did in the first round , so that would be embarrassing . " At a news conference in Jerusalem on Saturday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the legitimacy of the race would not be affected in the event of Abdullah 's withdrawal . On Sunday , Clinton said in a statement , "  We hope that -LSB- Abdullah -RSB- will continue to stay engaged in the national dialogue and work on behalf of the security and prosperity of the people of Afghanistan . " "  It is now a matter for the Afghan authorities to decide on a way ahead that brings this electoral process to a conclusion in line with the Afghan constitution , " Clinton 's statement added . "  We will support the next president and the people of Afghanistan , who seek and deserve a better future . " Abdullah 's announcement comes after Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander of forces in Afghanistan , has asked for additional troops to fight the Taliban insurgency , which has escalated its violence recently . The militants have vowed to disrupt the election and claimed responsibility for a Wednesday attack that killed five United Nations workers , two of whom were helping with the vote . Nine others were wounded after attackers stormed a guest house in Kabul . In response , the United Nations ordered nonessential personnel out of the country . A record number of U.S. troops were killed in Afghanistan in October : at least 58 . Abdullah said issues such as security and the possibility of more attacks were factors in his decision . "  This is not in exchange for anything from anybody , " he said . "  My decision was purely to give the people of Afghanistan a chance to move on . " CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Hundreds of thousands of votes were tossed after the August vote President of election commission says coalition government "  against the law " Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials He argues that the commissioners , whom Karzai hired , can not be impartial
London  CNN  -- Charles Dickens is one of the world 's best-loved writers , whose books -- and the countless film and TV adaptations they inspire -- still keep readers  and viewers  on the edge of their seats . Now , 200 years on from his birth , his genius is to be feted with a host of events marking the bicentenary of one of Britain 's most famous sons . Dickens 2012 will see everything from readings to royal visits , celebrating the man who gave the world "  Oliver Twist , " "  David Copperfield " and "  Great Expectations . " In London , the special events will begin with a celebrity performance , by actors Simon Callow and Joanna Lumley , at the Dickens family 's graves in Highgate Cemetery on Monday . And on Tuesday , the anniversary of Dickens ' birth , the Prince of Wales will lay a wreath at Dickens ' grave in Poet 's Corner , Westminster Abbey , while actor Ralph Fiennes , Dickens ' biographer Claire Tomalin and the author 's great-great-grandson , Mark Dickens give readings . There are more commemorations planned across the country , and around the world , so what is Dickens ' secret ? And why , above all others , is his work still revered , so many years after his death ? Clare Pettitt , Dickens specialist at King 's College London , puts his continued popularity down to his modernity . "  Everybody says this about absolutely every author ever , but Dickens really was a peculiarly modern writer , very attuned to what was new ; he was writing at the beginning of the industrial revolution which , effectively , we are still in . "  He would have been fascinated by Twitter , for example -- he loved the telegraph , the railways , all sorts of modern communications technology , he was very ` on the button ' . " Adrian Wootton , co-director of the Dickens 2012 celebrations , insists that almost 150 years after his death , the "  Oliver Twist " author still has something to say : "  Dickens is not some fusty historical figure , but still an ultra-relevant , dynamic innovator . "  He rewrote the style , form and substance of the novel ; changed the process and dissemination of the printed word ; wrote the way a camera saw before film had ever been invented , and he remains the most cinematic of writers . " "  A critic of the young Dickens once said the writer ` would go up like a rocket and come down like a stick , ' " said Florian Schweizer , director of the Charles Dickens Museum . "  In 2012 , one thing seems to be sure : That rocket will not come down again . "  175 years after he first shot to fame at the age of 25 , Charles Dickens continues to be regarded as one of the world 's finest authors and storytellers , and one of the most influential figures Britain has ever produced . " But the Dickens 2012 celebrations are not limited to the UK -- and fittingly so . "  Dickens ' fame and appeal spreads well beyond Britain , " says Pettitt . "  He has huge global reach , well beyond the bounds of this island -- he 's been taken up by Bollywood , set in the south seas , in ` Mr Pip , ' and on and on . " The bicentenary will kick off in Australia , with the first part of a 24-hour Dickens read-a-thon to be staged in 24 countries across the world , from Albania to Zimbabwe , with readings from "  Oliver Twist " in India , and "  A Christmas Carol " in Kazakhstan . Susie Nicklin , director of literature at the British Council , which has organized the event , agreed such a worldwide celebration was truly appropriate , given Dickens ' international fame -- and his passion for performing . "  Reading aloud -- bringing characters to life -- was a crucial part of Dickens ' life , " she said , adding that the event would be a "  truly global homage to a great British literary giant . " And while many of the festivities are centered on February 7 , others will be much longer-lasting . One of the biggest commemorations of Dickens and his works in 2012 is the Dickens and London exhibition at the Museum of London  until June 10  , which celebrates the author 's links with the city , and explores how it inspired so many of his novels . It features items from Dickens ' own life -- including the desk he wrote at , his bank ledger , and the manuscripts for some of his most popular novels -- alongside items evoking life in London in the 19th century , from playbills , pub signs and theatre costumes to heartbreaking evidence of the extreme poverty Dickens knew well from his own childhood . London 's other big draw for Dickens fans , the Charles Dickens Museum , housed in his former home , is -- perhaps surprisingly -- to close for a large part of the bicentennial year , as part of a major refurbishment program , but it is expected to reopen just in time for Christmas 2012 , when a further round of Dickens celebrations are planned .	Several events planned to mark bicentenary of birth of Charles Dickens On Tuesday Prince of Wales will lay wreath at Dickens ' grave in Westminster Abbey Dickens specialist puts author 's continued popularity down to his modernity Dickens 2012 celebrations also planned elsewhere in the world
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghans in government uniforms launched three attacks on U.S. and Afghan forces in a 24-hour period , including one that breached the perimeter of an American outpost near Kandahar , a Pentagon spokesman said Tuesday . The strikes made for what Capt. John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman , called a "  tough day " around the southern city of Kandahar . A U.S. soldier was killed and several others were wounded in a shooting by gunmen in Afghan police uniforms Monday , and other disguised insurgents killed three Afghan police officers and wounded seven more in Kandahar , local authorities said Tuesday . Afghan insurgents strike U.S. outpost The most recent attack wounded nine coalition troops at the American outpost dubbed Forward Operating Base Frontenac , in the Arghandab River valley , north of Kandahar . Kirby told reporters Tuesday that the attackers were dressed in the uniforms of the Afghan National Security Forces . The attackers "  were engaged very quickly by friendly forces inside , " he said . "  There as a quick response force from a nearby combat outpost that responded almost immediately , and most of the casualties were evacuated to Kandahar . " Two U.S. officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said at least eight insurgents carried out the attack . Seven of them were killed and the sole survivor was wounded , they said . The area has been the scene of extensive insurgent activity in recent years . Neither official could explain how the breach occurred , but initial reports indicate officials believe the insurgents might have had help from Afghan security personnel . In Afghanistan , mother bravely campaigns for president Uniformed Afghans -- either insurgents in disguise or members of the country 's police or military -- have been behind numerous killings of U.S. and NATO troops this year . The incidents have fueled mutual distrust between Afghan and allied forces in the now-decade-old conflict . Tuesday 's clash followed an incident Monday in which three gunmen in Afghan police uniforms fired on American troops in another location in southern Afghanistan , killing one and wounding several others . Kirby said that incident "  appears to be what we consider a green-on-blue , an insider threat attack . " U.S. forces launched a manhunt for the attackers late Monday , but they remained at large , he said . And a gun battle erupted at a Kandahar police station early Tuesday morning when four insurgents wearing police uniforms tried to enter the facility , according to the office of the Kandahar governor . Police officers confronted them and a gun battle ensued , leaving the four attackers dead , the governor 's office said . All three strikes were located around Kandahar , the birthplace of the Taliban militia that once ruled most of Afghanistan . But beyond geography , "  It 's just too soon to say with any certainty the degree to which any of these are connected , " Kirby said . CNN 's Barbara Starr at the Pentagon and Masoud Popalzai in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : The attacks make for a "  tough day " around Kandahar , a Pentagon spokesman says NEW : Nine coalition troops are wounded in the latest attack An American soldier was killed and several were wounded on Monday Four Afghan police officers were killed and seven wounded Tuesday in Kandahar
CNN  -- A wheel from the main landing gear of a Colgan Airlines passenger plane fell off and rolled away as the aircraft was landing in Buffalo , New York , earlier this week . A wheel fell off the landing gear of Q400 Bombardier upon landing on Colgan Flight 3268 earlier this week . On Thursday night , The Toronto Sun posted a video of the incident shot by a passenger on the Q400 Bombardier -- the same type of plane involved in a fatal Colgan Airlines crash three months ago , also on approach to Buffalo Niagara International Airport . The video shows the wheel touch down on the ground and then roll away , followed by metal parts that are meant to keep the wheels in place . The plane was towed to the gate , where everyone on board "  deplaned normally , " said Joe Williams , a spokesman for Pinnacle Airlines , Colgan 's parent company . "  At no time was any passenger or crew member at risk , nor were any injuries reported , " Williams said of the Tuesday incident . "  The aircraft was properly maintained in accordance with the manufacturer and Federal Aviation Administration procedures . " Williams said the incident "  appears to have been caused by the failure of the outer wheel bearing ... the bearing was relatively new , having been on the aircraft for five weeks . " Colgan Flight 3268 originated in Newark , New Jersey . "  I was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too , " one passenger told the Toronto newspaper . "  For a moment , I thought the worst in that we may not make it . " Three months ago , Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed in nearby Clarence Center , New York , killing all 49 passengers and crew members aboard . One person was killed on the ground . Hearings about the cause of that accident have been held in Washington this week . Investigators have focused on pilot fatigue as a possible cause of the crash .	Wheel from main landing gear fell off as aircraft was landing earlier this week Colgan Airlines spokesman says no one on Flight 3268 was injured One person on flight : "  I was scared , and the other passengers looked worried , too " Three months ago , Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed , killing all 49 people aboard
CNN  -- Beyond the golden beaches and beneath the blue waters of the Puerto Rican island of Vieques is a site that resembles more of a munitions graveyard than a Caribbean paradise . James Porter measures a 2,000-pound Navy bomb in the waters off the Caribbean island of Vieques . Hundreds of corroding and unexploded bombs litter the sea floor , leaking toxins and taking a toll on nearby marine life . The munitions were left by the U.S. Navy , which had a training site on Vieques for six decades . "  We know that these munitions are leaking cancer-causing materials and endangering sea life , " said marine ecologist James Porter , associate dean of the Odum School of Ecology at the University of Georgia , who recently completed a research trip to Vieques . Responding to a request by the governor 's office of Puerto Rico , Porter tested the island 's waters for the presence of radioactive material surrounding the sunken USS Killen , a World War II-era destroyer used as target practice for Navy missiles . Instead , Porter stumbled upon another finding : cancer . He discovered that feather duster worms , sea urchins and various types of coral found near bombs and bomb fragments contained high levels of carcinogenic material -- in some cases 100,000 times more than what is considered safe for commercially edible seafood . "  We have not yet traced these contaminants from the reef to the dinner table , but we definitely know these contaminants are in the marine ecosystem , " he said . Porter was scheduled to present his findings Thursday at the Second International Dialogue on Underwater Munitions in Honolulu , Hawaii . The conference brings together scientists , military officials and underwater technology companies to discuss how to identify and clean up hazardous undersea munitions dumps from the Caribbean to the Baltic Sea . "  Any country that has a coastline and has ever had war is going to be a place where you can find this problem , " said Porter , who warns that removing underwater munitions takes careful planning . "  If you pick up a bomb , you pick up a problem . " Vieques , which lies just east of Puerto Rico 's mainland , has had a long history of U.S. military involvement . The Navy used the island as its main Atlantic training site for 60 years before pulling out in 2003 . In 2005 , the Environmental Protection Agency designated portions of Vieques Island a Superfund site , classified under a federal program to clean up the nation 's hazardous waste . The U.S. Navy has allocated an estimated $ 350 million in recent years to clean up areas of Vieques where unexploded bombs could come into contact with residents or tourists , said Christopher Penny , head of the U.S Navy 's Vieques Restoration Project . But these efforts so far have been limited to the land and shoreline . Vieques is one of many ocean sites around the world affected by abandoned ordnances , said scientists and military officials . "  In the U.S. and countries around the world going back to World War II , it was common practice to ... take munitions to a site well offshore and dispose of -LSB- them -RSB- , " said Addison Davis , Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Environment , Safety and Occupational Health . That changed in 1982 , when the United Nations passed the Law of the Sea Treaty , which made it illegal for countries to dump excess weapons in open waters . But cleaning up after history has its own unique challenges . One of the many political and environmental obstacles to addressing this issue is the lack of a munitions "  map . " There is no national or international registry that can pinpoint where these dump sites are , Porter said . Many of the bombs also have been corroded by saltwater over decades , making it more difficult for restoration crews to identify and safely remove them . Toxic elements such as TNT , mustard gas and the chemical weapon Lewisite also can be hard to detect in large bodies of water . "  It is a combination of looking at the safety , health and environmental risks and establishing levels for the cleanup , " said the Army 's Davis . One highlight of this week 's conference in Honolulu is the Army 's plan to remove old explosive rounds dumped in the shallow waters of Pokai Bay off Oahu 's Wai'anae Coast , an area known as Ordnance Reef . The Army has allocated about $ 4 million to clean up the area , which is estimated to hold more than 2,000 explosives . "  What we 're going to attempt to do is look at those munitions in the water that have the greatest potential for harm for people and the environment and to go after those first , " said Davis . Conventional and chemical weapons have historically been detonated or left to corrode , which presents a challenge when cleaning up ordnances from the sea floor . But a retired Navy bomb-disposal technician has invented a remotely operated vehicle he says can find , collect and dispose of these munitions in a safe way . James Barton calls his prototype an Ordinance Removal System . The machine picks up unexploded bombs off the sea floor and delivers them to a lift basket for surface disposal or deep-sea burial . It is operated remotely with toggle switches and relies on an underwater hydraulic system designed by Barton , president of Underwater Ordnance Recovery Inc. . "  I built this technology to help this problem , because people want these munitions out of the water , " Barton said . Scientists and military officials hope Porter 's findings and Barton 's device will help bring attention to an environmental problem that for years has been out of sight , out of mind . "  The environmental cost , preparation and training for war has huge environmental impacts that normally are not considered , " Porter said . "  We normally think of this kind of defense as national security . But in the long term we live on one planet , and taking care of that is maybe our best self-preservation and self-defense . "	Scientists are concerned about corroding , unexploded bombs that litter the sea floor High carcinogen levels found in creatures near bombs in waters off Vieques Island A conference this week in Hawaii will address how to remove undersea munitions Inventor has developed a remotely operated vehicle to dispose of undersea bombs
CNN  -- A second half goal from Nilmar gave Brazil to a 1-0 victory over an understrength England in a prestige friendly international in Doha on Saturday . The slender margin of defeat flattered England , with Luis Fabiano missing a penalty shortly after the breakthrough goal and Brazil captain Lucio crashing a shot against the post . In uncomfortable heat in the Qatar capital , Brazil always had the edge against and England team missing John Terry , his defensive partners Rio Ferdinand and Ashley Cole and midfield stars Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard . Wayne Rooney was handed the captaincy armband by Fabio Capello and gave a wholehearted performance , nearly giving his side the lead in the opening moments as he just failed to get a touch on an inviting cross by Shaun Wright-Phillips . But there were few other attacking moments for England in the first half and their goal was twice threatened as stand-in central defender Matthew Upson twice lost possession in dangerous positions . A shot screwed wide by Felipe Melo and Nilmar 's failure to find a teammate with his cross left his mistakes unpunished . England goalkeeper Ben Foster was also forced to make saves from Michel Bastos and the influential Kaka . Capello would have been happy to see his makeshift men go into the break still level but the effort was undone in the 46th minute as Elano 's clever cross underlined poor marking and Nilmar stepped in to head past Foster . England should have fallen two behind after Wes Brown 's mistake left Fabiano clear and he was brought down by his Manchester United teammate Foster . He was lucky to escape a red card but then watched as Fabiano made a woeful hash of the penalty . James Milner had a half-chance at the far post from another Wright-Phillips before Lucio found space to thump a shot which beat Foster and crashed against the post . England at least pressed in the closing stages but could not forge a clear chance against the five-time World Cup winners . Capello attempted to put a brave face on a lackluster display by his men . "  I think we played against a Brazil team who have the best XI in the world , " he told ITV Sport . "  My first XI will be better than this one . But I found a lot of things positive . " European champions Spain beat Diego Maradona 's Argentina 2-1 in an action-packed friendly at the Vicente Calderon stadium in Madrid . Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso scored two goals -- including an 86th-minute penalty -- to secure a home victory . Spain took the lead in the 16th minute after Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero saved David Silva 's angled shot only for Alonso to capitalize on the rebound . Lionel Messi equalized with a penalty just after the hour mark after Raul Albiol had been fouled . But Martin Demichelis handled in his own penalty area with four minutes left and Alonso netted the winner . Another prestige friendly saw World Cup title holders Italy and the Netherlands draw 0-0 in Pescara in a game of few chances . Home goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon became the fourth player to win 100 caps for Italy as he kept a clean sheet .	Brazil beat England 1-0 in friendly international in Doha on Saturday Villarreal striker Nilmar scores only goal of the match in 46th minute Xabi Alonso scores twice as Spain beat Argentina 2-1 in Madrid Netherlands and Italy play to goalless draw in Pescara
New York  CNN  -- Some people collect stamps or build miniature boats , while others obsess over their tricked-out cars -- but what if your hobby was building a nuclear fusion reactor ? For Mark Suppes , it is . By day , Suppes is a freelance web developer at Gucci , but at night he works in a warehouse lab in Brooklyn , New York , experimenting with nuclear fusion . Suppes says he became hooked on fusion after watching a video featuring Robert W. Bussard , an American physicist who worked primarily in nuclear fusion energy research . "  It very quickly struck me as one of the better ideas for new forms of energy , " Suppes says . Paul Schatzkin , founder of Fusor.net , says people typically think of Hiroshima or the Chernobyl disaster when they hear the word nuclear . "  And when they hear it they should think sun , " he says , "  because what they are building is a miniature synthetic star . A fusion reaction is a star . " According to Stan Milora , director of the Fusion Energy Division at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , nuclear fusion occurs when two hydrogen atoms fuse together and create a helium atom . The resulting helium atom has less mass but is heavier than the original hydrogen atoms . This difference in mass , according to Einstein 's classic formula , is what gives off energy , Milora says . Schatzkin has been following nuclear fusion since 1973 and his site provides a forum for aspiring fusion researchers . Such forums allow Suppes to exchange ideas and suggestions with hundreds of other fusion researchers . "  I really started from scratch , " Suppes says of his fusion reactor . "  I was a web developer . I 've always been interested in this . It 's exciting . I 've learned so much and mastered so many skills that I did n't know about before . " Suppes ' fusion experiment is on a small scale and gives off energy that is hard to detect , so he uses a bubble detector . The bubble detector is filled with gel and when fusion occurs , a leftover neutron will travel through the gel , creating a bubble . Although cosmic rays can naturally create bubbles as well , Suppes believes he achieved fusion on June 6 when he recorded an emergence of four bubbles in two hours and 40 minutes in a breakthrough he called statistically significant . Suppes has extensively detailed his endeavors on his blog and provides pictures and data to back up his claims . He has been blogging and building the reactor since October 2008 and has spent around $ 37,000 of his own money on the project . Schatzkin added Suppes to his site 's Neutron Club -- a list of 38 worldwide "  amateur fusioneers " -- on June 8 . Milora told CNN he can not confirm Suppes ' claim without more information , but he said it is definitely possible that Suppes succeeded in achieving fusion . "  I would not at all worry about anything being harmful to the public , " Milora says , adding that the scale of Suppes ' experiment is far smaller than those that create health hazards . Suppes goal now is to build "  the world 's first superconducting Bussard Reactor . Ultimately break-even fusion , " Suppes says . Such a project , however , will require investors and large-scale fundraising . Milora says that while Suppes ' experiments may be amateur because they are smaller and less complex , they can be more efficient than the massive projects funded by national governments . "  Someone could come up a with a little twist that improves what we do , a little breakthrough , " Milora says . "  But it still has to obey the law of physics , there is no magic . " According to Milora , the drawback to nuclear fusion now is that reactors capable of creating large enough amounts of energy cost billions of dollars and have yet to require less energy than they produce , or , "  net energy . " If fusion reactors could produce net energy , "  it would have a profound impact , because there are thousands of years of fuel available , " he says .	Mark Suppes inspired by American physicist to explore nuclear energy Says he achieved nuclear fusion on June 6 Suppes has spent $ 37,000 building reactor since October 2008
CNN  -- Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy are weathering changes at "  The View " changes with a smile . The two daytime TV hosts are among those leaving ABC 's long-running talk show , which is in the midst of some "  abrupt " changes . Yet on Thursday , Shepherd and McCarthy showed their solidarity on Instagram . "  Mr @DonnieWahlberg always takes care of his ladies @jennyannmccarthy & me ! " Shepherd captioned a photo of herself with McCarthy and McCarthy 's fiancÃ © , Donnie Wahlberg , all three of them wearing grins . "  To be continued , " she remarked . Sources told CNN that producers and people close to Shepherd have been aware for months that she was ready to leave "  The View . " The sources added that Shepherd opted to keep the news quiet , not wanting to overshadow or disrupt Barbara Walters ' departure in May . "  The number 7 is God 's number of completion & after 7 seasons my time at The View is now complete ! ... Incredibly grateful to my second mom @BarbaraJWalters for pushing me beyond my comfort zone - it 's been amazing doing it scared ! " Shepherd tweeted Thursday . "  Life should be lived . Run towards the things that scare you . Choose joy and trust God - everything else will work out as it should . " "  The View " has been in a state of flux for the past year , with longtime personalities Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck taping their final shows in mid-2013 . Jenny McCarthy was added to the "  View " panel last July , but it appears that she , too , is leaving . "  If Sherri goes ... I go too . #sisters , " McCarthy tweeted Thursday . "  My View will be changing too . As will with many hard working folks . Thanks to everyone at the show for your dedication and an amazing year . " While it 's unclear what "  The View " has in store , the network told CNN in a statement that the series "  will be moving in an exciting new direction next season and ABC has made decisions to evolve the show creatively . " CNN 's Nischelle Turner and Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy are standing together The two former "  View " hosts are still smiling in the midst of changes "  The View " has been in flux for the past year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The commander in chief 's priority is preventing another terrorist attack in the United States , President Bush told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Tuesday . President Bush and first lady Laura Bush sit down with CNN 's Larry King Live on Tuesday . "  The most important job I have had -- and the most important job the next president is going to have -- is to protect the American people from another attack , " Bush said . Accompanied by first lady Laura Bush and engaging in a wide-ranging conversation with King , Bush also said that his administration has been involved in stopping specific threats against the United States since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  We 've learned a lot of information about al Qaeda that we did n't know before , " Bush said of intelligence activities during his tenure as president . "  We 've stopped some specific threats -- we 're decimating -LSB- al Qaeda 's -RSB- leadership . " He did not offer specifics , but he did offer a self-assessment of his leadership in national security post-9 / 11 . Watch Bush talk about the aftermath of 9/11 " "  I told the American people I would n't tire and I would n't falter , and I have n't , " the outgoing president said . Bush brushed off the low opinion-ratings and declining polls that have marked his waning presidency by saying , "  Look , opinion polls are nothing but a shot of yesterday 's news . " "  Opinion polls are n't going to be high when the economy is in the tank , " he added . "  People are n't happy with the economy . Neither am I . But you ca n't make decisions based on popularity polls . " Bush took that train of thought on to another topic , Iraq . "  If the military thinks you 're making decisions based on the Gallup poll , they 're not going to follow a commander in chief , " he said . Asked about inaccurate intelligence reports on alleged weapons of mass destruction that led up to the war in Iraq , Bush refused to criticize the CIA , saying only that he was "  disappointed . " On Iraq , he maintained that actions taken by his administration were correct . "  I do n't think Iraq was wrong , " Bush said in response to a question from King . "  What I was worried about ,  was  Iraq going to fail -- not Iraq was wrong , " he said . "  And the surge has worked and a young democracy in the heart of the Middle East has taken hold . There 's more work to be done . But al Qaeda has been denied the base in which they wanted to operate. : When discussing the nation 's economic slump , Bush cautioned his successor "  not to become an economic forecaster once he gets to be president . " King and Bush discussed President-elect Barack Obama 's predictions for a bad year ahead for the U.S. economy and King asked Bush , "  That 's not a good idea to say ? " "  I do n't think so . I think he can say it 's going to be a tough period , but to predict what the economy is going to do ... it is going to be bad . How bad ? How long ? " Bush responded . "  What he ought to be saying -- and I know he feels this way -- is he 's going to take the steps he thinks are necessary to get us back on the road to recovery and we will recover . " Bush said he is looking forward to the inaugurationTuesday , describing it as "  a historic moment for the country . " Asked by King if he liked Obama , Bush replied , "  I do . I do like him . You 'd like him , too . " But Laura Bush said she took some of Obama 's critiques of her husband personally . "  Were you angry at it ? " King asked . "  Yes , sort of . George did n't really even know about it because he did n't really watch it that much , " Laura Bush said , laughing . Watch Laura Bush express her disapproval " "  So what 's new ? " Bush piped in . "  When you make big decisions and tough calls , you 're going to get criticized . " "  During the course of this presidency , I 've been disappointed at times by the silly name-calling that goes on in Washington -- it 's really not necessary , " Bush said . "  I 've done my best , though , to make sure I did n't bring the presidency down to that level . " On other topics : • Bush said he favors closing the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , but only "  under the right circumstances . "  The problem is , you 've got a bunch of cold-blooded killers down there that if they ever get out they 're going to come and kill Americans , and I 'd hate to be the person that made that decision . " • Asked by King , "  Are we ever going to find  Osama  bin Laden , Bush replied , "  Yes , of course , absolutely . We 've got a lot of people out there looking for him , a lot of assets . You ca n't run forever . • As to whether the United States had ever come close to capturing bin Laden , Bush said , "  I do n't know -- I ca n't answer that . I really do n't know . I 'm not trying to hide anything . "	"  Most important job ... is to protect the American people , " Bush tells CNN 's Larry King Bush agrees rocky times are ahead , but cautions Obama against making predictions Outgoing president says Obama should talk more about getting on "  road to recovery "
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton will take time out from his preparations for the Malaysia Grand Prix to see his disabled half-brother follow in his footsteps and compete on the racing circuit for the first time . The 2008 Formula One world champion will make the 10,500 km trip from Kuala Lumpur to Britain to see Nicolas , who has cerebral palsy , make his racing debut at the Renault Clio Cup at Brands Hatch on April 2 . The 19-year-old son of Anthony Hamilton and his second wife Linda has suffered from the condition all his life and is unable to stand or walk for long periods of time , however , he is able to race alongside his able-bodied competitors courtesy of a specially modified car . McLaren driver Hamilton has said in the past his younger sibling is his biggest inspiration and confirmed to reporters on Tuesday that he would be trackside to support Nicolas in his first race . "  I am the closest person to him but even I can not comprehend what it must have been like to have the difficulties he has had , " the Briton told reporters . "  I 'm so proud of him . I 'll just head back to see his qualifying and race and then pop back out . It 's cool . I will get to watch lots of movies on the plane . " After attending the race the 26-year-old , who finished second behind reigning drivers ' champion Sebastian Vettel in the first grand prix of the season in Australia last weekend , will then make the return journey to the far East ahead of the Sepang-event on April 8 . Meanwhile , the elder Hamilton brother has also confirmed he is set to appear alongside Holywood stars Owen Wilson , Michael Caine and Jason Isaacs in the sequel to the successful animated film Cars . "  Big news , " he wrote on his official Twitter page on Monday . "  I 'm going to be in Disney Pixar 's Cars 2 . This is wicked . " Hamilton is the latest in a line of big-name racing champions who have made cameos in the Cars franchise , including retired American driver Mario Andretti and seven-time German F1 world champion Michael Schumacher .	Lewis Hamilton will fly back to Britain to watch his brother compete for the first time Nicolas , who has cerebral palsy , set to take part in Renault Clio Cup on April 2 2008 F1 champion is in Malaysia preparing for the second grand prix of the season British driver has described his disabled brother is his biggest inspiration
Paris  CNN  -- Flamboyant fashion designer John Galliano went on trial Wednesday , accused of making anti-Semitic comments against at least three people in a Paris cafe . Galliano , who was fired by fashion giant Christian Dior in March after video surfaced showing him praising Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler , testified Wednesday that drugs were to blame . Judge Anne-Marie Sauteraud read out a list of the abuse Galliano is accused of hurling at Geraldine Bloch and Philippe Virgitti , including obscenities mixed with remarks about their ethnic backgrounds . "  He said ` dirty whore ' at least a thousand times , " the judge said . Galliano said on the witness stand that he had no memory of making the comments . Asked to explain his "  lack of memory , " he said : "  I have an addiction . I am currently undergoing treatment . " Galliano 's attorney said before the trial began the designer "  was a sick person , who was suffering from addiction and this is something we are demonstrating through medical evidence , expert reports . " "  We must not judge a man who for 30 years has been dedicated to diversity , who has been a loving person for all races , cultures and religions ... based on 40 minutes where he was sick through alcohol and medication , " Aurelien Hamelle said . Galliano testified that he suffered from an increasing workload and no time to mourn after the 2007 death of his alter ego at Dior , designer Steven Robinson . "  With his death , I found I had no protection , " Galliano said . His body became dependent on drugs , he said . "  I was taking sleeping pills during the day , " he testified . "  I 've only just discovered since rehab what a lethal mix I was taking . " Bloch testified Wednesday that she encountered Galliano on a crowded cafe terrace , which led to an angry exchange . "  I do n't remember his exact wording ; there were different phrases , " Bloch told the court . "  It 's true that I was angry . I insulted him , too . " Virgitti testified the confrontation , which he called "  just an argument in a bar , " began when Galliano sat down next to his party at the cafe . "  He started speaking to us very quickly after arriving , " Virgitti said . "  He told Geraldine to speak less as she was disturbing him . We did n't know what to do . The situation got worse . He started touching her hair , saying she had no hair . I told him , ` Do n't touch her . ' " He acknowledged during his testimony that while Galliano "  said things he should n't have , " the incident "  has been so overly played out in the media . " Galliano faces a six-month jail term and a fine of 22,500 euros  $ 32,410  if he is convicted , according to prosecutors . A verdict in the case did not come Wednesday . Galliano will be judged in one trial over two separate incidents , one in October and one in February . After the second incident , Galliano was taken to a police station where a test revealed he had a high level of alcohol in his blood , authorities said at the time . He was later released . The video is from yet another incident . He is not being tried for the incident because the couple involved chose not to press charges . "  I love Hitler , " Galliano said in a video obtained by Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  Your mother , your forefathers would be f -- ing gassed and f -- ing dead . " Christian Dior condemned his "  deeply offensive statements and conduct . " French law prohibits the incitement of racial discrimination , hatred or violence based on a person 's origin or their membership -- or nonmembership -- in an ethic , national , racial or religious group . Galliano apologized after the video was released . "  I only have myself to blame and I know that I must face up to my own failures and that I must work hard to gain people 's understanding and compassion , " Galliano said in a statement . "  Anti-Semitism and racism have no part in our society . " Galliano has kept a low profile since his firing , but Vanessa Friedman , fashion editor of the Financial Times newspaper , said that given time , he could return to the industry . His career is over in its present form , she said . But he could return to Britain , where there is "  residual love for him , " lay low and make a comeback in a few years , she said . "  People love a redemption story , " Friedman said . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne , Catherine Clifford and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	John Galliano testifies he was taking "  a lethal mix " of sleeping pills It was " ` just an argument in a bar , " one alleged victim says Galliano says he ca n't recall making abusive comments Galliano faces six months in jail and a fine of 22,500 euros if convicted
Moscow  CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin awarded medals Monday to Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov and to Andrei Lugovoi , the suspect in the murder of former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko , among more than 30 other honorees . Kadyrov was given the Order of Merit . The decree signed by Putin states : "  For work achievements , active social activities and many years of diligent work the Order of Merit is awarded to Ramzan Kadyrov , the President of the Chechen Republic . " Lugovoi , the suspect in the poisoning death of former Russian security agent Alexander Litvinenko , was given a second-class medal of the Order of Merit for the Motherland , according to Putin 's decree . Sergey Kislyak , a diplomat who 's been serving as Russia 's ambassador to the United States since 2008 , was also among the honorees . He was cited as an "  Honored employee of a diplomatic service . " Lugovoi is an MP in Russia 's lower house of parliament for the nationalist and pro-Kremlin Liberal Democratic Party . He is deputy chairman of the lower house 's security and anti-corruption committee . He also has hosted a show called "  Traitors " on Russian TV and runs a restaurant in Moscow . Kadyrov has spoken out about the assassination of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov , defending Zaur Dadayev , one of the Chechens charged in the shooting . "  Zaur Dadayev was a Russian Interior Ministry officer who served with distinction , " Kadyrov said on his Instagram account . Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov said it was a coincidence that the arrest of suspects in Nemtsov 's killing happened around the same time as the award to the Chechen President . In an interview with Russian business outlet RBC , he stressed that the decree on awards was filed several months ago .	Russian President honors more than 30 people , including Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov Also honored : Andrei Lugovoi , charged by the UK with London murder of former Russian security agent Russian ambassador to the U.S. is cited as "  honored employee of a diplomatic service "
CNN  -- President Obama 's Ambien finally wore off , and thus he began the second presidential debate with Mitt Romney . Obama 's performance Tuesday night was stellar  but not perfect  because of two techniques that I push to my debate teams ad nauseam . The first is the primacy effect , and the second is using your opponent 's language against him . If you want to win a debate , you 've got to master these techniques . The primacy effect is the idea that the first things a speaker says are more persuasive than those that follow . It holds true in conversations , in 90-minute debates , and even over a series of speeches or debates . Obama came out strong . He lacked passion in the previous debate , but when answering the first question from the audience Tuesday night , Obama brought the heat . Early on he said Romney did n't have a five-point economic plan , but "  a one-point plan " -- that "  folks at the top play by a different set of rules . " Right away we knew this was a different Obama . Yeah , I know , everyone 's probably talking about that comment because it 's a good sound bite . But for me , it 's the primacy effect taking off . I teach my debaters that you 've got to make your best arguments early in the speech . Otherwise you might not have the judge 's full attention when you get to your best arguments , thereby lessening the weight of your position . Opinion roundup : Obama bounces back , dominates debate I guarantee you this one answer -- the "  one-point plan " -- will be talked about more than any other  aside from that silly "  binders full of women " distraction  , partially because the president was memorable here , but mostly because of the primacy effect . The second debating concept I preach is the importance of language choices . If a team I coached ever concluded a debate without using their opponents ' language against them , I 'd want to make them run laps .  OK , that 's a terrible idea -- picture in your mind a debate team running laps . Obama used Romney 's language against him time and time again , and it was effective . Here are some examples of Obama quoting Romney . "  This plant kills "  from a Romney quote illustrating his flip-flop on coal plants  ; Romney 's assertion that promoting a lower tax rate for the most wealthy Americans "  grows the economy ; " "  I 'll get back to you on that , " his spokesman 's initial response on Romney 's stance on the Lilly Ledbetter bill , which makes it easier for women who have been discriminated against over equal pay to sue employers . Debaters ca n't easily get out of arguments when you quote their own words . It 's a timeless , winning strategy . Opinion : How Obama aced comeback Moving further forward in the debate , Romney used the same technique responding to the sixth question , when asked what the president had done or accomplished to earn our vote . Unemployment , Medicare , Social Security and immigration were all subtopics that Romney used when answering this particular question . And he began each of these issues with the phrase "  He said ... " when referring to Obama . He followed this by reminding the audience of Obama 's perceived shortcomings on these issues . It was Romney 's best moment of the debate . Unfortunately , it came almost an hour into it . In fact , it took Romney almost an hour until he had a clearly favorable exchange . That 's too long . Because of the primacy effect , undecided voters wo n't likely remember the stuff in the middle of the debate as much as the points at the beginning . It 's good for Romney that this was n't the first debate , because Obama 's performance was much stronger Tuesday night . The primacy effect over these two debates might have just saved Romney . I expect the president to get a bump in the polls from this debate , but it could have been worse for Romney . Think about it : If we simply reversed the order of the debates , the race for president would look very different right now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Obama revived himself and gave a stellar  but not perfect  debate performance He says Obama used "  primacy effect " technique to be most persuasive first thing in debate He says Obama also used Romney 's own words against him , a timeless , winning strategy Graham : Romney used that technique too , but late in debate ; lost valuable time in waiting
CNN  -- A 93-year-old World War II medic who froze to death last month in his Bay City , Michigan , home left his entire estate to a local hospital , an estate attorney told CNN Wednesday . Martin Schur poses with his wife , Marian , in 1976 . Local and state officials agree that Schur 's death was avoidable . The attorney would not disclose the exact amount left behind by Martin Schur . But his nephew said his uncle indicated to family members two years ago that he had saved up more than a half-million dollars over the years . Schur and his wife , Marian , who died more than a year ago , did not have any children . "  I just know at one time he said he had over $ 600,000 in savings , " said William Walworth . "  That 's what he told me and my brother , and he was proud that he was able to save and build his estate up to that . " Cathy Reder , an attorney negotiating on behalf of Bay Regional Medical Center and the Schur family , said she was filing paperwork in probate court Wednesday for the court to determine the validity of the will . A hearing has been set for March 17 . Reder would not specify the amount left to the hospital , other than to say it 's more than $ 1 . "  The will leaves everything to Bay Medical Center , " she said . The hospital had no immediate comment . Walworth said his uncle was a frugal man who had n't eaten at a restaurant for over 30 years . "  He was very tight , and he was very frugal . But he did manage to save a lot of money . " He said it 's possible his uncle 's estate could be less than $ 600,000 , but he believes it 's still "  sizable . " "  Knowing my uncle , that 's him , " Walworth said . "  He loved his community . He loved Bay City , Michigan . " He added , "  Hopefully his death is not in vain and we can learn from this , and he 's still able to save lives . ... He was a very unique , special person in my life . I 'm proud of what he was able to do in his life . " He said he hopes his uncle 's message will spur others to "  look out for their neighbor . " The size of the estate -- if it 's as large as the nephew believes -- adds another tragic twist to Schur 's death . The power company limited his electricity because he owed about $ 1,000 . Watch neighbor say the death is "  unforgivable " " Schur 's death last month shocked Bay City , a town of about 37,000 on Lake Huron 's Saginaw Bay . The World War II veteran 's frozen body was found in his home January 17 , just four days after a device that regulates how much power he uses -- installed because of failure to pay -- shut off his power . A medical examiner said the temperature was 32 degrees in the house when Schur 's body was found . The medical examiner told The Bay City Times that Schur died a "  slow , painful death . " "  It 's not easy to die from hypothermia without first realizing your fingers and toes feel like they 're burning , " Dr. Kanu Virani told the paper . The Michigan State Police launched an investigation into Schur 's death for possible criminal violations . "  We have to do everything we can to make sure this does n't happen again , whether it 's Bay City or in any one of the cold weather states , " Bay City Mayor Charles Brunner said last week . The death has prompted a review of Bay City Electric Light & Power 's rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power . It also resulted in Bay City residents protesting Monday to the city about its handling of the whole situation . A neighbor who lives down the street called Schur 's death "  unforgivable . " "  This ca n't be allowed to happen in this country , " said Jerome Anderson . Walworth said he believes his uncle 's death was "  preventable . " "  It should never have happened . It 's a tragic loss , " he said . "  I had a lot of fond memories of my uncle , and that 's the type of memory I do n't want to have : Him freezing to death . " Utility officials said Schur owed about $ 1,000 resulting in a "  limiter " being put on his home . Limiters are devices that cut power as a warning for people who have n't paid their bills . Limiters can be reset to restore a lesser degree of power until a bill payment is worked out . In Schur 's case , the limiter was never reset , and it 's unclear whether he knew how to do that . Schur had been living alone since his wife died , Walworth said . Unlike private utilities regulated by the state , Bay City runs and oversees its own utilities and therefore does n't fall under Michigan 's public service commission . By law , Michigan requires private companies to prohibit cutting off service to senior citizens between November and April . Seniors must register for the program . The city has begun questioning whether its rules and procedures for limiting or cutting off power need a major overhaul . The utility has stopped its practice of cutting power to customers who do n't pay their bills . The utility also has removed all "  limiters " on homes . Walworth said someone should have looked at Schur 's payment history and made direct contact to see whether something was wrong . He 's hoping the nation will learn from his uncle 's death . "  Hopefully , some good can come out of this . I 'm still an optimist . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Martin Schur , 93 , froze to death in his home last month ; leaves estate to hospital Attorney wo n't disclose amount ; relative says it 's likely in excess of $ 500,000 "  Hopefully his death is not in vain and we can learn from this , " nephew says The death has prompted a state investigation into the manner in which he died
CNN  -- If Manchester United rallies to win the English Premier League , it might look back at Thursday 's Boxing Day clash at Hull as a turning point . United trailed 2-0 within 13 minutes against a side that had lost only one home game in the league all season but Wayne Rooney inspired a comeback and the Red Devils prevailed 3-2 for a fifth straight victory in all competitions . Rooney set up Chris Smalling , scored a stunner to make it 2-2 in the first half and was on hand to pressure James Chester as the defender headed the own goal winner in the second half . Chester -- briefly a United player -- had opened the scoring and was thwarted in injury time by keeper David De Gea as Hull pushed forward in the dying stages . United finished the game with 10 men after Antonio Valencia 's late red . Defending champion United , once 13 points off the pace in the Premier League , moved to within five of leader Liverpool ahead of Thursday 's later kickoffs . "  We had some poor results at the start of the season and we 're showing some real quality in the last few weeks , " Rooney told Sky Sports . "  We 're having a go . We 're fighting for each other , we 're working hard and we 're ready for the challenge . "  Hopefully we can surprise a few people . " Chester took advantage of slack marking in the United box on a corner to lash a shot into the roof of the net in the fourth minute and United defender Jonny Evans failed to clear in the 13th , allowing David Meyler to double the lead on a low effort that deflected off the Northern Irishman . "  It was my fault for the first one , " said Rooney . But Rooney 's perfect delivery teed up Smalling in the 19th minute and the England striker scored his 150th Premier League goal for Manchester United with a volley in the 26th minute . Alex Bruce -- the son of Hull manager and former United defender Steve Bruce -- struck the crossbar as United 's defense wobbled again in the 63rd minute before Chester 's gaffe from Ashley Young 's dangerous cross in the 66th . Hull had more than a few opportunities to equalize in the final 10 minutes . Danny Graham 's tame header went straight to De Gea , the Spaniard 's poor punch led to panic and following Valencia 's second yellow for kicking the ball away in the 90th minute , De Gea stopped Chester with his legs .	Manchester United beats Hull 3-2 for a fifth straight win in all competitions United trailed 2-0 within 13 minutes before Wayne Rooney sparks a comeback Rooney sets up one goal , scores another and played a part in United 's winner It was only the second home defeat of the season for Steve Bruce 's Hull
CNN  -- When passengers boarded Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 last week , they could n't have known they were about to fly over a battlefield . But hours later , at 33,000 feet above eastern Ukraine , a missile ended the lives of 298 innocent civilians . That flight was n't the only one in the corridor that day nor was it the lone one to fly above a conflict area . After MH17 was shot down the Federal Aviation Administration told U.S. airlines they could no longer fly in that region . And after a rocket launched from Gaza landed within a mile of Ben Gurion airport in Tel Aviv , the agency banned flights from the United States to Israel for 24 hours . In other areas , including ones where there is violence on the ground , the FAA restricts what U.S. planes can do . Over Iraq , U.S.-based airlines can fly as long as their planes are above 20,000 feet . That is out of range of most -- but as MH17 proved , not all -- missiles . There are warnings in effect for eight other areas , including Syria and Afghanistan . The threats include missiles and small arms fire , but airlines can fly there if they want . The decision for the airlines comes down to this : Do they just adhere to government regulations , which in effect establish minimum requirements , or do they use more caution ? "  Government regulations are a floor . The government says , ` You ca n't be in the business unless you do this , ' " CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation Mary Schiavo said on "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  You can go above it . Your airline can be safer , you can be more secure . " On the ground in Iraq , the well-funded terrorist group ISIS is fighting government troops , while above there is a busy highway in the sky with hundreds of flights . Every day Delta Flight 7 travels from Dubai to Atlanta and soars over Iraq . There are other flights with U.S. ties that travel over fighting . United Flight 82 each day goes over Afghanistan as it travels from Newark , New Jersey , to Delhi , India . It would be difficult to reroute these flights without increasing the time in the air by hours . "  Airlines have always had to make decisions about whether particular cities are safe to operate to , " said Tony Tyler , the chief executive officer of the International Air Transport Association . MH17 's route from Amsterdam in the Netherlands to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , would have been more than 6,000 miles . There were more than 800 flights that flew that corridor in the week before the shoot down . "  We followed that flight path accordingly , " said Hugh Dunlavey , commercial director for Malaysia Airlines said . "  And it was accepted by the European air traffic control . And like many other airlines that had been flying that route for many , many weeks and with hundreds of airlines passing that route every day , we believed it was safe to do so . " After MH17 was shot down in eastern Ukraine , that region joined Crimea , north Korea , northern Ethiopia , Libya and Somalia as off limits to U.S. aircraft . Pilots have some input into the route . "  We have a collaborative decision process with the dispatcher , " said 777 pilot Les Abend , a CNN aviation analyst . "  Myself as the pilot in command as captain of the plane and the dispatcher  who plans the flight  . The dispatcher has a lot of the information ; I ca n't get all of it . We get it in a NOTAM -- Notice to Airman  from the FAA  . So this information , whether it be intelligence information about air space , information about weather , it 's all part of that process . If there 's something that we see that says , ` Hey , I do n't like this , ' we make a phone call . Most of the time we get this electronically . " In the case of MH17 , the minimum altitude requirement  set by Ukrainian authorities  was 32,000 feet . It was supposed to be safe . "  Threat information is only as good as the intelligence supplied by air traffic control and its cooperating governments , " Abend says in an editorial on why Malaysia Airlines is not at fault for flying where Flight 17 was traveling . Opinion : Do n't blame Malaysia Airlines	Planes also fly over Iraq , Afghanistan and other countries where bullets fly The FAA does tell U.S. carriers not to travel over some areas , issues warnings for others CNN aviation analyst says airlines can go above and beyond government regulations Commercial pilot says captains work with dispatchers , can request adjusted route
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From HMS Titanic to the Black Pearl , Hollywood has long felt the lure of the open sea , but who are the seafaring heroes that have plotted a course into our imaginations ? Kevin Costner as half-man half-fish Mariner , who bungee jumps off an oil tanker to save humanity in 1995 sci-fi "  Waterworld " From "  Pirates of the Caribbean 's " Captain Jack Sparrow to "  Mutiny on the Bounty " hero Christian Fletcher played by a dashing Marlon Brando , here are the top 10 mariners in the movies . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . 10 . ` The Riddle of The Sands '  Tony Maylam , 1979  Movie mariner : Arthur Davies Played by : Simon MacCorkindale In this film adaptation of a 1903 adventure novel , two young men on a yachting holiday sail their way to saving a nation . Sensing something sinister after being watched by a German navy patrol boat , Davies and his pal stumble upon a dastardly plan to invade England in a flotilla of specially designed barges . By masterfully navigating his small boat through a series of complicated sand banks they outwit the cream of the German Navy to foil the plan . 9 . ` Captain Jack '  Robert Young , 1999  Movie mariner : Jack Lammiman Played by : Bob Hoskins Despite his boat being declared unseaworthy , rebellious sailing novice Lammiman determinedly sets sail from Whitby , England on course for the Arctic Circle with a rag tag crew including a vicar and a female pensioner . In his quest to honor his hero Captain William Scorseby he eludes an international search by marine authorities and makes it to the Arctic Ocean where he manages plants an honorary plaque . 8 . ` Mutiny on the Bounty '  Lewis Milestone , 1962  Movie mariner : Fletcher Christian Played by : Marlon Brando One of many films based on the novel based on the true story of the munity on board HMS Bounty . When the Bounty sets sail from Portsmouth in 1787 , pernicious Captain Bligh will sacrifice anything to get the ship to its destination as quickly as possible -- even the crew . Enter our hero First Lieutenant Fletcher Christian  Marlon Brando  , who leads a mutiny , setting the captain out to sea in a longboat . Picking up a host of beautiful women from Tahiti , he and his men hide from the Royal Navy -- who will hang him for his crime -- on remote Pitcairn Island . It end in tragedy when the crew , fearing he will return to England to face Captain Bligh in court , set fire to the Bounty , and Christian dies trying to save it . 7 . ` Dead Calm '  Philip Noyce , 1989  Movie mariner : Hughie Warriner Played by : Billy Zane A yachting holiday turns into a nightmare when an Australian couple rescue Hughie Warriner  Billy Zane  , who claims his shipmates have died of food poisoning . Only they have n't , he 's murdered them , and Rae  Nicole Kidman  is his next target . His first attempt at strangling her is foiled when Rae knocks him out with a spear gun , and sets him out to sea in a rescue raft . But it is n't enough to stop him returning for another go . Despite being clandestinely drugged with sleeping pills , he manages to navigate the raft back to the yacht to try again , where Rae 's husband wisely shoots him with a flare gun . 6 . ` Captain Horatio Hornblower '  Raoul Walsh , 1951  Movie mariner : Horatio Hornblower Played by : Gregory Peck In this 1951 drama based on three of the eleven Horatio Hornblower novels written by C.S. Forester , there is very little the fictitious sea captain can not do . Commandeering a 50-gun frigate in a surprise night attack : no problem . Taking on and sinking four French ships : job done . Overpowering a Dutch crew to free a boatful of British prisoners of war : just say the word . Sailing into the sunset with the lovely Lady Barbara Wellesley  Virgina Mayo  : all in a day 's work . 5 . ` Waterworld '  Kevin Reynolds , 1995  Movie mariner : Mariner Played by : Kevin Costner In a post-apocalyptic world where the ice caps have melted and the land is under thousands of feet of water , a mutant man with gills known only as Mariner  Kevin Costner  , saves us all , by bungee jumping off the side of a ship to rescue a girl with a map showing the way to dry land tattooed on her back . They live happily on the top of Mount Everest until the elusive Mariner is drawn back to the only life he has ever known : the water . Climate change skeptics , take note . 4 . ` Erik the Viking '  Terry Jones , 1989  Movie mariner : Erik Played by : Tim Robbins In this Monty Pythonesque take on Norse mythology , brave Erik the Viking  Tim Robbins  charts new seafaring territory by sailing his warship over the edge of Earth and into Outer Space , where he politely petitions the wolf who swallowed the sun to spit it out again . Unique in sailing terms , Erik is not overly dependent on favorable wind conditions , preferring to navigate his way from one place to another by blowing on a magic horn . 3 . ` Wind '  Carroll Ballard , 1992  Movie mariner : Will Parker Played by : Matthew Modine Real America 's Cup sailing boats provide most of the set for this 1992 movie . The talented Will Parker  Matthew Modine  tames the wind , the waves and the forces of misogyny in the old boys club that is the world of elite sailing , and walks off with the America 's Cup . And , of course , the girl . 2 . ` Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World '  Peter Weir , 2003  Movie mariner : Jack Aubrey Played by : Russell Crowe The hero of twenty Patrick O ' Brian novels , Admiral Sir John Aubrey  Russell Crowe  pursues a superior French ship under orders to "  burn , sink or take her as a prize . " But it 's not straightforward , and he almost loses everything trying to round Cape Horn . 1 . ` Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl '  Gore Verbinski , 2003  Movie mariner : Captain Jack Sparrow Played by : Johnny Depp The indefatigable Captain Jack Sparrow  Johnny Depp  , Pirate Lord of the Caribbean , and star of three Pirates of the Caribbean movies , must be Hollywood 's finest seafarer . Scourge of the Royal Navy , hero to his motley band of Pirates , and regular rescuer of damsels in distress . Oh , and his dad was in the Rolling Stones .	Plucky Brit 's sailing skills save the UK from invasion in "  The Riddle of The Sands " A dashing Marlon Brando leads yet another "  Mutiny on the Bounty " "  Erik the Viking " asks a wolf to spit out the sun and sails using a magical horn Captain Jack Sparrow saves Keira Knightley in "  Pirates of the Caribbean "
CNN  -- The family of a woman whose naked and bound body was found hanging in a Southern California mansion two years ago has filed a federal lawsuit accusing three people of plotting her death . The San Diego County medical examiner ruled that Rebecca Zahau committed suicide , but a lawsuit filed Friday by her mother and sister contends she was the victim of a murder plot devised by her millionaire boyfriend 's brother , ex-wife and the ex-wife 's twin sister . Zahau 's boyfriend , Jonah Shacknai , owned the Coronado , California , vacation home where she was found dead on July 13 , 2011 . His 6-year-old son , Max , suffered a fall in the same home two days earlier and died in a hospital on July 16 , 2011 . The lawsuit filed by the dead woman 's mother , Pari Zahau , and sister , Mary Zahau-Loehner , does not detail the alleged plot , but it contends each defendant "  participated in some manner in the planning , implementation , execution and subsequent concealment of the scheme to murder Rebecca Zahau . " The defendants named are Adam Shacknai of Memphis , Tennessee ; Dina Shacknai of Phoenix , Arizona ; and Nina Romano from Stockton , California . Dina Shacknai is the mother of Max , the boy who died from the fall . "  Defendants intentionally , willfully , wantonly and maliciously threatened to cause immediate physical harm to Rebecca by threatening to stalk , attack , choke , gag , bound , and hang her at the premises , " the complaint said . Efforts by CNN to reach the defendants or their lawyers for comment were unsuccessful Sunday . After Zahau 's death was ruled a suicide and San Diego County officials refused to pursue criminal charges , Jonah Shacknai asked the California attorney general 's office to investigate his son 's fatal fall and his girlfriend 's hanging . He said he hoped a state inquiry would bring a "  dignified resolution for everyone who has been touched by the horrible events of this summer . " The attorney general cited the "  state 's scarce resources " in a letter declining to investigate , but Zahau 's family hired their own investigators to challenge the findings that she committed suicide . A renowned forensic pathologist hired by the family said four bruises found on the top of her head indicate trauma not readily explained by the hanging . He said in September 2011 that it was just one of several reasons he would n't have ruled the death a suicide . Authorities first went to the home , in the San Diego suburb of Coronado , on July 11 after getting a call from Zahau 's 13-year-old sister reporting that Max had fallen down the stairs and was not breathing , Coronado police Cmdr. Mike Lawton said . Zahau , her sister and the boy were the only ones in the residence at the time of the incident . Police arrived within two minutes , followed a minute later by firefighters who , after finding the boy unconscious on the floor , "  began lifesaving measures immediately , " Lawton said . But despite extensive medical treatment , Max Shacknai died five days later . The medical examiner ruled the boy 's death an accident . On July 13 , authorities got another 911 call from the home . This time , it was Adam Shacknai , Jonah Shacknai 's brother , reporting that he found Zahau hanging , San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore said . Adam Shacknai , who was staying in a guest house that morning , told investigators that he climbed onto a table and cut the body loose before investigators arrived , authorities said . Gore said investigators were comfortable with the brother 's account . Jonah Shacknai , a lawyer and the founder and CEO of Medicis Pharmaceutical Corp. , was at a children 's hospital or a Ronald McDonald House from the time when investigators believe the suicide happened to the time Zahau 's body was reported , San Diego sheriff 's Lt. Larry Nesbit said . The autopsy concluded that Zahau was "  alive when she went over the  second-floor  balcony " with a T-shirt wrapped around her neck , the medical examiner said . There was no evidence of a struggle or a sexual assault , or that she was rendered unconscious or incapacitated , adding that "  her feet were dirty , consistent with standing on the dirty balcony , " he said . Though investigators do n't know the order of events , they believe she removed her clothing , painted a message , cut a rope into sections , secured the long portion to a bed , bound her feet , placed the rope and the shirt around her neck , fashioned wrist bindings , secured her hands in the binding behind her back , moved to the balcony , leaned over the rail and fell , San Diego County sheriff 's Sgt. Dave Nemeth said . Nemeth said one person told investigators that in January , Zahau had "  lost weight , seemed stressed , was not sleeping well and was not exercising , which was abnormal for her . " Other interviewees indicated that "  Rebecca was distraught over Max 's injury , " Nemeth said . But Zahau family attorney Anne Bremner had previously said that one of Zahau 's sisters , who talked to her the night before her death , said Zahau "  was completely fine " and did n't feel guilty about Max Shacknai 's fall . "  My sister never had a psychiatric problem , never  had  been on psychiatric medication and never had attempted suicide , let alone ever talked about harming herself , " Mary Zahau said in an interview weeks after her sister 's death .	The San Diego County medical examiner ruled Rebecca Zahau 's death a suicide Zahau 's family did a private investigation after officials would n't press criminal charges Lawsuit accuses boyfriend 's brother , ex-wife and ex-wife 's twin of plotting her death Zahau died two days after her boyfriend 's son suffered a fatal fall in the same home
CNN  -- The mystery of Kim Jong Un 's whereabouts deepened Friday after the North Korean leader appeared to have missed a ceremony to pay tribute to his late father and grandfather on what is an important national anniversary . Kim 's name was absent from the list of attendees at the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun in Pyongyang on the 69th anniversary of the Workers ' Party of North Korea , issued by state news agency KCNA on Friday . The Workers ' Party , founded in 1945 , is North Korea 's political party and is considered one of the country 's most crucial institutions alongside the military . According to KCNA , flowers were presented at the shrine in Kim 's name , but the most senior official to attend was Hwang Pyong So , North Korea 's second most important leader , who recently attended the closing ceremony of the 17th Asian Games in South Korea . Kim has n't been seen in public since he reportedly attended a concert with his wife on September 3 . It 's his longest absence from official events since he made his first public appearance in 2010 , said NK News , a website devoted to analyzing North Korea . Analysts are puzzled and speculation is running rampant about why Kim has been out of the public eye . State media attempted to explain his absence by saying Kim was experiencing "  discomfort . " He had been seen hobbling earlier in the summer , prompting theories ranging from weight gain to gout . There have also been questions about the possible meaning behind his absence : Is he genuinely sick , or are there machinations within the North Korean power circle ? Is Kim Jong Un 's sister in charge ? North Korea as Rorschach test "  Whenever someone does n't show up in the public , we tend to speculate something of a power struggle , " said Han Park , author of "  North Korea Demystified . " Because not much is known about North Korea 's internal politics , observers scrutinize public functions and ceremonies to see who appears and who does not . "  We 're always operating on this incomplete info , " said Joshua Stanton , a North Korea observer who created the website One Free Korea , which is critical of the regime . Drawing conclusions about what 's happening in North Korea has been likened to a Rorschach test -- it 's a reflection of the views of whoever is drawing the conclusions , rather than an informed analysis based on facts . And the facts in the reclusive country are murky at best . "  People have a tendency to see the things they want to see , " Stanton said . "  We should default to skepticism . " Opinion : Why Kim is probably still in charge South Korean official : Kim probably near hospital South Korea 's defense minister told reporters in Seoul on Friday that he "  has reason to believe that Kim Jong Un is probably staying in one of his homes " near an exclusive hospital in North Korea 's capital , Pyongyang , with his wife and sister . The facility named by the official , Bongwha hospital , is known to be an exclusive facility catering to high-ranking members of North Korea 's ruling party . It was n't immediately clear why the defense minister said he thought Kim was staying near the hospital . U.S. officials downplay Kim 's absence Senior officials in U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration said Friday they believe there 's no indication that Kim has been sidelined or is in very bad health . While they acknowledge there is little information available , the officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said Kim is believed to have non-life-threatening medical problems , citing the limping seen this summer . "  He is overweight , smokes and drinks heavily and does n't do any exercise , " one senior U.S. official said . "  He ca n't be in good shape , but there is no indication of serious trouble in terms of health or stability . " With Kim out of sight , North Korean top brass visit South The sources downplayed Kim 's absence at Friday 's tribute and said there was nothing to substantiate speculation that other members of the regime had marginalized him . "  We do n't believe fundamentally there is anything afoot , " a second senior U.S. official said . "  There is nothing affecting our policy choices in any way . " The officials noted that previous North Korean leaders Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il disappeared for long stretches of time , only to re-emerge and cast aside rumors about their leadership . "  It 's a dictatorship , " the second U.S. official said "  But it gets them attention and makes the ultimate big reveal that much more newsworthy . " North Korea 's diplomacy efforts With its top leader missing in action , North Korea has extended its diplomatic efforts with the outside world . One of its officials said the regime was ready to restart the six-party nuclear talks , which include Russia , the United States , China , Japan and South Korea . It has also reached out to the European Union and South Korea . High-ranking Pyongyang officials visited South Korea on Saturday , but just days later , the two countries were exchanging fire at a disputed maritime demarcation line . North and South Korea exchange fire The mixed messages reflect Pyongyang 's "  state of constant and ever-shifting cost-benefit calculation to maximize its national self interests , " said Jasper Kim , founder of the Asia-Pacific Global Research Group . "  Every move North Korea makes is a negotiation attempt to see which states will accede and offer something of value in exchange for some level of stability . This has and always will be North Korea 's dominant negotiation strategy . " Longest absence Kim made only one official appearance in September . This has happened only once before , in September 2010 , and that was the month in which Kim made his first official public appearance alongside his father at Kumsusan Palace of the Sun , NK News said . Before this absence , his longest disappearance from public view as Supreme Leader was a 24-day period between June 7 and July 1 , 2012 . His second longest absence ever was for 29 days between July 28 and August 27 , 2011 -- while his father was still alive , NK News said . Kim 's sole public appearance in September was at a Moranbong Band concert at Pyongyang 's Mansudae Art Theatre , reported by state media on September 4 . He was accompanied by his wife , Ri Sol Ju , his sister Kim Yo Jong and several top officials including Hwang Pyong So . CNN 's Elise Labott , Paula Hancocks , KJ Kwon , Michael Martinez , Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell and journalist Jung-eun Kim contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. officials downplay Kim 's absence at Friday tribute Kim 's name is missing from a list of attendees at a shrine visit The North Korean leader was expected to attend the annual ceremony at his father 's shrine Kim has n't been seen in weeks ; he 'd been expected to attend Workers ' Party ceremonies
CNN  -- Criminal investigators from the Department of Justice and the Food and Drug Administration were at a Massachusetts pharmaceutical company on Tuesday with a search warrant , a company spokesman said . Federal officials say that more issues have been reported with drugs from the New England Compounding Center , or NECC , which has been linked to a deadly multistate outbreak of fungal meningitis . FDA spokeswoman Erica Jefferson confirmed that criminal investigators were on site , but declined to answer questions regarding a warrant . U.S. Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz similarly said that personnel from her office and law enforcement partners were investigating allegations concerning the company . She added that it was "  entirely premature " to suggest what the results of that probe may be . Fifteen people have died from the noncontagious meningitis associated with injections of a contaminated steroid produced by the NECC . As part of the ongoing investigation into the center , a patient with possible meningitis has been identified who received an injection of another NECC product , triamcinolone acetonide , the Food and Drug Administration said Monday . Also , a fungal infection from Aspergillus was reported in a transplant patient who received cardioplegic solution from NECC , the FDA said . Cardioplegic solution is used to induce paralysis of the heart during open-heart surgery . "  An investigation of this patient is ongoing ; and there may be other explanations for their Aspergillus infection , " the FDA said . The health care facility initially reported two transplant patients having infections from Aspergillus , the FDA said . The heart transplant patient received the cardioplegic solution in August , and the patient who received the triamcinolone injection was treated on September 19 -- both before NECC recalled its products , according to an official at the federal Centers for Disease Control , who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the subject . The NECC announced a recall of all its products October 6 . The FDA said "  the sterility of any injectable drugs ... produced by NECC  is  of significant concern , and out of an abundance of caution , patients who received these products should be alerted to the potential risk of infection . " The CDC reported Monday the number of meningitis cases increased from 205 to 214 , spread across 15 states . Two of the cases are a "  peripheral joint infection " that specifically affects a joint such as a knee , hip , shoulder or elbow , officials said . The cases have been linked to injections of a contaminated steroid , methylprednisolone acetate , produced by the NECC . Some 14,000 people may have received the injections , the CDC estimated last week . Meningitis outbreak : What are compounding pharmacies ? A Minnesota woman , Barbe Puro , filed a lawsuit Thursday -- which may be the first from the outbreak -- against tthe NECC . In it , she alleges she was injected in September with a tainted batch of steroids from the NECC . Meanwhile , members of Congress expanded an investigation into the outbreak . In a letter to the director of the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy , leaders of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce noted the FDA sent the NECC a warning letter in 2006 "  detailing significant violations witnessed " by investigators the previous year . Woman sues over outbreak Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick also accused the NECC last week of misleading regulators and operating outside its license by shipping large batches of drugs nationwide . Plus , the state 's pharmacy board mandated that all Massachusetts compounding pharmacies sign affidavits stating they are complying with state regulations requiring compounders to mix medications for specific patients . Meningitis is an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord . It is usually caused by an infection , frequently with bacteria or a virus , but it can also be caused by less common pathogens , such as fungi in this case , according to the CDC . Steroid injections common for back pain sufferers Fungal meningitis is very rare and , unlike viral and bacterial meningitis , is not contagious . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , said fungal infections are not usually mild . He said when a fungus invades small blood vessels , it can cause them to clot or bleed , which can lead to symptoms of small strokes . In addition to typical meningitis symptoms such as headache , fever , nausea and stiffness of the neck , people with fungal meningitis may also experience confusion , dizziness and discomfort from bright lights . Patients might just have one or two of these symptoms , the CDC says . CDC : Tests may not detect meningitis fungus CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	NEW : Justice , FDA investigators at facility tied to meningitis outbreak The outbreak has been linked to the Massachusetts compounding pharmacy The number of cases is now up to 214 with 15 deaths , according to the CDC
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The United States and South Korea began their annual joint military exercise Monday , kicking off an 11-day drill designed to ensure the countries ' alliance is "  fully prepared to respond to any potential provocations , " according to a statement from U.S. forces in South Korea . On Monday , South Korean president Lee Myung-bak ordered his military to "  thoroughly " prepare with the United States to counter threats from North Korea , the Yonhap news agency reported . The timing of the joint training comes during a time of increased military tensions . South Korea blamed North Korea for sinking a 1,200-ton warship in March , killing 46 sailors . North Korea denied it sunk the ship . North Korea said Sunday that it will "  deal a merciless counterblow to the U.S. imperialists " and to South Korean "  traitors , " in response to the U.S.-South Korea joint military exercise . "  The military counteraction of the DPRK -LSB- Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -RSB- will be the severest punishment no one has ever met in the world , " a spokesman for the General Staff of the Korean People 's Army said in a statement carried by North Korea 's official news agency . North Korea 's statement Sunday took direct aim at U.S. President Barack Obama . "  The Obama Administration would be well advised to cool its head heated with the moves to isolate and stifle the DPRK , " the spokesman for the General Staff of the Korean People 's Army said , "  and deeply ponder over what the DPRK meant when it clarified its resolute determination and solemn declaration to defend the country and the nation . " In response , Pentagon Spokesman Bryan Whitman said , "  These are annual exercises that reflect the U.S. commitment to the stability and security of the peninsula . " On Sunday , Yonhap reported the South Korean president proposed a plan to reunite his country with North Korea and suggested a tax to prepare for the costs expected if the two countries come together . "  Inter-Korean relations demand a new paradigm , " Lee said in a speech to mark the 65th anniversary of Korea 's independence from Japanese colonial rule , Yonhap reported . Lee said the two countries should form a "  peace community , " and stressed the importance of the denuclearization of North Korea , Yonhap reported . He added that inter-Korean exchanges are needed to help build North Korea 's economy , according to Yonhap . "  It is imperative that the two sides choose coexistence instead of confrontation , progress instead of stagnation . The two of us need to overcome the current state of division and proceed with the goal of peaceful reunification , " Lee said , according to Yonhap .	The countries are engaging in an 11-day military drill The exercise is meant to prepare for any "  potential provocations " South Korea : Prepare to counter threats from North Korea North Korea says it will deal a "  merciless counterblow " to the U.S. and South Korea
CNN  -- Debate all you want about a white guy from Minnesota using a fake Jamaican accent to capture the "  Get Happy " spirit of Jamaica in Volkswagen 's Super Bowl 2013 advertisement . While debates about racism abound  see this debate on CNN  , the Jamaica Tourism Board seems thrilled with the attention . In response to the ad , Jamaica 's tourism officials put together a "  Get Happy in Jamaica " package for visitors to enjoy savings on travel April 1 through June 30 . Jamaican musician Jimmy Cliff , whose recording of "  Come On , Get Happy " serves as background music , asked people to focus on the song 's message via his Facebook page . "  I chose to record the song that 's part of the Volkswagen Super Bowl campaign because it has a great message and it is something that people can apply to everyday life , " Cliff wrote . "  I have personally seen the positive effects of Reggae music and Jamaican culture . I am a proud Jamaican and stand by this campaign , I feel like people need to focus on peace and unity . Blessed Love ! " The Jamaica Tourism Board deal offers a free hotel night at 20 participating hotels , contingent on the purchase of three to five nights . Book by March 15 at Visit Jamaica , click on the "  Get Happy in Jamaica " link and use the code GET HAPPY . Seasonal surcharges and blackout dates may apply .	Jamaica 's tourism officials jumped on buzz around VW 's "  Get Happy " Super Bowl spot Participating hotels offering one free night for guests who book stays of a certain length Jamaican musician Jimmy Cliff stands by campaign and music 's message
CNN  -- David Weir is to Paralympic wheelchair racing in the United Kingdom as Michael Phelps is to swimming in the United States . Meeting this unassuming 33-year-old , you would n't know that he 's one of the winningest British Paralympic athletes on Team GB . But Weir 's victories -- six gold , two silver and two bronze medals and six London Marathon wins -- did n't come easily for him . Born with a spinal cord transection  shearing or compression of the spinal cord  that left him with feeling in his legs but no movement , Weir had to carve his own path to becoming the sports star he always hoped he could be . CNN sat down with Weir after a recent training session in London : CNN : What was it about sports that always appealed to you ? David Weir : My family was very sports-oriented . My brothers were boxers -- one was professional ; one was amateur . I just got the bug for sports at an early age . So I used to go see them fight when I was like 4 years old . I decided I wanted to do sports , but obviously I could n't do boxing or football , which were my love , so I had to find a sport that was suitable for my needs . CNN : You 've won 10 Paralympic medals ; you 've won the London Marathon six times , and you 've won the New York Marathon . What drives you ? Weir : I do n't know really . I thought I would n't have any drive left after London . And I think it 's just the way I ran my races . I won them convincingly , with a big gap . I did n't win them by millimeters or  a  photo finish like I 've done previous years leading up to London . When I started fully focusing  on  training for London , and training with the cyclists you 've seen today , I got that extra bit out of me . After the games , I watched my races back and saw that I was winning by a good margin , and I think that just showed me that "  Hold up , Dave , there 's still a bit of life in you . " London 2012 delivers unexpected legacy CNN : You 're working on starting an academy with your coach Jenny Archer to help train future wheelchair athletes . Why ? Weir : I 'm just more of a mentor -- I try and get down there as much as I can , but Jenny is the one that does the full program ; she 's brilliant with them . I 'm just there to encourage them really , give them advice and tactics , and a way to push and way to sit in their racing chair , because I 've got a lot of knowledge over the years . So I 'm just trying to give back what I know to the next generation coming through because Great Britain has a great tradition of wheelchair racers over the years , so I do n't want to see it die . So I 'm trying to give back what I had as a youngster . CNN : You 're David Weir the athlete , but there 's also David Weir the father . What do your kids think about all of this ? Weir : Well , my youngest children have n't got a clue at the moment because they 're too young , but my oldest girl who 's 10 -- she 's so proud and happy for me , and obviously my girlfriend is so supportive . They 're just the world to me . It 's another training tool -- when Mason was born and if I 'd have a bad training session , I 'd go back and see his smiley , happy face , and I would forget about that training session and move on to the next day . CNN : Any plans for Rio in 2016 ? Weir : Each month as it gets closer , I seem to change my mind if I 'm going to Rio . I want to do small targets first , really . I 'll be 34 this year . I need to have an offish year so I can do what races I really want to do . But I 'm going to have a two-year target , I think , because I think if I say yes , I 'm definitely in for Rio . It 's a lot of pressure on me , and four years is a long time when you 're 34 . So I 'm going to take each year as it comes really , and make my decision near the time I think , but if you asked me six , seven months ago , I would have said no way -- London was my last big target . We 'll see how it goes -- if I can still win races and perform at a high level , I ca n't see why not . We 'll see . Come and ask me in six months ' time ; I 'll probably give you a totally different answer then .	Paralympic wheelchair racer David Weir was born with a spinal cord transection Weir is one of the winningest Paralympians on Team GB He 's starting an academy to help train future wheelchair athletes
CNN  -- Thomas Aiken will take a two-shot lead heading into Sunday 's final round of the Spanish Open at the El Prat Golf Club near Barcelona . The South African who led at the halfway stage shot an even-par round of 72 on a day that was inevitably overshadowed by the death of Seve Ballesteros , who lost his three-year battle with cancer in the early hours of Saturday morning . With flags at half-mast and players donning black ribbons , the European Tour marked the five-time major winner 's passing with a minute 's silence followed by a round of applause . Among the many players paying their respects to Ballesteros were his long-standing friends and Ryder Cup allies Jose Maria Olazabal and Miguel Angel Jimenez . Colin Montgomerie , who played alongside Olazabal on Saturday said the Spaniard had been in tears for much of the third round . "  He has lost an older brother almost , " Montgomerie said , EuropeanTour.com reported . After his round , Olazabal reflected on the career of his great golfing companion . "  I do n't think there will ever be another player like him . There can be others that are very good , but none will have his charisma , " Olazabal said , EuropeanTour.com reported . Spain 's golfing maestro remembered Pablo Larrazabal is currently tied for second place on six-under par and the highest placed Spaniard in an event which Ballesteros won three times during his career . "  Since I heard the news this morning I could n't get it out of my head , " Larrazabal said , EuropeanTour.com reported . "  It has been a tough day . I was on the eighth during the minute of silence . It was the saddest minute of my career , " he added . The former Henry Cotton Rookie of the Year has set his sights on winning the tournament on Sunday . "  If I hit the ball well and putt correctly I have a chance to win it and dedicate it to him and to his family , " Larrazabal said , EuropeanTour.com reported . Along with Aiken , who has yet to win on the European Tour , Larrazabal will have to fend off challenges from the Dane Anders Hansen -- who shot a three-under par 69 on Saturday to tie for second place -- and France 's Romain Wattel and Scotland 's Scott Jamieson who are also tied for second .	South African leads by two after third round of Spanish Open Day overshadowed by death of golf legend Seve Ballesteros European Tour players and officials mark Spaniard 's passing with minute 's silence
Washington  CNN  -- Police should have considered a 13-year-old robbery suspect 's age when he was questioned without his parents present , a divided Supreme Court ruled Thursday , concluding a child in such a situation would not have reasonably felt free to walk away from the interrogation . The 5-4 decision dealt with whether the unnamed juvenile was entitled to be given a Miranda warning , telling him he need not answer questions . "  It is beyond dispute that children will often feel bound to submit to police questioning when an adult in the same circumstances would feel to free to leave , " said Justice Sonia Sotomayor for the court . "  Seeing no reason for police officers or courts to blind themselves to that commonsense reality , we hold that a child 's age properly informs the Miranda custody analysis . " The case was one of several this term dealing with the extent of constitutional rights for minors . "  J.D.B. " was a 13-year-old special-needs public school student in 2005 . He was escorted from his seventh-grade class and taken to a conference room . There a Chapel Hill , North Carolina , police investigator -- along with an assistant principal , school resource officer and an intern -- asked the boy if he wanted to talk about some recent criminal activity in the area . The African-American boy agreed to talk . The door was closed but not locked . After first denying any involvement , J.D.B. admitted breaking into several neighborhood homes and stealing items , including a camera . After the confession , the police officer told the boy he did not have to answer further questions , but he continued talking and gave further incriminating statements . The adults testified the youngster never asked to cease the questioning or to leave the room . When the 30 - to 45-minute session ended , the boy was allowed to leave and catch his bus for home . Officers later that day obtained a search warrant of his house and found the stolen goods . He was again questioned . At no time were the youth 's legal guardian or parents notified , and Miranda rights were never administered . Larceny and juvenile delinquency charges were filed , and courts subsequently allowed the confession to be admitted as evidence , concluding J.D.B. was not in custody and talked voluntarily . The appeal focused on the school interrogation , since the high court has previously ruled underage students are subject to some restrictions on their movements in that setting . The 1966 Supreme Court ruling in Miranda v. Arizona established clear guidelines to protect all criminal suspects from being compelled to give self-incriminating testimony . As seen on countless cop shows on TV , the warnings protect against police coercion , but also establish when a person is "  in custody . " Such factors as location and the length and nature of the interrogation all would be factors . Weighing that , courts must make an objective determination of "  how a reasonable man in the suspect 's position would have understood his situation " about agreeing to talk . But this case came down to how the "  reasonable man " objective standard could be applied to a 13-year-old boy . The majority said age is another of many factors that must be considered . "  Officers and judges need no imaginative powers , knowledge of developmental psychology , training in cognitive science , or expertise in social and cultural anthropology to account for a child 's age , " Sotomayor wrote . "  They simply need the common sense to know that a 7-year-old is not a 13-year-old and neither is an adult . " Sotomayor and the justices ordered the state court to take another look at whether the boy was in custody , and to decide that question by taking into account the "  relevant circumstances " of the interrogation that Sotomayor articulated . She was supported by Justices Anthony Kennedy , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , and Elena Kagan . In dissent , Justice Samuel Alito accused the majority of injecting "  personal characteristics " and a "  reality-based approach " to Miranda that will lead to that legal standard continually shifting . "  If Miranda 's rigid , one-size-fits-all standards fail to account for the unique needs of juveniles , the response should be to rigorously apply the constitutional rule against coercion to ensure that the rights of minors are protected . There is no need to run Miranda off the rails , " Alito wrote . "  Bit by bit , Miranda will lose the clarity and ease of application that has long been viewed as one of its chief justifications . " He was backed by Chief Justice John Roberts and conservative colleagues Justice Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . The case is J.D.B. v. North Carolina  09-11121  . .	A 13-year-old suspect was questioned by a police officer at school The court says officials need to consider age when applying Miranda guidelines Sotomayor : Officers simply need to use common sense Alito , in dissent , says Miranda is being "  run off the rails "
CNN  -- Beware learning American history through Groupon promotions . Contrary to what the online coupon company claims , Alexander Hamilton was never a U.S. president . The discounter put out a news release announcing "  Groupon Celebrates Presidents Day by Honoring Alexander Hamilton , " and offering $ 10 off of all local deals above $ 40 . "  The $ 10 bill , as everyone knows , features President Alexander Hamilton -- undeniably one of our greatest presidents and most widely recognized for establishing the country 's financial system , " the Business Wire release read . Hamilton , whose portrait does grace the $ 10 bill , was the first treasury secretary and is credited with laying the foundation of the U.S. financial system . But he was never president . When people suggested Groupon 's promotion was tongue-in-cheek , it responded through its Twitter account : "  Joke ? We 'd never joke about saving $ 10 ! #AllKindsOfSerious " @carmstrong07 was not convinced , tweeting : "  Gee whiz , it 's almost as if @Groupon did something ridiculous to get everyone online talking about them . " "  We 're shocked by this implication ! Shocked ! " the company replied . In case Groupon decides to give a $ 100 discount next year , Benjamin Franklin -- the face on the C-note -- was never a U.S. president either .	Groupon Presidents Day promotion honors non-President Alexander Hamilton Online coupon company calls Hamilton "  undeniably one of our greatest presidents " Hamilton , who 's on the $ 10 bill , was treasury secretary but not president "  Joke ? We 'd never joke about saving $ 10 ! #AllKindsOfSerious " Groupon tweets
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack is used to the huge pressure soccer can bring after a long career competing for major honors on the domestic and international stage . The midfielder has won four league titles in Germany , three while at Bayern Munich , and can boast two English Premier League successes and two FA Cup 's with current club Chelsea . Yet there is one thing missing from Ballack 's impressive CV : success with his national team . The 33-year-old was in the German team beaten to the trophy by Brazil at the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea , then on home soil in 2006 his side were knocked out in the semifinals by eventual winners Italy . Ballack also skippered Germany to second place at the European Championships in 2008 , losing 1-0 to Spain in the final . But , as he told CNN Sport 's Alex Thomas , he is hoping to lead his side to glory in South Africa in what will be his last World Cup . CNN : There have been so many great German footballers down the years , it must be hard when you become first of all an international , and then captain of your country . It 's not the same as being captain of a smaller country -- Germany has such a record , do you feel that extra weight and pressure ? Ballack : To be honest it 's not a pressure , it 's an honor to be captain of Germany and when I became it in 2004 I was really proud that I could make the step to be captain after Oliver Kahn . There were so many good captains during the years , we have such a great history in the country and to be part of this makes me proud . Also it 's pressure because you have to have success , you have to win games , you have to win titles and that 's what it 's all about in our country because it has a great history . Hopefully we can carry on . CNN : Does it make you laugh , you play your football in England now and we 're always up in arms if England make it to a quarterfinal or a semifinal , and Germany seem to make it to the final every time . It 's completely different . Ballack : Not every time , but most of the time we can do it . A lot of people in England ask me how can you do this with your country because sometimes we go into a tournament and we are not the favorites but we can always do well , and that 's a quality we have . I do n't know where it comes from , maybe the history , but we can be really concentrated during the tournament , and especially in the big events most of the time we 've done really well . CNN : You 're coming up to your third World Cup , how has the experience in 2002 and 2006 affected how you will approach the next one ? Ballack : Experience is always important . I played in 2002 and 2006 , once I finished second , once I finished third , so one place improvement maybe . When we get into a tournament it 's always step by step , we have to think from round to round . Obviously it 's the last one I will play so it gives me big , big motivation to play a good tournament this year . I think it 's a bit similar to the past that when we go in the tournament we have a good team . We played a good qualification , but we are not one of the top favorites so maybe it plays a little into our hands . We have quite a young team , and if there is not too much pressure on the team maybe it will help the team a little bit . CNN : You 've had two great honors now , or you will have . You 've had playing a World Cup on home soil in Germany and we 're coming up to the first World Cup to ever be held in Africa -- you 've been lucky with how your career 's been timed . Ballack : Yeah , absolutely . To play a World Cup in your own country as a captain is not normal . When we saw the draw in 2001 or 2002 that we had the World Cup in 2006 we were all really excited because it was a big chance to play a World Cup in your own country . If I look back , it was a great tournament for us , it was a great few weeks . Everybody was so excited in the country , big parties all over the cities and now it 's a different thing . It 's the first World Cup in Africa , it 's a little bit new for everybody . Germany was so well-organized , everybody expects the same now , but it 's a totally different thing now . The fans have a different mentality , it will be a lot different but in a good way hopefully . That 's why I think everybody is looking forward to it . CNN : What do you make of your group opponents ? Ballack : We have a tough group . Australia , Serbia and Ghana , they 're all really physical teams . So it will be really tough for us . CNN : You 're on 98 caps , assuming Germany do well in the World Cup you 'll be well over the 100 mark and really among some of the top players that have ever played for Germany . I think no-one 's going to catch Lothar Matthaus , who has 150 , are they ? But is that important to you , how you 're remembered in the history of your country 's players ? Ballack : It 's always nice if you can be part of the history and well-recognized . I mean that 's what everybody wants , but the most important thing for me is that I 'm happy with myself . When I finish my career I can say I did well , I gave my best , and if a few more caps come it makes me happy . There 's not really a target , 100 is a big number and hopefully I can reach them soon . What comes after I will see . I 've really enjoyed the times I 've played for Germany , every game is special for me , so hopefully I can play a few more . CNN : I asked everyone in the office , I said Michael Ballack has played 98 times , how many goals do you think he has scored for Germany , and they all said 10 , 15 , 18 and I said 42 . They could n't believe it . Why is your strike rate so good for your country ? Ballack : I do n't know 100 percent , but I was always a midfield player with a lot of determination in the box . I want to score goals . I always scored a lot of goals when I was young , I 've scored in every position in my career , from a defender to a striker when I was young . I think I learned it when I was young , I had it in the blood a little bit to score goals . That 's what I always try to do for my country and I 'm really proud that I could score so many goals . CNN : Is the World Cup still the biggest tournament for players ? Ballack : I think so . You play for your club every year , week in week out , so it makes it exciting and special , but the World Cup is something bigger . You play it every four years , the best teams in the world playing each other . Even the atmosphere during such a big tournament , you go in the bus driving to a game and you see all your fans supporting you . They feel so excited even you feel something special .	Germany midfielder Michael Ballack talks to CNN Sport about the 2010 World Cup The Chelsea star will represent his country in the finals in South Africa Ballack will reach the 100-cap mark for his country during the month-long tournament
CNN  -- Danielle Jackson still remembers the day she discovered her own mother could be her own worst enemy . She was paying for her lunch when her debit card got rejected in front of everyone . She ran back to the bank where she worked and pulled her records , only to discover a middle-of-the-night withdrawal from a bank near her mother 's home . The night before , as she was sleeping , it looked like her own mother had nearly emptied her account . "  It was embarrassing . It was hurtful , " said Danielle , who remembers thinking that her co-workers at the bank must wonder how a mother could steal her child 's money . "  It was only a small amount of money , but it hurt worse than anything she 's done , because she took something from me . " I have met these Danielle Jacksons many times over , young women whose own mothers drag them down even as they already face terrible odds . These are mothers who engage in a stunning role reversal at the very moment their children need them most , demanding their daughters become caregivers , bail them out of trouble , support them when they can barely support themselves . The first warning sign is neglect This alarming role reversal begins with neglect . Each year , the Administration for Children and Families records 6 million cases of child abuse or neglect , 80 % of them cases where parents , many of them mothers , put their own children at risk . What sometimes happens next , but you do n't hear about as often , is that many of those mothers demand their children care for them , even after they stopped caring for their children . "  Those mothers can have many needs themselves , and the one person who can fulfill those needs is that child , " says Alicia Salzer , a psychiatrist and the author of "  Back to Life : Getting Past Your Past With Resilience , Strength , and Optimism , " a book about how people can overcome trauma . The problem is particularly acute among children of the poor and of substance abusers , children who already face obstacles getting ahead . I know a young woman named Whitney who aspired to finish college and thought she might even count on her mother for some minimal help with the huge loans she needed to pay for school . Instead , she says , her mother used her Social Security number to rent an apartment . She left Whitney with unpaid bills and ruined credit . Mia  not her real name  was raising her son by herself and trying to go to school . Even as she struggled to find baby-sitting and juggle her schoolwork , her mother treated her like a renter , expressing jealousy that Mia was getting to go to school . Then there was Terry , a beautiful dark-eyed academic superstar , whose mother barely provided for her , even as she had so many unmet needs . One day when Terry was in high school , she came home to discover her mother had gone to live with her boyfriend . "  She left , " she told me . I could see everything in this young lady closing down as she said the words . "  Did she tell you where she was going ? " I asked . "  No , " she said . And we both began to cry . No idea of normal "  To these girls , normal is something that looks like a Disney film , " says Salzer . "  They have no idea what a normal mother-daughter relationship looks like . They get used to it being this way , so it just continues . " A common thread in such relationships , says Salzer , is substance abuse , because it gives the mother something in her life that overshadows her children , blurs judgment and creates need . That 's been the case for Danielle . Her mother , Regina , was addicted to crack when she became pregnant . She was already having trouble raising two sons and had no job and no stable relationship . Regina is frank when she tells her side of the story : "  Being honest with you , I told Danielle I did n't want her even when I was pregnant , but I 'm glad I did n't get rid of her . They had told me I could n't have any more kids , and I went out on a drug spree . I was so surprised when I found out I was pregnant , I had to check into a mental institution for six months to get over it . " Danielle ended up living with her grandmother , where she thrived and became a good student . Her mother loomed over her like a dark shadow , entering and re-entering her life as she faced her addictions . Danielle went to college ; her mother went to jail . Her grandmother 's diagnosis of cancer forced Danielle to make a heart-wrenching decision . "  My grandmother had taken care of me , and now I had to take care of her , " Danielle recalls . She left college , a mountain of debt wasted , and began caring for her grandmother . Her mother seemed like she might rally and help her out , but once again , it was n't to be . "  I thought this would bring my mother and I together , but all she did was cry and cry , " Danielle remembers . As Danielle watched her grandmother succumb to cancer , her mother brought new problems . Danielle bought her a car , and Regina got drunk and had an accident . The car was impounded . Danielle paid a fine . Regina 's boyfriend was stopped on a DUI , which was another fine . Then a relative crashed the car , leading to hundreds of dollars in repairs . Regina recalls how Danielle stood by her . "  She took care of six or seven payday loans . She took care of me , " she said . "  She is a good person to lean on . " After Danielle 's grandmother died , her mother leaned even harder , falling into debt by buying insurance policies for every family member . Danielle again had to step in and rescue her mother . "  I 've struggled because I love her , and I was raised to respect her as my mom . She did n't give me up for adoption , " said Danielle . "  But it 's a struggle . " Outside intervention That is when our foundation stepped in . My husband and I started the Soledad O'Brien Brad Raymond Foundation two years ago to help promising girls who were future leaders . We wanted to help them navigate around the people and things that become obstacles to their success . We also wanted to give them the funding that puts them within reach of a better life through education . We have adopted 23 scholars so far . Our mentors aim to give our girls a taste of what a functional family looks like by helping them with simple things such as choosing clothes for an interview , shopping for textbooks or celebrating good grades . We sent Danielle back to college and assigned a mentor to help her navigate her upside-down relationship with her mother . It was clear from the outset that Danielle could n't let go of her mom easily . "  She needs me too much for me to move away . It 's almost like she is trapped at the age she was when she started using drugs . Like she is a teenager , and at some point I moved past her and became an adult , " said Danielle . Salzer says it 's naive for women such as Danielle to believe their moms will ever just go away , but they can learn to negotiate and set limits . "  The whole notion that they will just get rid of their mothers does n't work so well , because I know very few people who can do that , just shed their family or their history . ... Their parent is really impaired . The best you can hope for is that they can stop having the expectation that this will turn into something normal . " Danielle says she knows her mother 's behavior is a danger sign , not something she should readily accept . She has cut off access to her passwords and no longer will give her money directly . She no longer trusts her , even thought she loves her . "  Who runs out in the middle of the night with someone else 's debit card to get cash if they 're not using drugs ? " she asked . "  I do n't want to be helping her get in more trouble . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Soledad O'Brien .	Soledad O'Brien : Many young women struggle because mothers do n't fulfill their role She says it happens most often with substance abusers who fail their kids When young women need help most , they wind up having to care for their moms , she says O'Brien : Her foundation helps promising girls overcome obstacles
CNN  New Zealand has become the latest nation to join the international coalition fighting ISIS , with Prime Minister John Key telling lawmakers Tuesday 143 military personnel were deploying to Iraq in a non-combat role . In a two-year mission likely to start in May , New Zealand personnel will train Iraq security forces at the Taji Military Complex north of Baghdad , Key said . He said soldiers would provide protection for the training force . Key said ISIS -- also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  ISIL  -- posed a threat to stability in regions beyond the Middle East and New Zealand had "  an obligation " to help support the rule of law internationally . "  New Zealand is a country that stands up for its values . We stand up for what is right , " he told parliament . "  We do not shy away from taking our share of the burden when the international rules based system is threatened as it is today . " Key said attacks in Ottawa , Sydney and Paris had underscored the risk of complacency . "  To those who argue that we should not take action because it raises the threat , I say this ` the risk associated with ISIL becoming stronger and more widespread far outweighs this . ' " In a statement , Key referred to New Zealanders as "  prolific travelers " who were not immune from the risk posed by ISIS . "  ISIL 's brutality has only worsened and its outrageous actions have united an international coalition of around 62 countries to fight and degrade the group , " he said . Who 's doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ? Opposition leaders were quick to condemn the decision , which they said should have been debated and voted on in parliament . Labour leader Andrew Little said his party was opposed to sending troops to Iraq and that it was unlikely they would remain behind the front line . "  The Prime Minister says they will be behind the wire but we know they will not be . They can not stick there , they can not stay there , that is not all they will do . They will not just be behind the wire ; they will be exposed to the much wider conflict ; it will not be just the soldiers we send to the Iraq , it will be Kiwis traveling around the world , " Little said . Green Party Leader Russel Norman said Key was "  dragging New Zealand into someone else 's war without a mandate " and was making the country and its citizens unnecessary targets for ISIS . New Zealand First leader Winston Peters said Key had made a "  giant turnaround " since ruling out a troop deployment . "  Nothing has changed in Iraq , except ` his club ' persuaded Mr Key to commit our troops , " Peters said in a statement . ` Not taken lightly ' Key said the government had carefully considered New Zealand 's contribution to the coalition . "  A training mission like this is not without danger and this is not a decision we have taken lightly , " he said . "  I have required assurances that our men and women will be as safe as they can practicably be in Taji . The deployment came at the request of the Iraqi government and was likely to be a joint training mission with neighboring Australia , Key said . New Zealand 's cabinet would review the deployment after nine months , he added . The United States is leading the coalition to fight ISIS from the sky over Iraq and Syria . The militant group has declared an Islamic caliphate in the area and demanded that all Muslims pledge allegiance to its leader -- Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Richard Jackson from the National Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies at New Zealand 's University of Otago said New Zealand 's commitment to the coalition would likely be dangerous for its citizens in the Middle East region . "  There is definitely a risk in joining the international effort and that risk is first of all that New Zealand personnel in the region will become a more identifiable target , " he told CNN . "  The secondary risk is that New Zealand involvement in the international effort will radicalize people in New Zealand and or Australia . I think that 's a very small risk because I do n't think there are many potential extremists in New Zealand . " ISIS did not directly pose a threat to NZ domestically , Jackson said . "  The only influence they have is an indirect one . If they start showing pictures of civilians killed by Western bombing that might involve someone living in Auckland or Canberra or elsewhere who might decide off their own bat to commit an act of violence . " Jackson warned that the conflict would likely escalate and said that New Zealand had no clear exit strategy . "  Involvement just keeps going forward rather than backwards -- it will be very hard to disentangle , " he said . "  It seems to me like a bit of a knee-jerk reaction to the admittedly horrific propaganda videos produced by ISIS . The other problem is that ISIS has a plan and that plan is to suck in Western troops so that they can fight them on the ground . It suits their agenda . " Political arguments Robert Ayson , Professor of Strategic Studies at Victoria University in Wellington said that had John Key 's government opted to allow parliament to vote on the deployment it likely would have failed to win majority support . "  It 's been clear for some time that the government was intending to make a military contribution , " he said . "  It 's become an issue of considerable division between the government on the one hand and the opposition on the other . " New Zealand 's successful pitch to join the United Nations Security Council involved presenting itself as a country that had an independent foreign policy , and may have been a factor in the delaying the commitment , Ayson said . The delay had also provided opposition parties with plenty of opportunity to poke holes in the government 's argument for joining the coalition , he said . Comments Key made in January about involvement being "  the price of the club , " had fed into the opposition Labour Party 's argument that being independent meant having "  the ability to say no from time to time , " Ayson said . "  It 's quite possible that the government felt that it could get wider public support if this was just a training mission , but it has n't been able to convince the opposition , " Ayson said . "  For the opposition this is like ` let 's not repeat 2003 -LSB- the Iraq invasion -RSB- . ' This is of course not like 2003 , this is not an unrequested invasion , " he said . "  Given that there are 62 countries in the coalition it 's not like Iraq in 2003 . It 's almost as if opposition parties in NZ are wanting to avoid the last war . " The United States said it welcomed New Zealand 's contribution . "  As one of our partners in the coalition , New Zealand has already provided substantial humanitarian assistance to Iraq and Syria . "  We value the contributions and efforts of all partners in the mission as we work together on a multifaceted and long-term strategy to degrade and defeat ISIL , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement .	Prime Minister John Key confirms New Zealand troops to be deployed to Iraq 143 troops will be part of a non-combat training mission to help Iraq fight ISIS NZ has "  an obligation to support stability and the rule of law , " Key tells lawmakers
CNN  Eric Frein accused of killing a state trooper and injuring another , on Thursday entered a not guilty plea by video from Pennsylvania 's Pike County Correctional Facility during his arraignment , according to his attorney . The attorney , Michael Weinstein , attended the hearing in Milford , Pennsylvania , to enter the plea on behalf of his client , while co-counsel William Ruzzo was with Frein at the jailhouse . Weinstein said his client appeared fine , and understood and answered questions asked by the judge . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Frein , who is accused of shooting two state troopers -- killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and injuring Trooper Alex T. Douglass . Frein faces a dozen charges , including terrorism and first-degree murder , in connection with the September ambush outside the state police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . Frein led a small army of law enforcement officers on a weeks-long manhunt in eastern Pennsylvania . The self-styled survivalist and military buff was captured on October 30 at an abandoned airport . Who is Eric Frein ? The manhunt lasted almost seven weeks , and involved as many as 1,000 officers at times . Authorities said the search cost more than $ 11 million in salaries , travel , equipment , utilities and other expenses . Prosecutors had previously said they intended to seek the death penalty . They submitted the formal paperwork on Tuesday . Frein 's lawyer said the move was expected . "  There 's a lot of work ahead , and there 's just so much more to do , " Weinstein said . "  We need to make sure we have everything analyzed correctly . Right now , it 's all just in the early stages , so once we get the evidence laid out we can go from there , " he said . Police uncover Frein 's trove of survival supplies After his arrest , Frein allegedly told investigators he "  wanted to make a change  in government  and that voting was insufficient to do so , because there was no one worth voting for , " according to a court affidavit . Frein called the killing of Dickson an "  assassination , " the court documents said . The suspect said the shootings were an attempt to bring about a change in government and to "  wake up people , because it was all he could do . " Frein charged with terrorism CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Eric Frein 's accused of killing Cpl. Bryon Dickson and wounding Trooper Alex T. Douglass He led small army of law enforcement officers on a weeks-long manhunt The self-styled survivalist and military buff was captured in October
CNN  -- Rescue workers rushed Tuesday to get aid into flooded communities in New Jersey and Vermont , where many residents remain stranded in the aftermath of Hurricane Irene . Marc Leibowitz , a New Yorker , went to Vermont over the weekend to get married . The wedding went off without a hitch , he said , but now he is stranded in the town of Pittsfield , with no roads to get him and his guests out . Residents have food and drinkable water , but resources are limited and wo n't last forever , Leibowitz told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " "  There 's several bridges down on Route 100 . There 's a road that just caved in . There 's several houses in town that we watched floating . It 's been scary , " he said . Thirteen Vermont towns were inaccessible by roads early Tuesday . By late afternoon , Route 100 into Stratton and Rochester had opened and officials said they hoped to have the remainder of those towns accessible soon . In Grafton , Vermont , 800 residents were stranded . "  It 's one massive mess , " said Tara Taylor , who came out of Grafton to nearby Rockingham , along with her family . "  There 's no words to describe this . " While part of Grafton has maintained electricity , much of the town is running on generators , she said . But as far as she knew , people were well , and no one had been hurt , Taylor said . "  We 've been very lucky with this . " Taylor 's young daughter told CNN she had seen pictures of some devastated areas . "  It just tore me apart on how it was like all just gone , " she said . Mark Bosma of the Vermont Office of Emergency Management said officials were working to bring supplies to cut-off communities , turned temporarily into islands . The National Guard operated two helicopters , doing drop-offs where needed , delivering such necessities as food , water , medicine , diapers and formula . Meanwhile , in New Jersey , search-and-rescue teams went door-to-door by boat in flooded communities , transporting families from their homes to higher ground . "  The water 's moving so fast , " said Scott Evans of the New Jersey Office of Emergency Management . "  It 's not even safe to go close to the river at this point . " Evans spoke with CNN in Paterson , New Jersey , just three blocks from the swollen Passaic River . Water in the street was as high as 15 to 18 feet , he said . Some one-story buildings were fully submerged . Tuesday morning alone , 34 people , including 14 children , were rescued in Paterson along with three dogs , Evans said . While people had been warned that river levels were rising and flooding was likely , some stayed in their homes overnight because they did n't realize the water would come gushing so quickly , Evans said . "  Unfortunately , they are used to flooding , but not of this magnitude , " he said of local residents . "  And a lot of areas are getting flooded this time that have not been flooded before . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie surveyed some of the damage and told reporters on Tuesday that he had seen "  extraordinary despair . " More than 1,300 people throughout the state are in shelters , he said , though that number is likely to rise as additional areas are evacuated . Also Tuesday , the death toll stemming from Irene continued to rise . At least 43 deaths were linked to the storm , from Florida to North Carolina to New England . An estimated 2.85 million customers remained without power Tuesday afternoon , the U.S. Department of Energy said . That included more than half a million each in Connecticut and New York , more than 400,000 in Virginia , more than 300,000 in New Jersey and more than 250,000 in Maryland . Nearly 6.7 million customers initially were left without power by the storm , the department said . "  This storm covered a tremendous amount of territory , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told reporters in Virginia . She said most states are now in recovery , though a few states -- like Vermont and New Jersey -- are still in response mode . Napolitano traveled to North Carolina and Virginia on Tuesday with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to meet with state and local officials and to survey storm efforts . Vilsack spoke to reporters in North Carolina after touring some of the hardest-hit areas . He said tobacco , cotton and corn producers had suffered extensive damage . The full extent of Irene 's destruction wo n't be known for some time . The federal government estimates that the cost from wind damage alone will exceed $ 1 billion . Analysts have put the total expected cost of Irene much higher . CNN 's Julia Talanova , Mary Snow , Amber Lyon , Gary Tuchman , A. Pawlowski , Josh Levs , Joe Sutton , Nina Golgowski , Katie Silver , Ric Ward , Melanie Whitley and Jake Carpenter and iReport 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	NEW : Floodwaters turn several Vermont towns into tiny , temporary islands NEW : More than 1,300 people are in shelters in New Jersey , the governor says Irene 's death toll is at least 43 in 12 states About 2.85 million customers are still without power
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- Edward Snowden , a 29-year-old former technical assistant for the CIA , revealed himself as the source behind one of the most notorious intelligence leaks in recent U.S. history . Snowden 's leak revealed the shocking amount of information the National Security Agency was collecting as a way to track down foreign targets . And while the NSA 's tactics may be unsettling , it 's not just the U.S. government that is messing with your data . It 's a brave new world of information mining . Here are a few ways your data are already being collected and put to use , even if you do n't know it . 1 . Facebook knows what you 're buying . Facebook purchased data in 2012 on 70 million U.S. households from a data mining firm called Datalogix . Facebook then revealed in February what many users were already noticing : The social network was , in fact , tracking users ' behavior to better advertise to them . The backlash from creeped-out users has since led Facebook to become even more transparent about its targeting programs . Users now also have the ability to opt out . 2 . Your Facebook likes reveal personality traits . Liking something on Facebook is a simple , almost mindless way to pass time on the social networking site . But choosing to "  like " beer , crappie or "  Real Housewives " allows researchers to extrapolate far more intimate details about you , such as sexual orientation , political leanings and religion , according to a University of Cambridge study released in March . If you 're curious , you can visit youarewhatyoulike.com and see exactly how much your Facebook can predict . 3 . Ad firms watch your tweets to better market to you . Twitter , not to be outdone by Facebook 's ad targeting , came up with its own version . Leading advertising firm WPP announced last week that it was partnering with Twitter in what the two companies are calling a "  global strategic partnership . " What does that mean for you ? Twitter is allowing WPP to analyze Twitter data to set up a way to better monitor real-time consumer behavior . 4 . Companies use retina trackers to see how your eyes move in the store . Social media companies are not the only ones scrambling to use your data for more precise targeting . Marketers and consumer-products companies have come up with an effective and very science fiction-y method to better monitor how you interact with products , according to a Wall Street Journal report . Using computer simulations of product designs and store layouts , companies like Procter & Gamble and Kimberly-Clark Corp. are experimenting with eye-tracking technology to better understand how things like how shelf placement or logo size affects consumer behavior . 5 . Department stores can track your smartphone . Similarly , a Denver news station learned that some Nordstroms were using their WiFi network to track customers ' smartphones and create a heatmap of their movements and how long they stayed in each section of the store . The WiFi tracking program does have an opt-out , which you can learn more about here . 6 . Amazon has ads that watch what you look at online . Amazon was one of the first major companies to use what 's now a commonly known practice : cookie tracking . In the most basic sense , cookies track and analyze where you 're browsing and what you 're looking at and then advertise Amazon products that match up . It was one of the first mainstream uses of cookie-tracking and definitely ruffled a few feathers . Amazon still tracks users ' cookies , but there are also a lot of resources available to help people turn trackers off . 7 . Target can tell if you 're pregnant before you do . Target made news last year when it was revealed that its mailer system tracks purchase history and mails coupons based on those purchases . The system got a little too accurate for comfort when a Target in Minneapolis determined that a teenager was pregnant before she did . The mailer system analyzed her previous purchases and noticed that what she was buying in terms of groceries and toiletries fit a trend that usually meant a customer was in the early stages of pregnancy . Unfortunately , the girl and her family did n't know that yet . Sure enough , though , the mailer system was right , the girl was pregnant , and Target 's purchase analysis figured it out before the humans it was monitoring did . 8 . Qantas Airlines flight attendants carry iPads with up-to-the-minute data on frequent flyers . In the same way Target 's algorithms were creeping people out with how much they revealed about their customers , Qantas Airlines learned that too much data can backfire . According to The Harvard Business Review , when Qantas armed its flight attendants with real-time , data-tracking iPads to better accommodate frequent flyers , the customers started getting a little uncomfortable . Qantas decided that the flight attendants needed more training if they were going to incorporate that level of information into customer service but said nothing about the ethics of using it in the first place . 9 . An app can use data from your smartphone pictures to pinpoint where you took the photo . Chances are , if you have a smartphone , you 've used it to take photos and upload them to share with family , friends and followers . What you may not know is that all of those photos have specific digital fingerprints known as EXIF data , which reveals where they were taken , when they were taken and how they traveled online . So what might an online stalker want to do with all that data ? The aptly named Creepy is an app that can aggregate geo-located photos from all over the Web . There are other sites that can do it too , and it 's very often what Anonymous uses to track targets down . 10 . DNA databases are not just for the FBI anymore . Local law enforcement agencies across the country are building unregulated DNA databases under the radar , The New York Times reported this week . New York 's database has 11,000 crime suspects in it , while the version in Orange County , California , has a whopping 90,000 profiles . The DNA is usually taken from low-level defendants who give their DNA to law enforcement in exchange for having charges against them dropped . So if you 've given DNA to police in recent years , there 's a chance they might still have it .	Remember cookies ? They track and analyze your online activity to help companies advertise Your Facebook "  likes " say a lot about you that researchers are keen to dissect Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
BUCHAREST , Romania  CNN  -- France has agreed to send a battalion of troops to eastern Afghanistan , a NATO spokesman has said . Canadian NATO-led soldiers walk patrol near Kandahar , Afghanistan . James Appathurai told reporters at a briefing that the move will help NATO meet Canada 's requirement that it send more troops to the volatile southern province of Kandahar , where Canadian troops are based . Canada agreed this month to extend its commitment of about 2,500 troops until 2011 so long as NATO contributes more troops to Kandahar . There is a "  clear unity in the alliance " that the mission in Afghanistan must succeed , Appathurai said . Though 25 NATO allies and 13 other countries have contributed forces , the bulk of the recent fighting has been done by U.S. , Canadian , British and Dutch troops . Appathurai also said Thursday that he did not expect NATO applicants Georgia and Ukraine to be put on a membership action plan this summit but , he said , the general sense in terms of membership for the two countries is not "  whether , but when . " Further discussions regarding those two countries is to resume Thursday , he said . U.S. President George W. Bush has pushed for the admission of Ukraine and Georgia to the military alliance . However , Russia -- which is not a NATO member -- has expressed concerns about the former Soviet republics joining NATO , which has already made members of other former Soviet countries Latvia , Lithuania , and Estonia . Appathurai also said a general consensus could not be reached on Macedonia 's bid , because of Greece 's objections . Greece has threatened to veto Macedonia 's bid if its northern neighbor does not agree to change its name . Athens has long argued that the name Macedonia implies territorial claims on its northern province of the same name -- the birthplace , also , of Greece 's most revered ancient warrior , Alexander the Great . The name issue must be resolved by the two countries , Appathurai said . E-mail to a friend	French move will help NATO meet Canada 's Kandahar commitment Canada agreed to extend commitment as long as other NATO members helped The bulk of recent fighting has been done by U.S. , Canadian , UK and Dutch troops
Hong Kong  CNN  The official Malaysia Airlines website has been hacked by a group claiming to support Islamist terror group , ISIS . On logging into www.malaysiaairlines.com on Monday morning , users were presented with an image of a Malaysia Airlines Airbus and messages that read "  404 -- Plane Not Found " and "  Hacked by Lizard Squad -- Official Cyber Caliphate . " The browser tab also read "  ISIS will prevail . " The Malaysia Airlines homepage later changed to a black background featuring a mocked-up image of a lizard in a top hat complete with monocle . Users were directed to a Twitter page called " @lizardmafia , " which featured a series of largely asinine posts . The airline , which is currently restructuring itself in the wake of the loss of two of its airliners last year , could not be contacted by telephone . In a post on its Facebook account , the airline denied its internal servers , which contain passenger information , had been compromised . It said its Domain Name System  DNS  had instead been hijacked , with users redirected to the hackers ' website . The airline added the issue has now been resolved with its service provider and the system is expected to be fully recovered within 22 hours . The matter has also been reported to Malaysian authorities , it said . But the hackers , identifying themselves as the Lizard Squad , took to Twitter claiming they had penetrated Malaysia Airlines ' email account and posted a screenshot . Meanwhile , tweets from the airline 's official account directed users to a separate URL for its online booking service . This link worked as normal . CNN 's Wilfred Chan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Malaysia Airlines website taken down by group calling themselves Cyber Caliphate But the airline claims its systems were intact and users were instead redirected to hackers ' site
CNN  Kentucky is so awesome right now you are probably watching the NCAA men 's basketball tournament to see who is going to get second . The undefeated Wildcats were scary good Thursday night in crushing West Virginia . The score was so lopsided the game was over before the first television timeout . While the Wildcats won in a blowout , Notre Dame and Wisconsin also advanced to the Elite Eight with less-than-comfortable wins . The Fighting Irish pulled away from Wichita State while the Badgers shook off pesky North Carolina . During the nightcap a lot of televisions -- outside the commonwealth of Kentucky -- probably changed channels . The good news was Arizona and Xavier played a terrific game in the final contest of the night . Perhaps you should n't provoke the beast that is Kentucky . In the week leading up to the game , West Virginia 's Daxter Miles said , "  I give them them their props . Salute them getting to 36-0 . But tomorrow they 're gon na be 36-1 . " Mr. Miles missed his guaranteed win by miles . The Wildcats smoked the Mountaineers 78-39 Thursday night in a Midwest Region contest that was never a contest . Kentucky raced to an 18-2 lead -- they should have stopped it then -- and had five players score in double figures on the night . Trey Lyles was the Wildcats ' top scorer with 14 points . West Virginia could n't guard anyone , except maybe the official who went down when he tripped over a Mountaineer waiting at the scoring table . Kentucky 's 37-0 record is the best start in NCAA history , which has Kentucky superfan Ashley Judd super excited . It was n't a pretty game for the Wildcats ' offense , but Arizona scratched its way past Xavier 68-60 in a West Region semifinal . Arizona shot 40 percent , while Xavier was n't much better at 43 percent . The Wildcats tightened their defense toward the end , closing out with a 19-7 run that pushed them to a win and a meeting Saturday with Wisconsin . It 's a rematch of an Elite 8 game last year , which the Badgers won by one point . T.J. McConnell topped all Arizona scorers with 17 points while Matt Stainbrook led Xavier with 17 points . The Irish found the right balance in the second half , putting the Shockers away for a 81-70 victory in the Midwest Region . Notre Dame trailed by 1 with 16:43 left when it went on a spurt that saw six different players score as the lead grew to double digits . Demetrius Jackson , who started the run with back-to-back three-pointers , led the Irish with 20 points . Two-sport star Pat Connaughton had 16 . Steve Vasturia , who one CBS analyst called a baby-faced assassin , chipped in 13 points . Jerian Grant , a national player of the year candidate , had a rough night shooting , so he set up his teammates for buckets instead . He had nine points but 11 assists . Junior Fred VanVleet led the Shockers with 25 points while Darius Carter maneuvered inside for 22 . Wisconsin played cool and shot hot from the free-throw line in holding off North Carolina 79-72 . Sam Decker was trending on Twitter but the Tar Heels were concerned about Sam Dekker  two Ks , folks !  , the Wisconsin forward who was n't having any trouble scoring against the fourth-seeded Tar Heels . Dekker , who was guarded by the Heels ' best defender , J.P. Tokoto , sliced his way for 15 first-half points to keep the Badgers in the game . The junior had a career-high 23 points on the night while Frank Kaminsky , one of the best players in the country , struggled . But the 7-foot tall center hit a big three and big free throws as the minutes wound down . The Badgers were 20 for 23 from the free throw line . Kaminsky hit all eight of his attempts . Folks also got worked up over seeing Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers and actress girlfriend Olivia Munn at the game . Seems like TBS cut to a shot of the two at every break in the action . How 'd you like to be the guy next to Rodgers ? He won two U.S. Open golf titles , yet is n't famous enough to get all the way in the celebrity fan shot . It 's OK , Andy North .	Kentucky destroys West Virginia Notre Dame 's offense gets hot in the second half , led by Demetrius Jackson Wisconsin holds off ACC 's North Carolina with superb free-throw shooting
CNN  -- South Africa inflicted the first home series defeat on Australia in almost 16 years as they wrapped up a nine-wicket win over the world 's number one ranked Test nation in Melbourne on Tuesday . South African captain Graeme Smith led from the front with 75 as his team wrapped up victory . Captain Graeme Smith hit a fluent 75 as his side successfully passed a modest victory target of 183 on the final day at the MCG to take an unassailable 2-0 lead . It was the South African 's first-ever Test series triumph in Australia and victory in the third and final match in Sydney will see them leapfrog the home side at the top of the global rankings . Hashim Amla  30 not out  scored the winning runs shortly after lunch as South Africa became the first team to overcome Australia at home since the West Indies in 1992-93 . South Africa were never under any pressure in their run chase and did not lose a wicket until just before lunch when the inspirational Smith was trapped leg before wicket by Nathan Hauritz . Smith had dominated a 121-run opening stand with Neil McKenzie , hitting 10 boundaries . McKenzie struggled to a half century and survived strong lbw shouts from Brett Lee , who was bowling despite an injured foot that will keep him out of the Sydney Test . South Africa 's victory was set up by a brilliant maiden Test century from JP Duminy , who shared a stunning 180-run ninth wicket partnership with pace bowler Dale Steyn . It gave the tourists a priceless 65-run lead on first innings before man of the match Steyn worked his magic with the ball as Australia were bowled out on the fourth day for 247 in their second innings . The pugnacious Smith was virtually lost for words in his victory speech . "  It has been such a special moment for all of us , it has been an incredible team effort , " he said . "  I have been smiling non-stop since we hit the winning runs . "  To be 2-0 up after this game was something we only dreamt of . " South Africa won the first Test in Perth from an unlikely position , chasing 414 for victory for the loss of only four wickets .	South Africa beat Australia by nine wickets in second Test in Melbourne Victory gives the South Africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series South Africa won first Test of the series in Perth by six wickets
CNN  -- Standard Chartered has agreed to pay a $ 340 million fine to New York banking regulators to settle charges it laundered money for Iranian clients -- but the UK bank is far from the only one to be implicated in illegal transactions with sanctioned nations . Since 2009 , several major international financial institutions have been charged with conspiring to violate U.S. economic sanctions against doing business with Iran and other countries . These banks purportedly facilitated the movement of billions of dollars through the U.S. financial system by falsifying tens of thousands of outgoing U.S. dollar  USD  payment messages for Iran and other countries subject to economic sanctions such as Sudan , Libya , and Cuba . The violations involved the practice of "  stripping " identifier information from wire transfer documentation to conceal that the transactions were on behalf of Iranian clients or those from other rogue countries . More : StanChart pays $ 340 million to settle charges The violations of sanctions against Iran and other countries were not an accident . Instead , senior bank officials knowingly and willfully sought to circumvent U.S. anti-money laundering controls . Further , bank officials engaged in repeated violations of U.S. sanctions , stripping the identifier information from tens of thousands of Iranian transactions valued in the billions . The criminal schemes were allegedly perpetrated over an extended period of time , in some cases spanning 10 years or more . In each case bank employees permitted Iranian USD payments to be cleared through U.S. banks without regard to the ultimate destination of the funds and whether they were intended to finance Iran 's nuclear missile program or support Hezbollah or other terrorist groups . Standard Chartered Bank  SCB  has agreed to pay the New York State Department of Financial Services  DFS  $ 340 million to settle charges that the British bank concealed over $ 250 billion in transactions with Iranian clients and deliberately lied to New York banking regulators . But SCB is not an isolated case . In 2009 , Lloyds Bank and Credit Suisse were fined $ 350 million and $ 536 million , respectively , for allegedly removing or altering information to conceal prohibited transactions with Iranian clients and customers from other sanctioned countries . In 2010 , ABN Amro and Barclays were docked $ 500 million and $ 298 million , respectively , for allegedly committing similar crimes . More : South Korea to investigate StanChart and HSBC Then , this June , ING Bank paid the largest ever fine -- $ 619 million -- against a bank for allegedly moving billions illegally through the U.S. financial system on behalf of Iranian and Cuban clients . A U.S. Senate report in July also implicated HSBC in laundering money for Mexican drug cartels and violating sanctions with Iran . That case is still under investigation and no sanctions have been imposed against the bank . HSBC said in a statement at the time that the bank "  takes compliance with the law , wherever it operates , very seriously . " But rather than provide an answer , the financial fines levied against some of the world 's biggest banks raise disturbing questions about whether the penalties are stiff enough . While five banks have entered into deferred prosecution agreements with the DOJ and agreed to pay fines in the hundreds of millions of dollars , no bank official has been criminally prosecuted and punished . More : StanChart seeks advice over countersuit Why not ? Clearly , bank officials devised and implemented the fraud schemes that resulted in the concealment of tens of thousands of transactions with an aggregate value in the hundreds of billions of dollars involving sanctioned countries , persons , and entities . Further , when bank officials masked the identities of Iranian clients and thwarted American efforts to detect money laundering and terrorist financing , they violated numerous federal laws , including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act , and the wire fraud , bank fraud , money laundering , and RICO statutes . Yet the DOJ has failed to hold bank officials individually liable for their criminal activities . Why are n't bank officials being held criminally accountable ? Perhaps cases such as these are too expensive , time-consuming and difficult to prove for prosecutors . Or maybe the reason we 're not seeing mass indictments of senior bank officials has to do with a fear that such action could result in the target bank suffering devastating economic losses , which would be passed on to innocent shareholders . Does this mean that the potential economic consequences resulting from criminal action could make certain banks "  too big to prosecute " ? Could criminal prosecution of senior bank officials result in the ultimate collapse of the bank ? More : British MPs accuse U.S. of anti-City agenda Regulators may not want to destroy banks through criminal allegations , but the implication that the worst a crime-committing bank will get is a stiff fine is equally ominous . Banks could simply decide to evade sanctions laws and anti-money laundering controls , and factor in the monetary sanction as the mere cost of doing business . In such cases , then , a criminal fine would have limited deterrent value in preventing unlawful conduct . The Department of Justice and federal regulators appear to have adopted the policy : "  impose a fine against the bank but do n't prosecute suspected corrupt bank officials . " If this is the policy the DOJ plans to adopt , then banks will continue to give short shrift to regulations , including the ban on providing financial services to sanctioned countries . If SCB allegedly laundered $ 250 billion for Iranian clients , why did regulators only fine the bank a paltry $ 340 million ? The allegations in the DFS order state that SCB generated hundreds of millions of dollars in fees for processing the Iranian transactions , meaning the SCB could still have profited from its unlawful conduct . The fine is also substantially less than the $ 619 million fine in June against ING Bank , which was charged with less serious crimes . There are a number of possible explanations . Regulators may believe that additional penalties against Standard Chartered are on the horizon from the U.S. Departments of Justice and Treasury , but that outcome is hardly guaranteed . More : StanChart tops cruel summer for banks Perhaps New York regulators were under mounting criticism and pressure from federal authorities for taking unilateral action against SCB and DFS wanted to resolve the case as quickly as possible . Or maybe the DFS sincerely believes that the fine , by itself , constitutes a reasonable penalty against SCB . Ultimately , none of these explanations are satisfying . The DFS leveled extremely serious charges against SCB , referring to the bank as a "  rogue " institution that "  left the U.S. financial system vulnerable to terrorists , weapons dealers , drug kingpins and corrupt regimes . " But the final settlement is inconsistent with and diminishes the gravity of the charges levied against the bank . What are the implications of the unilateral action taken by the DFS against Standard Chartered ? At the very least , it is abundantly clear that the DFS is prepared to act alone when necessary against financial institutions believed to be breaking U.S. economic sanctions law , rather than follow the lead of federal authorities . It also appears the DFS is likely to take a more aggressive posture than their federal counterparts with respect to walking the regulatory line . But the end result remains a mystery . Is the ultimate penalty imposed against offending banks going to be more or less severe than sanctions imposed by the federal authorities ? IS DFS 's bark worse than its bite ? The DFS action against SCB raises many unsettling questions for financial institutions moving forward . In the end , the justice system can not tolerate a dual system of justice , exempting corrupt bank officials from prosecution for fear of negative economic repercussions . No one should be above the law -- even the CEOs and senior bank officials of some of the world 's largest financial institutions . Bank officials who knowingly and wilfully violate the laws enacted to prevent banks from being used to facilitate money laundering , terrorist financing , and financial dealings with rogue regimes should be held accountable and punished to the full extent of the law . That should be the prosecution policy of the U.S. Department of Justice . To do otherwise contributes to an environment of impunity and threatens the integrity of the global financial system .	StanChart just one of several banks charged with laundering Iranian money StanChart agrees to $ 340 million fine , but no criminal charges filed against bank officials Gurule : Failure to prosecute lawbreakers undermines global banking integrity
Beijing  CNN  -- A cold case involving the poisoning of a college sophomore in Beijing almost two decades ago has captured the imagination of Chinese communities around the world , landing a petition on the White House website and igniting an emotional debate on the pursuit of justice in China . Zhu Ling was a chemistry major at the prestigious Tsinghua University , often called "  China 's MIT , " when she started experiencing stomach pain , hair loss and other inexplicable symptoms in late 1994 , state-run news agency Xinhua reported in a story published in April . Doctors eventually diagnosed her with poisoning by thallium , a highly toxic chemical used in rodent and insect poisons . Police investigated one of Zhu 's roommates , Sun Wei , but subsequently cleared her as a suspect , Xinhua said . The authorities have so far remained quiet on the case . Although domestic Chinese media had covered the unsolved mystery in the past , news of a fatal poisoning case at a Shanghai college dorm in April rekindled national -- and even global -- interest in Zhu 's story . In the Shanghai case , police quickly identified the victim 's roommate as the suspect and arrested him for alleged murder . As events unfolded in Shanghai , Chinese reporters and Internet users increasingly looked back at the Zhu case and highlighted her plight . Now almost 40 years old , Zhu remains mostly bed-ridden and appears overweight in recent photos . Once an accomplished musician and avid swimmer , she is practically blind and has the mental capacity of a 6-year-old child . Was investigation botched ? Amid new outpourings of sympathy , speculation on the investigation abounds across Chinese cyberspace . On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter with more than 300 million users , many posts alleged a botched process complete with vanishing crucial evidence and mounting political pressure due to the Sun family 's powerful connections . Sun 's grandfather was a high-ranking official in the Nationalist government before the Communist takeover in 1949 . He later held senior -- though largely symbolic -- positions in the People 's Republic until his death in 1995 . Another close relative , a cousin of Sun 's father , was considered a national leader from 1993 to 2003 when he was a vice-chairman of China 's top political advisory body . Sun has reportedly made three online statements on Tianya , a popular Chinese Internet discussion forum , according to state media . CNN 's efforts to reach Sun and her family Tuesday were unsuccessful . In 2005 , Sun stated that police took her in for questioning in April 1997 because of her access to thallium . She said police cleared her as a suspect in August 1998 due to lack of evidence . Sun added that she was not the only student with access to the toxic substance and denied personal animosity between herself and Zhu . Addressing her family 's political connections , she said her grandfather had died by the time she was questioned . In 2006 , Sun said her family had submitted an application to the police on her behalf requesting the authorities re-open the investigation to "  find the truth . " In April , after the Shanghai poisoning reignited public interest in Zhu 's case , Sun resurfaced on Tianya and wrote : "  I , more than anyone else , would like to bring the real perpetrator to justice . " Online campaign for ` justice ' Last Friday , with discussion on the Zhu case reaching fever pitch , Weibo started censoring the topic by blocking keywords like "  Zhu Ling " and "  thallium . " The site 's action only added fuel to the fire over the continued official silence , especially about whether Sun had any role in the crime . On the same day , a "  Y.Z. " from Miami created a petition on the White House 's official website , naming Sun -- whose English name is Jasmine -- as the prime suspect in the poisoning case and accusing her of committing marriage fraud to enter the United States . The petition calls for the U.S. government to investigate and deport her "  to protect the safety of our citizens . " In less than four days , more than 130,000 people had signed the petition . Anyone can petition the U.S. federal government online to take action on an issue . According to terms posted on the White House website , a petition must reach 100,000 signatures within 30 days to require a response . "  It 's extraordinary to seek another country 's help to address a domestic judicial issue , " Yao Bo , a Beijing-based political commentator , told CNN . "  But if your own government ignores you , I think it 's reasonable to see people feel compelled to seek outside pressure to ensure judicial fairness and transparency in their own country . " Other observers oppose what they view as a cyber witch-hunt for Sun . "  The law is about evidence -- you ca n't convict someone without evidence and not everything is a conspiracy , " a U.S.-based user wrote on his Weibo page . "  Petitioning the White House without evidence is the ultimate fail -- those people really do n't understand the law or American politics . " Zhu 's mother speaks out Weibo has lifted its short-lived ban on the discussion of the Zhu case , as her 72-year-old mother was interviewed by a talk show host on China National Radio on Monday Recounting her experience of being stonewalled by the police over the years , Zhu Mingxin said the government has rejected the family 's request to make the investigation results public . "  I will continue to apply , " she said . "  I hope to have an answer . I hope to give Zhu Ling an answer . " "  Zhu Ling is my child and she is a good child , " she added . "  In the prime of her youth , she almost lost her life and she 's been miserable since . I hate the perpetrator . " Such heart-wrenching words have resonated with the public , prompting many of the so-called "  Weibo stars " with millions of followers to retweet Zhu 's story and appeal for help . Websites set up by Zhu 's supporters home and abroad are attracting new donations for her parents , whose entire lives now focus on caring for their ailing daughter . Will public attention bring action ? Even the official Xinhua news agency has jumped into the fray , mentioning Sun 's "  unusual family background " and challenging the police to speak up about the case with concrete evidence in a widely circulated article published Monday . "  Whether or not to re-open the investigation depends on new evidence , but the Beijing police should take a meaningful step forward by breaking their silence , " opined the Southern Metropolitan Daily newspaper on its official Weibo page . "  Doing so would help not only the victim but also the alleged suspect as well as the police 's own credibility . " "  In the past few years , people have seen too much injustice in stories posted online -- and the political power 's wanton interference in the judicial system , " said Yao , the commentator . "  Things just erupted when Zhu 's case resurfaced . " For Zhu 's parents , however , the latest wave of public attention changes little for their daughter . "  I used to hope for a miracle , " Zhu 's mother said on the radio show . "  Now that it 's been so long , I just hope to see her conditions improve . "	Zhu Ling was studying at Tsinghua University in 1994 when she was poisoned Now almost 40 years old , Zhu is mostly bed-ridden and is practically blind Suspicion turned to her roommate who was n't charged due to lack of evidence A petition to the White House urges U.S. officials to investigate the case
CNN  -- If you 've spent any time at all following the Israeli-Palestinian conflict these past few years , you 've probably run into a lot of bad news . But what if there were another type of story about Palestinians and Israelis that you were n't being told ? What if beyond the bloodshed , hostility and extremism , there were also hopeful examples of Palestinian and Israeli civilians leading effective nonviolent movements to end the occupation and build peace ? The fact is that plenty of these inspiring examples exist , but the world , and specifically the major media outlets covering the conflict , have yet to give them proper attention . This is problematic on two counts : First , it gives anyone following the conflict a false and dangerous impression that there is no hope , and that extremists on both sides far outnumber moderates who are willing to work toward a peaceful solution . Second , and more important , it deprives those courageous individuals who choose nonviolence of the attention they so urgently need in order to grow and spread their message . Violence and nonviolence are , after all , two different forms of theater . They both depend and thrive on the response of an audience . TED.com : Jeremy Gilley 's plan for "  One day of peace " If we , as a global audience , focus solely on violence and militarism , we reinforce the notion that they are the most effective form of action . On the other hand , if we pay more attention to nonviolent or unarmed efforts , we strengthen the legitimacy and influence of those choosing to use these means . This is why at Just Vision , our mission is to create and distribute media , including documentary films , that tell the stories of Israelis and Palestinians working nonviolently to resolve the conflict and end the occupation . We also provide in-depth introductions to these visionaries by publishing new interviews with them on our website every few days . By providing these resources to millions worldwide , we ensure that those who promote nonviolence have an effective platform through which they can share their accomplishments and ideas with their own societies and others around the globe . Our latest documentary film , "  Budrus , " tells the story of a Palestinian community organizer who successfully unites Palestinians of all political factions together with Israeli supporters in an unarmed movement to save his village from destruction by Israel 's Separation Barrier . The film shows how , for 10 months , the residents of Budrus and their supporters engaged in unarmed protest , and how they ultimately triumphed by convincing the Israeli army to shift the course of the barrier and saving their village . Since its release , "  Budrus " has been seen by hundreds of thousands around the world , and it will be made available to millions more on September 21 , the International Day of Peace , when it will be broadcast online for free . Many of the Palestinians and Israelis who have seen "  Budrus " have come away both surprised and hopeful : surprised to learn that a nonviolent movement they had never heard of existed on their doorstep , and hopeful that this might be a model that could inspire others in their community to take similar action . TED.com : Jody Williams ' realistic vision for peace Though it is just one film , "  Budrus " has already begun to change the conversation on the role and impact of nonviolence in Palestinian and Israeli society . The lessons of Budrus and the dozens of other nonviolent initiatives we follow resonate even more loudly when considering recent historical examples . Looking back at some of the great influential social movements of the past few decades , whether it 's the civil rights movement in the United States , the global feminist movement or the recent Arab Spring , some of the biggest positive changes to our societies have come from grassroots nonviolent activism , not the actions of governments or armed campaigns . Given the proper stage , these movements proved that civil disobedience and peaceful protest could be more moving , more captivating and ultimately more influential than the use of lethal force . Yet , if no one had paid attention to those first students sitting in at the lunch counters in North Carolina , or to the desperate plea of a young Tunisian vegetable salesman , who can say where those movements would be today ? Where we choose to direct our attention matters . And in the case of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , this decision can save numerous Israeli and Palestinian lives and help finally bring an end to the bloodshed . Rather than endlessly waiting for new leaders to emerge or conditions to change , it 's time we realized that the solutions to the conflict are being played out every day right in front of us . It 's up to us to notice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julia Bacha .	Julia Bacha : Why do n't we hear the stories of nonviolence from the Israel-Palestinian conflict ? She says the film Budrus tells of Palestinans uniting wth Israeli 's in common cause , nonviolently She says they persuaded Israeli army to shift Separation Barrier 's course , save Budrus village Bacha : People must recognize : Nonviolent protest can be more influential than lethal force
Washington  CNN  -- Less money means less military , the nation 's armed forces chiefs told Congress on Wednesday . The heads of the Army , Navy , Air Force and Marines explained -- again -- to the House Armed Services Committee that their services will be unable to meet their strategic responsibilities if forced budget cuts in coming years take effect as planned . The forced cuts , known in Washington-speak as sequestration , affect the military and other discretionary government spending except for entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . At Wednesday 's hearing , the military chiefs all said sequestration cuts in coming years would leave their forces without the resources needed to fulfill the requirements of the Obama administration 's strategic defense guidance for the military through 2020 . "  These reductions will put at substantial risk our ability to conduct even one sustained major combat operation , " Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno told the panel , adding that it was "  imperative that Congress not implement the tool of sequestration . " Calling himself a realist , Odierno said the end result would be an 18 % cut in total Army forces over seven years . "  There are some who have suggested there will be no land wars in the future , " Odierno said . "  While I wish that were true , unfortunately there is little to convince me that we will not ask our soldiers to deploy again in the future . " Past reductions in military readiness showed that "  the full burden of an unprepared and hollow force will fall directly on the shoulders of our men and women in uniform , " he added . "  We have experienced this too many times in our nation 's history to repeat this egregious error again , " he said . The hearing came amid another budget war in Congress , with threats of a government shutdown in less than two weeks without a compromise . One issue in the budget debate is whether a new spending plan should contain the sequestration cuts forced by a 2011 budget deal . Both Democrats and Republicans say they do n't want sequestration , but they can not agree on a new spending plan . Republicans insist on holding overall spending to the level that included the sequestration cuts , while Democrats generally want to provide some more funding while adjusting spending levels . CNN 's Virginia Nicolaidis contributed to this report .	Army chief says sequestration cuts threaten combat readiness The House Armed Services Committee looks at forced spending cuts Wednesday 's hearing comes as Congress faces another budget showdown
CNN  -- It was Tuesday afternoon when I found a trending article through Digg that seemed to explain why I 'm not reaching my full potential for joy . And mind you , it had nothing to do with Pippa Middleton not returning my calls . Because that would be a very strange article for somebody to write . Dateline : Atlanta . Sad man waits by phone ; needs shower . The article that was actually trending came from LiveScience , and the premise was that morning people are generally happier than night people . Though , as a small victory for us night owls , I would argue that morning people still have to , you know , wake up earlier . The article cites a study published in the June issue of the journal Emotion , which is not to be confused with the journal Emoticon that recently sent shock waves through the tech world when it revealed that chronic overuse of smiley faces may cause dysentery . We 're all going to die .  Apparently on the Oregon Trail . The research presented in Emotion reveals that only 7 % of young adults describe themselves as being morning larks . Conversely , by age 60 most people have lost their affinity for staying up late . Basically , it 's Leno and then to bed . But the common thread among both the older and younger subjects was that , regardless of age , morning people responded as being happier . And night people responded as having seen every single episode ever of "  Law and Order . " Advantage : Night people . The most interesting finding , however , is that just being awake early and seeing the morning sun is n't what actually makes people happy . Even my dog knows that if you get out of bed before , say , noon you 're going to have a bad time . And this is a dog who spends the bulk of his waking hours blissfully licking his crotch . Study researcher Renee Biss , a graduate student at the University of Toronto , said one of the reasons morning people may be happier is because they tend not to suffer from social jet lag . Biss said , "  Society 's expectations are far more organized around a morning-type person 's schedule . " Apparently society 's expectations do n't include midnight ping pong . The article suggests hacking your sleep schedule , and Biss said , "  One way to do it is to increase your natural light exposure early in the morning . " Sadly , the light from my iPhone does n't count . At least not when I play Angry Birds in bed . I did , however , find an app called Pocket UV Light and tested it out on my co-worker . "  Do you feel happier ? " "  No . " "  What about now ? " "  No . " "  What about now ? " "  Do n't you ever do work ? " "  No . What about now ? " So that was 99 cents I 'll never see again . Still , I was determined to find something that could provide natural light without actually having to get up and face the outside world and/or put on pants . As always , when times are tough , I turned to SkyMall . And that 's where I found the Optimal Light Therapy System . For $ 189.95 this device delivers "  the optimal 10,000 lux of therapeutic light to counteract the effects of fatigue , jet lag , and Seasonal Affective Disorder . " I have no idea what a lux is , but I 've always said 10,000 is the optimal number . So , this was promising . This was hope . Perhaps I had finally found my savior . Current savior : Klondike bars . Unfortunately , to reap the benefits of the Optimal Light Therapy System , you have to spend 30 minutes with your face in front of a blinding , bright light . That , they say , will "  block the release of melatonin . " But besides just being kind of weird , it requires , even at a minimum , sitting upright in bed . And that requires not sleeping . So , for now I guess I 'm just going to stay a miserable night owl . At least until Pippa texts me back . Hey , Pipps ! How bout some ping pong ? :- Uh oh . Here comes the dysentery .	In "  Apparently This Matters , " CNN 's Jarrett Bellini looks at trending topics online This week , a story claiming "  morning people " are happier Jarrett , and his dog , beg to differ
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced Saturday that "  most -LSB- Department of Defense -RSB- civilians placed on emergency furlough during the government shutdown will be asked to return to work beginning next week . " Under Secretary of Defense Robert F. Hale said close to 90 % of the 350,000 members of the civilian workforce will be called back . "  My guess is that we will bring most of them back and no more than a few tens of thousands will remain on furlough . And it may be substantially less than that , " said Hale . The ongoing government shutdown left more than 800,000 workers furloughed since Tuesday . Cruz promised Republican victory in shutdown fight Hagel said Pentagon and Department of Justice  DOJ  attorneys concluded that the law allows the DOD to eliminate furloughs for employees whose responsibilities contribute to the morale , well-being , capabilities and readiness of service members . "  We immediately began working with the Department of Justice on how to implement it , " said Hale , "  and the Department expressed the opinion that the law does not permit a blanket recall of all DOD civilians . The Department of Justice did say that we could undertake a careful review of civilians who support members of the armed forces and determine who to recall . Needless to say , this is a difficult process and a very time consuming one . " Hale said officials established a series of categories for civilians who will return to work and those who will not . The first group to return will be "  accepted civilians , the ones that are working right now connected to military operations and the safety of life and property . " Obama blames Boehner for ongoing shutdown "  We will recall a category of civilians who provide ongoing support to military members on an ongoing basis like health care , family programs , training and maintenance and commissaries . We will also recall a second category of civilians whose work , if interrupted by a lapse for a substantial period , could cause future problems for military members . Falling in this category is acquisitions , program oversight , contract logistics , financial management , supply chain management , " said Hale . The group that will not be recalled from furlough includes staff who are "  less directly related to military members , " said Hale . Those that will not be recalled include some of the Information staff , some of the legislative and public affairs staff , the deputy chief management officer staff , auditors and staff working in non-DOD activities . House passes measure to bring military chaplains back to work "  Because of the letter of the law and the advice from the DOJ we had to identify those with the less direct effect on military members , " said Hale . Just hours before the announcement , the House passed a bill providing back pay to federal workers who were furloughed . It 's unclear when the Senate might vote on the bill . On Friday , the White House said the president would sign such a measure . Speaker John Boehner and GOP House leadership held the vote as part of a strategy to pass piecemeal spending legislation that addresses the issues brought up by the shutdown . Although Democrats oppose the incremental approach , saying it amounts to conservatives choosing to fund programs and services they like , the bill passed with strong bipartisan support . Retroactive pay is provided under the bill , but federal workers ca n't expect paychecks until after the government shutdown ends and Congress reaches a resolution on the budget . Hagel 's announcement guarantees that many of the Defense Department workers no longer have to wait on Congress in order to go back to work . Shutdown sidelines U.S. Merchant Marine Academy cadets	Hagel : "  I expect us to be able to significantly reduce -- but not eliminate -- civilian furloughs " Pentagon and Justice Department lawyers consulted on decision , Hagel says Hours earlier , House passed bill to restore back pay to furloughed workers Obama has signaled he would sign such a back-pay measure
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least eight people were killed and thousands displaced after powerful Cyclone Nilam roared into India 's southeastern coast , authorities said Thursday . About 8,000 people in low-lying areas on the coast of Tamil Nadu state were moved to temporary shelters , said Jatindranath Swain , the province 's disaster management commissioner . An oil tanker with 37 people on board got into difficulty as the storm made landfall Wednesday , he said . The high winds and strong waves set the vessel adrift and drove it toward the coast , where it ran aground , Swain said . Naval divers engaged in rescue efforts at the stranded ship , according to Swain , but six crew members remained missing Thursday . The India Meteorological Department said that Nilam crossed the southern coast at 4:30 p.m. Wednesday . It then moved inland and weakened into a deep depression , the agency said . 7 ways to manage stress in a disaster Emergency crews were patrolling vulnerable zones in Tamil Nadu , Swain said . Governments in neighboring Andhra Pradesh state and the federally-administered territory of Puducherry had said they were prepared to deal with Nilam . The national weather department was forecasting heavy rains in parts of Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Puducherry . "  Gale wind-speed reaching 80-90 kph  50-56 mph  gusting to 100 kph  62 mph  would prevail along and off north Tamil Nadu , Puducherry and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coasts during next 24 hours , " it said Wednesday . Weather officials also predicted a storm surge that was likely to inundate low-lying areas , mainly along Tamil Nadu 's coast . Forecasters warned that residents should expect extensive damage to thatched roofs and huts , advising fishermen not to venture into the sea until the storm has passed . Experts warn of superstorm era to come	About 8,000 people in low-lying areas of Tamil Nadu state are relocated Six crew members are missing from an oil tanker that ran aground Cyclone Nilam brings heavy rain and high winds to the region
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- Trapped beneath his collapsed home in Port-au-Prince , rescuers had to amputate Georges Exantus ' right leg in order to free him . He was one of the survivors from Haiti 's January 12 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people . Exantus , 29 , was quickly rushed to a hospital in neighboring Dominican Republic , where he spent over two months recovering . Now , he is waiting at a bus stop in Santo Domingo , heading back to Haiti . Back to uncertainty . Back to zero . "  Staying in the Dominican Republic is not an option , " he said . That 's because the Dominican Republic 's government is forcing Haitian refugees to return home after they have received medical treatment there . But it is unclear where Exantus and others like him will go . It could take more than a decade to rebuild Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince , which was devastated by the 7.0 magnitude temblor . Read more about Haiti 's recovery efforts "  We share one island , but it is probably easier to find refuge for Haitians in France than in the Dominican Republic " , said Hode Hyppolite , a family friend who accompanied Exantus back to Port-au-Prince . Haiti and Dominican Republic are united by geography , sharing the island of Hispaniola , both former sugar colonies under France and Spain respectively . However , Haitians and Dominicans have had tense relations dating back as far as the mid-19th century , when Haiti occupied Dominican Republic for more than 20 years . Following this year 's earthquake , Dominican Republic offered its hospitals and medical services to Haitians . That solidarity gave hope to some Haitians inside the Dominican Republic that their status may change . "  This is a double standard policy : Haitian immigrants are needed in the Dominican Republic but not wanted , " said Bridget Wooding , who analyzes migration on Hispaniola . Dominican Republic has always relied heavily on Haitian workers for its agriculture and construction industries . A flood of Haitian workers poured into the country after the overthrow of Haitian dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier in 1986 . Research conducted before the January 12 quake showed that Haitians made up nearly 80 percent of Dominican Republic 's agricultural labor force , according to the Latin American Faculty of Social Sciences in Santo Domingo and the International Organization for Migration . That is a reverse of the government 's required ratio of 80 percent native workers to 20 percent foreign workers . While there are no official government statistics , analysts estimate that up to one million unauthorized Haitian workers live in Dominican Republic . Although the Dominican Republic 's government says it has beefed up its border security , experts say the border remains porous . "  Daily there are more than 100 trips carried out from the different places -LSB- along the border -RSB- loading Haitian immigrants , " analyst Jose Luis Fernandez said . Fernandez analyzes refugee and immigration patterns for the Jesuit Refugee Services in Dajabon , Dominican Republic , on the border with Haiti . There are no exact figures , but based on his observations , Fernandez believes the number of illegal Haitian workers has quadrupled since the January 12 quake . Marie Noel , a Haitian who gives massages to tourists at the Boca Chica beach near Santo Domingo , knows how easy it is to cross . "  You pay 5,000 Pesos -LSB- around $ 140 -RSB- to an agent and if you have problems at the border you pay a little extra , " she explained . Many Haitians usually arrive in the Dominican Republic to work on the sugar plantations for about $ 2 a day . Like most illegal immigrants with no papers , they face discrimination and live in constant fear of deportation . Amy Serrano has documented the labor conditions of Haitians and their children in Dominican sugar plants in her 2007 film , "  The Sugar Babies . " "  People who are promised a better life end up on sugar plantations with no identification and no rights , " she said . Further complicating the immigration issue , Dominican Republic 's new constitution took effect just two weeks after the January earthquake . It restricts citizenship for the children of Haitian immigrants . The relationship between Haiti and the Dominican Republic is a "  work in progress , " according to José Achécar , who monitors poverty data for the government in Santo Domingo . "  There is a lot of xenophobia against Haitians , " he said . "  We are like oil and water , we do n't mix . But we may get closer through this catastrophe . We need each other . We share one island . " Those sentiments mean little for Georges Exantus , who had to be lifted onto the bus that took him back to Haiti . "  I want to return to Haiti , it is my home , " he said . "  But there is nothing for me now . "	Haitians still illegally entering Dominican Republic , months after deadly quake One analyst says the number of illegal Haitians has quadrupled Dominican Republic wants all quake survivors to return home after receiving medical care
Athens  CNN  -- Greece handed over the Olympic flame to Britain in an elaborate ceremony Thursday , 71 days before the start of the London 2012 Olympic Games . Following a display by performers representing the high priestesses of ancient Greece , the torch was accepted by Princess Anne , the British Olympic Association president . Crowds gathered despite rainy weather to watch the handover in the Panathenaic Stadium in Athens . It was attended by soccer player David Beckham and London 's recently re-elected mayor , Boris Johnson , as well as five young Britons picked for their commitment to sport . The flame , which has already made a weeklong journey around Greece after being lit at ancient Olympia , birthplace of the Games , will be carried back to the UK by the British delegation on Friday . The 70-day torch relay around Britain starts Saturday in the far southwest of England , in Land 's End , Cornwall . Along its route , which will take in in towns , villages and cities across England , Wales , Scotland and Northern Ireland before reaching London , the torch will pass within 10 miles of 95 % of the UK population . Sebastian Coe , the British Olympian who heads the London 2012 organizing group , said many of the 8,000 torch bearers had inspirational personal stories to share . The torch relay also will tell the story of a "  modern and confident United Kingdom , " he said , ahead of Games that he hopes will unite the world in challenging times . The handover in Athens comes against the backdrop of political and economic turmoil roiling Greece . A temporary Greek government took office Thursday as the country wrestles with a political crisis that sprang from the country 's inability to pay its debts . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The Olympic flame was handed to Britain 's Princess Anne in Athens A 70-day torch relay starts Saturday in Land 's End , Cornwall The flame was lit a week ago in ancient Olympia and has traveled around Greece Celebrity soccer player David Beckham was also present at the handover ceremony
CNN  -- It certainly is n't your average help wanted ad . A publication in Denver , Colorado , is looking for a journalist to review marijuana dispensaries . "  Do you have a medical condition that necessitates marijuana ? Do you have a way with words ? If so , Westword wants you to join the ranks as our freelance marijuana-dispensary reviewer . " The local "  burgeoning medical marijuana scene " in Denver , Colorado , is growing and the weekly publication Westword wants to be on the forefront , said Joe Tone , the paper 's Web editor . "  We want someone who can get in and relay to our readers what it is like inside these dispensaries . " It 's not exactly like a food critic job . The online-only reviewer wo n't be showing up anonymously and sampling the wares . "  They are to review the places , not the weed , " Tone said . "  We ca n't have our reviewer be stoned all the time , " he quipped . But , he said , the ideal applicant should have "  the ability to write and be in the position of holding a state medical marijuana card . " The reviewer , he said , should know his or her way around dispensaries and be "  passionate about the issue of medical marijuana . " Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law -- federal law still bans its use . But this week , the Obama administration announced a new policy loosening the rules regarding prosecuting criminal activity associated with medical marijuana . The Justice Department now says that prosecutors can go after traffickers but not medical marijuana patients and their caregivers . Though Westword is no longer accepting applicants for its dispensary reviewer position , they are actively working through the 120 they received and have culled the list down to under 20 . The applicants run the gamut of 20-something stoners to well-educated engineers in their 50s . Some have even offered to work for free , Tone said , adding "  We wo n't accept that . " The pay is "  meager , " he said , but it 's legitimate .	Weekly publication Westword in Denver , Colorado , marijuana-dispensary reviewer Paper wants to cover "  burgeoning medical marijuana scene " says Web editor Colorado is one of 14 states where medical marijuana is legal by state law Federal law still bans its use
Throngs of demonstrators filled Barcelona 's streets Tuesday in a regional independence protest fueled by Spain 's economic crisis . September 11 is known as Catalonia 's national day , and for years there have been demonstrations pushing for independence in the northeastern region . But Tuesday 's turnout was larger than expected , Spanish newspapers reported . Hours before , Artur Mas , the president of Catalonia 's regional government , attended official ceremonies commemorating the day . Later , he issued a warning : if Spain 's central government in Madrid does n't give the region more control over its tax dollars , independence could be an option . "  If we do not reach a financial agreement with the central government , the path to freedom for Catalonia is open , " he said . Many Catalans complain that Catalonia provides many riches and taxes to the rest of Spain -- more than they owe . Changing this structure and creating a new "  fiscal pact " is a primary goal of Mas ' government . "  If you compare the money we send to Madrid every year and the money we get back from Madrid , there is a difference -- a near difference of $ 20 billion , " Mas told CNN in June . In Madrid , Spanish President Mariano Rajoy has said that what the country needs are n't independence protests , but unity and strength to come out of the economic crisis . Some analysts say Spain 's financial problems have pushed Catalonia to ask for more , now .	Turnout of Tuesday 's protest is larger than expected Spain 's economic crisis fuels demonstrations Catalonia 's regional president pushes for "  fiscal pact " with Madrid
