CNN  -- On Christmas Day last year , Alan Henning was sitting in a brightly lit cafe in southern Turkey , sharing a laugh with his friends before they set off on their journey . Henning , a big-hearted taxi driver from Bolton , northern England , was part of a team of volunteers traveling from Britain to Syria to deliver aid to people in need . Nicknamed "  Gadget " by his peers , Henning was the only non-Muslim in the convoy . He sacrificed Christmas , weekends and family time to do his part for those worst hit by Syria 's civil war , and was admired by his fellow volunteers . On Friday , his life of sacrifice ended . A short video released by ISIS showed the apparent beheading of Henning . Before he was killed , Henning spoke to the camera , referencing the British Parliament 's decision to join the bombing campaign against ISIS . At the end of the video , ISIS shows an American aid worker , Peter Kassig , and threatens his life . Henning , a father of two , had made four trips to the war-torn country . While part of the aid convoy stopped at the Turkish border , Henning was part of a much smaller group that volunteered to press ahead into Syria . In video shot that day , he explained part of his rationale for answering the call to help . "  It 's all worthwhile when you see what is needed actually gets where it needs to go , " he said , before hugging a colleague . Henning was kidnapped by ISIS a day after the video was made . His colleagues remembered why he came to Syria . "  Alan was moved by the suffering of the Syrian people , in particular the children , " his colleague Abu Abdullah said in a YouTube plea to his colleague 's captors . His wife made a public plea for ISIS to spare his life . Barbara Henning 's pleas were joined by voices of Muslim leaders around the world . They included Shaykh Haitham Al Haddad , a judge on the Shariah Council in London , who said that "  whatever your grievance with American or British foreign policy , executing this man is not the answer . " CNN 's Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	British taxi driver Alan Henning was delivering aid to Syria when he was abducted His peers nicknamed the father of two "  Gadget " His wife and friends appealed to ISIS to spare Henning 's life
CNN  -- Ousted ex-Honduran President Manuel Zelaya inked an accord Sunday with the country 's current president that will allow him to return to Honduras after almost two years in exile , officials said . The deal , which was brokered by the Colombian and Venezuelan governments , was signed in Cartagena , Colombia , by Zelaya and Honduran President Porfirio Lobo . It allows Zelaya and his allies to return to Honduras and helps clear the way for the country to rejoin the Organization of American States . Zelaya and his supporters will also be permitted to participate in Honduran politics . Zelaya was overthrown in a military-led coup June 28 , 2009 , and flown into exile . He sneaked back into Honduras in September of that year and got refuge in the Brazilian Embassy , where he remained until Lobo arranged for Zelaya to get safe passage out of the country . "  This agreement is great news to Latin Americans because it normalizes the situation in the Inter-American system , " Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said in a statement soon after the deal was signed . He said he expects the OAS to act soon to welcome Honduras back into the fold . Honduras has been excluded from the regional body since the coup , in part because Zelaya had not been allowed to return home without fear of prosecution . He faced corruption charges , which were dropped this month . The de facto government that replaced Zelaya was eventually replaced by the elected government of Lobo . But because the election happened under the rule of the de facto forces , some countries have not recognized the election results . Many countries , including the United States , have recognized the Lobo government , while others , such as Brazil , have not . Zelaya 's expected return to Honduras should help further reintegrate Honduras into the international community . "  Now that the obstacles to former President Zelaya 's return to Honduras have been removed , I am confident that we will soon welcome Honduras back as a full member of the inter-American system , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a speech this month . "  That is a step that is long overdue . " CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	The deal helps clear the way for Honduras to rejoin the Organization of American States It was brokered by the Colombian and Venezuelan governments and signed in Colombia The accord also allows allies of ousted ex-President Manuel Zelaya to return to Honduras Zelaya was deposed in a coup nearly two years ago
Orlando  CNN  -- The judge handling the defamation lawsuit against Casey Anthony has stepped away from the case , leaving open the question of whether the Orlando woman will have to submit to a formal interview by her accuser 's lawyers just days after leaving jail . Judge Jose Rodriguez , after a 14 minute sidebar , announced without explanation that the case would be assigned to another judge . A new judge , Lisa Munyon , was assigned to the case later Friday morning . She was expected to hold another hearing Friday afternoon . Anthony , 25 , is being sued in civil court by a woman named Zenaida Fernandez Gonzalez . Anthony told investigators that was the name of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee 's nanny , and that the woman had taken the girl and disappeared . Investigators were never able to find evidence such a woman existed , but were able to find Gonzalez , who denied knowing Anthony or her daughter . Gonzalez said Anthony 's accusations turned her life upside down and led to death threats against her and her children . Two-year-old Caylee 's remains were found in a wooded field not far from the Anthony 's home . Anthony was acquitted July 5 of murder and child neglect charges in her daughter 's death . The jury did convict her of lying to investigators and she is expected to be released from jail on Sunday . The lawsuit is separate from those charges . Lawyers for Gonzalez want Anthony to answer their questions in a deposition on Tuesday . In seeking an emergency order forcing her to attend , they wrote that they expect her to leave the Orlando area and change her name , making it impossible to interview her . After the abbreviated morning hearing , Gonzalez attorney Keither Mitnik said there 's no reason the deposition should not go on as scheduled . "  She 's under subpoena , there 's no protective order , " he said . "  She better have her behind in that deposition . " But Anthony 's attorney in the civil case , Charles Greene , said she ca n't be forced to sit for a deposition so soon after a trial that left her "  emotionally and mentally exhausted . " Greene also said he will be in trial on another case that day . If forced to attend the deposition , Greene said Anthony would invoke her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . "  Consequently , the deposition would be nothing more than yet another media spectacle and frenzy , " Greene wrote in court documents .	NEW : A new judge is assigned to the Casey Anthony defamation lawsuit Judge Jose Rodriguez stepped aside Friday morning It 's still unclear whether Anthony will have to attend a deposition Anthony is being sued by a woman with the same name as the nanny she said took her daughter
CNN  -- In his speech about Syria Tuesday night , President Obama tried to make a graceful turn on a fast-moving platform . He wanted to explain to a skeptical public why they should support his plan for a limited military attack on Syria in response to , the administration says , the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But his effort was only mildly successful , restating arguments that will be familiar even to those who have not been paying close attention , but also shining a spotlight on the weaknesses of the administration 's case . In the 36 hours leading up to his speech , the circumstances that would determine that case took several confusing turns . Suddenly , with Syria 's expressed willingness to give up its chemical weapons , a possible diplomatic avenue opened up that might allow the president to claim victory without launching a single missile . But this plan is far from a sure bet and brings problems of its own . This made the president 's job of persuasion even more difficult . The credible threat of force likely opened the tentative diplomatic path , which was opened accidentally when Secretary of State John Kerry made an off-hand suggestion , "  a major goof " in the words of a U.S. official , when he said Assad could avoid U.S. military action if he turned over chemical weapons in a week . "  It ca n't be done , obviously , " he added , showing this was not a serious proposal . But the Russians and the Syrians grabbed on to it and suddenly the picture changed dramatically . Obama still had a speech to make . The remarks were scheduled for the eve of a congressional vote on the president 's pla , a vote in which Obama 's chances did not look good . He asked Congress to hold off on the vote . Still , when he spoke to the people , for most of the address it sounded as if no diplomatic proposal had emerged . He waited until the last part of his remarks to start discussing the possible diplomatic breakthrough , which was a smart move . That entire episode shows the chaos that has reigned as the administration tried to make its case for a military response with strict , self-imposed restrictions .  Obama had to at least appear to have some control of the situation . He was correct to use this time with the American people instead to try to explain to them  and the rest of the world  why the use of chemical weapons in Syria is a threat to everyone , not just the Syrian people . And he was right to try to bolster support for American intervention . The threat is the only thing that can move a ruthless dictator , because in the end , it is very possible that the plan to dismantle Syrian chemical weapons could fall apart . The task is enormously difficult , dangerous and expensive . Experts say it could take years under the best of circumstances to get rid of what is one of the world 's biggest stockpiles . Doing it in the middle of a civil war could , in fact , prove impossible . Obama knows that Russia and Syria , whose paramount goal is the survival of the Assad regime , may be playing for time . Assad has watched Iran game the international community with years of inspections and negotiations without stopping its own program of banned weapons . The president once again appealed to our shared humanity as well as national security and international stability . He urged Americans to look at the wrenching videos showing rows and rows of dead children wrapped in white shrouds , among the more than 1,400 victims of the Aug. 21 gas attack . The arguments are valid , but there 's much in the administration 's logic that is deeply disturbing . The Syrian conflict is -- we must always remember this -- a moral issue , a matter of profound human suffering . When the president describes the brutality of the Assad regime but then goes on to say the regime can stay in power , its claim to the moral high ground is weak . When Obama speaks of the devastating images of innocent children dying before their helpless parents , and when he says "  When dictators commit atrocities they rely on the world to look the other way , " it is disingenuous to say we must not look the other way when chemical weapons are used , but killing by conventional means is really not our problem . Like everything else about the Syrian conflict , the Russian proposal is far from the ideal option . It legitimizes Assad 's rule , it betrays the hopes of the Syrian opposition and it fails to punish the regime for war crimes . It may leave America with all sides in Syria feeling angry and betrayed , as in Egypt . It strengthens Assad and Putin . That said , if it removes Syria 's chemical weapons , it will in fact protect the "  red line " Obama had set , showing that chemical weapons use triggers international consequences . The president and his secretary of state have been making the case that Assad 's capabilities must be degraded , that the more moderate among the rebels need Western support , that failure to help them will make the extremists in the opposition attract more support . That remains true . The diplomatic proposal saved Obama from the immediate threat of failure in Congress and may just keep him out of the conflict . The president 's ambivalence about entering has been palpable . He is probably relieved about an opportunity to move in a different direction . So far , Obama 's march to non-war in Syria has been marked by failures of persuasion and of process . Whatever happens next , there is no question that the suffering of the Syrian people will not end any time soon and that Syria will continue to be a daunting problem for President Obama . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Obama went into speech with Syria situation in new flux ; was mildly successful She says he saved talk of diplomatic plan till after he described gassing of kids She says this because clearing Syria 's chemical weapons could fall through , as Assad buys time Ghitis : If diplomacy restores "  red line , " Obama 's threat will show threat of consequences matters
It just took a little push to topple the delicately perched boulder -- millions of years in the making -- in Utah 's Goblin Valley State Park . Then the man who did it laughed , high-fived his son , and flexed his muscles while being cheered on by a fellow Boy Scout leader . He is not likely celebrating now , nor is his friend who videotaped then publicized the episode , after both were charged Friday with third-degree felonies . Glenn Taylor , who pushed over the rock , and the cameraman , David Hall , face charges of criminal mischief and are accused of intentionally damaging , defacing and destroying property , according to the charging document . Neither man could be reached by CNN on Friday for comment on the charges . But both have previously defended their actions in interviews with CNN affiliate KUTV , saying they had done a good thing by pushing over a precarious rock that could have otherwise fallen on a passer-by . "  That was n't going to last very long at all , " Hall has said , saying then he would "  absolutely " support doing it again . "  One gust of wind and a family 's dead . " ` We have now modified Goblin Valley ' The men likely would n't have been charged if not for the Internet -- specifically , the video Hall shot inside the sparse state park and posted to YouTube , then linked up on Facebook . In it , Taylor is seen behind one of the many unique , ancient rocks in the park , his arm outstretched . "  Wiggle it , just a little bit , " sang Hall , the cameraman , mimicking a pop song . Soon after , Hall yells out "  boom " then "  yeah " as the rock tumbles down . "  We have now modified Goblin Valley , " the cameraman jokes , crediting "  muscles over here . " "  Some little kid was about to walk down here and die , and Glenn saved his life by getting the boulder out of the way . It 's all about saving lives here at Goblin Valley . " Authorities , apparently , did n't get the joke or appreciate the life-saving intentions . In the days after the incident went viral , park officials suggested the men broke the law by defacing a state park . Jeff Rasmussen , the deputy director of Utah State Parks and Recreation , said that in his 22 years on the job he had n't heard of any goblins -- the moniker for the distinctive rock formation that Taylor toppled -- rolling off their pedestals . "  Obviously , we 're very concerned and upset that somebody would come and destroy this natural wonder that took millions of years to be formed , " Rasmussen told KUTV . Strong reaction to video online This was n't just any old rock . Created over millions of years by windblown dust and moving water , the distinct boulder that Taylor toppled had been perched gracefully atop a slender rock pedestal . It was one of thousands dotting the southern Utah valley , surrounded by a wall of eroded sandstone cliffs . In mid-October , Taylor and Hall were among those leading a Boy Scout group through the distinctive park that is touted online as "  a showcase of geologic history . " Hall told KUTV that the men did what they did because the boulder in question seemed unstable . The man who did the pushing , Taylor , admitted regretfully to the same station that he wished they 'd alerted a park ranger about the perceived danger because "  it was wrong of us to be vigilantes . " At the same time , he defended their intent . "  We thought we were doing a good deed , " Taylor said . It 's not just the "  deed " but the celebration that bothered Eugene Swalberg , a Utah State Parks official . "  It gives you a pit in your stomach , " Swalberg told CNN last fall . "  There seems to be a lot of happiness and joy with the individuals doing this , and it 's not right . This is not what you do at a natural scenic area . " The Boy Scouts apparently were n't fond of what happened either . The National Boy Scouts of America and the organization 's Utah National Parks Council issued almost simultaneous , similar statements in October dismissing those involved not only from their leadership roles but also from the Scouts entirely . Boulder pushers get booted by Boy Scouts Many who saw the video online echoed that disgust , like one with the user name Drc0ffee , who blasted "  idiots pushing meaningless boulders around for a ` good ' reason or just for s **** and jiggles . " But the boulder busters got support , too , from some who agreed it appeared to be a safety hazard . Others were indifferent , like Alex Milburn . "  It 's a rock , " he said . "  Why is everyone freaking out ? "	Glenn Taylor and David Hall face felony charges of criminal mischief Taylor pushed over an ancient rock at a Utah park while Hall cheered him on The men have said they felt the rock was unstable , could have hurt others But others have blasted their action and playful celebration afterward
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An American soldier went on a house-to-house shooting spree in two villages in southern Afghanistan early Sunday , Afghan officials said , killing 16 people in what Afghanistan 's president called an "  unforgivable " crime . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said the soldier acted alone and turned himself in after opening fire on civilians . U.S. President Barack Obama called the killings "  tragic and shocking , " and offered his condolences to the Afghan people in a phone call to his counterpart in Kabul , Hamid Karzai , the White House said . But the attack is likely to further more anger at international forces following deadly riots over the burning of Qurans by U.S. troops . "  The Afghan people can withstand a lot of pain , " Prince Ali Seraj , the head of the National Coalition for Dialogue with the Tribes of Afghanistan , told CNN . "  They can withstand collateral damage . They can withstand night raids . But murder is something that they totally abhor , and when that happens , they really want justice . " In a statement issued by his office , Karzai said the killings took place in the district of Panjwai , about 25 km  15 miles  southwest of Kandahar , southern Afghanistan 's major city . Haji Agha Lali , a member of the provincial council , told CNN the soldier had attacked four houses in two nearby villages . "  We call this an intentional act , " Karzai said . He said the dead included four men , three women and nine children , calling the killings "  acts of terror and unforgivable . " Another five people were wounded , he said . Capt. Justin Brockhoff , an ISAF spokesman , said the wounded Afghans were being treated in ISAF facilities . The allied command did not give its own estimate of casualties . Brockhoff said officials do not yet have a motive for the shooting , which is under investigation by both NATO and Afghan officials . And Maj. Jason Waggoner , another ISAF spokesman , said the soldier "  was acting on his own . " There were no military operations in the area , either on the ground or in the air , at the time , according to two senior ISAF officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation . They said only one soldier , an Army staff sergeant , is believed to have been involved . A U.S. military official told CNN later Sunday that the suspect is from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state . The official said the soldier is assigned to a Special Forces unit . A third ISAF official said Afghan troops spotted the soldier leaving his combat outpost around 3 a.m. Sunday and notified their American counterparts . The U.S. military did an immediate headcount , found the soldier was missing and dispatched a patrol to go look for him , the official said . The officials said they have no knowledge at this point whether he had any previous medical or mental health issues in his record . The patrol met him as he returned and took him into custody . He said nothing , and it was unclear whether they knew what had happened , the official said . "  We do n't know what motivated this individual , and we 're not sure where this is going to take us , " Capt. John Kirby , an ISAF spokesman , told CNN . But he said ISAF 's commander , Gen. John Allen , "  has made it clear this investigation is going to be thorough . It 's going to be done rapidly , in an expeditious way , and we 're going to hold the perpetrator of these attacks to account . " The news brought a wave of condemnations from top American officials . In a statement issued by the White House , Obama said the U.S. military will "  get the facts as quickly as possible and to hold accountable anyone responsible . " White House response to shooting spree "  I am deeply saddened by the reported killing and wounding of Afghan civilians . I offer my condolences to the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives , and to the people of Afghanistan , who have endured too much violence and suffering , " Obama said . "  This incident is tragic and shocking , and does not represent the exceptional character of our military and the respect that the United States has for the people of Afghanistan . " In a separate statement , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said he was "  shocked and saddened " by the attack and said the suspect was "  clearly acting outside his chain of command . " Allen called the killings "  deeply appalling , " and acting U.S. Ambassador James Cunningham said his country was "  saddened by this violent act against our Afghan friends . " "  We deplore any attack by a member of the U.S. Armed Forces against innocent civilians , " he said in a video statement , assuring "  the people of Afghanistan that the individual or individuals responsible for this terrible act will be identified and brought to justice . " But Seraj , a member of Afghanistan 's former royal family , said the killings are likely to play into the hands of the Taliban , the Islamic fundamentalist movement that has battled the U.S.-led coalition for a decade . "  They are really going to milk this for all it 's worth , " Seraj said , adding , "  This is playing right into their program of psychological warfare against the Afghan people . " The Taliban has already said that the deaths were the result of a night raid by several soldiers and put the death toll at 50 , but it regularly exaggerates casualty figures . Seraj called for a joint U.S.-Afghan investigation into the killings , saying Afghans will want to see "  quick and decisive justice . " "  We can not whitewash this and get this young man out of Afghanistan and send him back to the United States . That is the worst thing we can do at this time , " he said . And he questioned how the soldier left his post in the pre-dawn hours , adding , "  I know the Kandahar base . A fly can not get in without being searched . " Kandahar and the surrounding region is the home of the Taliban , and eight of the 69 coalition troops killed in Afghanistan so far this year died in the province . But Kirby said the area has been "  a big success story " for the allied campaign , and he said Allen has made clear that the coalition strategy wo n't be affected by Sunday 's killings . "  As tragic as this incident is , it would be a larger tragedy to affect the mission at large and what we 're trying to do for the country , " he said . "  We 're going to continue to be out there among the populace , " he added . "  We 're going to continue to try to beat back this insurgency . " Taliban link attack to Quran burning The United States and its allies invaded Afghanistan in 2001 , following al Qaeda 's terrorist attacks on New York and Washington that killed nearly 3,000 people . The invasion quickly toppled the Taliban , which ruled most of Afghanistan and had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory . But the militia soon regrouped and launched an insurgent campaign against the allied forces and a new government led by Karzai . The No. 1 U.S. target in the conflict , al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden , was killed in a commando raid in neighboring Pakistan in May 2011 . American and allied combat troops are scheduled to leave Afghanistan by 2014 , and Karzai has been increasingly critical of the allied force . Tensions ramped up dramatically in February , after a group of U.S. soldiers burned copies of the Quran , Islam 's holy book , that had been seized from inmates at the American-run prison at Bagram Air Base . American officials from Obama down called the burning an accident and apologized for it , but riots left dozens dead , including six American troops . Hundreds more Afghans were wounded . The war has cost the lives of nearly 1,900 Americans and just under 1,000 more allied troops to date . CNN 's Samira Jafari , Claudia Dominguez , Ruhullah Khapalwak , Barbara Starr and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : A military official says the suspect is from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state Afghan troops spotted the soldier leaving his outpost , ISAF officials say "  We call this an intentional act , " Karzai says Obama offers sympathy for "  tragic and shocking " killings
CNN  "  Do n't be all Mariah " a deep Irish brogue calls out from behind a large piano . Inside the Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in downtown Atlanta , the 17 members of the Atlanta Homeward Choir have vocal cords that are perhaps a bit too eager to express themselves . So Donal Noonan , the church 's music director , has to tell them to temper their tone a bit . Smiling is n't something the men are accustomed to . The members of this choir are homeless . Many have struggled with drug and alcohol addiction . Noonan founded the group in November 2013 after being moved by what he saw on his morning commute through downtown streets : "  These folks were just sitting there waiting for something , and what that was it was almost like they were waiting for a bus , but the bus came and went and they were still on the wall . " The native of Kilcock , Ireland , thought about how to help , and came to the realization that music was his biggest gift to share . An idea was born . He went inside a night shelter next to his job , to find members for his choir . Seven men with limited musical experience stepped forward for the first season . They now have expanded to 17 members , and have performed around the Atlanta area , including at city hall . Noonan says the choir gives the men a gift to help get themselves off the streets : "  Confidence , self-worth , being part of a community again . " He adds : "  It gives you the power , the empowerment to say : "  You know what I 'm worth a lot more than what 's happening right now . " Marvin Coine , one of the first choir members , has seen some of that empowerment touch his own life . He was on the streets for two years , having to sleep under bridges before a shelter took him in . Coine is very frank about his prospects if he had n't found the Atlanta Homeward Choir : "  I 'd still be on the streets , I 'd still be walking up and down the street trying to do something . " He was offered a job by someone that came to see a performance . He now has a steady income and is able to provide for his 14-year-old daughter . Audience member Martin McGrail , who calls the choir 's music "  true art , " says seeing Atlanta Homeward makes him want to make a difference against homelessness . "  We have to say to ourselves that there 's got to be a solution that does n't involve people freezing in the streets in the winter , it 's just unacceptable in a modern society , " he says . Besides concerts , the choir rehearses twice a week . Noonan walks the men back to the shelter after each practice . "  It really does break my heart that when I say goodbye to these guys in the evenings , that they do n't have a home to go to , " Noonan says . "  I get to go home , but they do n't get to go home . " But amidst the heartbreak , there are also moments to celebrate . As rehearsal begins to wind down , a choir member has been given a solo in one of the performances . Noonan changes his tune : Now , he says with a smile , "  You can be all Mariah . "	Donal Noonan started the Atlanta Homeward Choir , made up of homeless men Noonan 's vision : Using his passion for music to show homeless they do n't have to be hopeless Marvin Coine , one of the first choir members , was offered a job by someone who saw him performing Noonan says choir gives members "  confidence , self-worth , being part of a community again "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea downplayed North Korea 's decision to not follow through on threatened retaliation to its live-fire military drill this week as political maneuvering , according to a key South Korean military official . Seoul is working to adjust its security approach , believing that North Korea might launch less conventional attacks -- including possible terrorist strikes on large civilian gatherings , according to the South Korean government official . South Korea might also strengthen its intelligence capability , the official said , calling it increasingly crucial to its defense . The South Korean live-fire naval drill ended peacefully Monday after an hour and 34 minutes . After once threatening the exercise could spur a war , North Korean military leaders said retaliation was n't necessary but issued a stern warning to South Korea and the United States , according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . The key South Korean government official dismissed North Korea 's lack of military response as a calculated political decision to build goodwill with China , Russia and other allies . In recent days , the North agreed to allow U.N. inspectors access to its uranium-enrichment facility and take other steps that could defuse tension if implemented , including consideration of the formation of a military commission between North Korea , South Korea and the United States . Those steps generated at least the possibility of rare optimism on the Korean peninsula , which has been gripped by anxiety since the sinking of a South Korean warship killed 46 sailors in March . Tensions rose higher last month , when North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong Island , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . The North has accused the South of provoking the Yeonpyeong attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . The latest developments in North Korea came amid a visit to North Korea by Bill Richardson , the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations and current governor of New Mexico . Richardson was acting as a private citizen and not a U.S. envoy "  Maybe we had a little impact with them , " he said Monday of the North Korean leaders . But the South Korean government official viewed Richardson 's visit skeptically , saying Pyongyang took advantage of the governor . Seoul had no official reactions to two proposals -- one to set up a hotline between South and North Korean military leaders and another to have a commission to settle simmering disputes before they flared into full-on military confrontations -- that Richardson said North Korean leaders were receptive to . Still , the fact that Pyongyang agreed to consider engaging in a multilateral dialogue with other nations through the commission is significant , said Han Park , a professor at the University of Georgia 's School of Public and International Affairs and director of the university 's Globis Center for the Study of Global Issues . Dialogue between the North and South alone is "  less desirable , because the two are very highly emotionally charged . It 's like a family feud , if you will , " said Park , a frequent visitor to North Korea who has close , regular contact with high-ranking North Korean officials . That 's why the addition of other nations -- the United States and possibly even China -- is necessary , he said . Park said such a commission would likely discuss one of the most pressing issues -- the boundary in territorial waters . "  I think that will continue to be a source of problems , " Park said . North Korea 's nuclear program might also be discussed , he said . There also was talk about creating a hotline between the two nation 's militaries "  to avert potential crises , " according to a statement from Richardson . But Park noted that hotlines have previously been in place , but when tensions escalate , both sides will cut off the line . Richardson and others emphasized to North Korean leaders that failing to retaliate after the exercise would cast them in a positive light , he said . "  I am encouraged by the news that North Korea will not react militarily to South Korea 's drills , " Richardson said in the statement . "  During my meetings in Pyongyang , I repeatedly pressed North Korea not to retaliate . " Park said he believes that the lack of retaliation by North Korea , while "  a welcome sign , " is a strategic move aimed at good public relations . "  They were taking the high road , so to speak , " he said . "  I think they 're trying to win the hearts and minds of the people in South Korea as well as around the world . " Public relations is "  very high on North Korea 's agenda , " he added . The U.S. State Department welcomed the North 's muted response . "  This is the way countries are supposed to act , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said . "  The South Korean exercise was defensive in nature . The North Koreans were notified in advance . There was no basis for a belligerent response . " Asked whether North Korea could be waiting for its southern neighbor to drop its guard before retaliating , Richardson told CNN that is possible but said he thinks the fact that Pyongyang "  took responsible action " shows they are moving into a new chapter . "  I think they deserve credit for holding back , " he said . "  I think North Korea may be sending a signal that they 're ready to re-engage after having behaved very negatively . " Richardson , accompanied by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , wrapped up a five-day unofficial trip to North Korea this week . The South Korean military remained on high alert after the drill ended and is observing the North carefully , the country 's Joint Chiefs of Staff said Monday . During the drill , fighter jets took to the sky in preparation for possible North Korean retaliation , according to the South Korean defense ministry . The South Korean president 's office defended the drill Monday , saying , "  In a divided country that is militarily pitted against each other , it is natural that as a sovereign country , we will conduct military exercises and defend our territory . " The military exercise took place in waters just south of Yeonpyeong Island . After the drill ended , North Korean state-run media reported why the North did not react militarily : "  The revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  did not feel any need to retaliate against every despicable military provocation like one taking revenge after facing a blow , " KCNA reported North Korean military officials as saying Monday . "  The second and third powerful retaliatory strike to be made by the revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK knowing no limit as declared before the world will lead to blowing up the bases of the U.S. and South Korean puppet warmongers . " North Korean military officials also said the United States and South Korea perpetuated military provocation , "  far from drawing a lesson from the disgraceful defeat they suffered " from the Yeonpyeong shelling , according to KCNA . South Korea has not said whether any additional naval drills are imminent . China 's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations , Wang Min , has reiterated China 's call for both Koreas to return to the negotiating table . China is the isolated North 's sole major ally and provides it with a crucial fuel and food lifeline . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Jiyeon Lee in Seoul ; Richard Roth and Whitney Hurst at the United Nations ; Barbara Starr in Washington ; and Ashley Hayes in Atlanta contributed to this report .	South Korean official calls North Korea 's lack of retaliation "  political posturing " Official says Seoul will adjust its defensive tactics , fearing less conventional attacks North 's consideration of multi-nation dialogue is significant , a professor says North Korea issues stern warning but says retaliation was not necessary
CNN  -- Burkino Faso have been cleared to participate in the Africa Cup of Nations after Namibia 's claims they fielded an ineligible player were thrown out by the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . Namibia claimed that Burkino Faso should have been removed from the tournament -- which pits the continent 's best sides against each other -- because Cameroon-born defender Herve Zengue was n't eligible . They appealed to African soccer 's ruling body , the Confederation of African Football  CAF  , whose decision to dismiss the case has now been upheld by CAS . Burkino Faso won both their matches against Namibia during qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations , with Zengue featuring in both games . He was given a five-year passport from Burkino Faso in March 2011 . CAF threw out Namibia 's appeal on the basis that their protest letter did not meet certain criteria laid down in their regulations and CAS backed their decision . Burkino Faso can now look ahead to taking their place at the tournament in Group B alongside Ivory Coast , Sudan and Angola . This year 's competition will be hosted by Gabon and Equatorial Guinea and starts on January 21 .	Burkino Faso have been cleared to play in the Africa Cup of Nations Namibia had claimed Burkino Faso fielded an ineligible player in qualifying African soccer 's ruling body threw out Namibia 's appeal over Herve Zengue The Court of Arbitration for Sport backed the original decision
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican National Committee Chairman Mike Duncan formally denounced on Thursday the Tennessee Republican Party 's use of Barack Obama 's full name in a recent news release questioning the Illinois senator 's commitment to Israel . "  The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , " Duncan said in a statement . "  We believe this election needs to be about the critical issues confronting our nation . " The statement in question , which was released Monday , said the state party is joining a "  growing chorus of Americans concerned about the future of the nation of Israel ... if Sen. Barack Hussein Obama is elected president of the United States . " It also included a photograph of Obama from a 2006 trip to Kenya , in which he is dressed in traditional attire . The news release was sparked by recent praise for the senator from Nation of Islam Leader Louis Farrakhan , who has made derogatory remarks about Judaism and has indicated his support for Obama . At Tuesday night 's MSNBC debate , Obama said he denounced those comments and did not seek Farrakhan 's support . On Wednesday night , the party removed both the photo and the reference of "  Hussein " from the statement after Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander called to express his belief that using them had become a distraction , Tennessee GOP Communications Director Bill Hobbs said . The news release now includes a clarification that reads , "  This release originally referenced a photo of Sen. Obama and incorrectly termed it to be ` Muslim ' garb . It is , in fact , Somali tribal garb , hence , we have deleted the photo . Also , in order to diffuse attempts by Democrats and the Left to divert attention from the main point of this release -- that Sen. Obama has surrounded himself with advisers and received endorsements from people who are anti-Semitic and anti-Israel -- we have deleted the use of Barack Obama 's middle name . " Hobbs said Thursday that the party will no longer use Obama 's middle name in news releases . "  We 're not going to be using the middle name now , because apparently , it 's become a distraction , " he said . "  But I would note , not too long ago , I saw a wire story out of the Middle East that talked about how a lot of people there are hungry for Obama to win and , in part , because his middle name gives him a connection , and that story used his middle name , so we 're not the first people to notice and use his middle name . " Hobbs denied that the use of Obama 's full name carried any racial overtones but said he was n't surprised the statement has caused such an uproar . "  The left always finds something to pick at other than to describe the issues ; we 're not surprised at all . " The news release , however , drew a sharp rebuke Wednesday from Tennessee Democratic Party Chairman Gray Sasser , who said it "  amplifies misinformation , discredited tall tales and Internet innuendo to appeal to the worst in people . " Though it was issued Monday , the release came under fresh scrutiny Wednesday after conservative talk radio host Bill Cunningham repeatedly used Obama 's full name at a John McCain campaign event in Cincinnati , Ohio , while describing Obama as a "  hack Chicago-style Daley politician " who had yet to be challenged by the media . Watch CNN 's interview with Cunningham " And McCain , who on Tuesday denounced Cunningham 's remarks , also indicated Wednesday evening that he disapproved of the news release . Watch McCain apologize for the remarks " "  This will be a respectful debate , " the Arizona senator said in San Antonio . "  I have pledged if I am able to secure the nomination of my party , it will be a respectful debate ; I will continue to treat Sen. Clinton and Sen. Obama with respect , just as I have treated my primary opponents with great respect . " E-mail to a friend	Committee chairman says statement is "  distraction " from big issues "  The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , " Duncan says News release also included a photograph of Obama in Kenyan garb
CNN  -- Billy Graham is being treated for pneumonia and "  is responding well to antibiotic treatment , " said a pulmonologist at the North Carolina hospital where the evangelist was admitted Wednesday . Dr. Mark Hellreich , who is treating Graham at Mission Hospital in Asheville , said Thursday that the 93-year-old is in stable condition , and a spokesman for Graham said he is in "  good spirits " and resting comfortably . Graham spent time reading the Bible and praying with his daughter , Gigi , Wednesday night , spokesman A. Larry Ross said on Twitter . When Graham was admitted Wednesday for evaluation of his lungs , "  he was alert , smiling and waving at hospital staff , " the hospital said . "  While no date has been set for discharge , Mr. Graham is looking forward to returning home to spend the upcoming Christmas holidays with his family . " Ross said Graham was visited Thursday by his pastor , the Rev. Don Wilton , who shared a passage from the book of Ephesians : "  For this reason , ever since I heard about your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love for all God 's people , I have not stopped giving thanks for you , remembering you in my prayers . " "  Given the outpouring of love and well-wishes Mr. Graham has received from people around the world , the verse seemed to have special meaning to him , " Ross said . Ross said that as Graham and his daughter were channel-surfing to find a news broadcast , they came upon a broadcast of Graham 's 1973 crusade in St. Louis . "  It was a blessing to Mr. Graham to realize his preaching still reaches around the world , " said Ross , "  and even into hospital rooms like his . " Graham was hospitalized in May for treatment of pneumonia . He resumed his ongoing program of physical therapy and normal activity shortly after release , the hospital said . Graham , a resident of nearby Montreat , has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents beginning with Harry S. Truman and is the founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . The Charlotte native has preached to untold millions over six decades , beginning his missionary work in 1944 when he started speaking at rallies for the Youth for Christ Campus Life ministry . Five years later , Graham was holding crusades in tents in downtown Los Angeles . Originally scheduled for three weeks , the crusades drew so many followers they were extended to seven . His most recent book , "  Nearing Home , " was published in October . Graham 's "  last crusade " in June 2005 drew a total of 230,000 people . He described it as his last American crusade , but hedged his farewells during a poignant appearance in Corona Park in Queens , New York . "  We hope to come back again someday , " Graham announced . "  I was asked in an interview if this was our last crusade and I said it probably is -- in New York . But I also said , ' I never say never . ' "	NEW : Billy Graham has pneumonia , according to Mission Hospital in Asheville , N.C. NEW : Graham is stable and "  responding well to antibiotic treatment , " a pulmonologist says The 93-year-old evangelist was admitted to the hospital on Wednesday He is in "  good spirits " and resting comfortably , his spokesman says
CNN  -- Traveling with young children is an imperfect art . Sure , there are urban myths about parents who tour Europe with their silent , serene baby in an organic backpack . But that 's just folklore peddled by luxury retailers selling couture children 's clothing . Real kids are loud , smelly and fidgety . Traveling only ups the ante . Exhibit A : The Brangelina brood traipsing through an airport . If that glamorous couple ca n't mask the hot mess of family travel , what hope is there for the rest of us ? Maybe the answer lies in embracing the messiness . It 's what the Japanese call ` wabi sabi , ' a perspective that celebrates the imperfect , the impermanent and the incomplete . It 's an apt metaphor for modern American family life , especially when you 're planning spring break on the road with young children . Regardless of your destination , there are three critical factors that help soften the sometimes harsh realities of spending quality family time together . The "  Big Three " virtually guarantee a good time for the little ones and relative peace of mind for parents : a hotel with an indoor pool , free breakfast with a do-it-yourself waffle maker and access to OnDemand cartoons . When stripped to these bare essentials , family vacationing morphs from the frenzy of plotting the perfect escape to enjoying a simpler and more satisfying adventure . Who says you ca n't create your best family memories over free food and drink at a hotel happy hour ? Just consider the $ 100 tab to feed a family of four at a big-name amusement park and the beauty of a ` wabi sabi ' vacation comes into clearer focus . The next step to a more mindful -- not to mention budget friendly -- family trip is to look local . Here in the Southeast , Disney World reigns supreme , but there are other regional gems worth a second look . Two to consider are Chattanooga , Tennessee , and Huntsville , Alabama . CHATTANOOGA , Tennessee Scenic City USA Nicknamed the scenic city , Chattanooga , Tennessee , lives up to its billing . Perched invitingly on the banks of the Tennessee River , the city offers abundant natural attractions , including whitewater rafting , hiking and hang gliding . More surprising , perhaps , is Chattanooga 's rich cultural scene , including the Hunter Museum of Art and the historic Bluff View Art District . With literally dozens of attractions packed along the city 's downtown riverfront alone , it 's little wonder Chattanooga was named one of the country 's top places to travel in 2012 by The New York Times . Narrowing down the list of family-friendly attractions can be difficult . Here 's a kid-centered cheat sheet to help : Where to go Creative Discovery Museum . This three-story , hands-on museum will delight young children . Fronted by a 2 Â 1/2 story river-play area , complete with ceiling-high climbing structures , working water cannons and a lock-and-dam system , the museum also houses a series of interactive art , music and theater exhibits . Budding scientists take heart . There 's also an inventor 's clubhouse for aspiring engineers and an excavation station for digging up dinosaur bones . Tennessee Aquarium . Somehow , aquariums just seem better in cities defined by their proximity to water  sorry , Atlanta  , and so it is with Chattanooga 's Tennessee Aquarium . Sure , the kids will love the ocean-themed wing of this double-sided attraction , with its friendly penguins and imposing sharks , but the river-side exhibit is a wonder , too . Giant catfish , river otters and alligators roam the exhibits , offering plenty of opportunities to get lost in the dimly lit corridors of the freshwater building . No matter where you start , there are plenty of spots to dip little fingers in icy water and delight in the slimy creatures that swim by . Ruby Falls . Modern childhood is a torrent of gadgetry and engrossing virtual reality , but at Ruby Falls there are no electronic escapes , there 's something better : marvel-worthy natural wonders . Traveling from Chicago on a recent Disney-bound trip , Yuji Tamura , 32 , was eager to see what he 'd heard described as one of the "  100 things to see before you die . " "  It did n't disappoint , " Tamura said .  His 11-year-old son Christian agreed , although he was n't willing to rate it better than the Magic Kingdom . Still , points for Mother Nature ! Situated 1,120 feet below the surface of Lookout Mountain  think of an inverted Empire State building and you get a sense of the depth  , Ruby Falls is actually a series of caves leading to a stunning 145-foot waterfall named after the wife of Leo Lambert , the chemist and cave enthusiast who made the original 17-hour round-trip trek  mostly wriggling on his stomach  to view the falls . Today , it 's an easy round-trip walk  less than a mile , upright  . One caveat : there are no strollers allowed so be prepared to carry younger kids or distract them by throwing pennies into the countless underground pools along the guided path . Family-friendly restaurants When to go During March and April the city plays host to a spring break safari , with special behind-the-scenes tours such as the keeper kids program at the Tennessee Aquarium and the junior explorer 's scavenger hunt at Rock City gardens . Many local hotels , including the Doubletree and the Chattanoogan , offer spring break promotions that include bundled room and attraction rates through April . In June , families can head to the banks of the Tennessee River for Chattanooga 's nine-day Riverbend music festival . Featuring five stages with more than 100 bands , the festival also has a children 's village , interactive exhibits and marketplace . This year 's headliners include The Band Perry , Eric Church and Lauren Alaina . General admission is $ 40 ; kids 10 and under are free . HUNTSVILLE , Alabama Rocket City is worth the ride What 's more Southern than German rocket scientists and the smell of frying wiener schnitzel ? In Huntsville , Alabama , the answer 's not much . Known as rocket city , modern Huntsville retains its antebellum aura  the National Trust even named it one of America 's "  distinctive destinations "  , but the city 's skyline is defined by the Saturn V rockets developed there in the 1960s . Led by Wernher von Braun and his team of German rocket scientists  spirited into the United States after WWII through a covert CIA effort codenamed "  operation paper clip "  , this team of former Axis-allied scientists paved the way for modern American space flight . Today , their legacy can be felt everywhere from the city 's convention center  named the Von Braun Center  to the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , which Von Braun helped establish . If you 're lucky , museum volunteer Dr. Georg von Tiesenhausen , an original member of Von Braun 's team , will be on hand to provide a firsthand account of the heady days of America 's race to the moon . What to do U.S. Space and Rocket Center . The centerpiece of this sprawling space oasis is the 68,000-square-foot Davidson Center , housing an original Saturn V rocket , an Apollo cockpit trainer and a 67-foot curved-screen IMAX theater featuring five daily showings . Outside , kids can explore numerous rockets up close ; experience a simulated space launch  for those under 54 inches , there 's a mini-version in the cosmos play area  ; and stomp around a faux lunar crater . If you 're planning to make a day of it , pack a lunch and picnic in space shuttle park . The perfect follow-up ? A week spent at the center 's famous space camp . EarlyWorks Children 's History Museum . This charming , mid-sized children 's museum welcomes visitors under a canopy of 8,000 fabric leaves that comprise a sprawling imitation evergreen in the museum 's atrium . Inside , this hands-on learning space is packed with fun features , including a replica blasting exhibit  complete with dry ice  that teaches kids about local mining history ; a 19th-century general store ; and a special space for infants and young children to safely explore . If you have extra energy , the Huntsville Museum of Art is across the street , and kids 6 and under are free . Huntsville Botanical Garden . Located just a mile from the U.S. Space and Rocket Center , this 100-acre natural retreat is a world away from the high-tech wonders of aerospace engineering . Kids will enjoy the two-acre children 's garden and mini-railroad .  The open-air Bridge Street shopping center is also nearby and has a kids ' carousel and gondola rides . Kid-friendly eateries When to go Summer in the south can be brutal , so it 's better to go during the explosion of color that defines Dixie in the springtime . During April , the Huntsville Botanical Garden hosts its annual festival of flowers with thousands of blooming dogwoods and azaleas on display , with average temperatures topping out at just 75 degrees . Another spring standout in Huntsville is the 19th annual NASA Great Moonbuggy Race , April 13-14 , at the Space and Rocket Center . The race pits high school students from around the world against one another in a feat of engineering to see who has the math and science skills to reach the finish line first . No matter where you 're headed this spring break , if you go there in the spirit of wabi sabi family fun you 're guaranteed to find unexpected delights . What 's your approach to family travel ? Has looking past perfection helped your trips ? Share your family travel stories and tips with us in the comments section below .	` Wabi sabi ' travel involves embracing imperfection Adopt that philosophy for a family-friendly trip to Chattanooga and Huntsville From aquariums to space rockets , these southeastern cities have kids covered
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for an early election after failing to agree on a budget with his coalition partners , saying the vote should be held "  as soon as possible " for the good of the country . In a televised announcement Tuesday , Netanyahu said the election was necessary to ensure "  a responsible security and economic policy " in the face of the economic downturn and threats to Israel 's security from Iran and elsewhere . The election will ideally happen in three months ' time , he said , rather than in October 2013 , as originally scheduled . "  It is my obligation as the prime minister to put the national interest above everything else , " Netanyahu said . Read more : Israel eyes Lebanon after drone downed "  So I have decided that it is in the best interest for the state of Israel to go to elections now and as soon as possible . " Read more : Israel 's red line not in line with U.S. view Netanyahu said he had concluded after talks with the heads of the other parties in his coalition that it was not currently possible to pass a "  responsible budget with a long-term outlook " for Israel . "  We are at the start of an election year and I am sorry that during an election year it is difficult for parties to put the national interest above the party interest , " he said . "  The result of this could be the breaking of the budget and a massive increase in the deficit which will force us very quickly into the position of the economies that are disintegrating in Europe . I wo n't let that happen here . " Researchers at the Bank of Israel predicted in September that Israel 's economic growth this year would come in at 3.3 % , versus 3.0 % next year . Inflation through the end of the third quarter of 2013 was forecast to be 2.6 % . According to Israel 's Haaretz newspaper , the planned budget included between 13 and 15 billion shekels in cuts , with wage reductions for public sector workers and infrastructure projects to be slashed . The Jerusalem Post said the proposed cuts totaled between 15 billion and 17 billion shekels . Two coalition partners , the ultra-Orthodox party Shas and Yisrael Beytenu , Avigdor Lieberman 's nationalist party , were against cuts being imposed on lower earners , including young families and families with many children . Defense Minister Ehud Barak , leader of the Independence Party , was against any cuts in the defense budget . Without those three coalition partners on board , Netanyahu had little chance of getting the budget through the Knesset , the Israeli parliament . Netanyahu hopes his right-wing Likud party will come out of the snap election with more seats in the Knesset and a stronger hold on the coalition . The centrist political faction Kadima , led by Shaul Mofaz , may lose out in a new vote . Outlining the security challenges currently facing Israel , Netanyahu said : "  We have to ensure Iran does not get nuclear weapons , guard our borders from terror and migration , to guard the peace agreements with our neighbors , to stand on the vital interests in all future negotiations for peace and to ensure a dynamic and growing economy that will guard the work place for the citizens of Israel . " Iran has repeatedly insisted that its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian energy purposes only . But it has rebuffed demands to halt its production of enriched uranium , and a 2011 report by the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog found "  credible " information that Tehran has carried out work toward nuclear weapons -- including tests of possible bomb components . Speaking before the United Nations General Assembly this year , Netanyahu said time was quickly running out to find a diplomatic solution to the impasse . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Israel needs a "  responsible budget with a long-term outlook , " Netanyahu says A general election should take place as soon as possible , the prime minister says Netanyahu says the election will help Israel face its economic and security challenges Israel was not due to hold elections for another year
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Eric Hahn thought his financial situation was set after he was approved for a private student loan with an 8 percent interest rate to supplement his federal education loans . Eric Hahn , 21 , estimates he will be in debt for the next five to seven years for his undergraduate tuition . Just a few weeks later , Hahn , 21 , was forced to cash in his savings and investments so he could make his rent and tuition after finding out that the lender , MyRichUncle.com , had suspended its private student loan program . "  Due to continued disruptions in the capital markets , combined with the continued demand we have experienced this year , we are reaching funding capacity limits , " a message on his cell phone said , mimicking a statement on the company 's Web site . The sudden news left Hahn , a senior-year finance major , scrambling to find additional funding after maxing out his borrowing options from the federal government . Eventually , the country 's leading student loan provider , Sallie Mae , approved him for a private loan at 12 percent . After he graduates , Hahn estimates it will take him anywhere from five to seven years to repay about $ 30,000 he will have borrowed by then . "  Money is n't cheap , " said Hahn , who transferred to Georgia State University in Atlanta from the University of Connecticut last year because the tuition was less expensive . "  The process is time-consuming , and there 's also the stress of having to liquidate my investments and wonder where I 'm going to find money . " About 8 percent of student borrowers rely on private loans , which tend to be costlier and stricter than federal loans , said Robert Shierman , executive director of the Institute for College Access and Success . In doing so , Hahn and others like him are getting a crash course in market volatility and its effects on the consumer 's ability to find money . Watch how the current economic troubles affect consumers " MyRichUncle.com is the most recent lender to suspend its private student loan program , joining the ranks of major financial institutions like Wachovia and Bank of America and companies specializing in student loans such as College Loan Corporation and Campus Door , which was backed by Lehman Brothers . MyRichUncle 's president and co-founder , Raza Khan , told CNN : "  We are currently working with a number of investors so we can resume loan origination as soon as possible . "  Meanwhile , students and parents should not lose sight of the value of education . Funds do remain available -- we encourage families to do all the homework and research , and to make prudent decisions on borrowing , " he added in a written statement . Since August 2007 , 33 lenders have suspended private loans programs , according to the Web site FinAid.org , which tracks activity in the student loan market . Unlike federal lending programs , private loans rely on liquidity from investors . Even though private loans are considered strong by industry standards , they are feeling the effects of a turbulent capital market . "  The only reason lenders had to stop making the loans was that they ran out of liquidity , " said financial aid expert Mark Kantrowitz , who created FinAid.org . "  It 's a contagion effect of the sub-prime crisis , " said Kantrowitz . "  It 's an overreaction that has affected the student loan market . " With their strong resemblance to consumer loans , where lenders set the terms based on your credit score , financial advisers often recommended private loans as a means of last resort . But with rising tuition and increased enrollment putting a squeeze on the student aid market -- which disbursed about $ 60 billion in federal funds and $ 17 billion in private loans last year -- students are turning to private loans after they 've exhausted all other avenues , or for expenses that federal aid wo n't cover . In response , Congress passed legislation this year to increase the maximum amount of federal loans that students can obtain . "  With federal student loan limits increasing , you can borrow now more than last year , regardless of income , assets , collateral or income , " said Martha Holler , vice president of corporate communications of Sallie Mae . Despite the uncertainty in the capital market , many lenders , including Sallie Mae , are still able to offer private student loans by securing lines of credit and raising liquidity on their own . Holler says other options also exist , from scholarships for skills as random as skateboarding , to tuition payment plans -- an interest-free option that allows borrowers to make payments in monthly installments . But students like Hahn remain on the fringe . Even after being awarded an out-of-state tuition waiver , which lets him pay the same tuition as a resident from Georgia , he says he has borrowed all he can in federal loans . His parents , who are facing their own financial struggles , ca n't co-sign for a loan with a lower interest rate or better terms . Nevertheless , Hahn has accepted his fate . As school begins , he is returning his focus to his studies . "  It 's a pain in the neck , but it is what it is , " he said in a telephone interview in between classes Wednesday . "  The reason this all happened is due to the credit crisis and the housing crisis . So I guess the lesson is do n't hop on what everyone else is doing . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report	Lender My Rich Uncle suspended its private student loan program on Friday The move left Eric Hahn , 21 , scrambling to find alternative funding sources The company says it is working to resume loaning money as soon as possible Financial advisers say investors are pulling out even though loans considered strong
LONDON , England  CNN  -- UK businesses , already hurting from a recession , were counting the cost Monday of the country 's worst snowstorm in almost two decades , as a crippled transport system left commuters stranded , offices semi-deserted and airlines grounded . Pedestrians cross the Thames in front of St Paul 's Cathedral in London 's financial district . At least 20 percent of the workforce nationwide , or 6.4 million employees , failed to make it into work Monday morning , according to an estimate by the Federation of Small Businesses . But the figure was estimated to be far higher -- around 40 percent -- in London and southeast England , which is home to around a fifth of all British businesses . FSB spokesman Stephen Alambritis told CNN the cost of Monday 's disruptions would likely reach # 1.2 billion  $ 1.7 billion  . With further snowfalls forecasted for Tuesday and Wednesday , that figure was likely to rise , he warned "  It 's pretty bad out there and throughout the whole of the UK , " Alambritis said . "  The blow to the economy should be lightened by the fact that people can work via internet and laptops . But what we are seeing is economic activity reduced , contracts not being signed , invoices not being sent out and meetings being canceled . " Douglas McWilliams , Chief Executive of the Centre for Economics and Business Research warned that up to 3,000 businesses could go bankrupt as a result of short-term cashflow problems caused by the weather . "  Many of the businesses that are close to failing are in the retail and construction sectors that are likely to be most affected by the snow and transport disruption , " McWilliams said in a statement . Alambritis said that the disruption would also damage the UK 's reputation as a place to do business and called for the government and local authorities to invest in infrastructural improvements to cope with freak weather . "  It gives the UK a bad name if there 's a bit of snow and the whole economy grounds to a halt , " he said . "  Why is it that in Canada , New Zealand and Scandinavia they have these snowfalls and everything carries on ? " In the City , financial markets were running at 50 percent capacity in early trading with just 120 million shares changing hands by 0910 GMT , according to David Buik of BGC Partners . But a spokesman for the London Stock Exchange told CNN later that trading had not been too badly affected , with most trading automated at the big firms . Airlines were expected to be particularly badly hit with hundreds of flights canceled or severely delayed from airports in the southeast as Heathrow and Stansted were forced to shutdown runways . Budget airline Ryanair , which operates out of Stansted , canceled more than 100 flights and said stranded passengers could book a new flight free of charge . But some businesses were enjoying an unexpected boost from the chaos . With bus and rail links down across London , taxi firms were reporting surging demand . Keith Cain , the control room manager for Dial-a-Cab , the city 's biggest taxi company , said the firm had been receiving more than 5,000 calls an hour , mostly from companies trying to get their employees to their desks . Hotels near Heathrow Airport also reported being overwhelmed by stranded passengers seeking rooms for the night .	UK crippled by heavy snow ; economic cost estimated to reach $ 1.7 billion Around 20 percent of employees failed to make it to work on Monday Figure much higher in London , southeast England , where many businesses based Up to 3,000 firms could go bust because of the bad weather , analysts warn
CNN  -- Reality show star and White House party-crasher Michaele Salahi has been asked to leave the television show "  Celebrity Rehab " because she does not have an addiction , VH1 said in a statement . Salahi 's manager shot back , saying the network knew that all along . Salahi and her husband made news in November 2009 after attending President Barack Obama 's first state dinner without an invitation . VH1 said Tuesday it has canceled her appearance on the show , which chronicles celebrities undergoing treatment for alcohol and drug addictions . "  The treatment program that ` Celebrity Rehab ' documents is intended for individuals with serious substance abuse and addiction issues , " VH1 said in a statement Tuesday night . "  Prior to the taping of the current season , producers were advised that Michaele Salahi met the criteria to be treated in this setting . However , professional assessments spanning from that time to the present , found that she did not meet such criteria . " However , the show knew that in advance , according to Gina Rodriguez , her manager . "  That is the excuse they used . But they knew what it was when they cast her , " Rodriguez said . The Virginia couple slipped through White House security and shook hands with Obama , and had their pictures taken with Vice President Joe Biden and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Salahi has also appeared on "  Real Housewives of DC . " CNN 's Henry Hanks and Denise Quan contributed to this report	The show chronicles celebrities undergoing treatment for alcohol , drugs Michaele Salahi does not have an addiction , VH1 says in a statement She and her husband crashed a White House party in 2009
CNN  -- On the streets of Ferguson , Missouri , support for slain teenager Michael Brown has been overwhelming . On the Internet fundraising site GoFundMe , however , Officer Darren Wilson gets more of the backing . The fundraising effort for Wilson , which began Sunday , had raised more than $ 235,000 from 5,900 donors as of Friday afternoon . That compares with $ 165,000 for Brown 's family that has flowed in over eight days from roughly the same number of contributors into a page on the same site . The sites are peppered with comments that reveal stark contrasts in views . "  My heart breaks at this injustice , " one person wrote on the page set up to raise money for Brown 's family . "  God bless you and keep you as you move forward with your lives ! Thank you for the transparency of where the money will go and how that will be handled . " Another person on that site saw a larger resonance in the killing by a white police officer of an unarmed black teenager . "  I am tired of seeing our children cut down like dogs ... " that person wrote . It 's a different story just a few clicks away . "  I just want him and his family to know how much we care and believe he did the right thing and he is not alone in this , " someone wrote in support of Wilson . "  Every single law enforcement agency in the country should hold a fundraiser or collect $ to donate directly to this officer for his legal expenses , relocation of his family and additional living expenses , " another message said . "  We are all one law enforcement family . " Firm conclusions for the disparity in levels of support for Wilson and Brown 's family were elusive . Where is Darren Wilson ? One limitation of comparing the amount of money raised online is that those figures do not include donations to places that also may be raising money , such as churches , said Stacy Palmer , the editor of the Chronicle of Philanthropy . "  They may be more trusted than some of the other organizations , and in a case as explosive as this , trust is a huge issue , " she said . On Wilson 's side , he is a police officer -- a group known for vigorously taking care of its own . And it would be a mistake to ignore the fact that millions across the country do stand with Wilson and are happy to back him . Another factor that could affect giving : Researchers have found that people are less likely to give to causes where they find the recipients somehow responsible for their plight , said Karen Winterich , an associate professor of marketing at Penn State who has studied why people donate money . On the one hand , that could make people less likely to support Wilson if they conclude that he acted improperly -- some witnesses say he shot and killed Brown even though Brown had his hands raised . On the other hand , it could translate into diminished support for Brown 's family among people who focus on police assertions that Brown stole cigars and roughed up a convenience store employee moments before the shooting , or on reports that say he shoved the officer and wrestled for his gun . Regardless of the reasons , both Palmer and Deborah Small , a marketing professor at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania , said focusing on the donations leaves out a huge part of the story : the direct support for Brown on the street . Protesters have vowed to force change , and some lawmakers have proposed legislation to address some of the issues raised by the shooting . "  Lots of people are supporting Brown in other ways , and these actions may be more useful than donations , " Small said . Lauryn Hill releases song in support of Ferguson Ferguson residents say police have ' a power trip problem '	Supporters of Officer Darren Wilson donate $ 235,000 for him , as of Friday afternoon That compares with $ 165,000 raised for Michael Brown 's family over more time Firm conclusions for the disparity are hard to draw Comments online reflect a variety of views on case
The National Football League Players Association is negotiating a deal with the league to award $ 100 million to Harvard University over 10 years to study and treat players ' injuries and illnesses , according to a proposal obtained by CNN . In the last few years , the perception of a typical NFL player has undergone a subtle shift : from lithe titans performing formidable feats on the field to men who may end their careers broken down , their brains addled by a mysterious concussion-related brain disease . But the real picture of the typical NFL player is much more complex , and the health problems run much deeper than concussion . According to the proposal , the funding would be used to "  diagnose , treat and prevent " players ' injuries and illnesses . "  No one has ever studied these players before , " said Dr. Lee Nadler , dean for clinical and translational research at Harvard Medical School and co-director of the proposed study . "  There have been postmortem studies looking at the brains of previous players but not the players today . " Nadler said that what distinguishes this study is that it will look at the "  whole player across his whole life , not just the brain . " The NFL said it looked forward to learning more about the study and hopes "  it will play an important role in advancing medical science . " "  We have no higher priority than player health and safety at all levels of the game , " it said in a statement . Seau had neurodegenerative brain disease , NIH finds It is not just the brain that may be damaged after a long career on the playing field . By the end of their careers , NFL players may emerge with all sorts of injuries -- chronic pain , arthritis , joints needing replacement , depression , diabetes , heart problems and concussion-related dementia , among others -- so many they have become a cohort ripe for study . "  Every player understands the risks associated with playing football , " said Jason Witten , a tight end with the Dallas Cowboys , in a statement . "  What we 're trying to do as players through this research is to find ways to lead healthier lives . It 's the most important thing we can do off the field . " The proposed research project will be announced at the NFLPA annual Super Bowl press conference on Thursday in New Orleans . Members of the NFLPA say the proposed research is unprecedented in both scope and resources , at least as it relates to NFL player health . If the NFLPA successfully forges this agreement with the NFL , the funding would dwarf a $ 30 million donation made to the National Institutes of Health by the NFL last year . That study has a more specific focus on brain injury . "  We have seen the condition of our players five , 10 , 15 , 20 years after they play , " said George Atallah , a spokesman for the NFLPA . "  Given the scope of health issues that NFL players are subject to , we are committed to making sure that enough money is allocated to get answers . " Atallah added , "  If this was strictly a concussion research program , the right number might not have been $ 100 million . It would have been much less . " Scan may detect signs of NFL players ' brain disease The Harvard proposal focuses on studying a core group of 100 unhealthy players -- both current and retired -- and 100 healthy players . Those two groups will be drawn from an initial larger study group of 1,000 current and former players from across the United States . They will have played diverse positions and will have experienced diverse health problems . The initial group of 1,000 will participate in a series of baseline studies including cardiac function , testing for joint abnormalities and psychosocial tests . The players will also submit exhaustive playing and injury histories , spanning their entire football careers . From those preliminary data will emerge the 100 healthiest and least healthy players , who will then continue testing at Harvard over several years . Nadler said the focus will be on cross-institutional collaboration , with hundreds of scientists at Harvard potentially playing roles in the study . "  When you 're talking about NFL players , you 're talking about people in the 99.99 % of unusual , " said Nadler . "  These are superathletes who have skills that very few people have , and when you put them in extremely emotional and physical situations , those psychosocial stresses and physical stresses integrate . " Questions linger about long-term impact of subtle hits to head How those stresses coalesce and take shape over the course of long careers playing football is what Harvard researchers , and partners from other institutions , will be trying to pinpoint . "  Typically , when we do a test or medical study , we 're taking a snapshot , " said Dr. Herman Taylor , principal investigator of the Jackson Heart Study at the University of Mississippi Medical Center and one of the scientists enlisted from outside Harvard . "  What we want to do is see the full-length movie of what happens to a player over time . "  How is it that two men that play the same position for the same number of years have vastly different lives after playing ? Not everyone suffers from the same types of problems , and not everything can be explained by simple repetitive traumas . " Ideas floated for study include using advanced scanning techniques and genetics to fuel knowledge about who is most at risk for head injury , finding ways to regrow knee ligaments in a lab , identifying injury prevention strategies such as new drugs or new helmets , and addressing ethical issues surrounding player injuries . "  One of the broader aims of the research is conflicts of interest when you have a patient who will do anything to get back on the field and a doctor who works for and is paid by a club , " said Sean Sansiveri , NFLPA staff counsel . The holistic focus of the research does not obviate the importance of concussion , said Sansiveri . Work on concussion will be a major focus , "  but there are a lot of unique issues that our guys face within a unique context ... other ailments and diagnoses that are prevalent in the football population . " Funding for the study will come from the players ' portion of league revenues , currently being negotiated between the NFL and the Players Association . The exact figure to be allocated for the study is still to be determined , according to Atallah , and most likely will not be finalized until after the Super Bowl . The absence of a finalized plan has not stopped the NFLPA from imagining what a successful study could mean , not just for NFL players but for athletes in other sports . "  If this $ 100 million of research would have caused a groundbreaking discovery in one critical area of a player 's life or health , then we would have succeeded , " said Atallah . "  Whether it 's an ACL issue or a mental health issue or a concussion issue , if we find one solution to any of those things we 're studying , it would have been a success . " Ex-NFL stars after concussion : Lives unraveled	Players union negotiating with NFL to fund the study It will look at variety of health issues faced by pro football players Proposal is to study long-term health of 200 players
CNN  -- Comedian Jay Leno 's plan to hold a free concert for the jobless of Detroit , Michigan , drew criticism from a politician in the city . A Detroit politician believes Jay Leno should change the location of his free show for the city 's unemployed . Detroit City Councilwoman Martha Reeves likes the idea , but she said the "  Tonight Show " host needs to change the location . "  When I heard Jay Leno say Detroit is one of his favorite places and he 's going to do a free concert for the people laid off , to people who do n't have any money right now , given the economic state we 're all in , I was elated , " Reeves said . "  Then he said Auburn Hills ... and that 's not Detroit . " Auburn Hills is a well-to-do suburb of Detroit , but is located in Oakland County , which has had its share of economic troubles as well . The free comedy show -- called "  Jay 's Comedy Stimulus Plan " -- is set for April 7 at the Palace of Auburn Hills , which holds about 24,000 people . "  I thought I might try to get a word to him that we have a Ford Field , we have a Cobo Hall , we have wonderful theaters here , the Fox Theater , " Reeves said . "  He could come and present something to Detroit as he said . " Free tickets for the show will be given out beginning Monday at 10 a.m. , according to Leno 's Web site . Leno , host of NBC 's Tonight Show for more than 15 years , has a new job himself . He will move from late night to a 10 p.m. show .	Detroit councilwoman says Jay Leno should change concert location Comedian plans to perform free show in Auburn Hills , a well-to-do suburb Martha Reeves ' suggestions : Ford Field , Cobo Hall , the Fox Theater Free tickets for the show will be given out beginning Monday at 10 a.m.
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson celebrates 25 years as Manchester United manager on Sunday , and the Scotsman has called his reign at Old Trafford a "  fairytale . " Ferguson , who turns 70 this month , has overseen United 's recent dominance of English football , guiding the Red Devils to 12 English Premier League titles and five FA Cups . Continental success has also been achieved , with Ferguson leading United to two European Champions League triumphs in 1999 and 2008 . The highlight of the former Scotland coach 's reign so far arrived in 1999 , when United 's Champions League final win over Bayern Munich completed an historic treble which also included Premier League and FA Cup triumphs . United he stands : The real Fergie "  It 's been a really fantastic spell for me and something you do n't think is going to happen , " Ferguson told the club 's official website . "  It 's been a bit of a fairytale to last so long and I appreciate that . " Ferguson , who arrived at United from Scottish outfit Aberdeen on November 6 1986 , was quick to praise the vast array of star players he has been able to work with during a quarter of a century at the club . "  I 've been very fortunate to have some of the best players in the game and , when I look back on these players I think about how fortunate I am . Ferguson 's top 25 Manchester United moments "  It 's incredible when you look at who 's been here - Bryan Robson , Norman Whiteside , Brian McClair , Mark Hughes , Paul Ince , Roy Keane , Eric Cantona . What a collection of fantastic players . " It could all have been very different for United and Ferguson , with the Glasgow native originally planning to retire from football in 2002 . But Ferguson changed his mind , remained in the Old Trafford dugout and last season helped United to a record 19th English title -- overtaking the mark previously set by archrivals Liverpool . Ferguson refuses to set a date for when he will step aside at United , saying he will remain in the job as long as his health allows . "  I 'll continue as long as I feel healthy enough to do it , " he said . "  In management , things change as the years go on . It 's different now even to seven or eight years ago . A lot of things have changed . " United 's neighbors Manchester City currently lead England 's top flight , five points clear of Ferguson 's team . Former United captain Steve Bruce brings his Sunderland team to Old Trafford for a Premier League clash on Saturday .	Alex Ferguson calls his Manchester United reign a ` fairytale ' The Scottish manager celebrates 25 years at Old Trafford this weekend Ferguson has won 12 EPL titles , 5 FA Cups and two European Champions League crowns
Chapel Hill , North Carolina  CNN  -- What happens to the 3,100 students who enrolled in fake classes and now have a degree stamped with the seal of the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill -- an institution consistently ranked among the nation 's top public schools ? Likely nothing . The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools is currently reviewing a scathing report , prepared by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein , which showed thousands of UNC students took fraudulent classes , some of them multiple times . But Belle Wheelan , the president of the association -- which is charged with accrediting degree-granting higher education institutions in the South , from Virginia to Texas -- told CNN that her group ca n't take away degrees . "  UNC has to verify every degree they give all the time . We ask them to make sure all courses really are legitimate , " Wheelan said . "  All we can do ... is put them on sanction for lack of integrity . "  As far as taking those degrees back , there 's nothing we can do . " UNC officials told CNN say they are still deciding how to try to remedy the fact that so many students graduated with credits from the so-called "  paper classes " on their transcripts . Some students earned many credits taking multiple "  GPA booster " classes . One student was enrolled in 19 different paper classes , Wainstein said . "  We 're considering options on these matters and are working closely with SACS to evaluate possible courses of action , " said spokesman Rick White . UNC report : 18 years of academic fraud Expert : ` Nearly impossible ' to take away degrees Gerald Gurney , president of the Drake Group for academic integrity in collegiate sport and the former president of the National Association of Academic Advisers for Athletics , called the UNC fraud the largest and most nefarious academic scandal in the history of the NCAA . "  The depth and breadth of the scheme -- involving counselors , coaches , academic administrators , faculty , athletic administrators , etc. -- eclipses any previous case , " Gurney said . But , while Gurney believes the NCAA should punish the university , he does not think that the students could lose the legitimacy of their degrees . "  Lifting diplomas from students who were advised to take these classes is nearly impossible , " he said . The last time SACS investigated the paper classes -- when UNC insisted they existed on a much smaller scale -- the association made UNC offer new classes to students who had been enrolled in the fake ones . But the enrollment in the remedy class was optional , Wheelan said . UNC told CNN that 11 students opted to retake a class . The suspect classes were started by a professor 's assistant in the African-American studies program  AFAM  who had sympathy for those at the school who were "  not the best and the brightest . " That assistant , Debbie Crowder , and professor Julius Nyang ` oro then worked with several advisers in athletics to help student-athletes on the brink of eligibility keep their GPAs up , according to the report . One former football player , Mike McAdoo , told CNN earlier this year that his adviser told him to major in AFAM , and then put him in several paper classes , even though he had interest in majoring in something else . From emails that were attached to Wainstein 's report , it 's clear that some athletes were placed in these classes because they were struggling . One email , written by former women 's basketball academics adviser Jan Boxill , suggests an athlete is only enrolled in "  two real courses . " Other emails show how counselors were calculated in adding , then dropping , and shifting athletes from class to class trying to keep them eligible to play . UNC fake class scandal and NCAA 's response wind their way to Washington Report : Nearly half of 3,100 students were athletes This all comes as no surprise to whistleblower Mary Willingham . She sounded the alarm on paper classes and was a lone voice against the university when it insisted that the whole scheme fell to the shoulders of Nyang ` oro and Crowder alone . Willingham told CNN that many people were involved and that the paper classes were used as a crutch for underprepared athletes . She said that in January -- a month before the Wainstein and his firm , Cadwalader , Wickersham & Taft , was hired by UNC to do another investigation into what happened over the last two decades . Whistleblower in UNC paper class case files lawsuit What Wainstein found was significantly bigger than what UNC had admitted to for the last five years . Nearly half of the 3,100 students were athletes . "  A good number of these student-athletes were "  steered " to the AFAM paper classes by certain academic counselors in ASPSA , " Wainstein 's report says . His report says paper classes served as "  GPA boosters " for athletes who were on the brink of eligibility . Why ? Willingham says it 's because they were admitted to UNC just to play -- and they could n't keep up in the classroom the way they could keep up on the field , she says . Willingham has been attacked for saying that . One UNC official even publicly said she was lying . Now , the 131-page report and hundreds of supplemental documents appear to back her up . Willingham sat at her kitchen table this week , watching the University of North Carolina admit to nearly two decades of academic fraud . All she could think about were the athletes she tutored who she says were terribly unprepared for real classes at UNC . Many , she says , could barely read . "  I think about where they are , you know , what are they doing , " she said , sitting at that same table the next day . "  It 's hard to find a lot of those guys . And so I was wondering if they were paying any attention to this and if it had any meaning for them . " Federal education privacy rules forbid the university from publicly identifying the students involved in the paper classes . UNC in January : We failed students ` for years ' Roy Williams : ` We tried to do the right thing ' UNC said the Wainstein report came to a different conclusion than previous investigations because he had the cooperation of Nyang ` oro and Crowder , who previously were n't talking . Nyang ` oro was charged with fraud -- a charge later dropped when he began cooperating with Wainstein . But it 's unclear why previous investigations did not uncover the damning emails , or whether the statements of the athletic advisers were different in the past . The latest one , though , did find that some coaches knew what was happening . Former head football coach John Bunting , for instance , told investigators he knew of the paper classes . His successor , Butch Davis , who was fired a few years back for his role , also admitted some knowledge . The investigators made no findings about Dean Smith , the legendary basketball coach and sports icon who coached 36 years at UNC . And the current basketball coach , Roy Williams , has adamantly denied knowing anything . Reacting Saturday to the report , Williams told reporters "  it 's a very sad time for me " as not only UNC 's head basketball coach , but also a former assistant coach and student there . As to what happens next , Williams said he does n't see anything in Wainstein 's report pertaining to "  men 's basketball that somebody can immediately look at and say this is going to happen or this is not going to happen . " "  The thing about it is that we tried to do the right thing , " the coach said . "  I ca n't determine what the NCAA is going to do . " CNN analysis : Some college athletes play like adults , read like fifth-graders CNN 's Devon Sayers and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Accrediting group : Ca n't take degrees from those who took fraudulent classes UNC could be sanctioned for the fraud , this group 's president says Report by investigator found advisers funneled athletes to "  paper classes " Men 's hoops coach : "  Very sad time " for UNC ; "  we tried to do the right thing "
CNN  -- The Davis Cup is the just about the only major honor in tennis to elude Roger Federer and the Swiss maestro took another big step to righting that omission Sunday as he led his country into November 's final against France . Federer secured the winning point in his singles match against Fabio Fognini to give Switzerland an unbeatable 3-1 lead over Italy in Geneva . The 17-time grand slam winner was never seriously troubled by Fognini , winning 6-2 6-3 7-6 in front of 18,000 fans in the Palexpo Arena . A run of four straight games saw him take the opening set and a single break in the second was enough to forge further ahead . Fognini had four break point chances in the third set but could not take advantage and Federer moved clear in the closing tiebreak . The 33-year-old will be playing in his first Davis Cup final and paid tribute to the fervent supporters who willed him on to victory . "  Its nice sharing your emotions with your fans and team mates , " he told the official Davis Cup website . Swiss captain Severin Luthi also reflected on their triumph . "  For the whole of Switzerland it 's great we 're in the finals now . We could n't be happier , " he said . "  Roger did n't have that much time to get used to the court and conditions and there is a lot of pressure involved . For me he played again fantastic tennis . " Federer and Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka won their opening singles rubbers Friday but the Italians hit back the following day as Fognini and Simone Bolleli took the doubles to give themselves a glimmer of hope heading into the reverse singles . Switzerland will have to travel to France for the final on November 21-23 , with the venue still to be announced . France sealed its passage Saturday when the doubles team of Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated Czechs Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek in four sets to go 3-0 ahead . Sunday 's reverse singles saw Jiri Vesely beat Julien Benneteau 6-4 6-3 to put the first point on the board for the Czechs before Gael Monfils beat Lukas Rosol 5-7 6-4 7-5 in the second of the "  dead " rubbers . France is seeking a first Davis Cup triumph since 2001 . Switzerland has never won the trophy , losing the 1992 final to the United States .	Switzerland to play France in Davis Cup final Roger Federer wins decisive singles against Fabio Fognini Gives Swiss an unbeatable 3-1 lead in tie against Italy France completes 4-1 victory over holders Czech Republic
CNN  -- Disappointment , anger , disgust . Words like these are echoing throughout social media about a national icon : The Boy Scouts of America . To put it mildly , Scouting is going through a rough patch . In July , the BSA national headquarters clarified its ban on gays and lesbians -- leaving it in place and triggering a national movement by hundreds of former Eagle Scouts to renounce their rank and return their treasured medals . And then this week , the so-called "  perversion files " were publicly released , naming more than 1,000 suspected child sex abusers since the mid-1960s with links to Scouting . All this has people asking questions : What 's going on here ? Is Scouting in trouble ? Is it even relevant anymore ? Although membership has remained steady at 2.7 million youths , many parents are taking a hard look at the organization -- especially its ban on gays , lesbians , atheists and agnostics , says former Eagle Scout Burke Stansbury , an online activist . "  Some of the aspects of Scouting morality I find is sort of old school -- like they 're stuck in the 1950s . " It 's become more acceptable , he says , for people to be atheist and agnostic and still be considered moral in our society . Also , "  attitudes around homosexuality have changed a lot in the last few decades , and the Boy Scouts ' moral code has n't kept up with those changes . " Here 's how mainstream the idea of gay and lesbian Scouts has become : both President Obama and Mitt Romney support it . Obama , in fact , serves as honorary BSA president , a tradition held by every commander in chief since the group was founded . Eventually , the Boy Scouts will have to change , Stansbury says , or else the organization will become socially irrelevant . The group is standing at a key moment in its survival , says Stansbury . If it fails to "  get with the modern times " within the next decade , "  alternative youth organizations will appear that are more inclusive and based on equality . " The majority of Scouts agree with the policy , the BSA said in July . But "  no single policy will accommodate the many diverse views among our membership or society . " Scouting offers to teach members skills in "  character building " and making good "  moral choices , " says BSA spokesman Deron Smith . But he also says it 's important to separate "  the discussion of larger societal issues " from the operation of Scouting . "  The state of Scouting is very strong . " ` Living your values ' The idea is sometimes referred to as "  living your values " -- in other words , interacting only with organizations and businesses that match your morals and ethics . "  People with young kids are trying to live their lives more in accordance with their beliefs and their values , " says Stansbury . It 's hard , he says , to participate in something like the Boy Scouts and everyday question your own integrity . In protest , Stansbury sent his Eagle medal back to Scout headquarters a few months ago , along with hundreds of other ex-Scouts . Read a blog written by ex-Scouts who 've renounced their Eagle awards Boy Scout policies and procedures evolve over time , says Smith . For example , the child sex abuse concerns decades ago spurred the BSA to implement strict screening , education and prevention policies that continue today and represent a "  gold standard " for protecting kids , Smith says . Boy Scout Zach Plante of Menlo Park , California , does n't like the ban on atheists or gays and lesbians . But he loves Scouting . So the 16-year-old basically looks the other way , he says , along with the rest of Troop 222 . "  In my troop I do n't know of any particular Scouts that are gay or atheist , but I know that our troop would n't necessarily kick a Scout out of the troop for being gay or atheist . " Zach 's dad , psychology professor Tom Plante , does n't see any conflict between his support for Scouting and his opposition to the bans . Plante says he does his best to live his values and to make changes where he can . "  But at the end of the day we 're not going to agree 100 % with all the policies and procedures of every organization that we 're a part of -- whether it 's Scouts or the United States government or churches or companies . " Related : Boy Scouts feel a mother 's wrath Ryan Andreson 's troop was n't so understanding . When Andreson , who lives in Moraga , California , was denied his Eagle rank because he 's gay , he mounted a campaign that gained national attention . Part of that campaign included collecting hundreds of thousands of signatures on a petition for local Scout officials . So far , Andreson is still waiting to get his Eagle . What if Scouting disappeared ? You 'd likely see more than $ 206,000,000 worth of yearly services and charity fundraising provided by Scout groups disappear , according to BSA . Religious ties Many critics who accuse the Scouts of failing to change with the times blame BSA 's deep connections to organized religion . Approximately 70 % of Scout troops are affiliated with some kind of church or religious group , says Smith . Among the biggest backers are the Catholic Church and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , according to BSA . In 2011 , Mormon-backed Cub Scout and Boy Scout units accounted for more than 420,000 of all Scouts nationwide , while more than 200,000 other scouts were members of units affiliated with the Catholic Church . Links with religious groups are "  definitely part of our longstanding tradition , " says Smith . "  Our policies and procedures and everything that we are is definitely reflected by our membership and our charter organization partners . " Boy Scouts claim kids safer with them than at home Those affiliations over the years have resulted in a complicated political maze that 's difficult to navigate when it comes to change , Stansbury suggests . "  Oh yeah -- the Catholic and Mormon churches have a lot of influence on the Boy Scouts , especially the leadership of the Boy Scouts , " he says . "  I certainly believe that 's a big part of why the Boy Scouts have stubbornly held onto this policy . "  It would be a much better organization , not having those people involved . But it 's not going to go away immediately . " There 's also dissent among leaders inside Scouting -- although many keep a low profile . One Scout leader , who asked to remain anonymous because he fears losing his position , posted comments on a private online message board for Eagle alums . If the U.S. military can accept openly gay and lesbian troops , he asked , why ca n't the Boy Scouts of America ? "  Every day I question my personal integrity for choosing to stay involved with a discriminatory organization . " So -- does America still need the Boy Scouts ? Is it still culturally relevant as it enters its second century of service ? Will the BSA make it to 200 years ? What do you think ? Share your thoughts as well as your stories about Scouting connections and experiences in the comments section below .	Boy Scouts criticized for gay ban and for "  perversion files " Youth organization is n't keeping up with social changes , says activist Some parents oppose ban on gays , but look the other way Boy Scouts : The state of scouting is "  very strong "
CNN  -- The United Nations humanitarian chief urged Sudan to allow aid workers into a Darfur refugee camp that has been closed for nearly two weeks , limiting access to 80,000 displaced people . Sudanese authorities prevented aid agencies from entering Kalma camp and its surrounding areas after violence broke out earlier this month . The closure came despite reassurances that restrictions had not been imposed . "  I am extremely concerned about the welfare of the IDPs at Kalma camp , to whom we have not been able to deliver relief for 13 days , " John Holmes , U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs , said Friday . "  Deliveries of food and fuel for water pumps have for example not been possible . Sanitation is also a major concern as it is the middle of the rainy season . Many thousands of IDPs from Kalma remain unaccounted for . " Darfuris who live at the camp rely on aid groups for food , water , health , nutritional support and shelter . Tensions escalated at the camp last week after thousands of displaced Darfuris took to the streets to protest what they called unrepresentation in the latest round of peace talks in Doha , Qatar . Officials demanded that the joint U.N.-African Union peacekeeping force , UNAMID , hand over six local leaders who sought protection with the peacekeepers . The peacekeeping force said it will not do so unless the government pledges to give them a fair trial The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says constraints on aid agencies in the region have been steadily increasing since March 2009 , when 11 international aid groups were expelled from Darfur . Two staff members from the International Organization for Migration were also expelled last month . "  The United Nations has been in close contact with the relevant Sudanese authorities to restore access to both Kalma and Eastern Jebel Marra , but until today progress has not been forthcoming , " Holmes said . "  If access is not urgently restored , the situation risks deteriorating rapidly . " Darfur , a province of Sudan , has suffered the worst humanitarian crisis in the world , according to aid groups . United Nations officials estimate that 300,000 people have died in the past seven years and more than 3 million displaced amid fighting between rebels and government forces . The Darfur conflict started when two rebel groups -- the Sudan Liberation Army and Justice and Equality Movement -- started attacking the government in 2003 . The groups accused Khartoum of favoring Arabs and oppressing black Africans . Government forces have been backed by the Janjaweed , a militia accused of murdering , raping , and burning homes in Darfur	Sudan prevents aid agencies from entering camp after violence breaks out The Darfur refugee camp has been closed for nearly two weeks Closure limits access to 80,000 displaced people .
CNN  -- Syrian warplanes pounded rebel fighters and car bombs went off in the Damascus suburbs Wednesday as the architect of a failed cease-fire huddled with Chinese officials in Beijing . At least 121 people died in the 19-month-old conflict on Wednesday , opposition activists reported . Russian-built MiG jets and artillery targeted neighborhoods in and around Damascus , the commercial capital of Aleppo and the southern city of Daraa , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Rebel groups accuse Syria 's longtime ally , Iran , of supplying surveillance drones to help direct the airstrikes , displaying what they say are captured aircraft and operating manuals . Iran says it 's not providing military aid to Syria . A rebel group , meanwhile , claimed responsibility for a bombing that Syria 's state news agency SANA said killed 11 people in the Damascus suburb of Saida Zaynab . The group said the blast killed eight Syrian troops and no civilians , but another rebel faction said three children were among the dead . Brahimi in Beijing Lakhdar Brahimi , the U.N - Arab League special envoy tasked with finding an end to the long-running conflict , was in Beijing on Wednesday for talks with Chinese officials . China has offered a four-point plan to end the war , calling for a cease-fire , plans for political settlement and transition and international humanitarian aid . Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said China wants to work with world powers to reach a "  fair , peaceful and appropriate " resolution , the state news agency Xinhua reported . But he said Syria 's future should be determined by its citizens , and its sovereignty , independence , unity and territorial integrity should be respected . "  A political resolution is the only pragmatic option in Syria , " Yang said . Brahimi worked for a cease-fire during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha , which ended Monday , but the truce never took hold . On Wednesday , he said a political resolution to the conflict is the only realistic approach to the "  complicated and sensitive situation in Syria , " "  All parties involved should cease fire and violence so as to create conditions for a political resolution , " Brahimi said . Both China and Russia , where Brahimi held talks Monday , have blocked tough U.N. Security Council initiatives against the Syrians . Rebels target ` nerve center ' in Aleppo Rebel fighters in Aleppo , the scene of heavy fighting since August , focused their efforts Wednesday on a military headquarters compound they say houses political prisoners . "  The air force intelligence building is the nerve center for the regime operation in Aleppo , " Abdulla Yasin , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army , told CNN . Syrian troops surround the building and have moved the prisoners held there to upper-story offices , "  to prevent the FSA from firing rockets or artillery rounds into the building , " Yasin said . "  We must be very careful to prevent harm to the innocent civilians and political prisoners trapped inside , because it appears they are being used as some type of human shields , " he said . Fighting extended into the countryside around the city , with artillery fire and airstrikes targeting the town of Atarib . At least 10 people were killed and 20 wounded there , Yasin said , while three more died in the nearby town of Kafr Hamr . CNN can not independently confirm accounts of fighting or death tolls from Syria as the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . The numbers reported by the LCC do not include deaths from security forces or the military . More than 35,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict , according to the Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria , a group that tracks fatalities . Supporters of Bashar al-Assad welcome onslaught of Sandy CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 121 dead across Syria , opposition says Rebels target military headquarters in Aleppo Chinese back international envoy Lakhdar Brahimi Deaths mount across Syria on Wednesday , opposition says
CNN  -- The University of Vermont 's chapter of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity has been closed after a survey surfaced online asking fraternity brothers whom they would rape . The national Sigma Phi Epsilon organization said it is "  indefinitely closing the chapter . " "  Without suggesting that every member had knowledge of this questionnaire , the questions asked in the document are deplorable and absolutely inconsistent with our values , " Brian Warren , the fraternity 's executive director , said in a statement . University of Vermont officials said they "  respect and support " the decision . "  From the beginning of this unfortunate situation , the national representatives of Sigma Phi Epsilon have been thorough , respectful and very serious in investigating this matter , " UVM Interim President John Bramley and Provost Jane E. Knodell said in a statement . The university said its investigation into the matter will continue and will likely take several weeks to conclude . "  We will gather all relevant information and examine it to determine whether policies or laws have been violated , and by whom , " the UVM statement said . "  We hope that this will present an opportunity for productive interaction , respectful dialogue , and learning about sexual violence and rape culture and the causes underlying them . " The national fraternity said it will collaborate with the university "  to consider the potential return to UVM at the appropriate time , which would occur only by mutual agreement . " It added that "  any behavior that demeans women is not tolerated by the fraternity . " "  SigEp will strengthen its efforts to provide college men with education focused on respect for women and the development of healthy inter-personal relationships , " Warren said . CNN 's Marina Landis contributed to this report .	The local chapter of the fraternity is closed indefinitely , officials say The survey is "  deplorable and absolutely inconsistent with our values , " national fraternity leader says University of Vermont officials said they "  respect and support " the decision
CNN  -- A newly discovered account of the shooting of Abraham Lincoln , and his death the next morning , gives a vivid and moving picture of the calamity . Dr. Charles Leale was in the audience at Ford 's Theater when Lincoln was shot , and was the first to attempt to treat the stricken president . In a report believed written the next day , April 15 , 1865 , Leale writes , "  the report of a pistol was distinctly heard and about a minute after a man of low stature with black hair and eyes was seen leaping to the stage beneath , holding in his hand a drawn dagger . " Stumbling as he leaped from the president 's box , the man "  ran to the opposite side of the stage , flourishing in his hand a drawn dagger and disappearing behind the scene . " Leale ran to the president 's box , about 40 feet from where he 'd been sitting , where he encountered Mary Lincoln . She said , " ' O Doctor , do what you can for him ! Do what you can ! ' I told her we would do all that we possibly could , " Leale writes . Then he saw the president . "  He was in a state of general paralysis , his eyes were closed and he was in a profoundly comatose condition . " Leale was just 23 , and had only barely begun practicing medicine after his service in the Civil War . He describes how he tried to treat the injury , beginning with asking another man to cut off Lincoln 's coat and shirt to find any stab wounds . Leale first believed Lincoln had been stabbed , because of that sighting of John Wilkes Booth wielding a knife . But soon Leale realized the president 's injury was a gunshot in the back of his head . Leale writes that he "  passed the little finger of my left hand through the perfectly smooth opening made by the ball , and found that it had entered the encephalon . As soon as I removed my finger a slight oozing of blood followed and his breathing became more regular . " Lincoln is then given some brandy , and two more doctors arrive . The report was found by Helena Iles Papaioannou , a researcher for the Papers of Abraham Lincoln , at the National Archives in Washington . She discovered it among the papers of the U.S. surgeon general . Her group 's mission is to collect all documents "  to and from Abraham Lincoln , " she said , and she came upon a copy of Leale 's report by accident on May 21 . The report is not in Leale 's own hand , but is a "  true copy " written by a clerk . "  Its immediacy makes it so very moving , " said Papaioannou . "  But it 's also so very clinical , and you realize how awful it was -- the injury that Lincoln sustained was just horrific . " Read the full document Standing outside Ford 's Theater in downtown Washington , Papaioannou explained it was too far to take Lincoln to the White House , so the doctors took him to a house across the street . "  You can see how narrow the street is , " she said , pointing from Ford 's Theater across to the historic Peterson House , where tourists were taking guided tours of the site . "  Even that little journey was traumatic . " There is no indication that Leale and the other doctors had any way to save Lincoln . "  You get a sense of helplessness , " said Papaioannou . "  I think it was fairly immediate that he realized that the president was n't going to recover . " Papaioannou said that , to her , the most moving part of Leale 's report is his account of covering Lincoln shortly after the president was carried to a back bedroom of the Peterson House . "  He talks about how the president 's legs -- his lower extremities , from the knees down -- were cold , and they brought him hot water bottles and hot blankets . I find that a very touching part of the report . " The document also describes in clinical terms the president 's deterioration that night . Near the end of the report it states : "  At 7:20 a.m. he breathed his last and ` the spirit fled to God who gave it . ' " The very last line of the report seems to relay how absorbed Leale became in the gravity of the moment . "  Immediately after death had taken place , we all bowed and the Rev. Dr. Gurley supplicated to God in behalf of the bereaved family and our afflicted country . " Papaioannou talks about the moment she discovered this document . "  I took it out of the box , and started reading through it -- reading parts out to my colleagues who sat at the same table as me . ... We realized we had something special on our hands . " John Elliff , with the Lincoln Group of the District of Columbia , said the newly discovered report largely corroborates the account that Leale eventually published over 40 years later , in 1909 . While it adds only a few details to known accounts of Lincoln 's final hours , Elliff said , "  this report has more exact times and pulse rate measurements through the night -- an intriguing new detail for historians . " Agreeing with the researchers who found it , Elliff said that the document has a compelling immediacy , and is unclouded by the passage of time . "  The original report does get you right close to the event -- knowing that the doctor leaves the bedside and writes it within the day , " he said .	Newly discovered document adds historical detail to what is known about Lincoln 's death Report believed to have been written the day after assassination Report has more exact times and pulse rate measurements , says expert
CNN  -- When Ariel Castro was arrested last week on charges of kidnapping and raping three women for more than a decade in his Cleveland home , police also detained his two brothers , showing their mugshots to the world . Police released Pedro and Onil Castro a few days later , saying neither man had anything to do with the alleged abductions and torture of Amanda Berry , Gina DeJesus and Michelle Knight . The men , both in their 50s , are now in hiding in an undisclosed location , as are other family members , including their 71-year-old mother . The brothers say their homes have had rocks thrown through the windows -- one of them was broken into -- and they have been receiving death threats online . In an exclusive interview with CNN , which took place outside Cleveland , the Castro brothers say they are grateful the three girls are finally free and safe , but they are haunted by missing clues and hunted by the media . As women remained in captivity , alleged abductor 's life crumbled Unable to go home , they say they are trapped for something they did n't do . And they worry that people will always believe that they played a role . "  Absolutely , " Onil Castro says . "  Yes , " Pedro Castro says . Their friends , they say , can not fathom them doing anything like that . Cleveland neighborhood : How did it happen here ? "  And the people out there that know me , they know that Onil Castro is not that person and has nothing to do with that . Would never even think of something like that , " he says , referring to the allegations against his brother , Ariel . "  I was a very liked person , individual . I 've never had any enemies . No reason for anybody to think that I would ever do something like that . It 's a shock to all my friends . They could n't believe it , " Onil Castro says . "  Same , " says Pedro Castro . "  I could n't never think of doing anything like that . If I knew that my brother was doing this ... I would not be , not -- in a minute , I would call the cops because that ai n't right . Daughter crushed by news her father allegedly abducted her friend "  But yeah , it 's going to haunt me down because people going to think , yeah , Pedro got something to do with this and Pedro do n't have nothing to do with this . If I knew , I would have reported it , brother or no brother . " In more of the exclusive interview to be broadcast Monday , the brothers reveal many more details , including the one strange rule they say Ariel Castro demanded they follow when inside his home . Opinion : Ariel Castro 's alleged abuse , sadism is all too common	Police have released Pedro and Onil Castro , saying they had done nothing wrong The brothers of Ariel Castro are hiding in an undisclosed location Onil Castro says he "  would never even think of something like that " "  If I knew , I would have reported it , brother or no brother , " Pedro Castro says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Insurgents ' use of roadside bombs has increased dramatically in Afghanistan this year , according to Pentagon statistics , and the United States ' top military official is calling them the "  No. 1 threat " to troops there . An IED is exploded by U.S. Marines near the remote village of Baqwa , Afghanistan , in March . In June there were 736 incidents in Afghanistan involving roadside bombs , called improvised explosive devices or IEDs , and 82 "  effective attacks , " ones that caused casualties among coalition forces , the figures show . That was up from 263 incidents and 25 effective attacks in February , with the numbers increasing each month , said the Pentagon 's Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , an agency dedicated to thwarting roadside bombs . The number of coalition forces killed and wounded by such bombs has climbed , though not steadily , from 18 killed and 33 wounded in February to 23 killed and 166 wounded in June , the agency said . No numbers were provided for July , but such attacks have continued this month . In the latest , roadside bombs killed two NATO-led troops on Thursday , one in eastern Afghanistan and the other in southern Afghanistan . The military has called IEDs the weapon of choice for insurgents in that country . And at the National Press Club on Wednesday , Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in response to a reporter 's question that the biggest threat to coalition troops in Afghanistan is improvised explosive devices . Watch Adm. Mullen address efforts in Afghanistan " He noted that they "  have become more and more sophisticated over time " and that they are being combined with "  more and more sophisticated attacks from the Taliban , where they use IEDs as well as other tactics to inflict or to fight our troops . "	Pentagon agency : 82 incidents in June caused casualties among coalition troops Military has called IEDs the weapon of choice for insurgents in Afghanistan No numbers were provided for July , but such attacks have continued this month
CNN  -- Authorities confirmed the remains found in an upstate New York river were of a baby boy reported missing from Utica in June , police said Saturday . Extensive DNA testing , performed at the Onondaga County medical examiner 's office in Syracuse , verified the baby was Levon Wameling , who was 10 months old when his father reported the child was taken while unattended from the house porch , authorities said . The medical examiner , however , has n't provided a cause of death , said Sgt. Steve Hauck , spokesman for Utica police . After receiving information , state police divers found the child in a container in the Mohawk River on September 6 , authorities said . "  The Utica Police continue to investigate this case , with the hope that the truth will be learned and the person  s  responsible are held accountable , " Hauck said in a statement . Earlier this month , the boy 's father , Jevon Wameling , was arrested by New York State Police and accused of breaking into a home in a suburb of Utica to steal jewelry and money . Hauck said then he would n't say whether the father had anything to do with the tip leading police to the remains , citing the ongoing investigation , but the circumstances of Levon 's disappearance raised questions about the boy 's father from the start . Wameling took two weeks to go to an attorney 's office and then call police to report Levon 's disappearance , authorities said back in June . "  Based on the information that he 's given us , we have a lot of concern , " Utica Police Chief Mark Williams said at the time . "  We have a problem with what he says , " Williams said . "  There 's no question about it . " The father told investigators he took the child out for a late-night walk and locked himself out of his home , so he put the boy down on the small front porch and went around back to find a way in . When he opened the front door , the baby was gone , the father told police . Levon would have turned a year old on August 31 , police said . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Police confirm baby is the same infant missing from Utica , New York Levon Wameling was 10 months old when father reported him taken from home Medical examiners have n't determined the cause of death Father took two weeks to report baby missing
CNN  -- Fourteen people were shot and killed at a soccer field in northern Honduras , a police spokesman said Saturday . Juan Lopez , a police spokesman in the industrial city of San Pedro Sula , said 10 people died on the scene , while four more were transported to an area medical center for treatment . They died of their wounds , he added . "  We 're investigating to see what sort of organization could be behind this . The most likely  scenario  is that the attack was directed at one or some of the men on the field and that the others were caught in the crossfire , " Lopez said . He declined to identify the victims . CNN 's Maria Elisa Callejas contributed to this report .	NEW : The incident took place in San Pedro Sula , a city in northern Honduras NEW : Police say they do not know who is behind the attack
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Jeremy Piven is the kind of guy who can make you laugh just by lifting an eyebrow . Jeremy Piven stars as a used car salesman in "  The Goods . " He says "  Entourage " would make a great film . Of course , the popular actor can do much more than that to captivate audiences . From drama to comedy , Piven has starred in more than 40 films on the big screen and has won critical acclaim for his role as super agent Ari Gold on HBO 's "  Entourage . "  HBO , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Piven stopped by the CNN.com newsroom to talk with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about his new film , "  The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard , " in which he plays a used car salesman . The following is an edited version of the interview : CNN : -LSB- The movie -RSB- was hysterical , and my producer and I were sitting next to each other and we were trying to figure out -- is this like lowbrow , but it 's smart , so it 's medium-brow ? Highbrow comedy ? Jeremy Piven : It 's a hybrid-brow , or a unibrow . It 's from the people who brought you "  Talladega Nights " and "  Step Brothers " and "  Anchorman , " so from the kings of guys who make really smart , low-brow comedies , and I 'm just insanely honored to be a part of it . It 's like a dream because my fear was that by the time Will -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- hit the screen that , worst-case scenario , the movie would n't be funny enough . So that when Will jumps out of the plane , he takes us to a whole other level -- it 's like , "  Oh my God , Will Ferrell is so brilliant . " But the reality is , the movie was so funny up until that moment that it was really , it was kind of organic , and it sustained it and it was really fantastic . Watch why part of Piven 's interview had to be bleeped out " James Brolin would go home to his wife , Barbra Streisand , at night , and I would say , "  James , is she OK with all this ? " Because he has one of the most twisted roles you 've ever seen , as you know -- and I do n't want to give it away . He was like , "  Well , the wife is on the fence about this whole thing , " and she came to a screening and I swear to God , Babs laughed the loudest . CNN : I think that 's a tease in itself . That would probably get people to see it . Piven : Yes , I think you 're right . The movie is OK 'd by Barbra Streisand ; she vetted the whole thing . If you would have told me , I would be doing a lead in a movie , and Will Ferrell would have a smaller role in it , I never would have believed you , but I 'm here to tell you anything is possible . CNN : Anything is possible , even in some 40 some movies in your career , but this is the first lead in a while , I mean did it take you a while to get into the used car salesman character ? Piven : There 's a great documentary called "  Slasher " about car salesmen that I took a look at , and I went to a bunch of lots , and I 've also been sold a lot of cars , and I 'm what 's known as a sucker . As soon as they see me coming in , they know they 're going to take my money . So I kind of took that , and I reversed it and I 'm no longer a sucker . CNN : Are you going to stick with "  Entourage " ? Piven : Well , I think "  Entourage " ... this season is the sixth season , and it 's I think the most interesting of all of them , and I kind of have the best arc this year . The backstage life of Hollywood is such fertile stuff for our show that I think we could continue on for as long as it stays fresh . CNN : What about a movie ? Piven : I think a movie would be really , really fun of "  Entourage . " I 'd love to open it up . I have a bunch of ideas , all that will be turned down , but I have some great ideas .	Jeremy Piven plays a used car salesman in movie "  The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard " Piven says he went to a lot of used car lots to research his role HBO series "  Entourage " will continue on for as long as it stays fresh , Piven says "  I have some great ideas " for an "  Entourage " movie , actor says
CNN  -- A Romanian princess and her husband are scheduled to appear in court Friday after they were arrested in an alleged cockfighting ring in Oregon . John Wesley Walker and his wife , Princess Irina Walker , the third daughter of Romania 's exiled King Michael I , are among six people charged with operating an illegal gambling business , the Justice Department said in a statement . Those six are also charged , along with 12 others , with conspiracy to violate the animal Welfare Act by conducting unlawful animal fighting ventures on 10 occasions , the statement said . The arrests took place Thursday across various sites in Oregon and Washington . The Walkers are from Irrigon , in Morrow County , Oregon , according to the indictment . They and the others arrested in Oregon are scheduled to appear for arraignment before a federal magistrate judge in Portland on Friday afternoon . Each of the offenses carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 , according to the Justice Department . It was unclear whether the couple has a lawyer .	Princess Irina Walker is the third daughter of Romania 's King Michael I The arrests took place across various sites in Oregon and Washington The princess and her husband are among 18 people arrested
European leaders Saturday held telephone talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart after a Ukrainian military plane was shot down by separatists , killing all 49 people on board , officials said . The Ilyushin-76 military transport plane went down early Saturday while approaching an airport in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk , said military spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov from the anti-terror operation unit . Ukraine 's defense ministry said the plane , which was transporting military personnel , was shot down by insurgents using anti-aircraft machine guns . The attack , which represents one of the bloodiest single events in that nation 's current period of turmoil , spurred a diplomatic flurry to limit further escalation of the crisis . On Saturday , French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a telephone discussion with Putin on the crisis in Ukraine , according to the Elysee Palace and the Kremlin . Hollande and Merkel expressed their deep concern about the ongoing fighting in eastern Ukraine , particularly Saturday 's attack , the Elysee Palace said . The French and German leaders stressed the importance of reaching a cease-fire in Ukraine and avoiding the transfer of fighters and weapons across the Ukrainian-Russian border , according to Hollande 's office . The Kremlin said the three leaders also talked about the drafting of a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at promoting a settlement . The European leaders stressed the need for an agreement on continuing Russian natural gas deliveries to Ukraine , according to the Elysee . "  Situation is dangerous , but I hope will remain under control , " Ukrainian Deputy Foreign Minister Danylo Lubkivsky told CNN Saturday . "  With no doubt , more pressure on Russia is needed . " In a phone conversation with Hollande , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko urged the European Union to immediately consider sanctions against Russia , including the termination of "  military-technical cooperation , " Poroshenko 's office said . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk spoke by phone with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who expressed condolences for the loss of life and "  strong concern " about the flow of heavy weapons and militants across the border from Russia , a senior State Department official said . Kerry also talked with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , voicing his concern over the downing of the Ukrainian transport plane and pressing Lavrov to "  make clear " Russia 's commitment to peace , a cease-fire and political dialogue , the state department official said . In a statement , Poroshenko said the army and state border service had closed 248 kilometers of Ukraine 's border . "  The goal us to take back control of Ukraine over the state border and provide adequate response to terrorists , " he said . A U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Saturday condemned that attack , saying officials were "  deeply concerned about the situation in eastern Ukraine , including by the fact that militant and separatist groups have received heavy weapons from Russia , including tanks , which is a significant escalation . " "  Regarding sanctions , we have said that we want to give Russia the opportunity to pursue de-escalation , " NSC spokeswoman Laura Lucas Magnuson said in the statement . "  President Obama made clear that de-escalation depends upon Russia ceasing support for separatists in eastern Ukraine and stopping the provision of arms and materiel across the border , and we urge Russia to do so . " Video posted to YouTube claimed to show the plane being shot down . Small flashes can be seen climbing skyward , followed by large flashes on the ground on the distant horizon . The plane was also carrying military machinery and supplies , the ministry said . Officials originally had said the incident occurred late Friday but later updated the time . Poroshenko announced a day of mourning Sunday to honor those killed and said Ukrainians are grieving . "  It is a great loss not only for the families of the deceased ones , but for the whole country , " he said . "  Everyone involved in this cynical , large-scale terrorist act will be punished . " In an indication of the continued opposition from some quarters to the Kiev government , the state security office said in a statement Saturday that a homemade bomb was found overnight outside a gate to Poroshenko 's office . The device was made of grenades and a kilogram of other material , such as metal screws , and had a threatening note attached that demanded that the President stop military action against the separatists , the statement said . The person who left it was spotted but fled without detonating it . The Kiev-based government is carrying out what it calls an anti-terrorist operation , centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , to try to regain control from pro-Russia separatists . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March , when Russia annexed Crimea and massed troops along its border with Ukraine . Moscow has since begun to withdraw those forces . NATO : Tank images raise questions NATO released images Saturday that it said raised "  significant questions concerning Russia 's ... involvement in the movement of military equipment from Russian territory into Ukraine . " Ukraine 's acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov claimed Thursday that three Russian tanks had crossed the border into Ukraine as part of a larger armored column , prompting a skirmish between Ukrainian and Russian forces . The vehicles entered at a checkpoint controlled by separatists in Ukraine 's eastern Luhansk region , Avakov said , citing Ukrainian intelligence . The Russian Foreign Ministry told the BBC on Thursday that the claim its tanks had crossed the border was "  another fake piece of information . " But the United States also believes tanks and heavy weapons have crossed into Ukraine from Russia after moving from a deployment site in southwest Russia , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Friday . The images released by NATO show the movements of Russian forces at a site near Russia 's southwestern city of Rostov-on-Don , about 75 kilometers from a border crossing the body says is controlled by Luhansk separatists . No tanks were at the site on May 30 , according to NATO . An image from June 6 shows the departure of the Russian military unit but the arrival of 8 main battle tanks . On June 11 , 10 main battle tanks can be seen at the site , NATO said . Of these , three have been loaded onto the kind of low trucks "  normally used to move tanks , likely indicating imminent movement by road . " NATO also cites video posted online showing tanks on the move in Makiivka and Snizhne in eastern Ukraine , in one instance accompanied by a vehicle flying a Russian flag . "  The tanks do not bear markings or camouflage paint like those used by the Ukrainian military . In fact , they do not have markings at all , which is reminiscent of tactics used by Russian elements that were involved in destabilizing Crimea , " the NATO statement said . It also accused Russian officials of having been "  repeatedly misleading and evasive regarding their roles in both Crimea and eastern Ukraine . " If the latest reports are confirmed , the statement added , "  this would mark a grave escalation of the crisis in eastern Ukraine in violation of Russia 's Geneva commitments . " U.S. and EU leaders have warned that additional economic sanctions could be imposed on Russia if it further escalates its incursion into Ukraine . Russian leaders in turn say Ukraine has failed to move to implement the framework for peace worked out in Geneva , Switzerland , in April . They say Ukrainian leaders have carried out a campaign of violence against people living in the largely pro-Russian east . Mariupol operation On Friday , the Kiev government announced that an operation targeting pro-Russian separatists in the city of southeastern port city of Mariupol had been successful . Anton Geraschenko , adviser to Avakov , said more than 30 "  terrorists " had been detained and their base destroyed . Other separatists are hiding in homes and basements for safety , he said . Four Ukrainian soldiers were injured in the operation , he said . Residents of the city may in the past have blocked Ukraine 's security forces , he said , but "  today , not one resident of Mariupol protected terrorists . " According to the Interior Ministry , the yellow-and-blue Ukrainian flag is flying once again over the main municipal building in Mariupol . The city has changed hands several times in the course of hostilities over the past several months . But the unrest has n't ended . Pro-Russian separatists wielding automatic weapons and grenades attacked Ukraine border service vehicles Saturday near the city , Ukraine 's State Border Service said . Five people were killed and seven others were wounded , the service said . The self-proclaimed Republic of Lugansk took credit for the attack , service spokesman Oleg Slobodyan said Saturday . Diplomatic moves Western leaders have accused Moscow of fomenting instability in eastern Ukraine and have urged Moscow to engage with the new leadership in Kiev . On Thursday , Poroshenko and Putin "  held a substantial and long phone conversation , " the Ukrainian President 's media office said . The leaders discussed Poroshenko 's peace plan to resolve the situation in the east of Ukraine , it said . Poroshenko has called on the rebels to lay down their arms and engage in talks . Also Thursday , Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's U.N. ambassador , said he would introduce a resolution on Ukraine at the U.N. Security Council in light of what he said was a deteriorating situation in the country .	NATO releases images showing tank presence near Russia 's border with Ukraine Security service says a homemade bomb was left outside gate of President 's offices Three Ukrainian soldiers killed in attack by separatists Ukraine 's President vows punishment for plane shootdown
CNN  -- It was a much-hyped meeting between two of golf 's biggest names -- and the chaotically enthusiastic crowd in China were not let down by Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods in a surreal showdown worth a reported $ 2 million . Billed as the "  Duel at Jinsha Lake , " Monday 's clash coincided with the launch of a multi-million-dollar housing project which is being built around the course in Zhengzhou , the capital of Henan province . Fans turned out in their thousands to witness the world 's top two golfers -- one of them , Woods , the man largely responsible for the game 's increased worldwide popularity , and the other , the 23-year-old McIlroy , its big hope for the future . After banging a ceremonial Chinese gong and immortalizing their hand prints in clay , Woods and McIlroy took to a golf course where models dressed in evening wear inhabited the tees , a luxury yacht sailed across a lake and helicopters parked next to putting greens . "  Had a great time with @TigerWoods at Jinsha Lake in China today ! " tweeted McIlroy , who carded a five under par 67 , one fewer than his rival , to claim bragging rights . "  We both played well and hopefully the fans enjoyed it too ! " The pair used all their experience to play some impressive golf , despite the fact that many tee shots were accompanied by the endless clicking of dozens of cameras while security men struggled to hold back the fans on the fairways . "  This is certainly not like most Mondays , " said Woods afterwards , smiling . "  It 's been a different one , has n't it ? " "  I would n't say it was crazy out there . The word I would use is ` enthusiastic ' , " said McIlroy . "  It 's good to see so many people out there . So many people that follow golf and want to watch us play . I hope that continues . " Many observers see China as the next market for golf to conquer , with an expanding , aspirational middle class taking up the game in significant numbers . McIlroy came to Zhengzhou , a city of 10 million people , straight after finishing second at the European Tour 's $ 7 million BMW Masters in Shanghai , a tournament he won last year . Woods , who has won 14 major titles to his rival 's two , traveled to China after finishing tied for fourth at the CIMB Classic in Malaysia on Sunday .	World No. 1 Rory McIlroy beats Tiger Woods in exhibition match in China "  Duel at Jinsha Lake " takes place in front of chaotic scenes in Zhengzhou Fans throng the course , models decorate the tees while a luxury yacht cruises the lake Event coincides with launch of property project around the golf course in Henan province
CNN  -- When the English Premier League announced plans to play a regular-season , competitve match on foreign soil -- dubbed the "  39th game " - there was almost unified outcry from the many factions involved in the English game . Most newspapers and commentators attacked the move as indelible proof of the division 's growing greed and unbridled ambition to find consumers in every corner of the globe . The plan was ridiculed and then quietly dropped . But for Richard Scudamore -- the chief executive of the English Premier League -- it was n't so much to do with avarice but , rather surprisingly for a league regarded as one of the most successful sporting franchises on the planet , survival . "  People think that it is inevitable that the world will throw itself at the Premier League , " he later told The London Times . "  We are competing in a fiercely competitive cultural marketplace ... they -LSB- foreign markets -RSB- have still to decide which sports they are going to be interested in . " There were no such anxieties with those heading basketball 's top division . Next March will see the NBA stage its first ever regular season games in London . Whilst soccer 's ubiquity as the global game has long been taken for granted , basketball , through the NBA , has slowly begun to take over the world . This week a further bridgehead on the traditional home of football was taken as the L.A. Lakers cruised into the British capital to play a pre-season exhibition match against the Minnesota Timberwolves . The arena was a sell out , just one of a four-stop , glitzy European tour taking in Paris , Milan and Barcelona . In the front row at the London game , a host of Premier League stars like Arsenal 's Cesc Fabregas watched on as Kobe Bryant -- whose $ 25 million a year wages dwarfs even the Spaniards pay packet -- stole the show with a brief six-minute cameo . It was the fourth season running the NBA has staged a pre-season tour of Europe , a dress rehearsal for the regular season games due to take place in London next March . By ripping up the rule book , basketball is outmaneuvering football in key markets like China , Africa and the Middle East . Football 's position as the world 's most popular sport is under threat . "  We 've seen a lot of success in China in the past few years , especially with -LSB- Houston Rocket 's center -RSB- Yao Ming , " explained Sophie Goldschmidt , senior vice president for NBA Europe . "  We have seen positive growth in our regions , the Middle East and Africa . In the Middle East basketball is the fastest growing team sport . Football is still dominant but we have seen a huge surge and we are launching an Arabic language website too . " The example of China is telling . Long seen as the next great market for FIFA , football 's global governing body , with its 1.3 billion potential fans , the game 's organization has been mired by accusations of match-fixing and bribery . Earlier this year the former head of the Chinese Super League , Nan Yong , and his deputy Yung Yimin , were arrested on charges of match fixing and bribery . The scandal has been a huge boon for basketball , and in particular the NBA , in China . It has overtaken football as the most watched sport in the country -- the NBA estimates 450 million people now tune in -- and more than 300 million play the game . "  The NBA in China is massively successful and puts football to shame , " explains Rowan Simons , author of Bamboo Goalposts , a book about his attempts to set up amateur football clubs in China . "  The NBA set up NBA China , selling 11 per cent -LSB- worth $ 253 million -RSB- to ESPN and Disney . It has several hundred employees . The head of NBA China is Tim Chen -LSB- former CEO of Microsoft China -RSB- . "  It 's a big investment play for hearts and minds of Chinese sports fans . They are working with the Chinese government to get a basketball court into ever village in China , " added Simons . "  Marketing , franchised teams , sponsorship , AEG building the stadiums ; it 's all coordinated in one NBA push . Then you look at football . Internationally , football has no representation in China . Manchester United has one office in Hong Kong . " The reason why the NBA has avoided some of the problems that football has faced , according to Goldschmidt , is down to the NBA 's centralized structure and subsequent dominance of the global game . Whilst FIFA entrusts a single Football Association  FA  to develop the game in each country , the NBA has n't been encumbered with the same restraints . "  Football has done an amazing job ... and if sport 's growing everyone is a winner , " concedes Goldschmidt . "  But the NBA is very different . A great thing for the NBA is that it has the best players in the world ; -LSB- whereas -RSB- you have lots of great leagues in football . We have a different structure . Because of that centralized control we can control and develop our brand . " But according to some , there are far bigger shifts that explain the growing popularity of basketball at the expense of football . Namely , increased global urbanization . "  The war between football and basketball is actually dozens of individual civil wars between city and country , urban and rural , " explains Os Davis editor of the ballineurope.com website . "  Basketball programs , facilities and equipment for youth , pros and even casual play are available in metropolises from Barcelona to Moscow as outdoor playing fields slowly disappear . "  Football is , and probably always will be , the game of the people , but basketball is the sport of the modern world : internationalized , well-marketed , fast-paced and urban . " The success of this summer 's football World Cup in South Africa , the single most watched sporting event on the planet , proves that football is still in the box seat when it comes to global popularity . But , equally , the success of this week 's NBA tour in Europe , not to mention it 's wider successes in Asia , show that it ca n't take its position for granted . " -LSB- In ten years time -RSB- I think there will be associated leagues under the NBA umbrella on different continents and , likely , an NBA division in Europe , " David Stern , the commissioner of the NBA , told CNN in London shortly before the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the LA Lakers 111-92 . "  The world will be playing enormous , enormous amounts of basketball . " Even in the "  Beautiful Game 's " backyard , football should watch its back .	Next March will see the NBA stage its first ever regular season games in London "  Basketball is the sport of the modern world , " Os Davis editor of the ballineurope.com Premier League 's plan to play a 39th game abroad was "  quietly dropped " "  In the Middle East basketball is the fastest growing sport , " NBA 's Sophie Goldschmidt
Paris  CNN  -- We 're at a soup kitchen in a shabby back street in Paris , next to the canal Saint Martin , near the JaurÃ ¨ s metro stop . Hundreds of homeless people are queuing up for some hot food and a coffee . Most of them are from Asia ; many from Afghanistan and Bangladesh . Among them are dozens of children , their grimy faces , vacant stares and worn clothes redolent of months on the road . Some have walked hundreds of miles to escape the violence of Afghanistan . They have been told to get to JaurÃ ¨ s metro in Paris and they will be looked after . Often the people-traffickers dump them here , feeling they have fulfilled their part of the bargain : to get them to the West . We talked to two 14-year-olds who do n't want to go on camera . They had arrived that day from Italy , after traveling through Iran , Turkey and Greece . The story they told us is typical : Their families paid thousands of dollars to send them to the west in the hands of smugglers . The journey was extremely perilous . They traveled in the backs of trucks , cars and at times walking across mountain ranges ; it took them nine months to get to Paris . Like many of the children we spoke to , they risked frostbite during their dangerous traversing of mountains in Iran and Turkey . They claimed Iranian border guards shot at them as they crossed the frontier . But despite of the risks they kept going -- lured by the promises of lucrative jobs in France . The reality when they arrive is very different . Most of them are aged between 14 and 18 years old . Theoretically the French state has a duty of care for unaccompanied minors , but these teenagers must prove their age . Often they do n't have the documents necessary to show their age , and so they are left to sleep on the streets . One charity , France Terre d'Asile  France : Haven  is trying to help , but it is hopelessly overwhelmed . The group estimates that some 6,000 foreign children arrive illegally in France each year -- most turn up in Paris expecting to be able to work to send money home to their families . That is , of course , illegal , so there are faced with entering the black market or surviving on handouts . The lucky ones may get a place in a reception center run by a charity . We filmed at one hostel which has just 25 beds . When we were there , 45 children turned up needing somewhere to sleep . It was cold and raining and only the youngest were admitted . The rest were forced to once again sleep on the streets . Mohammed is typical : He spent three months sleeping in a park before finally getting a hotel room provided by the French state , once he was able to prove he was 16 years old . He was lucky : his sister was able to fax a copy of his birth certificate . But many of his friends are still sleeping outside , because they ca n't prove their age . He tells me about the frequent fights between different ethnics groups -- Tajiks beaten by Hazaras , Pashtuns clashing with Bangladeshis . Muggings , drug abuse and the ever present sex-trade were all daily risks for him . His story is a microcosm of the problems that have consumed Afghanistan for three decades : He was orphaned by war and disease -- his father was killed by the Taliban , his mother died of tuberculosis . His uncle physically abused him for years until finally his brother-in-law agreed to lend him $ 6,000 so he could buy his passage to the west , but on arriving in Paris , his dreams of a job and a new life were quickly shattered . Now he has begun to make a start on improving his life , learning French , and getting his first taste of the internet . His prospects remain bleak , but at least he has a bed to sleep in each night -- unlike so many of the other Afghan children who are surviving on the streets of Paris .	Afghan families pay thousands of dollars to send youngsters to the West Journey is perilous and can take many months Teenagers arrive in Paris with dreams of working to send money back home Instead , unable to prove their age , many find themselves living on the streets
Tens of thousands of protesters converged on Mexico City on Thursday to vent their frustration and anger over the disappearance of 43 college students , presumed by many to be dead , and widespread political corruption . Students , union workers and supporters from around the country streamed into the Mexican capital 's main square , known as the Zocalo , for a demonstration that had been largely peaceful before ending in pitched battles between riot police and groups of protesters throwing rocks and Molotov cocktails . Before these clashes , protesters marched into the square chanting "  Justice ! Justice ! " They carried banners and hand-made posters featuring pictures of the students who disappeared at the end of September . One group burned a giant doll resembling President Enrique Pena Nieto , who has come under fire for what some saw as his slow reaction to the students ' disappearance and for traveling abroad as protests spread across the country . Others waved Mexican flags painted black to mourn the mostly poor , rural Mexicans who have disappeared or been killed in recent years amid the country 's drug violence . "  The problem is n't just the 43 students , it 's the thousands more that disappeared before them , " said a vendor from the state of Mexico who traveled to the capital by bus to participate in the march . "  We 've ignored them for too long . We 're not going to be quiet any longer . " The students , mostly young men in their 20s who been taking classes to become teachers at a rural school in the southern state of Guerrero , on September 26 had taken buses and vans to nearby Iguala for a protest . Local police blocked the highway leading into the city and shot at the students ' vehicles , killing at least one student . Officers took the remaining students away and , Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam has said , handed them over to a local criminal gang known as Guerreros Unidos . That gang not only had infiltrated the police department but was also complicit with Abarca , his wife and the now-former police chief , according to the attorney general . The gang burned the bodies and dumped them in a river , authorities say . But the students ' families say they wo n't believe the account until there is proof and a thorough investigation . At Thursday 's march , relatives led demonstrators in chanting , "  They were taken away alive , we want them back alive ! " In the days leading up to the protests , the families had traveled around Mexico in three caravans seeking support . The relatives also implored the backers to ensure the march was peaceful . When the protest showed signs of turning violent on Thursday night , they left . In fact , peaceful speeches and marches marked the event 's first three-plus hours . But then a group of protesters -- with their faces covered -- clashed with police guarding the door to the National Palace that faces the Zocalo . Many demonstrators panicked and ran to get away from the violence , leading to a stampedes . Others retreated , chanting "  Justice ! " and slowly counting from one to 43 . After a prolonged standoff with protesters throwing rocks and fireworks , hundreds of riot police swept across the Zocalo bearing shields and batons to clear out the area . Some of them used fire extinguishers against the protesters . Mounting fury over government officials ' response to -- and possible role in -- the students ' disappearance has convulsed the country for weeks , posing a growing challenge to Mexico 's President amid demonstrations where at times violence has flared .	The demonstration was peaceful for hours before clashes broke out Some protesters threw rocks , Molotov cocktails in Mexico City 's main square The demonstrators hit the streets to demand justice for 43 missing students
CNN  -- When 14 members of the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church showed up at the University of Missouri Saturday to protest the presence of openly gay football player Michael Sam at an NCAA basketball game against Tennessee , they were in for a bit of a surprise . Sam , who acknowledged he is gay on February 9 , has received a great deal of support from around the globe , but his fellow students were about to go one step further . Missouri students Kelaney Lakers and Alix Carruth organized an event called "  One Wall , One Mizzou , " which drew hundreds of people to the campus Saturday afternoon for the purpose of supporting Sam . According to the group event 's Facebook page , the students planned to form a human wall to block off the Westboro protesters . "  The focus of this wall is unification behind Sam to represent this school as One , " the Facebook page stated . A total of 4,952 people responded to the page . The Westboro protesters had announced that they planned to show up at 1:30 p.m. , so the Mizzou students assembled at 1 p.m. and formed a long human chain that surrounded the campus . Many wore the school colors of black and gold and carried handmade signs that used the hashtag #StandwithSam . By the time Westboro protestors did arrive , all they could do was wave their signs , because they could n't get close to the school . HLN affiliate KMIZ reported that police were on hand for the event , but that the Westboro protesters and the event attendees did not have any negative interactions . "  We 're thankful that both groups kept it professional in the fact of how they expressed their points of view , " university police department Capt. Brian Weime told KMIZ . "  There were no problems or issues between the groups which is good . " University Vice Chancellor Dr. Catherine C. Scroggs , who also attended the event , told HLN that she was very happy with the way students conducted themselves . "  The way they addressed it made us proud , " Scroggs said . "  The Missouri Students Association was also on hand , giving out ` Stand with Sam ' buttons to administrators and students . They ran out and they had a thousand , so we know at least that many people were there ! " The university tweeted photos from the event from their official account : Tweet : @Mizzou The line of Mizzou students stretched from Providence to nearly Champions Drive at its peak . #StandWithSam Tweet : @Mizzou #Mizzou students linked arms and sang our fight songs and the alma mater . #StandWithSam Sam showed his gratitude by tweeting to supporters : @MikeSamFootball Thank you for all of my Mizzou family for your support . Divided we are weak , Together We are Strong . #OneMizzou At halftime of the basketball game , the school presented its football team with the Cotton Bowl trophy . Sam raised it high , to a standing ovation .	Westboro Baptist Church staged a protest Saturday at the University of Missouri Students organized an event to support the school and football star Michael Sam Students formed a human wall that blocked off Westboro protesters Sam recently revealed that he is gay
CNN  -- Microsoft has slashed the price of its Xbox One console and is offering the device without the accompanying Kinect motion-control system . Beginning on June 9 , Microsoft will offer the Xbox One for $ 399 in all markets where it 's sold -- a $ 100 price cut from the bundled version with Kinect . Customers can place preorders now . In a post Tuesday morning , Microsoft also announced the Xbox One and older Xbox 360 console will no longer require a Live Gold subscription , which cost $ 60 a year , to access streaming apps like Netflix , Hulu Plus , YouTube and HBO Go . "  Your feedback matters to us and it shapes the products and services we build , " said Xbox chief Phil Spencer in announcing the move , which suggests Microsoft heeded gamers ' complaints that the Xbox One was too expensive . With the move Microsoft is pricing the Xbox One in direct competition with rival Sony 's PlayStation 4 , which also costs $ 399 . Both consoles launched to great fanfare last November , although the PS4 has outsold the Xbox so far . The PS4 does not charge a subscription fee for access to streaming services . If customers buy an Xbox One for $ 399 and later decide they want Kinect , Microsoft said a standalone Kinect sensor will become available for sale this fall . And Microsoft will continue to sell a premium Xbox One system , with Kinect , for $ 499 . Kinect lets users control their Xboxes , and in-game avatars , through voice commands and by moving their bodies to simulate movements in a game . More than 80 % of Xbox One owners are actively using Kinect , Microsoft said Tuesday .	Beginning on June 9 , Microsoft will offer the Xbox One for $ 399 in all markets It 's now selling the device without its Kinect motion-control system Xbox One , Xbox 360 consoles will no longer require a Live Gold subscription
London  CNN  -- It 's a classic family scene . The proud parents showing off their new baby in the garden . A doting grandpa snapping photographs . Fine for Facebook or Instagram . But when the baby in question is the future British king , and the photos are the first official photos , it does n't take long for the world to weigh in -- on their quality , no less . Most seem to agree that Michael Middleton , father of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , and granddad to Prince George of Cambridge , should leave royal photography to the professionals . "  They are lovely snaps for a grandfather to have taken . But in terms of the quality , they are not really what you want for such a historic picture " is the verdict of Eddie Mulholland , vice chairman of the British Press Photographers Association and a photographer for the Daily Telegraph . The Daily Mail describes Catherine and Prince William 's decision to use "  one of proud grandpa Mike 's happy family snaps " as "  a startling break with tradition . " Most criticism zeroed in on the focus and the lighting -- always a challenge for amateur photographers not equipped with fancy flashes or reflectors . Prince William and Catherine , the latter holding Prince George swaddled in a white blanket , are posed on the lawn of her parents ' home in Berkshire with the sun behind them , a difficult shot to pull off . "  I guess the reason Kate 's father chose backlight was to avoid bright sun on little George , " speculates the Mirror 's royal photographer , Kent Gavin . He 's happy to share some advice though . "  Back-lighting is always a little tricky for the non-professionals but it does give a nice result . Photographing against the sun needs a fill-in flash . Another option would be to use an area in shade away from harsh light . " His other tip ? "  My professional view would be to see more of baby George . " ` Babies , happy parents and dogs all bring smiles ' The inclusion of the family pets -- the Cambridges ' cocker spaniel Lupo and the Middletons ' golden retriever Tilly -- in some of the snaps also gets a mixed reception . A reporter for The Times of London remarked that the official photographs came "  in a choice of formats : with or without dogs . " Mulholland , of the Telegraph , was more scathing . "  The photograph with the dogs is the worst . One of the dogs in the corner looks like a furry rug , " he wrote . But the pictures got a more favorable write-up from some CNN readers who commented on the story . "  Babies , happy parents and dogs all bring smiles and the world needs more smiles ! " said Earlypro . "  Its nice to see a family snap and not a professional one . Its a special time with a new baby I hope the press backs off and let them enjoy it , " wrote Ann . The public also weighed in on Twitter . "  Who cares ? The photos are beautiful and show a new family ! I think it 's great that ` Grandad ' got to take the photos , " tweeted MammaMia , a mother of two from the English West Midlands . "  I 'm no royal watcher , but love choice new family made to release photos snapped by baby George grampa . Can u blame them ? " posted @MemoryMan Studios , a portrait studio in Dublin , Ireland . No ` feeling of grandeur ' However , John Keatley , an editorial and celebrity photographer in Seattle , told CNN that taking such informal pictures jars the royal "  brand . " "  The amateur image that these photos put across certainly does n't create the most grand or royal image in the viewer 's mind , " he said . "  They 're decent photos . They 're not terrible . But at the same time , they certainly do n't have the same shine and pop and feeling of grandeur that you often see from official royal family photos . " He acknowledged that the family may have been trying to project a casual , informal image . But , he added , "  You can still make it casual . But this is just casual and poor quality . They did n't have to make a bad quality product to put that idea across . " Christopher Barr , a professional photographer in Arizona , agrees . "  It 's obvious that a professional did n't take these . It has n't been color-corrected . Even somebody with a modicum of Photoshop knowledge could improve these pictures immeasurably , " he said . "  It 's not a very good effort . It 's a particularly poor effort given that he 's taking pictures of such an important thing at such an important time . " But Lana Marks , a friend of the late Diana , Princess of Wales , told CNN 's "  AC360 " show that she thinks William 's mother would have been delighted by his approach . "  One of the things she told me is that she so much wanted William to have a normal life with his family in the future , with whoever he wed and had children with , " she said . "  All of her dreams have come true and her legacy 's coming true , and all the influences she 's had on William , the normalcy , is showing through so greatly now . She would be immensely happy . " INTERACTIVE : Where does Prince George of Cambridge fit in to the royal family tree ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London , and Melissa Gray reported in Atlanta .	"  Babies , happy parents and dogs all bring smiles , " CNN reader says of the pictures Professional photographers question the lighting , focus and composition of the snaps "  They 're not terrible , " but they do n't have royal grandeur , says one photographer "  You can still make it casual , but this is just casual and poor quality , " says another
CNN  -- Italian authorities found 25 dead bodies in a boat that was carrying refugees and was discovered off the coast of the southern island of Lampedusa , an Italian official news agency reported Monday . The bodies of the victims -- all males -- were found during an inspection of the boat after it was accompanied ashore , the ANSA news agency said . Officials could not immediately say how the men died nor did they know from where the boat departed . The boat was also carrying 271 other passengers , including 36 women and 21 children , the news agency said . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter European Union countries . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa in the last year . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have taken the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered Lampedusa 's residents , who number about 6,000 .	The deceased are all men , the ANSA news agency says Lampedusa is the closest Italian island to Africa It has become a destination for thousands of refugees seeking to enter EU countries
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- There was a scene from the "  West Wing " that speaks to what happens when a leader says enough is enough and is moved to action . President Bush should step up to deal with Hurricane Katrina 's aftermath , says Roland S. Martin . The fictitious president , Josiah Bartlett , watches from a distance as the Teamsters union and UPS try to reach a bargaining agreement , but nothing is happening . As he attends a state dinner , he calls them all to the White House . When he walks in , the bickering begins . After a few seconds , he essentially says , "  Shut up . You guys have messed around , and I 'm not going to have this nation paralyzed by your inaction . You ¹ re going to sit in this room until you figure it out . Now get to work . And when I return , I want to see an agreement . " Of course , this is easier said than done , and on television , everything gets solved during a one-hour show . But the basic premise remains the same : When the president of the United States wants to step in and make something happen , he will . He is the most powerful person on the planet , so what 's the problem with the Katrina recovery effort ? Bush said he was going to appoint a czar over the Gulf Coast , and he often refers to Don Powell as being that guy , but he does n't have the power . In fact , Rep. Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , says he is having to use persuasive powers -- as opposed to having the statutory power -- to make it a reality . You ca n't cut through red tape if you do n't have a pair of scissors to do it . So how do we make it happen ? President Bush needs to stop the back and forth taking place and order New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin , Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco , certain members of Congress , Powell , and other leaders to come to Camp David , sit down , come up with a workable plan , and get it going . He should say , "  I do n't care how long you guys sit in this room . I do n't care how long it takes . But you are going to devise a clear and concise plan , and once you ¹ re done , we are going to go to the Rose Garden , hold a news conference for the rest of the world to hear it and then get to work . " If there are onerous rules that are getting in the way of progress , give Powell the power to change them . If contractors are dragging their feet and doing shoddy work , fire them . Stick everyone responsible for recovery in one building and say this is the nerve center and all operations are being handled here . It 's pathetic being down here and listening to the finger-pointing , backstabbing , accusations of ineptness on the part of the city , state and federal government . All I keep hearing is "  We need a plan , we need a plan . " Ask the mayor 's office and they will say , "  We 've got a plan . " Call the governor 's office and they will tell you there is a plan . But when you ask to see it , no one seems to be able to come up with it . As a result , we get spending that is out of control ; waste taking place at all levels ; money sent to the state that has n't been spent ; and the people who need the help , those who lost everything , sit in limbo . Mr. President , you 've been accused of being John Wayne . Well , act the part . Pull a John Wayne and save the day . The only thing that is going to move this ball along is forceful leadership . And the only person who can do it is President Bush . No more paralysis by analysis . The money to build will come from the federal government . The head of the federal government is the president . If the president truly cared , and wanted to end the bickering and inaction , he could make this happen . People are desperately waiting for someone , anyone , to step up . President Bush , you ¹ re the commander in chief . Command the players to get to work . Today . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning , multifaceted journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian Communications at Louisiana Baptist University , and is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith . " You can read more of his columns at www.rolandsmartin.com The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	No more paralysis by analysis , Martin says Create a nerve center of operations for Katrina recovery , he says Martin : It 's up to President Bush
CNN  You know the phrase "  dodging a bullet " ? Forget about it . Probably not going to happen anymore . The U.S. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet . In February , the "  smart bullets " -- .50 - caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date , according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , or DARPA . In the tests , an experienced marksman "  repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , " a DARPA statement said . "  Additionally , " the statement said , "  a novice shooter using the system for the first time hit a moving target . " In other words , now you do n't even have to be a good shot to hit the mark . The system has been developed by DARPA 's Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program , known as EXACTO . "  True to DARPA 's mission , EXACTO has demonstrated what was once thought impossible : the continuous guidance of a small-caliber bullet to target , " said Jerome Dunn , DARPA program manager . "  This live-fire demonstration from a standard rifle showed that EXACTO is able to hit moving and evading targets with extreme accuracy at sniper ranges unachievable with traditional rounds . Fitting EXACTO 's guidance capabilities into a small .50 - caliber size is a major breakthrough and opens the door to what could be possible in future guided projectiles across all calibers , " Dunn said . Videos supplied by DARPA show the bullets making sharp turns in midair as they pursue their targets . It all conjures up images of a cartoon character frantically fleeing a bullet that follows him wherever he goes . Only , these bullets are traveling at hundreds of miles per hour . And even the Road Runner ca n't run that fast . DARPA says the smart bullets will also help shooters who are trying , for example , to hit targets in high winds . The goals of the EXACTO program are giving shooters accuracy at greater distances , engaging targets sooner and enhancing the safety of American troops , DARPA said .	.50 - caliber bullets equipped with optical sensors can follow moving targets The "  smart bullets " can help shooters compensate for high winds The goal of the program is to give shooters greater range and make American troops safer
CNN  -- After four years and more than $ 100 million spent by the international community , the Khmer Rouge Tribunal rendered its first verdict Monday . Kaing Guek Eav , better known as Duch , was found guilty of war crimes and sentenced to serve up to 19 more years in prison in what was an open-and-shut case . From the start , Duch , a born-again Christian , fully admitted his leadership role in Phnom Penh 's infamous Tuol Sleng , a school-turned-torture center , where more than 14,000 people were killed . On this momentous occasion , I 'd like to step back by reflecting upon and give voice to one victim of the Khmer Rouge : my late mother , Cam Youk Lim . My mom passed away in October at the age of 73 in Northern California . When she was only 39 , she had managed to outwit the Khmer Rouge and the Vietnamese communists by escaping Cambodia to Vietnam with five young children , including me . She did n't live to see this day , but no matter , for her justice would inevitably be rendered the Buddhist way . She decided long ago the Khmer Rouge were Karmic pestilence who would pay the price for their crimes , if not in this lifetime , then in their next life . She was an incredible woman . She grew up in an age and place when women were the property of men , and yet she sought independence . On her home was a sign "  Propriété de Madame Lim "  Property of Mrs. Lim  . She married my father in the 1960s and on April 17 , 1975 , we ended up in Pursat province , where my father was made to work until he died . One day , the Khmer Rouge chief told the village that Vietnamese citizens would be allowed to return to Vietnam . She decided to take a chance and claim to be Vietnamese . It was a dangerous gamble . If it turned out that she was wrong , she would certainly have been killed . People in the commune warned her it might be a trap . " Auntie , they 're lying , they 'll kill you when you go back there , " they said . " To stay is to die , to go is to die , so I might as well go , " she told them . As she arrived in the camp on the Cambodian border with Vietnam , she discovered that she 'd given all the boys girls ' names and all the girls boys ' names . Her spoken Vietnamese was that bad . But because of the kindness of a stranger , Mrs. Teuv , who pointed this out to her and then tutored her for the next couple of days , her Vietnamese improved so much that she passed the language test that the Khmer Rouge and the Vietnamese cadres gave her . Remember , if she failed , we would all be dead . Imagine the courage it took for her to stand there and pretend to be someone she was not : Vietnamese . On the day of the interview , she wrapped us in blankets and made us pretend to be sick so we would not be questioned . The Vietnamese cadre asked her : " Sister what is your name ? " She answered in her best Saigon accent : " My name is Nguyen Thi Lan , " a name she 'd given herself . They kept asking whether my father , who had owned a small drugstore , had been a big shot . She stuck to her story . " No , he was a trader , that 's all . " Read more about Sophal Ear and his family 's journey When at last she received permission to leave Cambodia , she was so happy . This chance to leave was like being reborn with all of her children . On the boat to Vietnam , she was given rice and canned milk for me , as the baby . Without even warming it up , she fed it to me until I became bloated and sick . My sister Sophie cried : " I want noodles ! I want noodles ! " Mom had no money , so she sold her last ring and bought a pot and some three-layered pork fat to make our first real meal in six months . It was her determination that allowed us to survive , for even after reaching Vietnam 's Mekong Delta , we were not out of the woods . Vietnamese authorities told us to find family or we 'd be taken to a collective farm , which was n't much better than living under the Khmer Rouge . As luck would have it , mom bumped into someone who knew her sister and brother-in-law , who lived in Ho Chi Minh City  Saigon  . She asked that word be sent , and soon after , on a boat down the Mekong , her brother-in-law came to the rescue . He bribed guards to let us out in the middle of the night and in January 1976 , we were finally safe . Over the next two years , mom somehow managed to survive by her wits and the money another sister who lived in California sent her . The next challenge was how to get out of communist Vietnam . Without diplomatic relations , the U.S. was impossible to reach after the Vietnam War , but France was an option . Getting to France in 1978 took a lot of work . For one thing , mom had no direct family there , and someone with the same last name had to be found and persuaded to sign papers claiming a family relationship . After signing the papers , they got lost in the mail . There again , a random person helped . A Frenchman forged signatures , cajoled and yelled at staff in a French government offices . He once demanded they reopen because , by his watch , it was n't yet closing time . In France , mom worked hard to sew fancy tablecloths and napkins with embroidered flowers . In 1985 , she packed up her bags again and took her three youngest kids  Sam , Sophie and I were minors  to start a new life in the United States . She worked as a seamstress in the garment factories of Oakland 's Chinatown , making wedding gowns that had labels we 'd never heard of , much less could afford . She used those same skills to make Sophie clothes that were just as good and custom-made . All through this time , she pressed us to study in school and to go on to college . She was not interested in a life of quick riches . Cutting school short to work was out of the question . She believed in education , and for her , education was not only about making money , it was about learning how to think . All this was from a woman who had seven years of formal schooling . Somehow , she did n't need any more to know that our responsibility was to get an education . And we did . Sam graduated from San Francisco State University and now works as a software engineer . Sophie finished UC San Francisco as a pharmacist . I received my UC Berkeley PhD and became a professor . The Talmud says that if you save a life , you save the world . The Chinese have another proverb : "  When you save a life , you are responsible for that life . " My mom saved six lives from the Killing Fields , and with 14 grandkids and counting , she has saved 20 lives to date . I say counting because two days ago , I learned that my wife is expecting our second child . Thanks , mom , for helping to bring new hope into this world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Sophal Ear and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Department of the Navy , the Department of Defense or the U.S. Government .	A tribunal has begun prosecution of crimes committed by the Khmer Rouge regime Sophal Ear says his mother , who fled Cambodia , believed killers would pay for their crime She and her children were able to escape from Cambodia by posing as Vietnamese Ear 's mother worked hard in France , U.S. , to make sure her children got a good education
Facebook wants you to know it does n't see customers as a mass of faceless moneymaking advertising targets . It understands that you , and the other billion individuals who log on to the social network , are flesh-and-blood humans with feelings . That 's why the company no longer refers to members as "  users " internally . Instead it calls them "  people . " The switch in lingo has even trickled down to internal computer programs . Margaret Gould Stewart , the company 's director of product design , explained Facebook 's softened approach to humanizing its customers at the Atlantic Technology Conference in San Francisco on Wednesday . "  It 's kind of arrogant to think that the only reason that people exist is to use what you built . They actually have lives , like , outside of the experience they have using your product , " she said . Facebook has an empathy team that designs programs to help engineers and designers understand what it means to be an advertiser or small business -- an experience Stewart says they can not immediately relate to . That can help Facebook employees create better products for those advertisers and be more invested in figuring out why a campaign did or did n't take off with Facebook users  sorry , people  . On its own , swapping out a few words does n't mean much , but it shows that a giant global company is working to shift its internal culture . If engineers , designers and other employees think of the real people on the other side of their products , it might help them create something more personal and human . And that , of course , will make it a little easier to serve people ads .	Facebook stops calling members "  users " and switches to "  people " It also has an empathy team to help advertisers humanize customers Empathy team helps employees and advertisers see the site from users ' point of view
CNN  -- Chechen security agents have killed a top al Qaeda militant believed to responsible for numerous terrorist attacks in Russia 's Northern Caucasus region , officials announced Friday . Chechnya 's Interior Ministry said Yusef Muhammed al Emirat , a native of Saudi Arabia , died Thursday during a sting operation in the mountainous district of south Chechnya . He also operated under the name "  Mohanned . " "  Mohanned was one of the most notorious warlords , " Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov told reporters in the Chechen capital , Grozny . "  For a long period of time , he was responsible for supplying armed groups with money , training militants and devising plans to commit terrorist acts . " Russia 's National Anti-Terrorist Committee said Mohanned was "  directly involved in virtually every suicide terrorist attack committed in the Russian Federation over the past few years , " according to intelligence information gained from captured Chechen rebels . According to the Interior Ministry , Mohanned and another rebel , Chechen Ilez Sultygov , were killed on Thursday after security forces approached the men and ordered them to surrender . Police said they responded with machine-gun fire and were killed . No security officers were killed or wounded . Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence in the 1990s , but in recent years , the fight has been aimed more at imposing Islamist rule and asserting their authority in the area . The fight has exacted a heavy toll in the North Caucasus region where Chechnya is located , and has now spread to other regions of Russia . The standard of living in the southwestern republic is poor compared with the rest of Russia . Unemployment is rampant and infant mortality is high . In addition , the Chechen population of about 1 million is mostly made up of Sunni Muslims , who maintain a distinctly different cultural and linguistic identity from Russian Orthodox Christians . The conflict dates back some 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced from the fighting . A Chechen rebel leader took the responsibility for the deadly bombings that rocked two subway stations in central Moscow in March 2010 . Russian security forces killed 17 suspected militants in the southern Russian region of Ingushetia last month , after a January 24 airport suicide bombing in Moscow this year . In addition , Chechen rebels held 700 audience-members hostage in a Moscow theater in 2002 . A Russian effort to free them resulted in the deaths of 120 hostages . Chechen rebels also were accused of downing two Russian airplanes in 2004 . And they took over a school in Beslan in the North Ossetia region in 2004 . When the siege ended , more than 330 people had died -- half of them children . In recent years , the insurgency has moved to the east and the west -- to the republics of Dagestan and Ingushetia , where rebels are fighting troops to destabilize the region .	Two al Qaeda militants die on Thursday after Chechen security forces confront them Chechen 's president says one of the militants was responsible for supplying armed groups in the region Yusef Muhammed al Emirat is accused of being involved in nearly every suicide attack in the Russian Federation in recent years Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Three men were detained in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Thursday following a deadly blast outside the Delhi High Court a day earlier , police said . Islamic extremist group Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami claimed responsibility for the attack in an email to several TV news channels . "  We are questioning the owner of a cyber cafe and some other people to establish the identity of the email sender , said K. Rajendra , a police director . "  We can confirm the email was sent from Kistwar area . " Eleven people were killed Wednesday when a bomb inside a briefcase went off outside the court , the Home Ministry said . An additional 74 people were injured . It was the second explosion outside the court complex in four months . The NIA , a security agency set up after the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008 , has joined the investigation along with police and the National Security Guard . The blast took place mid-morning , after the court opened and shortly before cases usually begin . It was a particularly busy day at the court . Wednesdays are dubbed "  public interest litigation " days , when many members of the public arrive to put cases before judges . The briefcase was placed in front of Gate No. 5 , used by litigants and lawyers . From CNN 's Mukhtar Ahmad and Sumnima Udas	The men are detained in Indian-controlled Kashmir This is the second blast outside the court complex in four months The bomb is placed in a briefcase outside a gate The blast kills 11 and wounds 74 , the Home Ministry says
Mexican authorities accused four top military officials of connections with organized crime in a high-profile case that has renewed debate over the role of government troops in the drug war . A former deputy defense secretary was among the officials in a maximum-security prison in central Mexico Wednesday , a day after prosecutors accused them of having cartel ties . One of Mexico 's most notorious accused drug lords , Edgar "  La Barbie " Valdez Villarreal , was also indicted in the case Tuesday , but authorities did not specify the connection between him and the military officials . Authorites have described the American-born Valdez , known as "  La Barbie " because of his blue eyes and fair complexion , as one of the most ruthless drug traffickers in Mexico . A judge charged him with homicide Tuesday , but authorities did not provide details about the allegations against him . Valdez is also accused in the United States of attempting to launder money and conspiring to import and distribute cocaine . More than 47,500 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon announced a crackdown on cartels . In the halls of Mexico 's Congress , this week 's indictment of the military officials rekindled discussion over a hallmark of Calderon 's strategy : deploying thousands of troops into the streets to patrol hot spots where warring cartels are battling over turf . "  While the army is in the streets , when there are these kinds of topics that are very sensitive coming up , it seems to me that we must look at this process with all the transparency in the world so that there are n't any doubts about the fair trial that everyone deserves , including the generals , " Sen. Ruben Camarillo of the conservative National Action Party told Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . Mary Telma Guajardo of the leftist Democratic Revolution Party told Notimex that the case was an unfortunate sign that organized crime had infiltrated the military 's ranks . "  We have to find a way to protect the Mexican Army because it is one of our most prestigious institutions , " she said . Brig. Gen. Roberto Dawe Gonzalez , retired Lt. Col. Silvio Isidro de Jesus Hernandez Soto and retired Gen. Ricardo Escorcia Vargas and Tomas Angeles Dauahare -- a retired general and former deputy defense secretary -- were charged Tuesday . The military officials were arrested in May , but Tuesday 's indictment marked the first time formal charges were brought against them . Angeles ' attorney , Ricardo Sanchez , told CNNMexico.com that the former defense official had been expecting the charges and welcomed the opportunity to defend his innocence in a trial . In May , after the officials were detained , all three major political parties in Mexico called for a full investigation into reports that he and other officers were being bribed to protect the now defunct Beltran Leyva cartel . Lawmakers have lamented what could be one of the highest-level corruption cases in Mexico 's recent history . "  If proven , the full weight of the law must be applied because they have been federal government officials and are responsible for combating organized crime , and if they are colluding with them the punishment should set an example , " legislator Arturo Santana told state-run media .	A former deputy defense secretary is charged with connections to organized crime Four top military officials are in a maximum-security prison A notorious suspected drug lord is also accused in the case The case rekindles debate over the military 's role in Mexico 's drug war
CNN  -- Issac is expected to move over Arkansas on Friday and over southern Missouri Friday night after lingering over the Louisiana area dumping heavy rains for days . After making landfall on Tuesday night as a powerful Category 1 hurricane , Issac has weakened and was downgraded to a tropical storm than a tropical depression . It came virtually on the same day , seven years after Katrina devastated Louisiana and for some Issac felt too much like the deadly hurricane that is blamed for the deaths of 1,800 people . "  This is unbelievable . Deja vu , man , " said Billy Nungesser , the president of Plaquemines Parish , Thursday as he surveyed the hard-hit town of Ironton that was inundated by floodwaters and sludge . "  There is more water here than Katrina . " But for the many that braced for the worse and were spared , Friday is a day to breath a sigh of relief and to continue to clean up the mess Issac left behind . State government offices in at least 13 parishes would remained closed Friday because of flooding and most others would reopen , CNN affiliate WBRZ reported . Emergency crews were also trying to restore power to many . More than 827,000 customers -- down from 915,000 earlier in the day -- had no electricity across Arkansas , Alabama , Louisiana and Mississippi , utility companies reported Thursday . One company , Coast Electric Power , reduced a high of 30,000 outages to 8,000 by Thursday evening The bodies of a man and woman were found in 7 feet of water at a home in Plaquemines Parish , officials said late Thursday . An autopsy will be conducted to determine the cause of the death of the couple , described as being their 40s , Nungesser told CNN . The two were found late Thursday afternoon in the home 's kitchen . The house is on the parish 's East Bank , said Commander Terry Rutherford of the Plaquemines Parish Sheriff 's Office . Officials also intentionally breached a levee in Plaquemines Parish , southeast of New Orleans . The move was needed to help drain floodwaters in the Braithwaite and Scarsdale communities . In Tangipahoa , Parish President Gordon Burgess called for a mandatory evacuation for those living within a half mile of the Tangipahoa River . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said the move was a precaution because if the dam were to break it would only take 90 minutes for floodwaters to get to Kentwood , a town of about 2,200 residents . Later Thursday , Burgess said he did not know how many people had been evacuated along the 54-mile stretch of the river . Kentwood saw 75 people move . "  I 'm feeling much more comfortable tonight and I 'm going to sleep better tonight , " Burgess said . The storm has had a "  major impact " on Mississippi , Gov. Phil Bryant said in Gulfport said Thursday . Also officials in Mississippi earlier reported a storm-related death . A tow truck driver attempting to clear debris on a road was struck and killed by a falling tree , officials said . The incident took place at midnight , said Amanda Harris , deputy director of the Pearl River County Emergency Management office . The National Weather Service said it received reports of the fatality in Picayune . An earthen dam on 700-acre Lake Tangipahoa in Mississippi was holding its own and not leaking late Thursday , despite significant damage , according to the Pike County Emergency Management Agency . Agency director Richard Coghlan said a "  controlled breach " or spillway will be created at the Percy Quin State Park lake to relieve pressure and drain it . Crews were working carefully overnight , moving in equipment to prepare for the operation expected to commence later Friday once water levels drop a bit . "  They do n't want to influence the level of the river any more than they have to . " Residents of 19 houses and seven mobile homes , along with three businesses , below the lake were asked to evacuate . The Mississippi Emergency Management Agency does not expect a catastrophic event , said spokesman Greg Flynn . Coghlan agreed with that assessment . Water levels in most affected areas will gradually subside Friday , the hurricane center said , concluding its reports on Isaac . Isaac moved into southern Arkansas Thursday afternoon , bringing with it the possibility of flash flooding and tornadoes . "  It 's looking more disorganized but it is still putting out quite a bit of rain , " said National Weather Service meteorologist Charles Dalton in Little Rock . Rainfall around Little Rock could total 5 inches by Friday , said Dalton . Higher numbers were expected in the southeastern portion of Arkansas . CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Two bodies found at home in Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana Levee intentionally breached in Louisiana parish Dam still holding in Mississippi state park Power outages reduced
American Kenneth Bae , who is being held in North Korea , has been moved from a hospital to a labor camp , the State Department said on Friday . Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement that the United States was "  deeply concerned " by the development . "  We also remain gravely concerned about Mr. Bae 's health " and again urge Pyongyang to grant him "  special amnesty and immediate release on humanitarian grounds , " she said . Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason , along North Korea 's northeastern coast . A devout Christian and father of three , Bae operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website that friends set up to promote his release . The North Korean government accused Bae of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . Last month , he told reporters that he had committed a "  serious crime " in the secretive nation and that he had not experienced abusive treatment by the regime . Any statement by Bae in captivity would be sanctioned by the North Korean government . Choson Sinbo -- a pro-North Korean publication with offices in Tokyo and Pyongyang that has claimed to have interviewed Bae in the past -- indicated in a report on its website Saturday that it had talked to him again . According to the site , Bae said he 'd been at a labor camp for about three weeks , during which time he works and also has some time to watch television and read books . Choson Sinbo claims that Bae has been told to expect a visit from Robert King , the U.S. special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , as early as this coming Monday . Psaki said late last month that the United States is "  prepared to send Ambassador King " to North Korea to discuss Bae . "  There is n't a plan right now for Ambassador King to travel there , " she said on January 29 .	Pro-North Korean publication : Bae expects a visit from U.S. diplomat soon American says he 's been in labor camp for 3 weeks , reports Choson Sinbo A State Department official says U.S. is "  deeply concerned " by Bae 's move from a hospital Arrested in 2012 , Bae is accused of plotting to topple North Korea government
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Burning rubber on the Bosphorus Situated on the crossroads of both Europe and Asia , Turkey is a strategic location for companies hoping to tap into both markets . This week MME gets an inside look at one foreign company -- Pirelli -- cashing in on Turkey 's strategic advantages , and how its factory in the northwest of the country is churning out Formula One 's prestigious hi-tech tires . FACETIME : Doing business in Turkey In an office overlooking the busy Bosphorus , MME catches up with Turkish businessman Emre Berkin , the former Vice-President of Microsoft Turkey to get his thoughts on the country 's business environment and what advice he gives to budding entrepreneurs , hoping to make it big in the business world . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday : 1545 , Friday : 0845 , Saturday : 0615 Sunday : 0515 , 1545	Turkey is a strategic location for companies hoping to tap into both Europe and Asia MME gets an inside look at one foreign company cashing in on Turkey 's strategic advantages Businessman Emre Berkin shares his thoughts on the country 's business environment
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors deciding if a concert promoter is liable in Michael Jackson 's death will return for a fourth day of deliberations Wednesday . The panel of 12 worked nearly 11 hours since closing arguments Thursday without reaching a verdict , a fact that might offer encouragement to the lawyers for Jackson 's mother and three children . A "  no " decision on the first of 16 questions on their verdict form -- Did AEG Live hire Dr. Conrad Murray -- would have immediately ended the trial without a need to consider the remaining 15 questions that concern negligence and damages . If they 've already completed work on the first question in nearly 11 hours of deliberations , it would represent a major hurdle for the Jacksons ' case in the five-month-long wrongful death trial . Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren Prince , Paris and Blanket contend AEG Live is responsible for the pop icon 's death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted in his death . Jackson died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , which Dr. Conrad Murray told investigators he was using to treat the singer 's insomnia so he could rest for rehearsals . Murray is set to be released from jail later this month after serving two years for involuntary manslaughter . The death happened just days before Jackson 's comeback tour -- promoted and produced by AEG Live -- was set to debut in London in the summer of 2009 . Question No. 1 Did AEG Live hire Murray ? The company 's lawyers contend Jackson chose Murray , who had treated him for three years as a family physician , but Jackson lawyers argue the promoters chose to negotiate their own contract with the doctor so they could control him . A so-called "  smoking gun " e-mail sent by AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware 11 days before Jackson died said , "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " The Jacksons also point to a television interview soon after Jackson died in which AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips said AEG Live "  hired " Murray . If jurors say yes to the hiring question , deliberations then turn to the questions of negligence . Were AEG Live executives negligent in dealing with Murray and did their negligence contribute significantly to Jackson 's death ? AEG Live lawyers argue they had no way of knowing that Murray -- licensed to practice in four states and never sued for malpractice -- was a risk to Jackson . The singer was a secretive drug addict who kept even his closest relatives in the dark about his use of propofol to sleep , they contend . Jackson lawyers contend the company 's agreement with Murray created a medical conflict of interest that led him to break his Hippocratic Oath to do no harm . Murray , who was $ 1 million in debt , was pressured to deliver the risky treatments or else possibly lose the $ 150,000 monthly salary , they argue . Executives ignored a series of warning signs that Jackson was at risk in his last weeks , including deteriorating health that included weight loss , inability to perform his trademark dances or remember lyrics to his standard songs , and paranoia , the Jacksons argue . A sleep expert testified that the nightly propofol infusions robbed Jackson of vital REM sleep , which caused the deterioration . Blame and damages If jurors reach a decision that AEG Live is liable , then they 'll consider other questions to determine how much in damages the promoter must pay Katherine , Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson . Jackson lead lawyer Brian Panish suggested a range between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion to replace the earnings lost by Jackson 's death at age 50 and the non-economic -- or personal -- damages from the loss of a father and son . The damage award , however , would be reduced by the percentage of blame jurors decide Michael Jackson shares in his death . The Jackson lawyer suggested in closing arguments Thursday that they assigned 20 % of the liability to Jackson . Engaged jurors Jurors appeared engaged and entertained through 21 weeks of the trial , which included dramatic testimony by Jackson 's mother , son and former wife . Several jurors even applauded at the end of testimony by famed choreographer-director Kenny Ortega . Their first notes to the judge Friday indicated that Juror No. 6 had been chosen as presiding juror -- or foreman . He is a high school physical education teacher who heads to the football field after each day of court to coach a team . They also asked for 12 copies of the written contract AEG Live sent to Murray , a copy of the "  This Is It " film -- which documents Jackson 's last rehearsals -- and a DVD player . A Jackson lawyer suggested outside of court that it would be a good sign for his side If deliberations last more than a few days -- since it indicates jurors have moved past the key initial questions . CNN 's camera will be in the courtroom when a verdict is read . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos approved the network 's request last week to televise the closing arguments and verdict . She refused a request in April to allow cameras in court for the opening and testimony phase .	NEW : Jurors deliberate nearly 11 hours over 3 days The first question : Did AEG Live hire Dr. Murray ? Lengthy deliberations would benefit the Jacksons , a lawyer suggests A verdict would be televised
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- For the last 15 years , Victoria Vigo has been trying to find the truth about her infertility . After her third child was born dead , the 49-year-old leadership skills instructor who lives in Lima , the Peruvian capital , was never able to conceive again . Three months after losing her child , a doctor confirmed her worst fears : her tubes had been tied without her knowledge or consent . "  I felt mutilated . That 's the truth . My rights as a mother and woman were violated , " Vigo said . Vigo is not the only woman in Peru who was sterilized in the nineties during the government of President Alberto Fujimori . Human rights organizations say there are more than 2,000 documented cases of women who had their tubes tied without their consent . Nobody really knows how many women were forcibly sterilized throughout Peru , but Victor Cubas , the special prosecutor who reopened the investigation in October , says that the number is in the thousands . "  The Peruvian attorney general 's office has knowledge of about 2,000 women  in this situation  , but cases of forced sterilization based on the number of people  who participated in the campaign  could undoubtedly be larger at the national level . There are many women who I 'm sure have n't reported this and therefore their cases are not yet documented , " Cubas said . All inquiries about the sterilizations were shelved in 2009 and it was not until late October when Cubas was tapped to reopen the investigation by the new government of President Ollanta Humala . Rossy Salazar , a human rights attorney at Demus , a women 's rights organization in Peru , also says there could be many more cases . "  What happened was that -LSB- the government -RSB- instituted a policy of quotas , in a way forcing and giving incentives to doctors , gynecologists and nurses to sterilize a minimum of three women every month , " Salazar says . Both government officials and human rights organizations agree that about 300,000 women throughout Peru participated in a birth control campaign during the nineties . The campaign involved several methods including what Peruvian officials call "  voluntary contraceptive surgery " or tying of the Fallopian Tubes . But Salazar says that this particular method was used in women in rural Peru , especially those who spoke no Spanish , without their knowledge and sometimes by force . In a documentary made by the Latin American and Caribbean Committee for the Defense of Women Rights several women testify that they were sterilized by force or coerced . In her native Quechua tongue , an unidentified woman says she was taken by force to a clinic where she was sterilized in spite of her objections . Another woman says she and her husband were coerced to sign a consent form for sterilization . Marino Costa Bauer was the Peruvian health minister between 1996 and 1998 . He denied any wrongdoing when he testified before the Peruvian Congress in the late nineties . And he denied it again , in a recent interview at his Lima office . But Costa Bauer admits the campaign could 've been have been executed better . "  Of course there were problems , " Costa Bauer said . "  I 'm not going to deny it . I have never denied that there were problems . But what did we do about it ? First , we investigated all of the accusations that were filed ; absolutely all of them without exception . " Costa Bauer categorically denies that the government was targeting poor , indigenous women in rural communities . "  There was never any order or instruction from my office favoring one method over another ; much less did we ever provide incentives for that to happen , " the former health minister said . So far Victoria Vigo is the only woman in Peru that has won a case of forced sterilization . After a seven-year trial , she was compensated $ 2,750 , but her doctor did n't serve time in prison . She 's now trying to prove that her doctor was acting on government orders and that it was all part of a campaign to deceive women , especially the most vulnerable . "  As a woman , I feel indignant and that 's why 15 years ago I said no woman should remain silent when her body has been violated , " Vigo said . It has been more than a decade since those believed to be responsible for the forced sterilizations left office . For women like Victoria Vigo , the reopening of the probe is the first hope in years that justice may be within reach .	Nobody really knows how many women were forcibly sterilized throughout Peru The investigation was reopened in October "  I felt mutilated , " said a mother who has won a court case
CNN  A Florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew and a prominent U.S. lawyer that alleged underage sex crimes . Lawyer Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein . Buckingham Palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in January . So did Dershowitz . In his decision , U.S. District Court Judge Kenneth Marra denied a motion by the alleged victims -- "  Jane Doe 3 and Jane Doe 4 " -- to join a lawsuit accusing the federal government of violating their rights by negotiating a nonprosecution agreement with Epstein without consulting them . Marra wrote in the decision that the "  lurid details " of alleged abuse were unnecessary to determining whether the victims could join the lawsuit . "  The factual details regarding with whom and where the Jane Does engaged in sexual activities are immaterial and impertinent to this central claim ... especially considering that these details involve non-parties who are not related to the respondent Government . These unnecessary details shall be stricken . " Speaking of the allegations against him , Dershowitz said Tuesday : "  I hope that people will now understand that they were completely false and made up , and , nobody should believe them . " Buckingham Palace , which in January emphatically denied any form of sexual contact between the Duke of York and a victim it identified as Virginia Roberts , said Prince Andrew was informed of the latest developments . "  He is spending this week privately , before resuming his schedule of public engagements next week . Further details will be announced in due course , " the palace said in a statement . Roberts ' attorneys were not immediately available for comment . The federal court filing alleged that "  Doe 3 " was forced to have sex with several men when she was a teenager . Virginia Roberts made the allegations in a civil motion filed earlier this year in U.S. District Court in southern Florida , joined by another unnamed woman . While Roberts was not identified by name in the filing , her name was widely reported in the British news media , and Buckingham Palace included it in a statement . Along with Britain 's Prince Andrew and others , Dershowitz was named in the federal court filing as one of the prominent people who had sexual contact with teenage girls through Epstein . Epstein , an investment banker , pleaded guilty some years ago in Florida to a state charge of prostitution solicitation , but there were no federal charges after he and authorities signed a non-prosecution agreement . But some of Epstein 's alleged victims are n't on board with the deal , thinking he should face stiffer charges and penalties . Four of them took federal prosecutors to court , suing them to reopen the case because they believed their rights under the Crime Victims ' Rights Act were violated by the agreement . Two of them entered the discussion in January , including the one described as Jane Doe 3 . The filing alleged she was a minor when Epstein made her a "  sex slave " and made "  her available for sex to politically connected and financially powerful people . " Those big names allegedly included Prince Andrew and Dershowitz . According to the filing , "  Epstein required Jane Doe # 3 to have sexual relations with Dershowitz on numerous occasions while she was a minor , not only in Florida but also on private planes , in New York , New Mexico , and the U.S. Virgin Islands . " The celebrity lawyer and professor subsequently issued an adamant public denial , saying the case "  is all about money " and "  completely made up . " He went further in his court filings , including a sworn affidavit in which he said "  lawyers for Jane Doe # 3 ... leveled totally false and outrageous charges against me that have been reported around the world and threaten to damage my reputation irrevocably . " "  Never under any circumstance have I ever had any sexual contact of any kind , which includes massages or any physical contact whatsoever , with Jane Doe # 3 , " he said . Dershowitz said , for instance , that his wife and daughter accompanied him on his sole visit to Epstein 's Caribbean island as well as the one time he went to Epstein 's New Mexico house -- at which point it was under construction and no girls were visible . "  Let me assert categorically , without reservation and with full awareness of the risks of perjury , " he stated , "  that I did not ever , under any circumstances , have any sexual contact of any kind with Jane Doe # 3 . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Steve Almasy , Javier de Diego , Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Judge also throws out bombshell sex claims against lawyer Alan Dershowitz He asks a federal court to "  strike " sex-related allegations against him A court filing says Dershowitz had sex with minors via Jeffrey Epstein ; he denies it
CNN  -- Her curriculum vitae makes for impressive , if exhausting , reading . Dr. Nahed Taher tells CNN her views on currencies , the Saudi economy and whether women should be allowed to drive While fulfilling a demanding role as the first female head of a Saudi investment bank -- which she founded -- Dr. Nahed Taher also sits on the board of a number of private companies and business committees . She has twice been named businesswoman of the year , and has made Forbes ' list of the world 's most powerful women . John Defterios found a spare moment to sit down with Dr Nahed Taher , the founder , CEO and Executive Director of Gulf One Investment Bank . John Defterios  JD  : Leading up to the GCC meeting in Doha , there was a great deal of not just speculation but even policy statements that this was the right time to de-peg from the US dollar . Why the backtrack , almost at the last minute , in your view ? Dr. Nahed Taher  NT  : They believe that it 's a cycle not a trend . However , I have some concerns . Having the dollar as a majority of this basket is not a problem , but it should be , it 's only wise to do this at the beginning , because they can not shift dramatically towards a flowing exchange rate or whatever , it should be a managed float . JD : Speaking of inflation , there 's a real number that 's put out by different governments in this region , and then the realities . What 's the real inflation right now because of the import cost rising with the weaker dollar ? NT : As an economist you can measure the inflationary gap , which is the difference between the growth in the money supply and the growth in the real GDP . And this is , in Saudi Arabia , 15 % . So the inflationary gap is 15 % , meaning that injection of money in the economy is not having an equal absorption capacity in the economy to create income . It 's just burning the money in consumption . JD : Let 's look out a little bit here into the future , you know , 5-10 years away . Can you create a single market for the trading of goods , a greater air of free trade association that 's real that lowers barriers so you have more inter-Arab trade ? NT : The problem is that we all import the same thing , and we all export the same thing almost . So there is not really intra-trade between us that makes sense a lot . Because for the GCC , for example , we all import everything from outside . What are we importing from each other ? Nothing . Almost , I mean a minority . But , that 's what 's needed in the future . If we go , for example , into production more like petrol-chemical and mining and whatever we should really create less barriers , and facilitate intra-trade and intra-production as well ... and go in mega-companies , not to have a petrol-chemical company in Saudi and one in Kuwait and whatever , and compete , we should work more towards collaboration . JD : Is the formula correct ? When you drive the streets of Jeddah do you say I think we 'll get it right this time , the wealth that 's coming into the country , recalibrating what we want to do with Saudi Arabia ? NT : There is a big recognition that this boom is totally different than the first boom . At the first boom we did n't have any debt . Now we have a government debt , and we have private sector debt . So we recognize that this wealth has to be wisely spent on projects for the future that can co-op with future demand . We have 60 % of our population under 24-years-old , which are baby boomers hopefully we do n't want them to be the baby losers in the future . JD : How about as a woman , do you think that it 's a bit strange that you ca n't drive on the streets but you can sign multi-million or billion dollar deals ? NT : I will leave this to my dearest King Abdullah , to decide . I know he 's supportive and he will have it very soon , in the right time . I can not go against the wind , but driving for women is definitely a necessity now , it 's becoming an economic need . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with Dr. Nahed Taher of Gulf One Investment Bank First female head of a Saudi Investment Bank , respected economist Dr. Naher : intra-trade and intra-production should be encouraged in GCC Says in Saudi Arabia "  driving for women is definitely a necessity now "
CNN  Measles this year has hit the most disparate places : camps for internally displaced people in northeast Nigeria , who 've had to flee from Boko Haram , and Disneyland in California . The differences of the two settings are stark . In one , people are fighting for survival and have difficulty getting health care ; the other is a first-world amusement park where people can afford medical choices regarding a vaccine-preventable disease . The United States is grappling with the resurgence of a disease it eliminated 15 years ago . But it 's not alone . Data by the World Health Organization indicate that measles immunization rates are declining in several Western countries , like Canada , Belgium , Denmark and Spain , as some parents are opting out due to personal beliefs . The data also show that more than 100 countries , including Zimbabwe , Iran and North Korea , have higher measles immunization rates than the United States , which was at 91 % . Dr. Robert Kezaala , senior health adviser of immunization at UNICEF , spent years promoting polio and measles vaccines in Africa . "  Generally , in the developing world , people welcome the vaccines , " he said . "  The vaccine hesitancy , concern among the elite ... this is not a major issue in immunization against measles , because people have seen devastation from the outbreaks . " Globally , measles deaths hit record lows in 2012 , which the WHO attributed to successful immunization campaigns as annual deaths declined to 122,000 from 562,000 in 2002 . But the WHO warned that progress was fragile , because outbreaks still occur and measles remains one of the leading killers of children in the world . A joint global plan involving UNICEF , the WHO , U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , American Red Cross and UN Foundation aims to eliminate measles by 2020 . "  In the last two to three years , we 've seen more stagnation of progress because there is complacency , " said Kezaala . Countries with the highest measles incidence per 100,000 population 1 . Georgia -- 79.5 2 . Bosnia and Herzegovina -- 62.9 3 . Angola -- 59.3 4 . Philippines -- 58.2 5 . Namibia -- 41.9 Countries with the most suspected measles cases 1 . China -- 107,024 2 . Philippines -- 57,564 3 . Vietnam -- 17,267 4 . Ethiopia -- 16,028 5 . Angola -- 12,300 Source : WHO , does not include data from all countries Asia has the most suspected case of measles , with China at top , followed by the Philippines and Vietnam , according to 2014 data from the WHO . But the rate , rather than raw numbers , offers a more accurate measure of the disease . One of the countries worst hit by the measles is the Philippines , which was struck by Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013 . The spread of the virus has been exacerbated by mass migration , with nearly 4 million people displaced by the devastating storm . But what happens in the Philippines has a direct connection to the United States , because the virus can easily travel -- as was the case of the unvaccinated Amish missionaries who brought back measles from the Philippines to cause an Ohio outbreak that infected 383 people in 2014 . The CDC reported that 25 U.S. travelers , most of them unvaccinated , got ill with the measles after returning from the Philippines last year . China , which had the most measles cases in 2014 , is also going through multiple outbreaks . Measles has been reported in a university in Shanxi province and a downtown Beijing office , resulting in quarantines and vaccinations for thousands of people , according to Xinhua , the Chinese state-run news agency . The Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention reported three toddler deaths and more than 2,700 measles cases in January -- double the rate seen in the same month two years ago . "  Measles outbreak occurs every four to five years , and now it 's on an uprising stage based on its pattern , " said Pang Xinghuo , deputy director of the local Beijing disease control agency . Officials from the national health agency told state-run CCTV that many of the cases are occurring in adults who never received their vaccines . Vaccine campaigns were not strong in the 1970s and 1980s , so some missed their shots . As many as two-thirds of the Beijing cases are among people over the age of 20 . "  This outbreak reveals to us the fact that some unvaccinated people have become older , and it 's like an accumulated debt from the past , " Zeng Guang , an official with the China CDC , told CCTV . Measles outbreaks have also been reported in Sudan and Nigeria . In mid-January , the News Agency of Nigeria reported a measles outbreak in the state of Adamawa in the country 's northeast at camps for internally displaced people . The state is frequently under attack by Boko Haram militants . An official told the media that the outbreak stemmed from a daily mass movement of people . UNICEF has to deal with logistical , infrastructure and transport challenges to get vaccines to some of the most remote and insecure areas in the world , said Kezaala . Regarding the current outbreak in the United States , he said : "  It perplexes me , to see a country with no logistical challenges , readily available resources , with refuted studies and the anti-vaccine lobbies , you still see transmission continuing . It 's not easy for me to grasp . " The United States is not the only developed country going through vaccine skepticism . In Canada last year , a group that does n't get vaccines carried the infection back after visiting the Netherlands . Local health authorities in British Colombia confirmed 375 cases , which was declared the worst measles outbreak in 30 years in Canada . The Netherlands also saw a major measles outbreak from May 2013 to March 2014 , where more than 2,600 people contracted the disease in communities that do not typically vaccinate . Europe reported 4,735 measles cases in 2014 , in which 85 % of the cases were unvaccinated and 10 % had not finished their doses . The continent saw a peak in 2010 , with 32,480 measles cases . CNN 's Lu Shen and Beijing intern Sherry Ju contributed to this report .	Immunization rates are declining in parts of Western countries Many U.S. measles cases in 2014 are linked to travelers to the Philippines The Philippines , which is coping with measles after Typhoon Haiyan , had over 50,000 cases in 2014
MARIANNA , Florida  CNN  -- Leaning against his cane , Bryant Middleton shuffled toward the makeshift cemetery . Tears welled in his eyes as he leaned down to touch one of the crosses . Bryant Middleton kneels by a row of white crosses on the grounds of a former reform school he attended . "  This should n't be , " he said . "  This should n't be . " Thirty-one crosses made of tubular steel and painted white line up unevenly in the grass and weeds of what used to be the grounds of a reform school in Marianna , Florida . The anonymous crosses are rusting away but their secrets may soon be exposed . When boys disappeared from the school , administrators explained it away , said former student Roger Kiser . They 'd say , "  Well , he ran away and the swamp got him , " Kiser recalled . Or , "  The gators got him . " Or , ` Water moccasins got him . " Kiser and other former students believe authorities will soon find the remains of children and teens sent to the Florida School for Boys half a century ago . Watch Middleton kneel by the crosses " On the orders of Gov. Charlie Crist , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement last week opened an investigation to determine if anyone is buried here , whether crimes were committed , and if so , who was responsible . A group of men in their 60s , who once attended the school , have told investigators they believe the bodies are classmates who disappeared after being savagely beaten by administrators and workers . The FDLE is just beginning its investigation , so there is no way to know if there is any truth to the allegations . The investigation will be challenging . Finding records and witnesses from nearly half a century ago will be difficult if not impossible . Many of the administrators and employees of the reform school are dead . Read more about the investigation Middleton is 64 now , a former Army Ranger . He was 14 then , a wayward boy . He was sent to the Florida School for Boys for breaking and entering . He recently accompanied CNN to the school grounds . "  This is a travesty against mankind and the state of Florida should be ashamed of themselves , " he said , choking back tears . "  It 's as if they were tossed out here like they were nothing but garbage . And it 's just downright criminal . Somebody needs to be accountable for this . " A single-story , nondescript building anchors the other side of the property . The white cinder block structure looks so simple , so bland , that it is difficult to imagine the pain , terror and torture it conjures up in the men who say their childhoods were ravaged within its four walls . The building was known as "  the white house . " Watch a former student return to the building " Middleton said he was brought there six times . He recalled that his tormentors , including one known as "  the whipper , " would turn on a large industrial fan to muffle the screams of the boys who were beaten with long leather straps , reinforced with metal . See photos from Middleton 's reform school days " Dick Colon said he went to the white house 11 times during his 30 months at the school . He 's one of four men known as "  the White House Boys . " Colon , Kiser , Robert Straley and Michael O'McCarthy , the original four White House Boys , spoke out about the 31 crosses and their boyhood abuse and pushed for an investigation . Colon recalls his visits to the white house as if they were yesterday : He said he was forced to lie face down in a blood-soaked pillow -- a pillow with small pieces of lips , tongue and skin on it from the previous boy . He 'd clench the metal bar of the bed . The ceilings were low . He would hear the strap hit the ceiling and make a "  tick " sound before it swung down on him . "  After that tick , you 'd go ` Aaaahh , ' and then you 'd grab that bar , and go ` Ooooohhhhhhh , ' and the spindles of the bed would bounce , and sometimes the bed would come off the ground , " Colon told CNN . Watch Colon 's face contort as he relives the beatings " Kiser , a fellow White House Boy , said the beatings provided entertainment for the guards and administrators . "  There were bets , and money changed hands on who could draw blood on the first blow , " he said . He recalled his reaction when he went into a bathroom to clean up after enduring another beating . "  I looked up into that mirror and I just screamed , " he said . "  I just saw this monster . I could n't even tell who I was . " Colon said his reaction was to bury the pain inside . He told a story about how another boy 's terror left him wrestling with his own best and worst instincts even to this day . He walked into the school 's laundry room one day and saw a black teenager inside a large tumble dryer that was running . He wanted to save the boy , and tried to talk himself into being brave . "  I said , ` Do it ! Do it ! Do it ! ' " he recalled , his eyes beginning to tear . "  And then I thought to myself , ` If you do it , they 're gon na put you in there . You 're gon na be next . ' And I walked away . " After a long , tearful pause , Colon continued . "  I 've been married to my wife for 42 years , and never told her , " he said , wiping tears away with a handkerchief . "  I do n't know how often in a week I think about that . " "  A chicken s -- , I was , " he sobbed . Still , Colon 's is ultimately a success story . At the reform school , he studied to be an electrician and now owns a multimillion-dollar company in Baltimore , Maryland . Colon founded a scholarship fund for high achievers at the very same school that haunts his memories . It is called the Arthur Dozier School for Boys , and Colon returns every year to talk to the students about hope and hard work . "  They need to know they can do things and have a future , " he said . "  Many just accept that they will be in prison someday . "	Former students talk about brutal days at a Florida reform school One recalls hearing the tip of a whip hit the ceiling before it came down on him Another regrets being too afraid to help a boy left in a tumble dryer Third remembers beatings by a guard called "  the whipper "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Four people said to have acted on behalf of the Earth Liberation Front have been indicted on a charge of setting fire to an agriculture research building on the Michigan State University campus more than eight years ago , authorities announced Tuesday . Three Detroit , Michigan , residents and a Cincinnati , Ohio , resident were named in conspiracy and arson counts for a fire at a campus facility that housed federally funded plant genetic research . Officials said the December 31,1999 , fire on the East Lansing campus caused more than $ 1 million in damage to facilities and the loss of research records . They also are accused of setting fire the next day to commercial logging equipment near Mesick , Michigan , in order to sabotage lumbering activity . "  This investigation has been ongoing for almost a decade , and it should be a reminder to all that the FBI does not allow the passage of time to thwart our ability to apply our full resources to a case , " said FBI Special Agent in Charge Andrew Arena . Michigan State Police Chief James Dunlap called the case "  a significant act of domestic terrorism . " "  This was more than an attack on a building and the destruction of valuable property , " MSU President Lou Anna Simon said . "  It was an assault on the core value of free and open inquiry at a research university . " Officials said those named in the indictment are Marie Mason , 46 , of Cincinnati ; and Frank Ambrose , 33 , Aren Burthwick , 27 , and Stephanie Fultz , 27 , all of Detroit . E-mail to a friend	3 Michigan residents and an Ohio resident named in conspiracy , arson counts They are said to have set fire to an agriculture research building at Michigan State Fire nine years ago caused $ 1 million in damage and loss of research records Michigan State Police chief called fire ' a significant act of domestic terrorism '
CNN  -- Of all the scenarios firefighters train for , confronting a hostage-taker might not seem to be high on the list . Or suddenly dodging a sniper 's deadly aim . But training and keeping calm apparently did come into play Wednesday when four Gwinnett County , Georgia , firefighters became hostages while a gunman held off authorities . The situation ended with the firefighters free and the gunman dead at the hands of police . That incident highlighted a fact of life for firefighters -- their life-saving work can sometimes put them in the middle of criminal situations . The Georgia event is akin to last year 's New York state incident in which a sniper ambushed and killed two firefighters responding to his burning home , one expert said Thursday . Firefighters are trained to call police if they sense a potentially violent situation , but the Georgia and New York episodes involved surprise attacks . Police : Hostage taker gave us no choice "  It 's almost impossible to prepare for that situation if there 's no indication of any potential threat , " said Philip Stittleburg , chairman of the National Volunteer Fire Council and the National Fire Protection Association . "  Tragic as these situations are , they are relatively rare , " Stittleburg added . For sure , local firefighters will now be working with extra vigilance , said Capt. Tommy Rutledge of Gwinnett County Fire and Emergency Services . The hostage-taking incident occurred after firefighters entered the home of a man in response to a medical call . All 850 of the county 's firefighters are already cross-trained as emergency medical technicians , and many are also paramedics , Rutledge said . "  Yesterday was an element of surprise to that crew , " Rutledge said Thursday . "  How do you train for that ? It heightens our awareness and it shows that things like that can occur . "  Will they look for triggers that something might be wrong as they approach ? Yes , " he said . While held hostage , the Gwinnett County firefighters kept calm and , as importantly , worked to keep the gunman calm , Rutledge said . "  Luckily our personnel are trained on how to not only keep themselves calm but keep the individual calm , " Rutledge said . "  No doubt their calm composure brought about a successful closure for the fire department personally . "  It 's unfortunate that the individual lost his life but as the police said , he was in control and he could have let those firefighters go and he 's responsible for his action and the ultimate ending , " Rutledge added . Jim Schwartz , chairman of the terrorism and homeland security committee of the International Association of Fire Chiefs , said fire departments must communicate more with their police partners on how to handle scenarios such as the ones in Georgia and New York . Schwartz described firefighters ' current training on operational security -- measures to protect themselves -- as "  less than adequate . " "  It really does need to go to a new level -- these conversations where I 'm asking my police chief  to  help me with what we need to understand going into a situation that could turn as bad as Gwinnett County and New York , " said Schwartz , who 's also chief of the Arlington County , Virginia , Fire Department . Some fire and police agencies around the country are already sharing such information , Schwartz said . For the past four years , his fire department has been "  tightly integrated with police , " Schwartz said . "  There is n't a law enforcement officer who does n't go into every situation without suspicions on how that situation could turn on them and pose a threat to them , " Schwartz said . "  For the average firefighter and EMT , that is n't foremost on their minds . "  What we 're seeing , certainly out of these two incidents , more and more of what we would consider a standard response to EMS and fire emergencies can go horribly wrong . We need to think about what are the other dimensions to this crisis that the routines do not suggest , " he said . Firefighters around the country are instructed on how to respond to violent scenarios -- wait for police to secure the scene so that the firefighters can do their jobs saving lives and property -- but that instruction presumes the firefighter has already noticed something amiss , Stittleburg said . If that 's noticed inside a home , a firefighter keeps a close eye on the suspicious person -- and especially where that person is , he said . "  The kitchen is the most dangerous place for them to be if they are acting abnormally because that 's where they keep the knives and the pan of hot grease on the stove , " Stittleburg said . "  There 's lot of things that people can hurt you with in the kitchen . " But instruction is more difficult in those fire calls where "  you step off a truck and someone shoots when there is no likelihood of violence , " he said . "  I do n't know how you deal with that one , " added Stittleburg , who 's also chief of the La Farge , Wisconsin , Fire Department , an all-volunteer agency . In the last 10 years or so , however , firefighters are increasingly being cross-training to become certified police officers assigned to SWAT teams , Stittleburg said . In an era of high body-count mass shootings since Colorado 's Columbine High School massacre in 1999 , police departments are demanding their SWAT teams include a firefighter with emergency medical service skills , Stittleburg said . "  EMS skills are certainly one of the important skills that you would want on that SWAT team -- primarily for law enforcement , primarily for the SWAT team members , " Stittleburg said . "  We have people who are EMS folks , whose primary mission is to take care of the wounded , to be almost in a position of military corpsman or medic , " he said . "  It 's kind of sad that things have taken a turn that creates the need for this , " he added .	Training can hardly thwart a surprise gunman or hostage-taker , authorities say This week , a gunman is killed by police after he takes four Georgia firefighters hostage "  Tragic as these situations are , they are relatively rare , " expert says Firefighters in Gwinnett County , Georgia , are now working with extra awareness
It 's not enough to eat good food , sit by the beach and sleep in for a week . Sometimes you need to make the most of downtime by stripping away anything that could potentially cause stress , including children . Whether you need a recovery trip on the heels of spring break or a haven from other people 's cranky toddlers , some hotels and resorts remove that unpredictable variable of youth and allow for a special kind of exclusivity : adults-only properties . The model is most widely available at beach destinations , where hoteliers are focused on traveling couples intent on a more romantic atmosphere . An adults-only situation allows the resort to tailor its amenities to fit the needs of guests of a certain age , which could mean massages for two on the beach instead of chicken nuggets on the menu . But it 's not just tucked-away resorts that are adopting this grown-up business model . The Out NYC , billed as New York 's first "  gay urban resort , " is eschewing anyone under 21 from booking a stay . "  I created the Out NYC to be a sanctuary steps from Times Square , " says Ian Reisner , the hotel 's founder . "  Creating an adult-only resort in the city offers a welcoming environment for like-minded travelers away from the frenetic pace of the city . " No matter the location , adults-only accommodations come with the guarantee that you wo n't be interrupted by crying babies or rambunctious children . But be warned , this type of added luxury does n't come cheap . "  When you 're choosing your vacation destination , you 're paying for the experience , and adults-only resorts can have a higher price point because they offer the ultimate experience , " says travel agent Jason Hedrick . Check out these retreats if you 're in need of a little family-free R&R : Glenmere Mansion , New York 's Hudson Valley This country retreat 50 miles from New York City is strictly for the over 18 crowd , including both of its fine dining restaurants , which are open to nonhotel guests . Originally built in 1911 , the Italianate mansion houses 18 guestrooms , which range from standard to sprawling suites , all individually designed and overlooking either the estate 's gardens or Glenmere Lake . Rub elbows with the other guests in the elegant public spaces , from the fireplaced library to the outdoor heated pool or the championship croquet court . Twin Farms , Barnard , Vermont This luxury Relais & Chateaux hideaway set on 300 acres in Vermont affords guests one-of-a-kind privacy . Most of the 20 guestrooms  you can choose from suites or cottages  are spread out , so it 's entirely possible to avoid other guests altogether . Instead you can hobnob with boldface names from the art world ; expect to see works by modern masters such as Roy Lichtenstein and Jasper Johns hanging on walls . Come winter , ski enthusiasts will also appreciate Twin Farms ' six private skiing trails . It 's almost like having an entire mountain to yourself . Be warned , however , that the property does open itself up to families with children a few times a year -- allowing even the youngest travelers to revel in its splendor . El Dorado Casitas Royale , Riviera Maya , Mexico Adjacent to Karisma Hotels ' El Dorado Royale -- an adults-only beachside complex -- is an uber-luxury sister resort called El Dorado Casitas Royale , where private casitas sit right on the beach . Guests who opt to book one of these exclusive retreats for two have their own Jacuzzis , private beach beds , butler service and pools and restaurants to choose from , plus access to the amenities next door . The Out NYC , New York The year-old Out NYC is a rare urban refuge : While the rest of this list features properties in the countryside or by water , the Out NYC is one of the few city hotels that target a specific age bracket . The "  straight friendly " resort does n't accept reservations from anyone under 21 . So those looking to check out its 104 rooms , the 5,000-square-foot wellness facilities , the popular Mediterranean-inspired KTCHN Restaurant and the XL Nightclub , Cabaret & Lounge -- the first nightly gay party venue to open in the city in 15 years -- have to prove they are old enough to drink alcohol in the United States . Ponta dos Ganchos , Santa Catarina , Brazil This exclusive resort in southern Brazil is so out of the way , it 's not uncommon for guests  ages 18 and up  to arrive via private helicopters , landing on the on-site helipad . Situated on a peninsula , Ponta dos Ganchos has 25 villas , which feature private verandas and comfortable hammocks for enjoying panoramic water views . The pricier units really up the luxury quotient with plunge pools , saunas and Jacuzzis . Yellow Lagos Meia Praia Hotel , Lagos , Portugal Lagos is one of Portugal 's most beautiful coastal destinations known for idyllic spots for swim and surf . A reputation like this does n't go unnoticed by sun-hungry Europeans of all ages . Find refuge at Yellow , where unobstructed views of Meia Praia beach are reserved for the over 17 crowd . If a break from the water is what you 're after , the hotel is near a golf course and within walking distance of Lagos ' historic city center , where you can settle in on one of its many restaurant patios for fresh fish .	Some resorts cater to a mostly 18-plus crowd with deluxe amenities Ponta dos Ganchos in Brazil is tucked away on a private peninsula The Out NYC is geared toward gay guests in the heart of the city
CNN  -- The great Davos talking shop is now up and running , with delegates of all levels of importance , shapes and nationalities zeroing in on this quaint , alpine town to put the world to rights . For many ordinary people the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum  WEF  is yet another "  important " summit in the calendar where the elite of business and politics will schmooze for a few days in a rarefied environment they have little or no experience of . Whether or not you believe events such as Davos justify their lofty ambitions , they are certainly a unique experience . So how do you become a Davos delegate ? Official invite The World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only , with 2,600 participants representing over 100 countries . The roll call includes CEOs and representatives from the world 's biggest corporations ; politicians and heads of state from the G20 and other key countries ; technology innovators ; social entrepreneurs ; philanthropists and media companies . However these special invitations -- or white badges -- are not free for everyone . Unless you 're an anchor for one of the many broadcasters covering the event ; an academic ; a faith leader ; a Young Global Leader  young people with great potential selected by the WEF from all fields of business  ; a social entrepreneur ; or from an NGO , the average cost to a business to send each delegate is close to a whopping $ 20,000 . Huge travel budget Getting to this small ski resort , nestled in a picturesque valley high up in the Swiss Alps 150 km south-west of Zurich , is not for the budget traveler . For a delegate arriving from New York this week flying business class , the price comes in at between $ 4,200 and $ 5,300 . A visitor from Tokyo can expect to pay between $ 7,200 and $ 10,500 , while a delegate flying in from Johannesburg , South Africa will pay around $ 4,150 . And once in Zurich there 's the small matter of the transfer to Davos . A regular shuttle bus and train service is available , but a two-hour trip by public transport may not suit the business client . The alternative would be a limousine which would cost 650 Swiss Francs  $ 689  for a one-way trip . However corporate CEOs may choose to come by helicopter , which costs around $ 9,500 for a return flight . Place to stay Finding accommodation in Davos during the week of the World Economic Forum is not easy , with a limited number of large hotels . Predictably tariffs reflect the resulting demand/supply imbalance , with a room in a modest three-star hotel coming in at around 500 Swiss Francs  $ 530  per night . Those with a considerably bigger budget often choose to rent out whole apartments or chalets . A chalet sleeping up to ten people for the week can command as much as 60,000 Swiss Francs  $ 63,600  - though catering might just be included . The right outfit It 's cold in Davos , very cold . At 5,052 ft  1,540 m  above see level , temperatures average -6 degrees Celsius  21.1 degrees Fahrenheit  in January . Thermal underwear , winter jackets and snow boots are a must , particularly when the temperature plummets in the evenings as you make your way to the various cocktail parties , meals and social events hosted by partner companies . It is not uncommon to see $ 2,000 bespoke suits finished off with bulky snow boots around the Congress Center . Knowing where to go With all the above boxes ticked , it is essential to have a plan once you have run the gauntlet of airport-style security -- there are 4,000 Swiss troops in Davos this week -- and made it inside the newly-extended Congress Center with the correct color of identity pass . Some delegates do nothing but network with other delegates , oblivious to the feverish discussions going all around them about the post-crisis new reality . So delegates can spend four days roaming this cavernous indoor amphitheater attending conferences and workshops about everything from how the environment agenda will change in light of current trends and norms , to how music can transform communities and unite people . $ 40,000-per head well spent .	World Economic Forum is strictly by invitation only , with 2,600 participants Average cost to a business to send each delegate is a whopping $ 20,000 Getting to Davos and then finding accomodation also hits the pocket hard Wealthier delegates can take a helicopter from Zurich to Davos for about $ 10,000
RollingStone.com  -- It 's been almost a decade since Bright Eyes ' "  Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil , Keep Your Ear to the Ground , " the epic 2002 album that established Conor Oberst as the pain-strumming poet of emo and the newest of the New Dylans . But the 22-year-old had n't asked for either gig . So Oberst spent the 2000s abjuring big statements , choosing to scale down his sound , bum around North America and try to figure himself out . "  I 've taken some comfort ... " he sings on Bright Eyes ' first album in nearly four years , "  knowing I do n't have to be an exception . " The latest dispatch from Planet Conor weaves the weird knowledge he 's accrued over the years into a rich , sprawling , fragmented record . It 's got elements of the hazy synth rock of 2005 's "  Digital Ash in a Digital Urn " and echoes of his two recent , rootsy solo albums . But being Bright Eyes again mainly means a break from Solo Conor 's rustic tranquility and a return to the bruised - angel indie rock of his earliest albums . Oberst brings it all back home by recording in his native Omaha with Bright Eyes ' other two permanent members -- multi-instrumentalist Nate Walcott and producer Mike Mogis -- plus local pals from Cursive and the Faint . Gallery : Random Notes , Rock 's Hottest Photos Oberst 's lyrics explore a mysticism he 's been messing with since 2007 's "  Cassadaga . " On "  A Machine Spiritual  In the ` People 's Key '  , " he 's a futurist seer , tweeting happily from the end of time : "  History bows and it steps aside/In the jungle there are columns of purple light/We are starting over . " The album is full of nods to Rastafarianism , including references to "  one love " and Zion . Oberst says he loves reggae 's symbolism and anti-imperialist spirit , and throughout "  People 's Key " he uses Rasta vibrations as an emotional power source . On "  Haile Selassie , " through a haze of epic images , the supernatural force "  calling me home like Haile Selassie " ends up being a girl : "  I was swimming with you in that cenote the heavens made with black fire . " Oberst 's newfound jones for Jah is n't even the trippiest thing about "  The People 's Key . " Several tracks feature the spoken-word ramblings of Randy Brewer , a Texas musician Oberst met on the road . Brewer 's sermonettes -- about the road to enlightenment , our alien ancestors and time as a construct -- work surprisingly well leading into the gently lifting orchestrations of "  Firewall " or closing out the prayerful electro-folk of "  One for You , One for Me . " Bright Eyes : King of Indie Rock Giving a chunk of your record over to some random old-timer 's bullshit is a classic Oberst move , a way of undercutting the aura of importance people have foisted on his music since he was in high school . It 's especially shrewd because "  The People 's Key " contains some of his most weighty songwriting -- the head-clearing clamor of "  Haile Selassie " or the somber "  Approximate Sunlight , " where Oberst ruefully sings , "  It 's been said we 're post-everything . " His greatest quality is that he refuses to be post-anything . He manages to be everything at once : folkie and punk , old soul and eternal boy , high-plains drifter and hipster heartthrob . He 's busy being born again every time he strums a chord . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	It 's been almost a decade since Bright Eyes ' epic 2002 album was released It established Conor Oberst as the newest of the New Dylans Oberst spent the 2000s abjuring big statements , choosing to scale down his sound
CNN  -- So , you 're leaving your job . Maybe you 're finally going to start that Kafka-themed coffee shop/art space/bowling alley you keep talking about . Or maybe this is the year your indie Latin jazz rock band will finally make it big . Perhaps you freaked out on some hapless JetBlue airline passenger and are gon na be grounded for a bit . Or maybe -- drag , dude -- the employment gods decided that you  along with 131,000 workers in July alone  are gon na have a liiitle extra free time to enjoy the end of summer . Either way , when it comes time to kiss your cubicle goodbye , you can scamper away , firmly ensconced in your Own Little World like a gerbil in a clear plastic ball , or you can tie up digital loose ends and depart with dignity . We recommend the latter . First things first : You need to tell the world -- and especially your officemates -- that you 're leaving . It 's tempting to walk out of that awkward meeting with your boss , the sight of her crumpled frustration and disappointment at losing one of her best employees  right  still fresh in your mind , and tap out the tweet or Facebook status update you 've been dreaming about for years : "  F *** YEAH , I 'M OUTTA THAT HELLHOLE ! " A classier step : Tell the important people  the ones who 'd want to hear it from the horse 's mouth  in person or via personalized calls or e-mails , then compose a Facebook status asking your friends and colleagues to celebrate with you at a local watering hole . Post it on your wall and let the congrats roll in . A mass e-mail to relatives and networking contacts is fine , too -- just keep it brief , say nothing but classy things about your former employer , and be prepared to write a battery of "  Thanks , yeah , I 'm excited ! " responses when your e-mail hits peeps ' inboxes .  If your exit was less , er , voluntary , the same principles apply : "  celebratory " drinks become "  commiseration " cocktails , and the mass e-mail becomes more of a polite plea for networking leads . After you 've gotten woefully drunk with friends and colleagues , it comes time to bid your co-workers adieu . Yeah , you have 4 million things to think about after you give  or are given  your two weeks ' notice  like how to steal as many office supplies as possible before the final punch-out  . But saying your goodbyes , handing out your contact information and digitally setting up a few easy streams of continued connection mean you wo n't turn into that "  Hey , whatever happened to that guy ? " guy . So do not go gentle into that good night . You already know to write your boss a handwritten card  even though up to 40 percent of men want to punch their bosses in the face , according to a lovely new survey from Mint.com and AskMen.com  , right ? But how to handle the rest of the herd ? Definitely walk around and shake hands with everyone you can on your last day .  You may wish to avoid interrupting everyone 's menial-labor stupor to let them know you 're heading out , but do it anyway . The murmurs of "  That bee-yotch did n't even say goodbye " are ultimately much more damaging  . In addition , in most offices it 's cool to send a mass e-mail  to the entire staff , if you worked with everyone , or at least to everyone who knows who you are  as your very last missive from your soon-to-be-defunct work e-mail address . Thank them all for being wonderful and encourage them to keep in touch . Finishing on a warm note makes it that much more likely that they 'll think of you when a new position 's open and you 're miserably toiling away at your new job -- you know , instead of just recalling the time you came to work early to print out the 200-page application for "  Who Wants to Be A Millionaire ? " and broke the printer . Also in said e-mail , provide your personal e-mail address and phone number as a separate vCard ,  no , not that kinda V-card , interneteur -- electronic business cards .  Instructions vary by e-mail client , but usually involve making a new contact for yourself and forwarding that out from your address book . Then recipients can just open up your e-business card to permanently have all your info . You can also exchange info via apps like Bump , which allows you to trade contacts , pictures , etc and connect via social networks by tapping your phones together . And now that PayPal has integrated Bump , you can finally get all that poker money back from Joe in finance . Lastly , do n't let your onetime colleagues forget you . We 're not suggesting an epic , last-day , one-man show involving blowhorns and a mariachi band . Or an email to the entire office gleefully revealing how your FarmVille-playing boss wiled away his days -- as in the viral hit from earlier this week which , sadly , turned out to be a hoax .  Although that would be a pretty epic note on which to leave  . Rather , our point is : Most people do n't burn bridges , but they do let them rot . So keep the bridge strong  to continue the hoary cliché  by sending occasional check-in e-mails and , if appropriate , following colleagues on Twitter in the hope they 'll follow you back . That way they pretty much ca n't forget you , as your smart retweets and interesting links will flick you into their consciousness a few times a day . Just do n't drunk-tweet about how your five-month dry spell is making you wonder why you went back on the pill in the first place . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	When it 's time to leave your job , tie up digital loose ends and depart with dignity Walk around and shake hands with everyone you can on your last day Provide your personal e-mail address and phone number as a separate vCard
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- A panel of judges Monday sentenced former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to seven years in prison for abusing power and having sex with an underage prostitute . Judges also barred the flamboyant former prime minister from holding public office . The high-profile case centered on an exotic dancer nicknamed "  Ruby the heart-stealer . " Berlusconi 's attorney told reporters he plans to appeal the conviction . He said he was not surprised by the verdict , because the former prime minister had not gotten a fair trial . "  What happened today is very serious , " defense attorney Nicolo Ghedini said , arguing that judges had not appropriately considered court proceedings . Prosecutors had argued that Berlusconi had sex 13 times with underage dancer Karima el Mahroug and abused his position when he intervened in May 2010 to get her released from jail , where she was being held on charges of theft . Berlusconi , 76 , has denied the charges and others against him . "  It is absurd to suggest I have paid for a rapport with a woman . It is something I have never done , not even once in my life . It is something I find degrading to my dignity , " he has said . El Mahroug has said that she never had sex with Berlusconi and that she lied to him about her age , telling him she was 24 . The underage sex trial verdict is the latest in a string of legal troubles the former prime minister has faced . Last month , an Italian appeals court in Milan upheld a four-year prison sentence for Berlusconi , who was convicted of tax evasion by a lower court last October . In that sentence , he was barred from public office for five years . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , is arguably one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . For years , he has been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached Italian courts . Berlusconi Fast Facts In a 389-page document presented to a court in 2011 , prosecutors alleged Berlusconi paid el Mahroug and scores of other young women for taking part in "  bunga bunga parties " at his private residence . Using what they say are phone interceptions of the young women as evidence , prosecutors said the women performed stripteases and erotic actions in exchange for money and gifts . Berlusconi says the parties were normal dinner gatherings where no one misbehaved . Berlusconi denied the charges and accused prosecutors of conspiring against him in a left-wing plot . "  Communism never changes in Italy . There are still people who use the penal code as a weapon in their ideological battles , " he said last year . Undaunted , Berlusconi has not only launched an appeal , but in December made two significant announcements : his engagement to 27-year-old Francesca Pascale , and then , his political comeback . In Italy 's February elections , the three-time prime minister appealed to Italian voters by denouncing the unpopular austerity policies of technocrat Mario Monti . For all his critics , Berlusconi won almost 30 % of the vote in February and remains an influential figure in Prime Minister Enrico Letta 's fragile coalition government . CNN 's Becky Anderson , Peter Wilkinson and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	NEW : An attorney says Berlusconi will appeal his conviction A court bars the former prime minister from public office He is also sentenced to seven years in prison Berlusconi was found guilty of having sex with an underage prostitute
For years , the payments went out of the woman 's bank account . Nobody batted an eyelid . Bills were paid . And life went on as normal in the quiet neighborhood of Pontiac , Michigan . Neighbors did n't notice anything unusual . The woman traveled a lot , they said , and kept to herself . One of them mowed her grass to keep things looking tidy . At some point , her bank account ran dry . The bills stopped being paid . After its warnings went unanswered , the bank holding the mortgage foreclosed on the house , a common occurrence in a region hit hard by economic woes . Still , nobody noticed what had happened inside the house . Nobody wondered out loud what had become of the owner . Not until this week , when a worker sent by the bank to repair a hole in the roof made a grisly discovery . The woman 's mummified body was sitting in the back seat of her car , parked in the garage . The key was halfway in the ignition . Authorities say they believe the woman died at least five years ago . They 're still trying to figure out what happened . "  I 've been doing this 37 years . Never seen anything like this before , " said Undersheriff Mike McCabe of Oakland County , just outside Detroit . Rarely heard from The woman , who the sheriff 's office believes to be Pia Farrenkopf , paid her bills from her bank account through auto-pay , according to McCabe . If she were still alive , Oakland County Sheriff Michael Bouchard said , Farrenkopf would be 49 years old . Neighbors said they did n't know much about the woman , describing her as of German descent . "  She really kept to herself . We never really heard anything from her , " neighbor Caitlyn Talbot told CNN affiliate WXYZ . Talbot said she was n't aware of anyone having seen the woman , who traveled a lot , in about six years . "  She was probably there for a couple of days , then she 'd leave for a week , then she 'd come back . Then she 'd leave for a month and come back , " Talbot said . McCabe says neighbors chalked up the woman 's absences to her returning to Germany for long periods of time . According to the sheriff , Farrenkopf 's employer last saw her in September 2008 . Despite years without a living owner , the house was never broken into , Talbot said . And McCabe said one of the neighbors cut the grass for years . Authorities told WXYZ that the house appears to have black mold inside , and that detectives entered the building Thursday wearing hazardous material suits . Bouchard , the county sheriff , said Friday that there were few outward signs of anything awry . Her mail did n't pile up , since the post office was collecting it . And nothing inside in her home or car pointed to a cause of death . "  Nothing remarkable  was  found in the home , " the sheriff said . Cause of death undetermined Police were dispatched to the house for a welfare check in 2007 after a neighbor reported not having seen the owner in a while . After seeing no signs of anything amiss , police went on their way , McCabe said . While authorities believe the body is that of Farrenkopf , they will rely on dental records to positively identify her . Farrenkopf 's estranged sister has been contacted , according to the undersheriff . Authorities are awaiting for a toxicology report , which will take four to six weeks , before determining the cause of death . The medical examiner found no signs of trauma to the body , McCabe said . Dr. Bernardino Pacris , the county deputy medical examiner who conducted the autopsy , told the Detroit Free Press that the woman 's skin was still intact , but that the internal organs had decomposed . Bouchard , the country sheriff , noted that her body was inside a closed vehicle inside a closed garage -- and , thus , not exposed to outside air or other factors that might contribute to decomposition . Pacris told the newspaper that during the mummification process , skin develops a parchment-like consistency and leathery texture . Finding a body in such a condition is unusual , he said , but "  once in a while , we see this . "	Authorities believe the dead woman is Pia Farrenkopf , who would be 49 Employer last saw her about more than 5 years ago "  Nothing remarkable  was  found in the home , " a Michigan sheriff says Her body was found by a worker sent by a bank to carry out repairs on the house
Roma , Texas  CNN  -- Michele Bachmann leapt out of a black SUV near a high cliff overlooking the Rio Grande , dashed to the edge of a boulder and scanned the river that divides her country from another . It was a quiet Friday afternoon in this border town where immigrants routinely sneak across the river in inflatable rafts , climb a ravine and seek shelter in a local church . But at this moment , there was little more to see on the Mexican side than some fishermen casting rods and a few horses snacking near the river . "  Today it 's dead , " said Bachmann , a Republican congresswoman from Minnesota , sounding disappointed . She blamed the stillness on the presence of a hand-held CNN camera . "  I think it 's quiet because the cameras are here . Because more than anything , the criminal cartel worries about and fears the wrath of the American people , " Bachmann said . "  They 're crooks , they 're villains , but they 're businessmen . And that 's why they fear the CNN cameras . " She was joined by her friend , Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King , on a boulder above the river . The duo represent a coalition of House lawmakers who are staunchly opposed to any legislative action on immigration that would offer lawful status to immigrants living in the United States illegally . While they do n't hold much official sway in Washingtonâ $ " neither chair a congressional committee and Bachmann plans to exit Congress in Januaryâ $ " they do play an outsized role in amplifying conservative messaging . They are prolific fundraisers and enjoy widespread support among the GOP 's tea party base . Bachmann raised her profile in 2011 when she launched a brief presidential bid . As a veteran congressman from Iowa , the state that holds the first electoral contest of the presidential calendar , King also has the ear of the nation 's top Republicans . And both are known to make inflammatory statements , a practice that gives them a platform in both conservative and liberal media . They arrived in Texas a day after President Barack Obama announced a controversial plan to invite certain immigrants living in the United States illegally to "  come out of the shadows " with an offer for temporary legal status to some who pass background checks and pay back taxes . The President said he was acting in the absence of congressional action since the Republican-led House had failed to take a vote on a bipartisan immigration reform bill the Democrat-controlled Senate passed in 2013 . The announcement outraged Republicans , who argue that he 's overstepping the bounds of his office . House Speaker John Boehner labeled him "  Emperor Obama " and one rank-and-file Republican , Rep. Mo Brooks , suggested the President could face impeachment and even prison time for his decision . Not to be outdone , Bachmann and King , representatives of districts that both lie more than 1,000 miles to Roma 's north , wanted to be some of the first lawmakers on the border to respond . The spot they chose to visit , a Rio Grande overlook near a bridge that connects these two countries , is one they know well . The duo visited this exact place in July , when they took cell phone video of what they said showed a pregnant woman crossing the river . "  It just occurred to me , " King said on his second trip here , "  the pregnant mother who was put off on the side here , she surely had the baby . That little baby is an American citizen . Last night Barack Obama gave that little baby 's mother amnesty . She now has amnesty . Lawless , unconstitutional amnesty . " King 's claim about the woman is n't accurate : To receive legal status under Obama 's new plan , immigrants must have lived in the United States for a minimum of five years . The woman in his story , which occurred over the summer , would not qualify . In response to Obama 's action , Bachmann and King want Congress to pass a resolution of disapproval , followed by a vote to censure him . Then they want to send an appropriations bill to the White House that excludes money necessary to carry out his plan , a strategy that Republican House and Senate leaders support . King did n't rule out impeachment down the line . "  Let 's hope that we never have to answer that question , " he told CNN . "  Let 's hope that we can do the most reasonable things that we can do first . " WATCH : CNN 'S tense encounter at the border . As for a solution to the nation 's illegal immigration problem , King has proposed a three-tiered fence system that could span the length of the 2,000-mile border . After surveying the border , King opened the hatch of his SUV and pulled out a worn piece of paper that revealed a mock-up of a concrete fence system he designed in his free time . "  I constructed that fence on the floor of the House , " he said . "  It 's kicking around on YouTube . " King 's not joking . In 2006 , he constructed a scale model of the fence he designed live on C-SPAN , complete with miniature barbed wire and cardboard to represent the dirt . When asked about critics who argue a border-length fence would be costly and nearly impossible to build in entirety , King compared it to the Great Wall of China , a project intended to keep out invading armies that cost the lives of thousands of Chinese workers to build . "  There were plenty of Chinese left over , " King said . The fence idea , however , would potentially only solve part of the problem . Even if the border were completely secured , an estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants would still would remain in the United States . For Republicans who routinely rail against offering so-called "  amnesty " to these people , they have little to say about what to do with them . Even King , who has built his career on railing against immigration , initially skirted the question . Finally , after multiple attempts for clarity , he conceded that he did n't feel it was the government 's responsibility to address them . "  We do not have a moral obligation to bring people out of the shadows , " King said . "  They came here to live in the shadows , that 's their choice . So this idea that we 've identified people that are living in the shadows and say ` We 're going to come find you and bring you out of the shadows -- we 're not called to do that . " With dusk approaching and no crossings to be found , King and Bachmann loaded back into their SUV and drove east toward McAllen , where they met with border control agents at a Homeland Security outpost . After the long day , they congressional day-trippers capped their adventure at a local Mexican restaurant over plates of enchiladas and a round of margaritas . On the rocks and with salt , of course .	Michele Bachmann and Steve King traveled to the border together They were there a day after Obama 's immigration announcement King : "  We do not have a moral obligation to bring people out of the shadows "
After nearly a year of unprecedented attention given to allegations of widespread abuse and torture within North Korea , one question is being repeatedly asked : When will the international community do anything about it ? On Tuesday , a United Nations General Assembly committee is expected to consider a draft resolution on North Korea 's human rights abuses . The vote is merely a recommendation , as the General Assembly does not have the power to refer the regime or its young leader Kim Jong Un to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity  ICC  . That authority lies only with the U.N. Security Council , a 15-member body charged with maintaining global security . But the five permanent members at the core of the Security Council , including China and Russia , wield veto powers . China is likely to use its veto as its officials have repeatedly called efforts to send North Korea 's leadership to the ICC as "  not helpful . " Here 's a reminder of where we are so far . 1 . What the draft resolution states The draft resolution , which was presented by the European Union and Japan , contains strong language against North Korea and encourages others to push the country toward the ICC and issue "  targeted sanctions . " This follows the recommendations from a scathing U.N. Commission of Inquiry report on North Korea published earlier this year . "  We know the U.N. and nations of the world are much more galvanized than they were last year , or any other point in history , to address North Korea 's systematic human rights abuses , " said Sung-Yoon Lee , a professor of Korean studies at Tufts University . Murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence , mass starvation -- North Korea 's leaders have been accused of employing all sorts of abuses to prop up the isolated regime and exercise total control over its citizens . 2 . North Korea denies , denounces North Korea has repeatedly denied the existence of human rights atrocities , denouncing the credibility of those who testified in the Commission of Inquiry . It has repeatedly claimed that the United States and its allies are seeking to discredit and overthrow the leadership in North Korea . 3 . Does the GA vote even matter ? Since the power lies with the Security Council -- and China is likely to veto any attempts to refer North Korea to the international court -- what 's the significance of the vote ? "  Even from a strictly utilitarian viewpoint , a U.N. vote would likely make a positive difference , " Lee said . "  The international community would be better positioned to further build its case against the DPRK . " While Lee said that North Korea 's leadership is probably not rattled , it is "  sensitive to the growing criticism . " And such "  sustained pressure " is much more effective than "  indifference or moral persuasion alone , " he said . 4 . The China veto Throughout the year , Chinese officials have reiterated that submitting human rights cases to the ICC "  wo n't help improve a country 's human rights condition . " North Korea 's longtime ally has never wavered in its support for Pyongyang -- even during bumps in their relationship . In May , Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have asked the International Criminal Court to investigate war crimes in Syria . They were the only two of 15 countries to vote against the resolution . If China has to use its veto powers to defend North Korea against the collective international will , there are effects , said Lee . "  High-profile actions at the U.N. that pit China and the DPRK on one side against the ` civilized ' nations of the world on the other have implications on how states and multinational corporations conduct trade and business with the DPRK , " he said . "  Divestiture was a powerful tool the world used against South Africa 's apartheid regime . Likewise , deterring European states and companies from selling North Korea luxury goods in violation of several UNSC resolutions can only put pressure on the Kim regime . " 5 . What the U.S. wants The U.S. backs the resolution to sanction and refer North Korea to the ICC . Despite the gesture made by North Korea last week to release the last remaining two Americans -- Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller -- detained in the country , it has not altered the United State 's stance on the country 's human rights . "  Nothing has changed about our concerns about North Korea 's human record -- abysmal human rights record , " said Jen Psaki , U.S. State Department spokeswoman . "  Those issues remain ones that we will continue to work with the international community on . "	U.N. General Assembly committee considers resolution on North Korean human rights Security Council has the power to refer to the International Criminal Court China does not support referring North Korea to the ICC for human rights abuses Follows allegations of widespread abuses inside the isolated country
CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update , posted 9:04 p.m. ET -RSB- The live stream from what is believed to be the wreck of the World War II battleship Musashi in the waters around the Philippines began at 9:03 a.m. local time  9:03 p.m. ET  Friday . An underwater camera showed various sections of the ship , which displaced 69,000 tons when it was built , putting it in the largest class of battleships at that time . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 7:47 p.m. ET -RSB- It 's a journey beneath the waves and back in time . Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen plans to live-stream an underwater tour of a wreck off the Philippine coast that 's believed to be the remains of a long-lost World War II Japanese battleship . Allen , a philanthropist , said last week that he and his research team had discovered the wreck of the Musashi , which was once one of the two largest warships in the world . They had been searching for the ship for more than eight years . After the discovery last week , the team shared photos and video footage of parts of the vessel . Now , they 're planning to take viewers on a real-time tour of the wreck with the unmanned submersible they used to find it at a depth of around 1 kilometer  3,280 feet  . The live-stream is scheduled to start at 9 a.m. Friday , Philippines time  9 p.m. Thursday , ET  . It 's expected to show various parts of the warship , including the bow and stern sections and the conning tower . Launched in 1940 , the Musashi was , at the time , the largest class of warship ever constructed , displacing more than 69,000 tons . It was one of two Yamato-class battleships constructed by the Imperial Japanese Navy . The ship sank on October 24 , 1944 , during the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea , part of the Battle of Leyte Gulf in the central Philippines . According to U.S. Navy documents , torpedo planes from U.S. aircraft carriers scored at least 10 hits on the battleship over the course of four hours . Navy dive bombers also hit the ship 16 times , but it was the torpedo hits that doomed the Musashi . More than 1,000 of the Musashi 's crew were killed during the battle and sinking . Over 1,300 survivors were taken aboard by other Japanese warships , according to the U.S. Navy report . "  We are proud to have played a role in finding this key vessel in naval history and are honored to share it with the survivors , the families of those who perished and the world , " Allen said in a statement . He has said his long fascination with World War II history was inspired by his father 's service in the U.S. Army . Last week , he tweeted images of the wreck , including one that he said showed the bow of the ship -- featuring a distinctive chrysanthemum , the emblem of Japan 's royal family -- and a big anchor . Another photo showed valves on which the Japanese characters for "  main valve handle " and "  open " are legible . Robert Kraft , director of subsea operations for Allen 's Vulcan company , who will provide commentary during the live-stream , spoke more about the process . "  We used historical records from four countries , detailed undersea topographical data and advanced technology to identify the wreckage as the Musashi , " he said . "  That moment of discovery was exhilarating . " Kazushige Todaka , the director of Japan 's Kure Maritime Museum , said last week after viewing the information posted by Allen that it appeared that the vessel was the Musashi , although pictures of the entire body of the ship were needed to know for sure . Todaka said , given the location and the depth at which the wreck was found , he was "  90 % sure " that the ship was the Musashi . "  I was really surprised because the location of the sunken ship has never been identified since it went down , " he said . "  I have heard countless stories in the past that the ship was discovered , but they all turned out not to be true . " Todaka said Allen 's team had been in contact with the museum about the expedition and the ship 's potential location . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	A live-stream tour of the ship is underway Japan 's giant battleship Musashi was sunk off the Philippines in World War II A team led by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen said last week it had found the wreck
CNN  -- The tropical cruise was once the quintessential getaway of the elderly retiree -- a relaxing voyage through sun-soaked climes augmented by the soothing sounds of the open ocean . Not any more . Come Sunday evening , the vast expanse of the Caribbean Sea will echo to the altogether more riotous noise of "  Shiprocked , " a heavy metal festival aboard the giant Norwegian Pearl cruise ship . Setting sail from the port of Miami , Florida , the floating concert will alight in Great Stirrup Cay in the Bahamas five days later . Pina coladas by the pool and tranquil ocean sunsets from the cabin balcony this raucous event is not . Instead , just under 3,000 paying guests will be treated to drums , guitars and foot-stomping moshpits as the likes of Papa Roach , Five Finger Death Punch and In This Moment perform across a series of stages set up both above and below deck . According to "  Shiprocked " owner Alan Koenig the event will be "  the ultimate hard rock festival at sea . " "  We already sold out a few months in advance and are now super-excited about sailing , " he added of an event that has almost tripled in size since it first set sail in 2009 . On top of live performances from more than 23 bands , a range of comedians , dancers and entertainers will provide additional on-board attractions . Guests are free to mingle with bands and performers in the vessel 's many bars , restaurants and during daytime activities -- quizzes , Q&A s and talent shows -- put on by the event organizers . Sea of rock This heady mix of sun , food , drink and metal is light-years away from the traditional music festival where fans sleep in campsites and catch truncated sets of their favorite bands as they perform to tens or even hundreds of thousands of people . Koenig believes the intimacy of concert cruises alongside the easy interaction they encourage between bands and audience are the main reasons the concept has proved popular . Big name acts such as Kid Rock , Weezer and Damian Marley have all taken part in similar voyages or set up their own cruises in recent years . Mega-festivals like Coachella have also gotten in on the act with an indie-rock cruise in late 2012 headlined by UK legends Pulp . Promoter and producer of the Monsters of Rock , Moody Blues and Celtic Thunder cruises , Larry Morland believes that artists and event organizers are beginning to realize there is a value to these maritime festivals beyond the novelty of performing at sea . No wonder given tickets for "  Shiprocked " are priced between $ 899 and $ 3,599 , showing the events can be a lucrative endeavor as well as great exposure for bands and festival brands . They arguably also help attract a younger audience to cruise vacations . "  It really has developed in the last five or so years , " Morland said . "  They have gone from being simple productions to now having elaborate stages and video walls . It 's kind of  become  a Vegas-type entertainment atmosphere on a ship . "  Fans are willing to pay a premium , and going on a cruise is a premium , for what it is basically a vacation with their favorite band . " he added . "  It 's a very memorable experience for them . " Nostalgia sells The expense , which generally equates to more than a land based festival given the extra cost of food , beverages and activities included in the ticket , ensures the majority of fans are aged 35 or upwards , inevitably influencing the type of bands booked for cruises . Rather than contemporary chart acts , groups will likely be more established and have built up a committed following over a number of years . Such loyalty reflects itself in the way fans and bands interact aboard the ship . Both Koenig and Morland recall witnessing big-name artists sit down for long chats with fans and in some cases perform impromptu collaborations or sing-a-longs . According to Morgan Rose , drummer in the band Sevendust , who have performed at previous "  Shiprocked " events and will do so again this year , giving something back to those who make their success possible is important . "  It 's so cool as usually the bands who come aboard think this is different from anything else and a really good way to meet the people who support the music , " he said . "  You 're out there for four or five days at a time and you get to become friends with these people . " Rose fondly recalls drinking the bar dry with fans at previous events and watching as other bands get up to unspeakable rock and roll mischief with their adoring public . As the concert cruise concept becomes more popular , however , both Koenig and Morland see the need to continually improve what they offering music fans . Morland speaks of rumors of a gigantic cruise ship being built with the sole purpose of hosting floating music festivals . More likely in the short term though will be ever bigger bands performing on cruises . "  The sky 's the limit , " Morland said of who could potentially be attracted to play . "  I can see us going after the  Rolling  Stones sooner or later . "  You could even fill up a couple of ships and have  warm up  events on board before sailing to a private island and having a full Stones show there . Some of the cruise companies already own a private Caribbean island or two . "  Can you imagine that , " he asks excitedly before pausing briefly seemingly to consider the prospect of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and co. strutting their stuff on a far-off beach at sundown . "  That would be amazing . " See also : Cricketers play at sea See also : Celebrity architects space age yacht See also : Beard saved me from jellyfish	"  Shiprocked " is a heavy metal cruise that takes place in the middle of the Caribbean Sea Popular bands perform to nearly 3,000 guests over a five-day Miami-Bahamas trip Artists like Kid Rock and Damian Marley are setting up their own cruises Cruise promoter is dreaming of signing the Rolling Stones for future trips
Chicago  CNN  -- Three men charged with conspiring to commit domestic terrorism during the NATO summit were plotting to attack President Obama 's Chicago campaign headquarters , the Chicago mayor 's home and police stations , authorities said Saturday . A police investigation that began early this month revealed that the three suspects are "  self-proclaimed anarchists " and members of the "  Black Bloc " group who traveled together from Florida to Chicago to commit violence as a protest against the NATO summit , authorities said in a statement . Diplomatic marathon : G8 focusing on Greece ; NATO , on Afghanistan "  Black Bloc " was the group blamed for violence that occurred in recent "  Occupy " protests , such as in Rome last year when anarchists in ski masks torched cars and clashed with police and even other Occupy protesters . The three men were planning to destroy police cars and attack four Chicago police district stations with destructive devices as a way to undermine police response to other planned actions at the NATO summit , according to a statement by Cook County State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez and Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy . Downtown Chicago financial institutions were also among the proposed targets , authorities said . An Illinois judge set bail at $ 1.5 million for each of the three suspects : Brian Church , 22 , of Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; Jared Chase , 27 , of Keene , New Hampshire ; and Brent Betterly , 24 , who told police he resides in Massachusetts , authorities said . The three men were charged with material support for terrorism , conspiracy to commit terrorism , and possession of explosives or incendiary devices , authorities said . The three men were arrested Wednesday , and charges were announced Saturday , according to authorities . "  The individuals that we have charged in this investigation are not peaceful protesters . They are domestic terrorists who came to Chicago with an anarchist agenda to harm our police officers , intimidate our citizens and to attack their politically motivated targets , " said Alvarez . According to authorities , Church said he wanted to recruit four groups of four co-conspirators -- or 16 people -- and that reconnaissance had already been done on the Chicago Police Department headquarters . The three men also possessed or built improvised exposive or incendiary devices , a mortar gun , swords , a hunting bow , throwing stars , and knives with brass-knuckle handles , authorities said . In court , prosecutors accused the three men of preparing for "  violence and destruction , " such as stockpiling Molotov cocktails . But a defense attorney called those accusations "  propaganda " and contended authorities "  infiltrated " a peaceful group and set up the three men . The three defendants stood expressionless in court , each handcuffed behind the back . A couple dozen of their supporters in the courtroom could be heard faintly scoffing at prosecutor Matthew Thrun as he called the defendants "  self-proclaimed anarchists ... making preparations for violence and destruction . " Thrun said one of the defendants could be heard planning an attack and quoted him as saying , "  this city does not know what it is in for , and it will never be the same . " According to Thrun , the defendants bought gasoline at a BP station , cut bandanas for fuses , and had four empty beer bottles to be used as Molotov cocktails . Thrun told the court that Church made a remark while assembling the Molotov cocktails : "  Ever seen a cop on fire ? " Defense attorney Michael Deutsch accused authorities of "  police misconduct , " saying undercover agents infiltrated a "  peaceful " group . "  They even bought the makings of Molotov cocktails and gave it to them , " Deutsch said in court . Outside of court , he called the case a set-up and an example of "  entrapment to the highest degree . " "  It is sensationalism by the police and the state to discredit the protesters that have come here to nonviolently protest , " the attorney said . The National Lawyers Guild , which says it 's representing the three defendants , said Chicago police arrested a total of nine activists Wednesday at a house in Chicago 's Bridgeport neighborhood and then released six of them . The guild described the three defendants as "  Occupy activists " and said police provided no evidence of criminal intent or wrongdoing . "  It 's outrageous for the city to apply terrorism charges when it 's the police who have been terrorizing activists and threatening their right to protest , " attorney Sarah Gelsomino with the lawyers guild and the People 's Law Office , said in a statement . Judge Edward Harmening set the three defendants ' next court date for Tuesday . On Sunday , NATO kicks off its two-day summit in Chicago , and the war in Afghanistan is expected to dominate discussions . Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Zardari are both expected to attend the meeting . A user 's guide to the NATO summit NATO leaders are currently on a timetable to withdraw all of the alliance 's combat troops from Afghanistan in 2014 . CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Chicago and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Defense says 3 suspects are Occupy protesters , but police say they 're "  Black Bloc " anarchists Three suspects allegedly stockpiled Molotov cocktails and planned attacks on police Defense team calls the allegations "  propaganda " and says police infiltrated a peaceful group Judge sets bails for each of the three suspects at $ 1.5 million
CNN  -- "  Who do you want to see ? " asked the Salafi Jihadists holding their AK-47s at the gate . "  Hamas leaders , " I replied . "  Why Hamas ? Why not our Jihadi brothers ? " the guard asked . "  Well , Hamas are in government in Gaza . " "  They wo n't be in future , " he responded . "  They have sold out and become agents of the Israelis , and in years to come we will govern Gaza . Be sure to meet our brothers here in the camp , too . " The guard then gave me directions to a safe house where someone could take me to Hamas . This was last summer . I was visiting a Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut for book research . It took me two more days to locate Hamas leadership . Inside the camp , just as in Gaza , Hamas had a wide network of schools , financiers , mosques , makeshift hospitals , readily available doctors , banking services , and support for orphans and widows . We in the West deem Hamas a terrorist organization . Yes , one part of it is committed to terrorism , killing innocent civilians in the pursuit of political aims , but we are mistaken if we continue to limit our definition by one aspect of Hamas . Unless we better understand Hamas , we can not help halt the killings of Israelis and Arabs in the Middle East . Hamas is not a monolith , nor is it only a terrorist group : It is a social movement , with a mass membership , a popular message of resistance that resonates across the Muslim world , and a political party with which we must negotiate . "  When the Israelis were fighting Yasser Arafat and the PLO , the Arabs were losing , " the Hamas leader -- whose name I must withhold -- told me . "  We saw them abandon anti-aircraft missiles here in Beirut in the 1980s . But now , with Hezbollah and Hamas , we fight to die , to kill . We believe in martyrdom . We do n't flee from the battlefield . " To my Hamas hosts , Israel 's operation in Lebanon in 2006 , or its attack on Gaza in 2009 , were huge victories . "  We are now winning . We fight Israel and want to fight again and again . " This strong belief that they are victorious is in itself a loss for Israel : It has failed to weaken Hamas . Fighting and killing have been a curse to Israel 's existence over the last six decades . The trajectory has been to make Israel weaker and more hated around the world ; to popularize the ideology of radicalism amid Muslims and fuel anti-Americanism in the Middle East . Israel can not kill itself into security or survival . It must learn the language of peace and co-existence . For how much longer will we in the West continue to damage our own standing in the nearly 2 billion-strong Muslim world as our ally Israel delivers dead children and destroyed schools to Muslim television screens ? Israel killed Hamas founder Sheikh Ahmed Yassin in 2004 , along with several bodyguards , and then his successors , promising us that this would help reduce violence and terror . Almost a decade later , Hamas is not only strong and vibrant , in government since 2007 , but lobbing rockets at Jerusalem and kidnapping Israeli soldiers . In short , Hamas is strong and growing psychologically stronger , while Israel has failed to achieve its peace and security . Worse , contrary to what many believed , Hamas was not weakened when Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy , a supporter , was toppled in July 2013 . Morsy made many mistakes , but President Obama 's telephone calls to him helped bring Hamas to the table and secure a cease-fire in 2012 much sooner . Israel does not deserve all the blame . Arab political and religious leaders , despite historic grievances , have a duty to recognize that Israel is their neighbor . Israel is part of the mosaic of the modern Middle East . A change in tone and tenor and a public embrace of Israel by religious leaders will calm the nerves of an anxious Israeli population . In the end , Israel has limited options . Peace is not possible without Hamas , and Hamas is not a simple terrorist outfit . Its political arm , its leadership inside and outside Gaza , despite their tensions , are open to indirect talks with Israel . Just as the British and American governments negotiated peace in Northern Ireland by reaching out to IRA terrorists through their political wing of Sinn Fein , we must tame Hamas through politics , not the failed strategy of war . Hamas and Islamic Jihad were among the Palestinian groups that met in Cairo Sunday and reached a 72-hour humanitarian cease-fire agreement brokered by Egyptian officials . Here , the European Union and the United States can work through Fatah , Qatar , Turkey , Saudi Arabia and negotiate along the 2002 Arab peace plan suggested by Saudi Arabia . Hamas must be brought in . Almost 2 million people in Gaza need our support . If we fail to bring in Hamas and create a sustained peace that leads to prosperity for Palestinians and Israelis , then we must prepare for an enemy who is worse : Salafi Jihadis . And with Gaza , the popularity of the Salafi Jihadi message will spread far and wide . My guard at the refugee camp insisted I speak with his brothers-in-arms . I did not , but I fear he might be right . Will Israel help itself and us , or hinder ?	Ed Husain : Hamas is not just terror group : It has schools , banks , mosques , doctors Husain : West damages standing in Muslim world as TV shows dead children , blasted schools Peace is not possible without Hamas leaders , he says , who are open to indirect talks Husain : If we do n't deal with Hamas , we might have a worse enemy : Salafi Jihadis
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Heavily populated parts of Chile still were without water service and electricity Sunday night because of Saturday 's 8.8-magnitude earthquake , and reports of looting raised fears about security in some areas . The nation 's hardest-hit major city , Concepcion , declared an overnight curfew . The death count from the earthquake doubled on Sunday from a day earlier , to 708 deaths . Calling Saturday morning 's quake an "  unthinkable disaster , " Chilean President Michelle Bachelet said a state of catastrophe in the hardest-hit regions would continue , allowing for the restoration of order and speedy distribution of aid . Looting broke out in parts of the country , including in Concepcion in central coastal Chile , about 70 miles  112 kilometers  from the earthquake 's epicenter . Desperate residents scrounged for water and supplies inside empty and damaged supermarkets . On Sunday morning , authorities used tear gas and water cannons to disperse looters in some areas . The quake struck before dawn Saturday , toppling thousands of houses and dealing a serious blow to one of Latin America 's most stable economies . The Chilean Red Cross reported that about 500,000 homes had considerable damage as a result of the quake . Did you feel the quake ? Share photos , videos , info with CNN Chilean President-elect Sebastian Piñera , scheduled to take office in March , warned Sunday that looting could grow worse with nightfall . He called for more government help in restoring order . "  Tonight we will experience a very , very difficult situation with public order , particularly in the area of Concepcion , " Piñera told Radio Bio Bio . Concepcion , the capital of the Bio Bio region , did n't have enough police to control all those seeking food and supplies from stores . Some became desperate as supermarkets closed and gasoline was unavailable , CNN Chile reported . On Sunday afternoon , people were seen entering a mill looking for ingredients for bread . In the evening , a CNN team passed a dozen gas stations that were being looted , with people siphoning gas . Military officers were guarding a few gas stations , but few other signs of a government response could be seen . Looting was being done not just by desperate residents , but by others who were merely opportunistic , said Concepcion mayor Van Rysselberghe . "  They are robbing everything , " she said , asking for a stronger military response to restore calm . In addition to food , gas and emergency supplies , looters were targeting appliance and electronics stores , Van Rysselberghe said . Watch chaotic scene in damaged supermarket Some small business owners resorted to protecting their shops with rifles and shotguns , said Rysselberghe , who also considered the current police force inadequate . Concepcion is under curfew from 9 p.m. Sunday to 6 a.m. Monday because of the looting . The city government is distributing water from the central plaza . Concepcion and its adjacent sister city of Talcahuano , Chile , have a population of 840,000 . Video from Concepcion showed collapsed walls of buildings exposing twisted rebar . Whole sides of buildings were sheared off , and at least two structures were on fire . Chile 's Office of Emergency Management launched a C130 helicopter Sunday with a contingent of 40 specialized firefighters and 10 search dogs for the rescue effort in Concepcion . People in their homes lacked electricity . Hundreds faced sleeping in tents on Sunday night . Bachelet said her government reached an agreement with the country 's major supermarkets that would allow them to give away basic foodstuffs to those affected by the quake . The armed forces were available to help with security and the distribution of food , she said . In Concepcion on Sunday , a long line of people waited for foodstuffs as military personnel stood watch . "  I have nothing , " one woman told CNN Chile . "  I have no bread . I am a widow . I am 81 years old . " Of the 708 reported dead as of Sunday afternoon , 541 had died in Chile 's Maule region , and 64 in the Bio Bio region , both in south-central Chile . "  I am certain that these are numbers that will continue to grow , " Bachelet said . Bachelet said Saturday that some 2 million people had been affected in one way or another , but she did not elaborate . More than 90 aftershocks had been recorded , ranging from 4.9 to 6.9 in magnitude . A 6.2-magnitude aftershock was recorded near the earthquake 's epicenter on Sunday . Chile has received many offers of international aid and will accept the help that it needs , Bachelet said . The U.S. military and the U.S. Agency for International Development were working to provide satellite phones , the State Department said Sunday . "  The Chilean government has not yet accepted additional offers of assistance , pending the completion of an assessment of specific needs , " State Department spokeswoman Megan Mattson said , noting the airport in Santiago , Chile , was closed to foreign aid . "  As soon as the Chilean government establishes additional needs , the United States stands ready to assist in disaster response efforts , " she said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will be traveling to Santiago on Tuesday on a previously scheduled trip through Latin America . She had originally been scheduled to arrive Monday . Bachelet said she hoped that the airport in Santiago , the capital , would reopen soon to private , public and commercial air traffic . The country 's Department of Emergency Management said Sunday that repairs at the airport would take 48 hours . The airline LAN Chile said that three flights left from Peru to Chile on Sunday , one of them landing in Santiago . These flights were not commercial , but were transporting Chileans stranded in Peru back to their country , LAN Chile spokesman Roberto Davila told CNN en Español . Piñera sought to rally spirits in nationally televised remarks Sunday night , announcing a reconstruction plan called "  Up With Chile . " "  We will raise Chile , " he said . "  It 's not going to be a short task , it 's not going to be easy . It will require a lot of effort , a lot of resources , and a lot of time . " Saturday 's quake was 700 to 800 times stronger than the 7.0-magnitude quake that struck Haiti in January , which left about 212,000 people dead and more than 1 million homeless . Chile 's quake also occurred at a greater depth -- 21.7 miles -- than the 8.1-mile depth of the Haiti quake , which contributed to much of the damage there . Coastal Chile has a history of deadly earthquakes , with 13 temblors of magnitude 7.0 or higher since 1973 , the U.S. Geological Survey said . As a result , experts said that newer buildings are constructed to help withstand the shocks . CNN 's Rolando Santos , Brian Byrnes , Karen Smith , Saeed Ahmed , Patricio Martinez and Patty Lane contributed to this report .	Concepcion under curfew because of looting Death toll from Chilean quake rises to more than 700 , president says Supermarkets will give away supplies on hand to quake victims , president says More than 90 aftershocks recorded , a day after massive quake shook Chile
You might have been forgiven for not knowing there is an election around Europe , starting on Thursday , to elect 751 members of the European Parliament , known as MEPs . You are not forgiven . There are 751 seats from 28 countries up for grabs . Nearly 400 million Europeans are eligible to vote . Extreme parties on the left , and more noticeable , on the right , are expected to poll very well . It seems the angry are most likely to make the effort to vote , from Dublin to Athens . The European Parliament gained more power in the Lisbon Treaty . It certainly does not have the legislative power of a national parliament , but it has the power to pressure Brussels . In theory it even has the power to "  elect " the next European Commission president  though heads of state/government can also ignore who parliament chooses . Is n't Europe fun ?  . During the last vote , in 2009 , the United Kingdom Independence Party came in second to the now ruling Conservative Party -- both parties are full of euroskeptics -- and UKIP became a force in British politics . If you believe polls , UKIP could come in first in Thursday 's vote . The difference this time around is that the party has been under heavy scrutiny about his anti-immigration stance , about its controversial leader Nigel Farage and about its desire for the UK to actually pull out of the EU -- which of course would put its MEPs out of work . That 's because UKIP does not have one single seat in Westminster , the UK 's national parliament . But UKIP is tapping into a feeling that is also benefiting parties on the extreme left -- that Brussels has lost its way . While rightist parties want to cut EU budgets , cut its influence , or simply cut it all up and throw it away , those on the left have been pushing hard to end the austerity drive driven by Brussels . They want to see spending to cut Europe 's biggest disease : unemployment . Both extremes are benefiting from drag on Europe following the economic crisis which was followed by the Great Recession . Europeans are sick of it all and have every right to express their displeasure through the ballot box . So , will it make a difference ? Yes , but maybe not in obvious ways . The bigger the vote for the extremes , the more likely the middle parties will have to work together to form a voting bloc . Giles Moec of Deutsche Bank calls it the "  big soft " center . The second influence by the fringe parties will be how far they push national governments to the left or the right , depending . Some ruling parties have already embraced their left party 's call to end austerity and spend their way back to health . Other ruling parties have talked about cracking down on immigrants and other bogeymen , real or imagined . So , the rise of the fringe can influence Europe for the next five years simply by being who they are and making their voice at every turn , even if they ca n't really vote as a bloc . You see , if there is one thing the fringe have in common in Europe , they are far from united . Every time one of them sticks their foot into it , the others have to at least pretend to be aghast and to pull away . The more seats the rightest parties gain from next week , the more likely the battle between Marine Le Pen of the France 's National Front and Farage of UKIP for dominance will split the base . No unity from the right is expected . Now , if I am wrong and the right can form a useable bloc to block Brussels at every turn , then the European elections will prove to have been more important than most people could ever imagine . READ MORE : Protest parties shake up election READ MORE : How the European election works READ MORE : Europe needs a new vision	The European elections begins Thursday , and 400 million voters are eligible to vote across 28 EU member states The protest parties have been rising in popularity , but they are unlikely to have influence , as Jim Boulden writes They are more likely to push the middle parties together -- creating a more moderate centrist bloc
CNN  -- This year 's critically acclaimed films take audiences from places like slave plantations in the antebellum South , to packed Ebbets Field as Jackie Robinson steps up to bat , and to inner-city public housing on a scorching summer day . While set in various eras and depicting diverse stories , many of the films on the short list for the 2013 awards season show an emerging trend ; Hollywood is making movies about the black experience in America . This year alone there have been at least half a dozen movies portraying African-American narratives , including Lee Daniels ' "  The Butler , " "  Fruitvale Station , " "  The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete , " "  Blue Caprice , " "  42 " and "  12 Years a Slave , " which hits theaters October 18 . "  Certainly 2013 has been a banner year with regards to the number of films that feature African-American themes , " said Gil Robertson , co-founder of the African-American Film Critics Association . "  Those films all really arrive at the threshold in terms of the quality that will seriously put them in the running for Oscar consideration . " Not only do the movies portray the African-American experience , but they 're also created from the ground up by today 's most prominent black filmmakers and actors . Oscar-winner Forest Whitaker , who played the lead role in "  The Butler , " says the trend in Hollywood allows for a more diverse storytelling . "  There are so many projects where people are being able to have their voices heard , " Whitaker said . "  I think that 's hopefully going to continue to expand in the African-American community ... and all the voices can be heard in the tapestry of who we are as people . " Hollywood has not seen such an emphasis on African-American storylines since the 1980s and '90s , with Spike Lee and John Singleton 's street dramas like "  Do the Right Thing " and "  Boyz n the Hood . " Opinion : Why you should see '12 Years a Slave ' "  They were speaking about what was happening in the present day , " said Ya'Ke Smith , professor of Film at University of Texas at Arlington and independent filmmaker . "  Speaking to a lot of gang violence , debunking stereotypes about young black men in the hood , speaking to racism going on not only in Brooklyn but all over the world . " By the early 2000s , the American blockbuster took a turn with film series like "  Harry Potter " and "  Lord of the Rings . " But in 2009 , Hollywood rekindled a fascination with African-American storylines , with movies like "  The Blind Side , " "  Invictus " and "  Precious . " Subsequently , "  The Help "  2011  , "  Red Tails "  2012  and "  Django Unchained "  2013  hit mainstream theaters . "  I think the American attitude has changed with regards to going to see films that perhaps feature all African-American casts or that tell African-American stories , " Robertson said . "  Americans are more open to paying their 10-15 dollars and taking in those experiences . " Some credit the shift in Hollywood to Washington , citing President Barack Obama 's 2009 inauguration as the spark that reignited interest in the African-American experience , from slavery to the Oval Office . "  People have talked about the ` Obama effect , ' " said Chiwetel Ejiofor , star of "  12 Years a Slave . " "  If people are interested and they want to go and see movies that have diversity or are about different things in that way , then in a way that allows them to be created more . " Ejiofor 's "  12 Years a Slave " co-star Michael Fassbender agrees that the election of the country 's first African-American president , along with other timely events , helped trigger universal consciousness . "  We 're dealing with 150 years since the abolition of slavery , " he said . "  There are a lot of anniversaries at the moment ,  the assassination of  Martin Luther King Jr. . We have a black president in America . All of those things perhaps contribute . " Yet Smith warns that filmmakers must be cautious when focusing on historical narratives , saying too much emphasis on historical events minimizes issues that many African-Americans deal with today . "  When it comes to African-Americans , it 's easier to talk about it like it happened , not like it 's happening , " he said . "  That can create a safe dialogue because it happened 50 , 100 , 150 years ago . It allows us to look at it from a safe distance , but sometimes I think it 's irresponsible because these issues are continuing to happen . "  That 's why I want to see both sides of the narrative , " he continued . "  The historical side and the current side . We 've come a long way , but we still have a long way to go . " Ryan Coogler is one filmmaker who wanted to address the issues that contemporary African-Americans face with his movie "  Fruitvale Station , " which chronicles the 2009 shooting of black 22-year-old Oscar Grant by a BART police officer . "  That 's something that I deal with on a day-to-day basis , losing friends to gun violence , " the 26-year-old director said at the movie 's premiere . "  I 've seen lives cut short too soon , whether it be police-involved shootings or whether it be black-on-black crime . "  What gets glossed over is that we 're human beings , too , like everybody else , young African-American males . I hope the people can see a little bit of themselves in the character if they sit down and watch the film . " Similarly , "  The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete " illuminates the struggles of people living in the inner-city projects , following 13-year-old Mister  Skylan Brooks  as he tries to survive through a stifling New York summer after being abandoned by his mother  Jennifer Hudson  . "  Mister 's journey is not often heard , " actor Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje said at the movie 's premiere . "  What he does is he just shows the humanity of who he is as a young black child , and you 're able to see his humanity , his heart , beyond his skin color . " Opinion : Why ` The Butler ' is groundbreaking More than simply stories on the streets , this year 's batch of movies also represent African-American family life on the big screen . Oprah Winfrey revealed she was very drawn to the cast of "  The Butler " because of the central portrayal of the African-American familyâ $ " doing typical things , like dropping a son off to college and finishing one another 's sentences . "  One of the reasons why I love this film and wanted to be a part of it is the tenderness between the husband and wife , the tenderness and nurturing nature of the middle-class family , " Winfrey said . When it comes to depicting black family life , Robertson said the film industry has been slow to catch up to television , referencing sitcoms like "  The Cosby Show " in the 1980s . And some argue that Hollywood still needs to stop putting African-Americans in roles of servitude , like slaves and servants , and start casting them more often as regular characters in mainstream movies . "  Critics do n't look at a film and notice that every one of the lead roles is white , " said Ronda Racha Penrice , author of "  African-American History For Dummies " and editor at "  Uptown " magazine . "  We 're taught it 's the norm , and it 's not the norm . We believe that we can have really good films that have majority white casts ; why ca n't we believe that we can have a majority black , Latino , or Asian cast , and have a good film as well ? " However , some point out that the idea of a black renaissance in the film industry can be simplistic , and argue that in Hollywood the most important color is n't black or white , but green . Filmmaking is a business , and ultimately diverse story lines in mainstream theaters depend on funding and subsequent success at the box office . "  I do n't think it 's because there 's any age of enlightenment , " said Alfre Woodard , who is in "  12 Years a Slave . " "  I think it 's just serendipitous for those individuals that fight to get funding for the stories they want to get told ; it just sort of happened that way right now . It will go just as dry as it ever was shortly . " Nonetheless , the resurgence in movies that focus on African-American stories is apparent , with more than a dozen such films opening in the past four years . Even more , like "  Belle " and "  Get On Up , " are set for release in 2014 . "  The commercial and critical success of these films is showing , " Penrice said . "  Just like there are audiences for the various ` Avengers ' movies , there are people who want to see these slices of wider America . " The push for more diversity is coming from within Hollywood as well . Lupita Nyong ` o , another actor in "  12 Years a Slave , " said she looks forward to the day when films that feature African-American stories will no longer be an anomaly . Meanwhile , "  The Butler " director Lee Daniels is reportedly planning production for an action movie starring an interracial gay couple . "  They have to fund those movies " said Octavia Spencer , one of the stars of "  Fruitvale Station . " "  You have to create a level playing field for women , for people of color , gay , straight , whatever . We just need to do it . The money 's there . The subject 's there . " ` The Butler ' reflects America 's racial conversations	In 2013 , half a dozen movies portraying the African-American experience have been released The trend may signify a renaissance of African-American film But some actors look forward to the day when the trend is not an anomaly
CNN  -- This weekend 's Scottish football fixtures have been curtailed as overseas officials scheduled to cover for striking referees decided not to help out . Poland 's football association withdrew its offer of 12 officials , while two refs from Portugal returned home on Friday after arriving in Glasgow , the UK Press Association reported . Luxembourg 's Alain Hamer will referee two Scottish Premier League matches in two days as he takes charge of second-placed Celtic 's home clash with Inverness and defending champions Rangers ' trip to Dundee United . The four remaining SPL games are expected to go ahead ahead despite the Portuguese officials Cosme Machado and Joao Ferreira having been scheduled for two of them . Israel will provide officials for the other two , with Meir Levy to referee Hamilton Accies v St Mirren and Eli Hacmon taking charge of Kilmarnock-Aberdeen , also on Saturday . Sunday 's Challenge Cup final between Ross County and Queen of the South is still expected to be played . However , two of the three Scottish Cup replays are off due to the Polish turnaround and 10 lower league matches have been postponed . Scotland 's category one officials decided earlier this week that they would stand down in protest against increasing levels of criticism from players , managers and the media . PA reported on Thursday that the cost to bring in overseas officials would be around $ 50,000 compared to the $ 300,000 shortfall if the matches were not played . SFA chief executive Stewart Regan said the strike was "  a sad day for Scottish football . " "  After further positive talks yesterday , and having received the backing of both the SPL and the SFL -LSB- Scottish Football League -RSB- , I felt that we had shown our commitment to the refereeing fraternity and that they had recognized that substantial progress had been made , " he told the SFA website . It is the first time that Scotland has employed officials from outside its borders . The 44-year-old Hamer has a decade of experience in Europe 's top club competition , the Champions League , and has refereed Scotland matches at international level .	Portuguese and Polish referees decide against covering for striking Scottish officials Luxembourg 's Alain Hamer will referee two Scottish Premier League matches in two days All six SPL matches still expected to go ahead , but 12 other games are called off Scottish referees are protesting increasing levels of criticism from clubs and media
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Laura Hathaway initially had no regrets after getting a tattoo on her lower back when she was 21 . But now , 10 years later , she wants it gone . Tattoo removal is more painful than the original tattoo , patient Laura Hathaway says . The pharmaceutical sales representative from Atlanta , Georgia , says it does n't fit in with her current lifestyle as the mother of a 2-year-old boy who just started to talk . "  The other day I bent over and he said , ` What 's that ? ' and it just confirms why I 'm having it removed . " Dr. Scott Karempelis of Atlanta Dermatology Associates is performing a multitreatment laser procedure that will gradually erase Hathaway 's tattoo with little or no scarring . The process is painful , expensive and time-consuming . Karempelis says that in spite of the drawbacks , "  business is booming . " He and three other dermatologists in his office see more than 30 patients a day who want tattoos removed by laser . Watch Hathaway 's tattoo beginning to disappear " The American Academy of Dermatology reports tattoo regret is common in the United States . Among a group of 18 - to 50-year-olds surveyed in 2004 , 24 percent reported having a tattoo and 17 percent of those considered getting their tattoo removed . Karempelis uses a state-of-the-art laser that targets the pigment in the tattoo . "  It goes through the skin without damaging it and hits the pigment depending on which wavelength and which color you have , and it blows it into small pieces . " The tattoo ink is then reabsorbed into the body through the lymphatic system . The process must be completed over several sessions in order to protect the skin from damage . Hathaway expects to go through 10 sessions several weeks apart , each lasting less than a minute . She admits it 's a lot more painful than getting the original tattoo . "  It 's prickly , " describes Hathaway . "  It feels like a bee is sitting on your back stinging time and time again . Afterwards , the pain does go away and you 're a little sore for a few hours . " Patients with bigger tattoos are sometimes given the option to use a topical anesthetic , but Karempelis points out that it adds to the cost . Like other dermatologists , he charges by the square inch for the laser treatment . By the time Hathaway 's done , she expects to pay more than $ 2,200 . There 's no guarantee that she wo n't have a scar . "  Scarring is your major risk , " says Karempelis . "  Almost everyone gets a little bit of discoloration , a little lighter , a little darker for a while . But in most cases if you wait a year , you can not see where it was done initially . " Certain tattoo colors , such as green , yellow and purple , are harder to remove , Karempelis says , especially for people with darker skin . Some parts of the body also pose a challenge . "  The farthest away from the heart are hardest to treat , so the ankles are the toughest , " Karempelis says . He predicts his business will increase in the future , after a new type of tattoo ink hits the market . Freedom-2 is a microencapsulated dye . It 's designed to be easily removed by a single laser treatment . "  The laser would hit that pigment and it would completely dissolve immediately . ... You would n't need repetitive treatments , " the doctor says . But until the ink becomes available , Karempelis expects to see a variety of patients going through long sessions to remove reminders of their past . He says the most popular tattoos to be removed in his office are the names of old boyfriends and former spouses . In Hathaway 's case , her tattoo of a flower did n't fit the image she wants to portray . She says she got the tattoo long before low-rise pants became popular . "  It 's just something I wanted to be private and now it 's not . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	American Academy of Dermatology : Tattoo regret common in the U.S. Current tattoo removal process is painful , expensive , time-consuming New , more easily removed tattoo ink scheduled to be available this fall
CNN  -- The one really big question hanging over President Obama 's weekend vacation to Panama City , Florida , now has an answer . Will he or wo n't he dive into the water to send a message that the Gulf Coast is back ? The answer : He will , and sooner than expected . "  I think we 're going to go tomorrow and as I just said Ed , I 'm not going to let you guys take a picture of me with my shirt off , " Obama jokingly told CNN Saturday . "  You guys will tease me just like last time . I was on the front page ... People commenting . " But just hours later , a photo was published on the White House Flickr page showing a smiling President Obama and his daughter Sasha taking a dip in the Gulf waters off Alligator Point in Panama City Beach , Florida . No reporters or press cameras were present for the swim , but the image will nonetheless send a message that the White House has sought to convey with the first family 's trip : the Gulf Coast is open for business . Obama caused a bit of a tabloid stir when he took off his shirt to reveal a muscular physique during trips to Hawaii during the 2008 presidential campaign and subsequent presidential transition . But some are less concerned about Obama ending up on magazine covers , and more worried about the White House sending the right message . "  Absolutely , I want him to take his shirt off and get in the water and show it 's clean and safe , " said Stephen Leatherman , a professor at Florida International University in Miami who puts together an annual list of America 's best beaches . Leatherman rates the beach there as one of the top 10 in the country , and he said Obama has a unique opportunity to showcase the fact that the Gulf Coast is still open for business despite the worst oil spill in American history . "  It 's got lily-white sand , and frankly the oil did n't really make it there . It was pretty well spared , " said Leatherman , who noted that the water is 87 or 88 degrees because of the steamy Florida weather , making it conducive to at least a quick presidential plunge . "  There is no better symbol than the president of the United States showing us the way , " Leatherman said . White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was cagey Friday when reporters asked whether the president will take a swim during the first family 's 27-hour mini-vacation . "  Stay tuned , " said Gibbs , who grew slightly impatient and a bit bemused about getting so many queries about something as seemingly minor as a presidential swim . "  Look , he 's going to have some fun , " Gibbs said . "  Whether or not he gets in the water is up for clearly some debate . But , look , he will have an opportunity to enjoy ... the physical beauty of the Gulf and do some work at the same time . " Gibbs turned it around on reporters and wondered whether they would bare their midriffs this weekend . "  Are you bringing your suits ? " Gibbs said with a smile . But Leatherman suggested it 's no joking matter because the president 's decision to swim or not to swim will carry tremendous symbolic weight . "  I think it 's very important that he gets into the water because I think there 's this feeling that if you get in , you 're going to get contaminated or get all kinds of diseases , " he said . This is the president 's fifth trip to the Gulf region since the April 20 explosion that sparked the oil disaster . The trip is generating criticism over whether Obama is giving the region short shrift by spending only parts of Saturday and Sunday in Panama City . White House officials announced the trip earlier this summer after critics wondered why the president and first lady had urged Americans to vacation in the Gulf but originally chose Bar Harbor , Maine , and Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , as the only locations for their own sojourns . Now , the criticism has shifted to whether 27 hours in Panama City is too quick of a jaunt , and the Republican National Committee released a statement Friday that also said Obama has included Florida in only a couple of his trips to the region in recent months . "  It 's nice to see the president take the time out of his busy schedule of golf games and campaign fundraisers to clear his conscience and visit Florida for only the second time since the oil crisis began , " RNC spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg said . "  As he meets with business owners in the Panhandle , it seems like the perfect opportunity for him to explain how his reckless spending , tax increases , and government takeover of health care are supposed to help the Gulf 's devastated economy . Not even the Sunshine State can put a positive light on the president 's failed liberal policies that have sunk his approval ratings to an all-time low . " The president is accompanied by first lady Michelle Obama and their younger daughter Sasha .  The oldest , Malia , is still away at camp and will not be in Florida  . Also making the trip is Gulf Coast recovery chief , Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus , to try to show the administration is committed to a long-term turnaround . Gibbs largely deflected questions about whether the trip was too short , saying the president is focused on promoting the "  health of the region " with the vacation . "  Tourism in Florida and along the Gulf Coast is the economy , " Gibbs told reporters Friday . "  This is an opportunity to highlight the notion that this important region of the country is still doing well and open for business . " While Leatherman said he does think the trip seems too short , Obama should be applauded for carving out some time to help the region . "  I think it 's basically a photo-op , is n't it ? " said Leatherman . "  But I still think it 's a good thing for the president to come down and show the world that it 's clean and safe . That will go a long way to helping the Gulf Coast . " Leatherman added : "  The best thing that could happen is the president saying , ` I 'm going in ! ' And I do n't mean damn the torpedoes . I mean him saying , ` It 's clean and safe , and I 'm going in the water ! ' "	NEW : President Obama and daughter Sasha took a swim in the Gulf of Mexico on Saturday White House released a photo of the swim on its Flickr page Obama had said he would swim on Sunday with press corps present Event is meant as a gesture showing that the Gulf Coast is open for business
CNN  -- Nearly half of those injured by exploding gas-filled balloons during a political campaign rally in Armenia 's capital remained hospitalized on Saturday , according to state media . The incident occurred Friday in city of Yerevan , two days before parliamentary elections . The balloons erupted in flames , forcing at least 154 people to be hospitalized . By Saturday , medical personnel had still not discharged 76 of the victims , according to the official Armenpress . President Serzh Sargsyan reported that there were no fatalities as a result of the explosion , saying law enforcement has initiated an investigation , the agency said . "  All those who are guilty will be revealed and punished in accordance with the law , " Sargsyan said . "  I urge everyone to keep calm . Let us pray for the injured and wish everyone fast recovery . " The type of gas that filled the balloons is unclear . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report	Gas-filled balloons exploded in the Armenian capital during a political campaign rally 154 people were hospitalized after the incident By Saturday , medical personnel had still not discharged 76 of the victims
CNN  -- You 've got to give the groundhog credit . He 's getting every last drop out of his forecast of six more weeks of winter . Just as the jonquils and tulips are poking their leaves above ground , a monster of a storm is sweeping across the Midwest , up the Great Lakes and into the Northeast . Look at these snowfall predictions with the official start of spring just over a week away . Chicago-area commuters could be facing up to 8 inches of fresh new snow as they head to work Wednesday . Sorry Cleveland , it looks even worse for you . Close to a foot of snow is possible by the time the storm passes . Blizzard warnings are up for western New York . Up to 18 inches of snow is forecast for Rochester . Winds will gust up to 44 mph . Ready to cry uncle yet ? Burlington , Vermont , is in the cross hairs too . Folks there will see winds up to 32 mph . Snowfall could reach 20 inches before it 's all over . And so it goes , all the way into Maine . People in Bangor can look forward to up to 19 inches of snow before the system exits New England Thursday . Out West , the weather 's warming up , but even that comes with problems . The melt from a heavier-than-normal snowpack has turned into flooding along the Bighorn River in north-central Wyoming , forcing folks from their homes . "  We actually have about 60 residences that we 've evacuated , " Worland Police Chief Gabe Elliott told CNN affiliate KCWY . "  Probably around 80 people who reside in those residences . " Police are preparing for the worst , he said . "  The area 's just getting larger and larger and further northbound , " according to Elliott . "  So it 's definitely expanding as we speak . "	Chicago could see up to 8 inches of snow . Blizzards warnings are up for western New York . Parts of New England could see snowfall reach 20 inches Warming weather causes flooding out West
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton won his first Formula One grand prix in almost four months as world champion Sebastian Vettel spun out of the race in Abu Dhabi during the opening lap . McLaren 's British driver took full advantage of Vettel 's slip up -- the first time the 2010 and 2011 title holder has retired from a race since the Korean Grand Prix last year . Hamilton fended off the challenge of Fernando Alonso 's Ferrari while Jenson Button clung onto third in the face of fierce competition initially from Red Bull 's Mark Webber and then from Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa . Vettel , who secured the 2011 crown last month , had his lead at the top of the drivers ' championship cut to 119 points by Button , who sits on 255 . Hamilton stays fifth on 227 points but closed on Alonso in third  245  and Webber  233  . Latest F1 standings after Abu Dhabi GP It marked Hamilton 's third victory in what has been a difficult season for the 2008 world champion , who admitted before the race that personal problems had contributed to his below-par campaign . "  I feel fantastic , " Hamilton said in a post-race press conference . "  It was one of my best races . To hold off one of the best drivers in the world is very tough to do . "  I 'm just happy . This is great . It 's early days but this is definitely the start of something . We 've got another great race ahead of us in Brazil . I 've just got to keep my mind on the game . " Starting second on the grid , Hamilton watched Vettel beat him into the first corner but at the second a puncture to the German 's back right tire sent him spinning off the track . Vettel trundled round the circuit and made it back to the pit lane but Red Bull 's mechanics decreed the damage too severe for him to rejoin the battle . After the race he told reporters : "  I do n't know what happened . We lost pressure all of a sudden out of the exit of turn one . I do n't why . There is nothing that I did differently to any of the other laps . "  We need to find out why , maybe I cut the kerb at a funny angle . It is tough , but I used the opportunity to learn a bit on the pit wall . " In his absence Hamilton maintained a two-second gap over Alonso for most of the race , while Webber and Button 's battle saw them swap third and fourth place regularly . Alonso did hold the lead for four laps after Hamilton 's second pit stop but he could n't build up enough of a cushion to rejoin the race ahead of his former McLaren teammate . The Spaniard said : "  It was a fantastic race for me as well . We fight most of the race three-five seconds distance to Lewis . "  We were close but we had some traffic in the pit entry behind a HRT and in the last stint they had a little bit more pace so it would have been difficult to win the race even if we had got into the lead . "  I 'm happy with second . "	Lewis Hamilton wins only his third grand prix of the Formula One season in Abu Dhabi World champion Sebastian Vettel retires on first lap of the race after a puncture Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso is second with Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button third Vettel 's lead in the drivers ' championship reduced to 119 points from Button in second
I first came across Ziauddin Yousafzai when I interviewed him in 2007 . He was running his own school and had set up a peace council in Pakistan 's restive Swat Valley region . An eloquent English speaker , he was very keen to tell me his story on air . Our first conversation was in whispers ; the Taliban had started to make inroads in the Swat Valley and were marching around the streets he told me . He was whispering as if he thought the Taliban might hear at that moment . Accolades , applause and a grim milestone Our cameras could not go into Swat so we conducted our interview on the phone . We did not use his full name or photo to protect his identity -- although Ziauddin insisted we do so . I asked him what an average day was like and he told me , "  Young lady , young boys are being slaughtered here before our very eyes like goats . " I was shocked by the savage image this simple statement had generated in my mind , yet this man had no fear of speaking to us . Visionary I realized very quickly that this man was something different -- a visionary . Ziauddin and I shared several telephone conversations between 2007 and 2009 during the Taliban 's reign of terror in the Swat Valley and the subsequent military operation against them . Children -- particularly girls -- were being stopped from going to school by the hardline Taliban but he had kept his own school open . I asked Ziauddin about his own children and whether he took them to school too . "  Yes of course , my boys are not too bothered but it 's my daughter that is giving me the most trouble , " he said . "  She is insistent she continues going to school . " Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid "  Did you try and stop her ? " I asked . "  No , " he replied . "  It is her right to get an education , but in any case , I 'm not sure even if I tried if I could stop her ! " He giggled , in a very proud way . Even in this darkest of hours he could find happiness in his pride . Risking his life to talk to the media . Serene Years later , when Malala was shot and lay in intensive care guarded by soldiers at a military hospital , I called Ziauddin to ask how she and the family were doing . He recalled our conversations and thanked me for calling . He had a remarkable air of serenity and simply said : "  All we need is your prayers . Pray for my daughter and for us . " Malala speaks with similar courage , compassion and presence . Her message of peace and her calm philosophical approach to life reminds me of her father . Malala : "  I want to become a prime minister of Pakistan " It is clearly the courage of his conviction that led Ziauddin to talk to me about his hopes for peace and the battle with Islamist militants for the right to be educated many years ago . He spoke passionately and philosophically about his vision . Here was a man born , raised and working in a remote town in Pakistan , immersed in a culture where women wore burkas and rarely left their homes , never without a chaperone . Yet he had the foresight , drive and principles to campaign for education for all and certainly had a huge hand in raising Malala to be the visionary she is today . We have not heard from and do not know much about Malala 's mother . A traditional Pahstun woman , who wears traditional clothes and is a housewife . But it seems she wants and supports a very different lifestyle and future for her own daughter . Oppression In a male-dominated society where the cultural oppression of women is rife , husbands , fathers , brothers -- men like Ziauddin -- are real saviors . They help their wives , sisters , daughters become all they can be ; they encourage support and stand by them against all odds . The majority of women here in Pakistan that I meet know their rights , or know they are capable of much more and have huge ambitions . It 's the men in Pakistan who need to respect them and support them . The men who are with them and the men in authority . Why Malala 's bravery inspires us Yes , Pakistan needs more girls like Malala . I have met many who are , who defy the Taliban by going to school every day in the North West and tribal areas . I have met young children with little money for books and pens but who run up mountains in Kashmir and walk miles in the searing desert heat of Sindh to go to school . There any many Malalas in Pakistan . But what Pakistan really needs right now is more men like Ziauddin Yousafzai . Without men like Ziauddin , there will be no women like Malala .	Ziauddin Yousafzai , the father of Malala , has been a huge influence on his daughter He backed her right to education in Pakistan despite the Taliban threat Malala was shot by the Taliban after defying them with her insistence on going to school Pakistan is a male-dominated society where women often lack the opportunities men have
Julian Assange , the founder of WikiLeaks , knows something about secrets and what happens when they 're exposed . He has some advice for Edward Snowden , who recently leaked information about the extent of U.S. electronic surveillance programs . "  I would strongly advise him to go to Latin America , " Assange told CNN 's AC360 Monday night . "  Latin America has shown in the past 10 years that it is really pushing forward in human rights . There 's a long tradition of asylum . " Assange spoke from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London , where he has been holed up for almost a year . Ecuador 's government granted him asylum in August , but British authorities have said they will arrest him if he leaves the premises . Assange had kind words for Snowden , whom he described as heroic , and harsh words for the programs he helped to expose . Snowden , 29 , told the British newspaper the Guardian that he left behind his family and a six-figure job in Hawaii to reveal the extent of the NSA 's collection of telephone and Internet data , which he called "  an existential threat to democracy . " NSA leaker ignites global debate : Hero or traitor ? He worked for computer consultant Booz Allen Hamilton , a contractor for the U.S. electronic intelligence agency . Snowden took off for Hong Kong before the stories were published and had been holed up in a hotel there , the Guardian reported . He checked out of his hotel Monday but remains in the semiautonomous Chinese territory , said Ewen MacAskill , the Guardian 's Washington bureau chief . "  The oversight of this process is done in secret . The policy is secret , " Assange said . "  It 's not a case of looking at a particular suspect and deciding to apply surveillance to them as we once did in the past , but rather , just bulk , arbitrary , driftnet fishing across , not just Americans , but essentially the whole of the human race . " In some cases , where there is sufficient evidence , it is right to watch some people for some amount of time , Assange said . Chinese Internet users back Snowden But , he argued , there is no justification for keeping such programs a secret . "  No one accepted and gave  U.S. President Barack  Obama the mandate to engage in a worldwide surveillance program on nearly every person . " Assange fled to the Ecuadorian Embassy in June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . He has said he fears Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks if he were charged and convicted of a crime . He has repeatedly said the allegations in Sweden are politically motivated and tied to the work of his website , which facilitates the publication of secret documents . Assange has not been charged in the United States , though Assange and his supporters say a U.S. grand jury has been empanelled to consider charges against him . Prosecutors : Bradley Manning ` craved ' notoriety	WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange slams secret surveillance programs He describes them as "  bulk , arbitrary , driftnet fishing " He praises the man who leaked a story about them , Edward Snowden Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadoran Embassy in London for almost a year
Los Angeles Film Festival  June 18 -- 28  Since the Oscars are a closed shop to the general public , turning up in L.A. for the biggest night in the movie calendar -- unless you happen to be on the guest list -- is pretty much a non-starter . Do n't miss the Mr and Mrs Muscle Beach competition on Venice Beach If you 're a film buff much better instead to hit town for the annual film festival , where you can delight at over 100 features , as well as star-studded premieres , seminars with industry bigwigs and outdoor screenings . Mr and Mrs Muscle Beach Competition  July 4  It may not seem the obvious way to celebrate America 's emancipation from British colonial rule , but the annual Independence Day competition on Venice Beach is definitely a spectacle , and a unique slice of Americana to boot . Now in its 75th year , the event features bikini-clad women contestants as well as a plethora of Arnie Schwarzenegger wannabes all hoping to be crowned the golden couple of muscle . The Long Beach Jazz Festival  August 7 -- 9  What nicer way to enjoy a warm summer evening in the city than with the crash of the Pacific sounding on one side and melodious jazz on the other . The only jazz festival in Southern California , the Long Beach event is beautifully located on a grassy knoll overlooking a long sweep of lagoon . The festival begins at 5pm on the Friday and runs all weekend and features some of the top jazz artists of the year . New Year 's Eve Partying If it 's a New Year burnout you 're after , they do n't come any bigger than Giant Maximus , which claims to be the biggest end of year party in the world aimed at over-21s  the age limit for drinking alcohol in the U.S. , obviously  . Spread over a seven-acre site in the downtown , the event includes top DJs , acrobats , a psychedelic circus and a giant ferris wheel . In all 10,000 revelers gather under three air-conditioned big tops to usher in the next year surrounded by skyscrapers .	The L.A. film festival offers a chance to enjoy cinema in its spiritual home Check out the ridiculously buffs bodies at the Muscle Beach competition Join thousands of party people for New Year 's Eve at Giant Maximus
From his sanctuary in the Ecuadorian embassy in London , with roughly a dozen police officers outside , WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Saturday that everyone in the world will be just as effectively monitored soon -- at least digitally . "  The ability to surveil everyone on the planet is almost there and , arguably , will be there in the next couple of years , " said Assange , speaking via Skype to a large audience at the South by Southwest Interactive festival here . Assange rocketed to international fame , and infamy , in 2010 after Wikileaks began helping publish secret government documents online . Ecuador granted Assange asylum in June 2012 and he fled to the embassy to avoid extradition to Sweden , where he is wanted for questioning over allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . He calls those charges false and politically motivated , but has said he fears Sweden will transfer him to the United States , where he could face the death penalty for the work of WikiLeaks if he were charged and convicted of a crime . On Saturday , he called life in the embassy "  like a prison , " adding that actual inmates "  arguably " have it worse . Saturday 's talk was billed as a question-and-answer session , but because of technological glitches it ended up being mostly an hourlong speech by Assange , punctuated occasionally with questions from Twitter . The one-sided conversation seemed to turn off some members of the 2,000 people in the audience , many of whom streamed out before Assange was finished speaking . With little to guide him other than his own thoughts  moderator Benjamin Palmer 's audio connection appeared to go down after about 15 minutes  , Assange was largely left to expound upon his views that world powers like the United States and England have overstepped their bounds in terms of online surveillance . He said the U.S. National Security Agency has become a "  rogue agency " with too much power , even suggesting that President Barack Obama would be toppled politically if he attempted to disband the agency . "  They would come up with all of this dirt  on Obama  , " he said . "  Congress may impeach him ... a criminal act would come to light . " Assange described activist groups like WikiLeaks as freedom fighters in an age when governments have occupied what should be their citizens ' private online space . "  Now that the Internet has merged with human society , the laws of human society should apply to the Internet , " he said . He said that because governments keep so much information secret , citizens do n't have a complete picture of what is happening "  We 're all actually living in a world that we do n't understand , " he said . Assange called it a "  fictitious representation of the world , " an illusion in which "  the true nature of government power structures is obscured . "  We 're walking around constantly in this fog . " He also had harsh word for private Internet titans such as Facebook and Google , who have come under scrutiny in recent years for collecting data about their users . "  What is going on is an unprecedented theft of wealth from the majority of the population by those who already have a lot of power , " said Assange when asked a question about Facebook and privacy . "  They 're doing that in part by stealing information from all of us . Knowledge is power , and so they 're accumulating a lot of power . " He had similar complaints about Google , noting that there are now 1 billion Android devices in the world . "  That 's a big problem , that a single group is able to capture that much information  about people  . You are all the product . " Assange 's talk was one of several high-profile events at this tech-themed conference dedicated to online privacy and transparency . On Monday , NSA leaker Edward Snowden is scheduled to address an SXSW crowd via a live feed from his exile in Russia .	Exiled WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange spoke Saturday via Skype to an audience at SXSW Assange : "  The ability to surveil everyone on the planet is almost there " He called his life in the Ecuadorian embassy in London "  like a prison "
AOL Autos  -- At the 2009 Detroit Auto Show , Chrysler , Mercedes-Benz , Toyota and MINI showed the world what electric vehicles of the future will look like . And the future of driving looks fun . The Dodge Circuit EV can blast from 0-to-60 mph in around 4 seconds . Those in the know realize that sometime in the future , the vast majority of light cars and trucks in the US will feature electric final drive systems . The motors used in these systems will be powered by batteries , fuel cells , on-board generators , and perhaps even the sun . But this open issue does n't change the inevitability of this reality . Given our current economic times , reality demands practical , tangible , and achievable ideas of what electric vehicles  or "  EVs " for short  might actually look like . This is it ... Chrysler Three of the four electric vehicles Chrysler showed in Detroit , Michigan , were shown at other events and even to Washington bureaucrats . Each of these vehicles is a running prototype , not some pie-in-the-sky-we 'll - never-build that idea . ENVI is the special group of engineers at Chrysler that develops the company 's EVs . To date , the ENVI group has developed four electrically powered models , each quite different from the other : a Dodge Circuit EV sports car  rear-wheel drive  , a Chrysler Town & Country minivan  front-wheel-drive  , a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited  all-wheel-drive  , and now a Jeep Patriot  front-wheel-drive  . Chrysler promises to offer at least one of these models in 2010 , and three more by 2013 . AOL Autos : Dodge Circuit EV photos Chrysler approaches electric vehicles with simple plug-and-play engineering . Every one of their vehicles uses similar electric drive motors  only varying in power output  , advanced lithium-ion batteries , and a power management controller . Each plugs in to 110 - or 220-volt household outlets for recharging . The Chrysler and both Jeeps use an on-board range-extending battery charger  a generator  . This generator automatically turns on after the vehicle 's initial batter charge has been spent  usually within a range of 40 miles  , supplying extra voltage that give these three vehicles an estimated range of approximately 400 miles . The generator is powered by a small gasoline-powered engine that runs with exceptional efficiency . This technology is similar in concept to what General Motors has shown in their Chevrolet Volt , a vehicle that should be ready for production in 2010 . AOL Autos : Cadillac Converj photos The Dodge Circuit carries a larger battery pack and no generator , so its range on the charge it carries is approximately 150-200 miles . Its large battery pack combined with compact dimensions and the exceptional torque provided by its electric motor blast the car from zero-to-sixty mph in around four seconds , exceptionally fast for any sports car regardless of engine type . Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz used the 2009 Detroit Auto Show to showcase their Concept BlueZERO vehicles . The Mercedes approach was to develop one efficient body style , and then equip it with three different electric drive packages . AOL Autos : Mercedes Stirling Moss photos Much of the hardware for the all-electric front-wheel-drive propulsion units is built into what Mercedes calls "  sandwich-floor " architecture that the company uses on several production cars . The design helps keep heavy components mounted low on the chassis for better handling , enhanced safety , and maximized interior room . All three Concept BlueZERO vehicles include electric drive and batteries . The E-Cell uses a large battery pack that is said to deliver a range of 120 miles . The F-Cell utilizes a smaller battery pack , but supplements the vehicle 's range with a hydrogen fuel cell . The fuel cell produces electricity to recharge the battery pack that extends cruising range to 240 miles . The E-Cell Plus , with a range of approximately 360 miles , is the distance champion . The key is the on-board generator powered by tiny 1-liter turbo-charged three-cylinder gasoline engine . The engine and generator are located in the rear of the BlueZERO . For the record , when you see photos of these cars together , the E-Cell is lime green , the F-Cell is mint green , and the E-Cell Plus is orange . Toyota Adding to its line of popular hybrid vehicles in the U.S. , Toyota just confirmed plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles in the next few years . On their way toward that goal , Toyota showed their all-new , third-generation Prius plus the new Lexus HS250H . AOL Autos : 2010 Toyota Prius photos Important to this story , Toyota also committed to selling a battery powered electric car in 2012 for the U.S. market . Toyota debuted what their all-electric vehicle might be at the 2009 Detroit Auto Show , and it 's an urban commuter called the FT-EV . The little four-seater is based on Toyota 's popular iQ , a car that 's already a hit in Japan . The good news is that the iQ is a real car , so the FT-EV will not be a glorified golf cart or a neighborhood vehicle with severely limited capabilities . The claimed range for the FT-EV is 50 miles . As we went to press , details were still sketchy about the FT-EV 's running gear . As Toyota releases more details , we 'll bring them to you . Mini While standard MINI models like the Cooper are comparatively easy on gas compared to larger cars , under the ownership of parent company BMW , MINI is testing the limits of how green a MINI can be . AOL Autos : 2010 BMW Z4 photos Perhaps following the performance of the stunt cars used in The Italian Job  2003  , BMW decided to investigate a battery-powered MINI . They introduced the MINI E coupe last November at the Los Angeles Auto Show and the car was on display again in Detroit . The "  charged " MINI E can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pack . Charging is accomplished through standard 110 - or 220-volt outlets . The electrified MINI weighs 600 pounds more than a standard MINI Cooper and because of the bulk of the required battery pack , the interior seats only two . Performance from the 204-horsepower motor equals the gas-powered MINI , with a 0-60 mph run in 8.5 seconds . BMW will produce only 500 MINI Es for the United States  if it were easy to make electric MINIs , they 'd make more  . The limited-production run will be split between New York and L.A. on one-year closed-end leases . After the leases expire , BMW will ship the MINIs back to Germany for evaluation . This scenario mimics what General Motors did with their EV1 electric vehicle about a decade ago .	Latest technologies debut at the 2009 Detroit Auto Show Chrysler , Mercedes-Benz , Toyota and MINI show what electric cars of future will be Toyota confirms plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles The "  charged " MINI E can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pack
Madrid  CNN  -- Thousands of residents of the southeastern Spanish city of Lorca slept outside Wednesday night , hours after the city of about 80,000 was struck by an earthquake that killed eight people , state radio reported , citing authorities . "  It was a strange sensation , " said a press office worker who was in his office in the regional capital of Murcia , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  from Lorca . He estimated the duration of the quake from five to eight seconds . The 5.1-magnitude quake occurred at 6:47 p.m.  12:47 p.m. ET  and was centered about 50 kilometers  31 miles  southwest of Murcia , near the Mediterranean coast , the U.S. Geological Survey said . That is about 350 kilometers  218 miles  south-southeast of Madrid . It was preceded at 5:05 p.m.  11:05 a.m. ET  by a 4.5-magnitude temblor centered in the same area , the survey said . At least one of the deaths occurred in a building collapse in Lorca , state-run EFE said . Television pictures showed the belfry of an old church collapsing soon after the earthquake , as well as fallen bricks on top of damaged cars there . Buildings with broken windows and piles of rubble in the streets of Lorca could also be seen . The press office said a hospital in Lorca had been evacuated as a precaution . Many of those who were spending the night outside said they were afraid to return to their houses or had been advised not to do so , state radio said . The quake occurred during an election campaign for Spain 's 8,000 town mayors and most of its regional governments , with voting scheduled for May 22 . The two major parties called for a suspension of campaigning on Thursday out of respect for the victims . CNN 's Al Goodman and Juan Munoz contributed to this story .	Thousands of people are sleeping outside in southeastern city of Lorca The earthquake measured 5.1 magnitude , the USGS says It was centered near the Mediterranean coast
CNN  -- The drug is finally in Josh Hardy 's system , but his father says his ailing son is still looking at a very tough road . Josh 's parents got what they 'd been praying for this week : a chance to get medicine that could help their 7-year-old son survive . The Chimerix pharmaceutical company said Tuesday that Josh would receive medicine that doctors hope will help him . He got his first dose of the drug , brincidofovir , on Wednesday . The company had previously denied calls from the family to give him the drug , arguing that spending the time to help Josh and others like him would slow efforts to get the drug on the market . The boy 's story drew national attention as his parents and supporters pushed the company to change its mind , through online and media campaigns . "  Josh has a long road to recovery , " Todd Hardy , Josh 's father , told CNN in an e-mail Thursday . He said his son has stopped getting worse -- that he was deteriorating last week and now he 's not . Josh is expected to take the drug for at least 12 weeks . He still is n't taking any food or drink by mouth , and his 5-year-old brother , Jude , "  is purposely torturing him by drinking carton after carton of chocolate milk that 's available in the ICU break room , " Hardy said . Josh 's journey began when he was diagnosed with a rare form of kidney cancer at 9 months old . Over the years , cancer turned up in his thymus , lung and bone marrow , and each time Josh beat it . But a bone marrow transplant left Josh without much of an immune system , and in February doctors diagnosed him with an adenovirus that spread through his body . Now he 's in critical condition in a Memphis , Tennessee , intensive care unit as the virus ravages his body . Josh is in heart and kidney failure . A Facebook page dedicated to the online campaign to help Josh get the medicine posted a photograph of the boy , along with the message : "  Please pray that the drug is as effective in combating this virus as we hope . " CNN 's Dana Ford and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	7-year-old Josh Hardy receives a drug his family hopes will save his life Company officials had first denied his family 's request for the medicine They were pressured online and reversed course The boy is expected to take the drug , brincidofovir , for at least 12 weeks
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Copenhagen , Denmark , is 5,000 miles away from New Orleans , Louisiana . But representatives of the 192 nations gathering this week at the climate change conference need to keep the memory of a flooded New Orleans in mind . Two years ago this month , the Make It Right Foundation was launched to help the families of New Orleans ' Lower 9th Ward rebuild their lives and community . That was already two years after Katrina , and the once-vibrant neighborhood was still in ruins , failed by government and frustrated by a lack of progress . Working with the Lower 9th Ward community , with families who lost everything in Katrina , with cutting-edge architects and inventive builders , we learned some truths and made some discoveries we would like to share with the climate change negotiators in Copenhagen : We need urgent action . Climate change is real and happening now . The world already is reeling from the consequences -- rising sea levels , more violent storms , more frequent flooding and prolonged droughts . Hurricane Katrina , the killer heat wave in Europe , China 's floods and the enduring drought in Australia are not anomalies , they are harbingers . It is not enough to attack what causes global warming ; we also must prepare to live with it . We must reduce carbon emissions and adapt to the changing climate . Even if greenhouse gas emissions stopped increasing today , the climate would continue to change for generations because of the gases that are already in the atmosphere . People will go home , even if home is in harm 's way . The pull of family , friends and happy memories proved irresistible for many in the Lower 9th Ward . The common history and culture of any community will keep people living in flood plains , along earthquake faults , and on shorelines , if those places are home . More people are moving into harm 's way . The number of people who live at the water 's edge will continue to grow . The Lower 9th Ward is not unique -- more than 50 percent of America 's population lives within 50 miles of a coast , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The same percentage applies to the world 's population . In the United States , NOAA predicts the number will rise as high as 75 percent by 2050 or sooner . Governments were formed to protect their citizens -- and not just from armed marauders . Solutions exist to protect people and allow them to live safely in their homes . The consequences of climate change require every community to make changes that will increase safety and survivability . In post-Hurricane Katrina New Orleans , we are building affordable homes designed to use less energy , reduce carbon emissions and run on solar power , as well as weather the next storm . Our storm-resistant features include high foundations to keep homes well above base flood levels ; hurricane-resistant fabric to protect windows ; increased structural durability to withstand 130-mph or higher winds ; and access to the rooftop -- because so many of Katrina 's victims died trapped in their attics . This approach should be adopted by coastal-area builders around the globe . Government has a unique and powerful role to play . Individual actions add up , but they pale compared to the reach and resources of government . We saw firsthand after Katrina how deadly and devastating it can be for a government to fail its citizens . Today , we still see boarded-up houses , razed landscapes and blighted neighborhoods across New Orleans -- over four years after the Army Corps of Engineers-built levees failed . There are large-scale solutions that only governments can provide -- such as setting emissions standards and initiating adaptation measures . These options are available to the participants in Copenhagen . It is time for the world 's governments to step up . We are facing the most serious challenge to the health and well-being of the world since World War II . But instead of putting shoulders to the wheel , the leaders of the world are busy lowering expectations and tempering outcomes . Instead , we ask them to act with urgency to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and embrace solutions that will help our children survive and thrive in a changing climate . They have the power to put the planet on a smarter , safer path to a low-carbon future and to protect us and generations to come . We ask them to use it . To quote Richard B. Alley , a climate-change expert from Penn State University , "  This is real , this is real , this is real . So act now , the ball 's in your court . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Darden .	Tom Darden directs foundation that helps New Orleans residents rebuild their community He says Hurricane Katrina , flooded New Orleans offer lessons for Copenhagen meeting Darden : World is reeling from global warming ; effects will continue and we must adapt Solutions exist , but it 's time for the international community to step up , he says
CNN  -- China has stepped up its engagement with Africa in recent years , scouring the resource-rich continent in its bid to access natural resources and forge new trade routes . But the Asian powerhouse is also emerging as an attractive business destination for Africans . China 's booming economy has been luring an increasing number of Africans to its shores in recent years , most of them eager to export goods from the world 's second-largest economy back into their continent . "  I found out there are a lot of opportunities of doing business , " says Nigerian shop owner CJ Cajetan , who moved to Guangzhou two years ago as a student but decided to stay in China and try his luck as a clothes seller . Cajetan is one of the tens of thousands of Africans who 've gone to live and work in Guangzhou , a manufacturing city located on the Pearl River in southern China . This strong new trading community builds on a growing business engagement between the two sides . Already Africa 's largest trade partner , China 's economic cooperation with the continent has shot up in recent times . Two-way trade between the two surged to a record $ 114.8 billion in 2010 , according to Chinese authorities . Linking aid , trade and investment , Beijing 's business model in Africa involves building extensive infrastructure projects in the continent and granting loans in exchange for access to natural resources , trade opportunities and expansion into new markets . Read more : Why Asian giants scent opportunity in Africa But the burgeoning relationship between the two has also seen a number of African companies trying to get a foothold in the Chinese market , hoping to tap the country 's growth and expanding middle class . South African drinks giant SABMiller has been working for years with a local Chinese brewer and now produces China 's biggest selling beer . Such success can be achieved by more African companies as their nations gain a firmer footing , according to consultant Kobus van der Wath . "  China is very open for business for us , " says van der Wath , founder of Beijing Axis , a China-focused international advisory firm . "  China 's repositioning itself continuously for the new Africa that 's emerging . We 're very well received . We do n't come with baggage , " he adds . But despite the growing opportunities , many Africans in China still feel the overall relationship is far from a two-way street . In Guangzhou , some Africans complain of discrimination , restrictions on religious practices and visa issues . Residents like shipper Festus Mbisiogu -- who has been working in China for six years -- say they have trouble getting documents allowing their families to join them , making it harder for them to settle down . "  Our children are not allowed to reside in China and our joy is not fully complete , we are not living with our children , " says Mbisiogu , of Blue Diamond Logistics . "  To make the money is not the problem ... but what about your family ? " Read more : Doing business in China : Five tips for success Others say that navigating potential pitfalls , like protecting intellectual property , can also be a challenge in China . "  If people bring things into China to get them manufactured here , I think keeping that technology secret , as it were , will be very , very difficult , " says Graham Hughes , a South African factory manager based near Beijing . The Chinese government says it 's fighting to protect intellectual property rights . It also says it welcomes foreigners to work and live in China and says its visa policies have been applauded . Beijing has also been sponsoring programs at Chinese universities to encourage young Africans to come to the country to study . See also : Is the West losing out to China in Africa ? One such student is Susanne Nambatya , from Uganda . "  I believe the social problems affecting China , they are the same problems affecting Uganda , " says Nambatya . She takes part in a Masters program in Beijing , where she learns economic models that she hopes can spur her country to a sweeping transformation of its own "  I keep asking my question , what is China doing that Uganda ca n't do ? " she adds . Fellow African student Martin Larbi says his China experience has also been enlightening . "  Coming to China I have seen the other side of industrialization , " he says . "  I believe industrialization promotes the development of the economy , but the other side I 've seen is the pollution of the environment -- it 's hard for me to see the blue skies I used to see in my country . " But back in Guangzhou , Cajetan has adapted to his new environment . Like the students in Beijing , he wants to help modernize his home country one day by drawing on his experience in China . "  My plan is to establish a factory because I like to live in Lagos , " he says . "  I like to help people . I want to employ people to work at my factory . "	Growing numbers of Africans are seeking economic opportunities in China Many are keen to export goods from world 's second-largest economy back into Africa Beijing is sponsoring programs at its universities to encourage Africans to study in China Despite opportunities there are still many challenges for Africans doing business in China
CNN  -- It was the 2013 Politifact "  Lie of the Year , " our president 's now infamous line : "  If you like your health care plan , you can keep it . " Now all Americans are realizing what Catholics have known from the beginning : President Barack Obama is a master of deception . Lest people forget , passage of the Affordable Care Act happened in part because Obama struck a deal with a single Catholic holdout : Bart Stupak , D-Michigan . Stupak agreed to vote for the bill in exchange for an executive order protecting conscience rights and preserving the Hyde Amendment 's ban on the use of federal funds for abortion . Stupak had insisted on an amendment . Instead , he took the President 's word . The President turned around and stuck in the knife : He used the ACA to mandate that all employers , regardless of religious objection , pay for and provide what many of us in the anti-abortion movement consider abortion drugs in their health care plans . Now , those mandates go into effect for most religiously affiliated charities in just a few days , on January 1 . Supreme Court to take up Obamacare contraception case This came after the President assured Catholics in his commencement address at Notre Dame that he would "  honor the conscience of those that disagree with abortion and draft a sensible conscience clause " and after assuring Congress that "  under our plan , no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions , and federal conscience protections will remain in place . " In speaking to America 's pre-eminent Catholic university , it was as if the President was speaking to American Catholics everywhere . Yet it 's now clear that the promised separate accounts for abortion coverage funded by separate abortion premiums billed directly to the insured were not what they appeared to be , and the President is facing one of the largest religious liberty lawsuits in American history . The lawsuit now boasts more than 200 plaintiffs , one recent addition of note being the Little Sisters of the Poor , an order of nuns that cares for the impoverished and dying elderly . Cases from the for-profit sector have already reached the Supreme Court , and in just a few days , the mandate goes into effect for religious charities . In the words of Stupak , "  I am perplexed and disappointed that , having negotiated the executive order with the President , not only does that HHS mandate violate the executive order , but it also violates statutory law . I think it is illegal . " Splice and dice it how you like . Some say Obamacare mandates and subsidizes abortion coverage with taxpayer dollars . Under the provisions of the Affordable Care Act , abortion drugs such as RU-486 , or Mifeprex , are not covered or mandated . However , drugs known as "  morning after " or "  week after " pills that delay ovulation â $ " such as Plan B and "  ella " â $ " are covered under Obamacare . Some of these forms of contraception -- in particular "  ella " or ulipristal acetate -- carry FDA labels that include a warning that they can destroy embryos by rendering the endometrium inhospitable . It is these drugs that are in debate in the Hobby Lobby case and others before the Supreme Court , as objectors consider the destruction of an embryo to be an abortion . Some American Catholics feel that the President deceived the most high-ranking Catholic in America , Cardinal Timothy Dolan , then the president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops . In a now infamous meeting at the White House , the President promised Dolan that he would respect the conscience rights of Catholics and their institutions and would not force them to cover things such as abortifacients -- a drug or substance that can induce an abortion -- and that the administration would change its policy with regard to religious institutions . Dolan has made it clear that he felt misled . What many American Catholics do n't know is that the President told the same untruth to the previous Pope himself . According to a Vatican insider , the President assured Pope Benedict XVI in 2009 that constitutional religious liberty protections for American Catholics would remain strong in his first breath when visiting the Vatican . Since then , Dolan has become the face of Catholic opposition to the mandate . Under his bold shepherding , the entire conference of Catholic bishops has held firm in defending the conscience rights of religious employers . He has led the Catholic Church in America through one of the most appalling and puzzling periods of deception and legal harassment since the First Amendment became the law of the land . As Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville steps into his shoes , he has the daunting task of trying to negotiate religious liberty with a leader who excels in equivocation right as the mandate finally takes effect for scores of Catholic and other religious charities facing enormous fines for refusing to comply . So this New Year 's Day , as Americans put away the glitter and the tinsel , perhaps people will finally realize what some Catholics have been saying all along : Our President threw quite a party , but it 's over . And now the truth sets in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ashley McGuire .	Ashley McGuire : Catholics knew Obama was deceptive ; now rest of America knows She says Obama went back on his word regarding conscience rights and types of birth control Her bottom line : Obamacare subsidizes abortion pill coverage with taxpayer dollars
CNN  -- 1 . The NAFTA debate between Al Gore and Ross Perot -- It 's an obvious choice for me . It changed history . Bill Clinton called the next day to say that NAFTA never would have passed without that show . So all things considered , I chose this for its impact and importance -- it had the largest viewership in cable history at the time . So that 's why it 's my number one . 2 . Frank Sinatra -- He is , in my opinion , the foremost entertainer of the 20th century . And one of the hardest gets to get . And it was his last interview as well as a great conversation . 3 . Marlon Brando -- He , like Frank Sinatra , was impossible to get . I think Marlon Brando was the foremost actor of his time . And as with Sinatra , it was just an incredible interview . Plus , I got a kiss out of it ! 4 . Mideast Peace -- Such an important show . Having three leaders -- of Jordan , Israel and Palestine -- on at the same time had worldwide relevance . PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat , King Hussein of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . It was worldwide diplomacy happening right there . How can you top that ? 5 . Ground Zero -- It was the worst thing to ever happen to the United States in modern history . Just getting to go there two weeks later , to walk among the rubble , to interview firemen and policemen , the first responders , to go to the burn center at the hospital , to see what happened up close -- it was living history . It is something I 'll never forget .	` Larry King Live ' is turning 25 Celebrate by picking your favorite show moments HERE Among Larry 's favorite moments was the NAFTA debate , interviews with Sinatra and Brando
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sometimes , a T-shirt just does n't cut it . Allie Tompkins , 19 , gets her first tattoo at Fatty 's Tattooz on Monday . For those who want a more permanent way to showcase their support for Barack Obama , Washington 's tattoo parlors are ready to help . "  There 's nothing more memorable than a tattoo , " said Matt Jessup , better known as "  Fatty , " the owner of Fatty 's Custom Tattooz and Body Piercing . His shop is celebrating what it has dubbed the "  Obamathan , " where customers can get a free "  Obama ' 08 " logo tattoo if they buy another tattoo worth $ 200 . The Obama tattoo , Fatty says , is worth $ 70 . "  A lot of people are feeling very inspired and taken by this moment in our nation 's history . And for many people , they are in town for this historic event , they want something to remember it by , " he said . At Fatty 's and other tattoo shops in the area , there have been multiple inquiries about getting inked with an Obama image , they say , but only a few people have actually gone through with . The most popular choices so far have been the Obama logo , the word "  hope , " and the now iconic red-and-blue Obama hope poster by Shepard Fairey . T.J. Mohler , who works at Jinx Proof Tattoos , said business has been up as people flood the city , but only "  about two or three " customers have gotten an Obama tattoo . One of those people is Mohler himself , who opted for a 5 x 7-inch Obama image on his leg . "  When I look back in 50 years , it will remind me of the time and how excited everyone is , " Mohler said . None of the shop owners reported any history of George W. Bush tattoos . "  No such thing , " said Jason Anthony , owner of Midtown Tattoo . Fatty says he 's hoping the number of people getting Obama art will grow as more visitors arrive and word about the Obamathon gets out . "  We 're still rolling with it through the week , so I 'm hoping that we 'll get more interest , " he said . On Wednesday , Fatty has plans to tattoo a portrait of Obama 's face on one customer . That piece of art is worth $ 600 , but the customer is getting it for free because she was the winner of one of the shop 's promotions . But for those wary of permanent ink , there are some alternatives available . Glam Rock Art is a Washington business specializing in airbrush tattoos and body art . Owner and artist Nicole Graves has ordered custom Obama stencils in response to requests from customers . Fatty 's also offers a removable option -- the Obama piercing . It 's an orbital ring with a blue bead that costs $ 44 , in honor of the 44th president . And if a customer has a change of heart post-tattoo , Fatty says all is not lost . "  Come on back and I 'll cover it up with something else , " he said .	Tattoo parlors offering permanent memories of Barack Obama 's inauguration Most popular tattoos : Obama logo , "  hope , " iconic red-and-blue Obama poster Owner : "  A lot of people are feeling very inspired and taken by this moment " Temporary options include Obama piercings , airbrush tattoos
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia has temporarily grounded all Adam Air flights starting Wednesday because it says the discount airliner "  failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft . " Officers examine an Adam Air plane which halted suddenly in the middle of the runway in Surabaya in February 2007 . "  The operational specification of Adam Air will be revoked . In effect , Adam Air will not be allowed to operate any airplanes effective 12 a.m. Wednesday , 18 March 2008 , " according to a statement from Indonesia 's civil aviation chief , Budhi Muliawan Suyitno . A year ago , a Garuda Airlines plane overshot the runway in Jakarta , careened into a rice patty field and burst into flames , killing more than 20 people on board . On January 1 , 2007 , Adam Air Flight 574 crashed , killing all 102 people on board . A day after the crash , there were reports that 12 survivors had been found . But those 12 survivors , it turned out later , were from an Indonesian ferry that sank four days earlier . For more than a week after the Adam Air flight disappeared off the radar screens , Indonesian authorities scoured the mountainous terrain of western Sulawesi province and the Java Sea for any sign of the missing aircraft , but found nothing . The suspension will last for three months , according to Bambang Ervan , a spokesman for Indonesia 's Air Transport Directorate . Adam Air 's permit was revoked because it "  failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft , including pilot training and supervision in accordance with standard operational procedures , " Ervan said . The directorate sent a letter to Adam Air regarding its decision , but has not received a reply . Adam Air CEO Adam Suherman told CNN the airline is not surprised by the Air Transport Office 's announcement . He said the airline had to suspend its operations Tuesday morning because one of its main investors pulled out , causing the airliner financial problems . Indonesia 's aviation authorities recently issued a report outlining a road map to safety , acknowledging that their track record on safety is unacceptable . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration lowered its rating of Indonesia 's safety record and the European Union banned all Indonesian airliners . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta and Arwa Damon contributed to this report	Accident-plagued low-cost carrier Adam Air will no longer be allowed to fly Indonesian government will revoke airline 's license on Wednesday The airline "  failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft " It has had more than one major accident in last year , one killing 102 people on board
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Dozens of schoolgirls and teachers were sickened Wednesday by poison gas in Afghanistan , medical and government officials said . The latest incident , this one at a high school , is the ninth such case involving the poisoning of schoolgirls , said Asif Nang , spokesman for the nation 's education ministry . Dr. Kabir Amiri said 59 students and 14 teachers were brought to the hospital , and were faring better . "  We do n't have good equipment to verify the kind of gas that they were poisoned with , but we have taken their blood tests to send to Turkmenistan for verifying the type of gas " that was used , Amiri said . Many Afghan girls were not allowed to attend school during the Taliban 's rule from 1996 to 2001 . Girls ' schools began reopening after the Islamist regime was toppled . The United Nations children 's agency , UNICEF , estimates that 2 million Afghan girls attend school these days . But female educational facilities , students and teachers have come under vicious attack as the insurgency has strengthened and spread from Taliban strongholds in the southern provinces of Kandahar and Helmand . A report compiled last year by the humanitarian agency CARE documented 670 education-related attacks in 2008 , including murder and arson . Much of the violence in what CARE called an "  alarming trend " occurred at girls ' schools . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	Under Taliban rule , girls were banned from schools The latest poisoning incident is part of a trend , a ministry spokesman says The girls are recovering at a hospital , a doctor says
CNN  -- Director Chen Kaige 's films often examine the close ties of love , passion and friendship , but his own relationship with his artist and filmmaker father is one that has informed much of his life and colored his work . Chen Kaige captures the pains and passions of relationships on the silver screen . As a 14-year-old red guard during the Cultural Revolution , Chen denounced his father for creating subversive art . While his father forgave him , Chen has found it hard to truly forgive himself . "  I knew it was the wrong thing to do . If I did n't know , then I could 've forgiven myself , " he told CNN . Chen has already touched upon such a significant moment in his personal life in his award-winning 1993 film , "  Farewell My Concubine . " It brought him international-acclaim and a host of accolades , including Cannes Film Festival 's Palme D'or . Like "  Farewell My Concubine , " Chen 's latest film , "  Forever Enthralled "  "  Mei Lanfang " in Mandarin  , once again delves into the world of Beijing opera , and it has proven to be a hit in China since its release in cinemas in December . However , capturing the Cultural Revolution remains one of Chen 's ambitions -- not only to explore the circumstances that colored the relationship with his father but an exploration of a crucial time in Chinese history . "  It 's not because I was hurt and so many people hurt that I want to do my revenge . It 's not like this . This is the lesson that the Chinese people must learn , no matter what , " Chen told CNN . "  I hope that my generation of directors or writers could do something to tell people the truth , to tell people what really happened at that time ; why a young son of a film director , you know , could denounce his own father , like I did . I was still shocked , " he said . Now 56 years old , Chen studied at the Beijing Film Academy , directing his first feature film "  Yellow Earth " in 1984 . After the success of "  Farewell My Concubine , " he eventually took up the offer to direct a Hollywood film in 2002 -- "  Killing Me Softly , " with Heather Graham and Joseph Fiennes . While failing to impress the critics or register a hit at the box office , Chen remains sanguine about the experience . "  I think I 've learnt a lot from that . Although I fully understand why audiences did n't really enjoy that film that much . "  In the industrial system -LSB- of Hollywood -RSB- people do n't really care if you 're making a good film or not . People care about whether the film can make money . It 's a completely different thing , you know . Quite honestly , I was n't very comfortable to do films that way , " said Chen . Chen will continue to make films in China and finds the country 's recent transformation as significant as earlier periods of change during his lifetime . "  I ask myself whether it 's a progress or we 're just going back to where we not necessarily need to be . I do n't know . I mean , I 'm not trying to say anything politically . But I feel if you look at the very beginning of Charles Dickens ' novel , ' A Tale of Two Cities , ' ` It was the best times , it was the worst times ... ' this is the simple answer , " he said . Time will tell if today 's China will be part of Chen 's cinematic sweep in the future .	Chinese director Chen Kaige found international fame with ` Farewell My Concubine ' Made a brief foray into filmmaking in Hollywood before returning to China Personal experience during Cultural Revolution had large impact
The Arctic winter may be long and dark but one light still shines bright in the land of the midnight sun -- Iceland 's booming tourist trade . Foreign visitors increased by 15.9 % last year whilst travel now accounts for 5.9 % of GDP , according to the Icelandic tourist board . Given the financial catastrophe confronting the country as recently as 2008 -- when the IMF stepped in with a $ 2.1 billion loan after several major Icelandic banks collapsed -- this turbo-charged development is all the more remarkable . "  We 've had this extraordinary growth in tourism in the last few years , " Iceland 's president , Olafur Ragnar Grimsson , told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  Because -LSB- in -RSB- the tourism structure of Iceland we have many small and medium-sized companies in the north , the east and the west , the economic benefits spread through the economy and all over the country in a way that no other sector actually does . " Watch video : Richard Quest 's presidential tour of Iceland Iceland 's economy is predicted to grow by 2.7 % this year and unemployment will fall to 5.7 % , according to Statistics Iceland -- thanks in part to the expansion of tourism . For President Grimsson , this is just the start of a back-to-basics economic approach that will focus less on risky financial services and more on industries such as clean energy tech , fishing and , of course , travel . Official figures show that Iceland currently attracts 600,000 visitors a year , but by 2020 Grimsson says he hopes this figure will be nearer two million , almost seven times the country 's population . Key to meeting these ambitious targets is the successful promotion of Iceland 's pristine natural beauty -- its rural hinterland is famed for its spectacular volcanoes and natural hot springs -- as well as its potential as a business and aviation hub . According to Oli Bjorn Hauksson , CEO of Keflavik , the country 's only international airport , Iceland 's geographic location makes it the perfect pit stop for long-distance flights . "  We are in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean between Europe and the North America , which is the best place for a hub ... airport to be , " he says . That gives tourists traveling between the outer reaches of the two continents the option of breaking up their journey . See also : Discover Iceland 's fire and ice So far , the tactics aimed at enticing travelers to Iceland appear to be working . Iceland 's tourist trade was even able to safely negotiate the ash-cloud chaos caused by the erupting Eyjafjallajokull volcano in mid-2010 . Close to 100,000 flights were cancelled and millions of passengers were left stranded in what was the biggest disruption to air travel since World War II . "  We were worried , if the handsome growth we had been experiencing year-on-year would be halted , " says , Steingrimur J. Sigfusson , Iceland 's tourism minister . "  But fortunately that did not happen . " He added : "  For the good or worse , the eruption proved to both Europe and America that Iceland is not so far away . At least we were close enough to cause all this trouble for the aviation industry . " Despite an initial dip in visitor numbers , Iceland returned to double digit travel growth by late 2010 . Such resilience so soon after the financial crisis provides Sigfusson with a bullish outlook for the future . "  If things go on for a number of years , in addition with growth of 10 to 15 % , tourism will be Iceland 's industry number one , in terms of foreign currency earnings , " he says . See also : Eat like a viking in Iceland President Grimsson however cautions that such rapid development will require precise planning to ensure Iceland can cope . Some in Iceland already fear that the country is becoming overrun with tourists , but Grimsson is confident Iceland can cope . "  This is a country the size of England -- a big part of it is volcanic desert , glaciers , rivers , lakes -- so if we decide to do it we can control the traffic in such a way that we allow people to enjoy the beauty of the country without being overcrowded , " he says . He adds : "  When this decade comes to an end we might have two million tourists coming to Iceland every year , and we have to plan for that . "  That is a debate I have encouraged the nation to engage in over the next few years . "	Iceland has experienced rapid growth in its tourism sector since its economy collapsed in 2008 The country is home to spectacular landscapes , volcanoes and hot springs President Olafur Ragnar Grimsson hopes Iceland will be attracting 2 million visitors a year by 2020
CNN  -- A US Airways flight en route from Italy to the United States was diverted to Ireland after nine flight attendants became ill , officials said Saturday . Responding to the medical complaints , the pilots switched gears over the Atlantic Ocean , making an emergency landing Saturday afternoon at Dublin Airport . The nine flight attendants aboard US Airways Flight 715 complained of "  nausea , running eyes and dizziness , while traveling from Venice to Philadelphia , " Irish health officials said . The flight attendants were evaluated , released and then returned to Philadelphia , according to US Airways spokeswoman Michelle Mohr . A total of 185 passengers were on the flight . There were no reports of illness from pilots or passengers , and they were put on other flights to Philadelphia , Mohr said . According to flightaware.com , the plane is an Airbus A330-200 . Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report from Ireland .	US Airways flight makes forced landing at Dublin Airport Crew members experienced illness while en route from Italy to the United States They were evaluated for "  nausea , running eyes and dizziness " and released
CNN  -- If you prefer your prose pulpy , hard-boiled as a country egg and darker than a midnight shade of noire , then you may be ready for some "  Fun & Games . " The new page-turner from modern pulp master Duane Swierczynski  pronounced sweer-ZIN-ski  hits bookstores Tuesday . Swierczynski is the author of several acclaimed crime thrillers , a regular contributor to Marvel Comics and has collaborated with Anthony E. Zuiker , the Hollywood mastermind behind TV 's "  CSI " on the series of best-selling , Level 26 "  digi-novels . " His book reads like a Quentin Tarantino movie on speed , full of high-octane action , flying by at a breakneck pace , not for the faint of heart , but also with plenty of humor . "  Fun & Games " is the first book in a trilogy , about an unkillable ex-cop with a checkered past and a B-movie actress with a deadly secret . This pair of misfits is thrown together then hunted by a small army of mysterious hit men dubbed "  the accident people . " While Swierczynski hails from Philadelphia , this book is set in Hollywood and takes advantage of a sunny locale loaded with shady people . The story starts with a white-knuckle car chase through the Hollywood Hills , grabs readers by the scruff of the neck and refuses to let go for the next 304 pages . CNN talked to the author last week . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What led you to start a trilogy ? Swierczynski : "  Fun & Games " is about an alcoholic house sitter who , one sunny California morning , finds himself squared off against the most lethal killers in the world . It 's kind of a blend of "  Home Alone " and "  Die Hard . " The only reason that it 's a trilogy is because I could n't quite kill off the house sitter , Charlie Hardie , in one book .  He dies in the opening pages of the sequel , "  Hell & Gone . "  OK , I 'm kidding about that .  Or am I ? Hmmm ... When I originally pitched my editor , John Schoenfelder , I had a one-shot thriller in mind , but he asked if there was a way to build it into a bigger story . That 's the sick genius of Schoenfelder ; whatever you 're thinking , he 's thinking BIGGER . It 's inspiring , in a demented sort of way . CNN : Who are "  the accident people " ? Swierczynski : I love books and movies about hit men . It just strikes me as the ideal job -- you set your own hours , you bring your own gear , you accept only the work you want . When I thought about the perfect hit team , it occurred to me that maybe they would have had experience in a different , yet related , field . I do n't want to spoil anything , so I 'll stop there ... but there 's a specific reason these guys operate out of L.A. CNN : Your novels have been described as high octane , brutal and smart but also with a sense of humor , sound accurate ? Swierczynski : Whoever said that is very kind , and I owe them money . But that 's certainly the target I 'm aiming for . If someone closes one of my novels before finishing , I consider it a failure . So I 'm doing everything in my power to keep those pages turning -- even if I have to resort to fireworks and tap-dancing . CNN : What led to your website , "  Secret Dead Blog ? " Swierczynski : My love of noir and pulp grew right out of my teenage love of horror fiction  which I still love  . The best genre thrillers show people pushed to their extremes , and it 's fascinating to watch how characters deal with those extremes . Secret Dead Blog started as a way to share cool stuff with friends , then turned into a place where I can hang with readers and show them cool stuff . I do n't update it as often as I like ; Twitter often robs me of my urge to blog . CNN : You 've also recently been involved in digi-novels and an e-story tie in to the "  L.A. Noire " video game . Will we see more of that ? Swierczynski : Absolutely . I 'll always be a sucker for new , shiny toys . I do n't want to write the same book endlessly and then die ; I 'd rather be known as the guy who tried as many different formats and subgenres as possible . Even if some of those efforts are disasters . CNN : Philadelphia features prominently in much of your writing , but "  Fun & Games " switches coasts . Swierczynski : Well , for better or worse , Philly is where my imagination goes to play . The more I travel , though , the more my imagination likes to hang out in other cities . This is how the L.A.-set "  Fun & Games " came about ; the story just refused to take place anywhere else . CNN : What 's on your summer reading list ? Swierczynski : Such a great question , because I leave for a cross-country book tour/road trip in a few weeks , and I 've been obsessing about which books to pack . Some of the definites : -- "  The Big Book of Adventure Stories , " edited by Otto Penzler -- "  Claire DeWitt and the City of the Dead , " by Sara Gran -- "  The End of Everything , " by Megan Abbott -- "  The Pack , " by Jason Starr -- "  You 're Next , " by Gregg Hurwitz -- "  The Damned Highway , " by Brian Keene and Nick Mamatas And a pile of comics and magazines and road atlases and travel guides . Of course , the joy of being on the road is the opportunity to pick up more books from many fine idea shops across the country . I may have to ship my children home separately to make room for more books . CNN : What 's next ? Swierczynski : My first issue of "  Birds of Prey , " for DC Comics , will appear this September -- which is part of the companywide relaunch of every single title  all with new No. 1 issues  . If you 're not familiar with the Birds , they 're an all-female covert ops team who operates out of Batman 's Gotham City .  I 'm giddy just typing that . October brings "  Hell & Gone , " the sequel to "  Fun & Games . " And then in late December : "  Dark Revelations , " my third Level 26 thriller with Anthony E. Zuiker . It 's been kind of a crazy year , now that I think about it ...	Author Duane Swierczynski talks to CNN about his new thriller , "  Fun & Games " "  Fun & Games " is the first in a trilogy It 's about an alcoholic house sitter who faces lethal killers Swierczynski has written for TV 's "  CSI " and runs a Website called Secret Dead Blog
CNN  -- From songs to poems to sayings on the side of coffee cups , everyone tries to define love in words . Liz Kelly donated her kidney to her fiance after he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure . But often , it 's the extraordinary actions we take in the name of love that really define it . Liz Kelly 's fiance , Matt House , needed a kidney after he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure . In order to get him to the top of the donor list , Kelly signed up to donate hers . At first , she never dreamed she would actually be a match , but it turned out she was . The Springfield , Massachusetts , couple  he 's 31 , she 's 29  spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about whether Kelly thought fate played a hand in finding him a donor match . The following is an edited transcript of the interview : Nicole Lapin : Liz , I did n't know about the donor process , until we started talking to you guys . The donor process works whereby a friend or a family member can donate a kidney to get Matt higher on the list , so you decided that you were going to do that . Why did you decide to do that ? Watch Nicole Lapin 's interview with Liz Kelly and Matt House " Liz Kelly : It was pretty much a no-brainer , I think . His sister was actually going to donate at first . But she did n't work out for health reasons . It 's obviously better to have , you know , a family member donate a kidney , too . But since that was n't going to work out , his stepfather stepped in because they were the same blood type . And that ended up not working out either . He had some heart issues and some other health issues . So , I said , you know what , I 'll just donate to the list . And that 's what I was intending on doing . And then I found out that we were actually a match , and it was amazing . Lapin : It was amazing , I 'm sure , to get that phone call , because you did it just so that you could get higher on the list . A lot of people on our Web site are fascinated by your story , guys . -LSB- A viewer -RSB- has a question for you right now , Liz : Have you ever had any surgeries before this one ? If not , how did your prepare yourself for this ? Kelly : No . This was my first surgery , so that definitely made me very nervous . That was the definitely scariest part for me , just not knowing what to expect . But , Matt has been through several surgeries before . So I know I had him in my corner . And I looked up a lot online . I found out a lot of great information online . So that 's definitely how I prepared . Lapin : And -LSB- another viewer -RSB- has a question in for Matt , actually : Were you scared that perhaps your body might reject Liz 's kidney or were you always confident that the surgery would be a success ? Matt House : I think I was pretty confident with her being the same blood type or us matching is pretty phenomenal , so I did n't expect it to reject it anyway . Maybe after the surgery if I would have a little pain down there or something like that , I would get a little nervous and think that it was going to reject , that there 's something wrong . But that would just pass . It was me just being a little overanxious , I guess , but not really , no . I was pretty confident everything would go well overall . We 're both pretty healthy for the most part . And being the same blood type was just you know really great , so it worked out good . So , I was n't really worried at all . Lapin : Fate , some may say ? House : Yeah , yeah , definitely . Lapin : Yours is a lot bigger . You 're a little girl , but you happen to have a kidney that is perfect for Matt . Do you think it was meant to be ? Kelly : I do . I definitely do . People tell me that all the time . When they told us that we were a match , I was very surprised at first , but then I thought about it a little more . Of course we were a match . How could we not be a match ?	Liz Kelly offered to donate kidney to move her ill fiance higher on donor list Matt House had been diagnosed with congestive heart failure House 's family members were unable to donate because of health reasons After recuperation is over , the Massachusetts couple plans to marry by summer
