CNN  -- From teary-eyed teenager to the proud owner of a green jacket , Adam Scott 's transformation from best of the rest to major winner has involved a fair amount of heartache . The newly-crowned Masters champion watched on television as his hero and fellow Australian Greg Norman threw away a six-shot lead at Augusta in 1996 , while Scott himself blew a four-shot advantage over the final four holes of last year 's British Open . But there was no collapse , no choking on Sunday . The new world No. 3 showed nerves of steel to defeat overnight co-leader Angel Cabrera in a tense two-hole playoff to win the first major of 2013 . "  The whole nation stopped that day and felt for Greg , " Scott told CNN when asked about Norman 's implosion on April 14 , 1996 . The tale of Twitter : Masters social media reaction "  It was so hard to see your hero not come up with the goods that day like he normally always did . I learned lessons out of that day . "  It 's an amazing journey , the whole golfing career . I 've played a lot of majors and to finally get one means a lot . I 've knocked on the door a couple of times recently , to get over the hurdle is hopefully the start of something to come . " Scott has flirted with major success on a number of occasions . He finished third at the 2006 PGA Championship before tying for second at the Masters two years ago , with his final-round collapse at Royal Lytham and St. Annes in 2012 was the closest he had got to winning one of the sport 's four blue riband events , letting the Claret Jug slip from his grasp and into Ernie Els ' hands . Now , Scott is Australia 's first Masters champion , succeeding where two-time major winner Norman and the great Peter Thompson failed . "  Golf is a game that can humble you very quickly , and it certainly did at the British Open , " continued the 32-year-old . "  But I 've won tournaments before and I 've lost tournaments before and it 's going to keep happening for the rest of my life . As much as I do n't want to lose tournaments , it 's inevitable . "  The British Open gave me more belief than anything . No doubt , it just gave me more belief that I am good enough to win a major championship . " Scott looked to have done enough for victory when he holed an impressive birdie on the 72nd hole of the weekend to move to nine-under par and into the outright lead . But Cabrera , who held a share of the lead heading into Sunday , responded with a sublime approach shot to the final green and a playoff was required . Scott eventually emerged victorious on the second playoff hole , the par-four 10th , fulfilling the dreams of the 15-year-old who watched Norman 's infamous capitulation . "  It 's quite a feeling to make a couple of putts to win a tournament , " he said . "  It 's what every kid dreams about . For it to finally happen is amazing . " The Adelaide native becomes the latest player to win a major using the controversial belly putter . Els ' victory over Scott was achieved using the club , while Webb Simpson and Keegan Bradley both belly putted their way to major championships . That putter , which involves golfers anchoring the club to any part of the body , has divided golf in recent months . The Royal & Ancient and the United States Golf Association , backed by the European Tour , has proposed banning anchored putting from 2016 onwards , a move opposed by the PGA and the PGA Tour . For now though , Scott has time to savor his win at Augusta , while golf 's regulators come up with a belly putter solution .	Adam Scott becomes first Australian winner of the Masters The new world No. 3 beat Argentina 's Angel Cabrera in a two-hole playoff Scott watched on as Greg Norman collapsed to lose a six-stroke lead in 1996 Scott threw away a four-shot lead over the final four holes of 2012 British Open
CNN  -- The United States will not accept North Korea as a "  nuclear state , " Secretary of State John Kerry warned on Tuesday , just hours after Pyongyang announced plans to restart a nuclear reactor it shut down five years ago . North Korea 's decision comes as tensions on the Korean peninsula escalate over Kim Jong Un 's threats to wage war against the United States and South Korea . "  The bottom line is simply that what Kim Jong Un is choosing to do is provocative . It is dangerous , reckless . The United States will not accept the DPRK  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  as a nuclear state , " Kerry said during a joint briefing in Washington with South Korea Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se . "  And I reiterate again the United States will do what is necessary to defend ourselves and defend our allies , Korea and Japan . We are fully prepared and capable of doing so , and I think the DPRK understands that . " North Korea 's declaration that it would reopen the reactor demonstrates Kim 's commitment to the country 's nuclear weapons program that the international community has tried to persuade it to abandon . The North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency , KCNA , reported that the reclusive state 's atomic energy department intends to "  readjust and restart all the nuclear facilities " at its main nuclear complex , in Yongbyon . Those facilities include a uranium enrichment facility and a reactor that was "  mothballed and disabled " under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks among North Korea , the United States and four other nations , KCNA said . The announcement was followed by a plea for calm from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who is South Korean . North Korean defectors return rhetorical fire "  The current crisis has already gone too far , " he said in a statement from Andorra . "  Nuclear threats are not a game . Aggressive rhetoric and military posturing only result in counteractions , and fuel fear and instability . "  Things must begin to calm down , as this situation , made worse by the lack of communication , could lead down a path that nobody should want to follow . " Ban said dialogue and negotiations are "  the only way to resolve the current crisis . " The tensions on the Korean Peninsula have led Pyongyang to sever a key military hot line with Seoul and declare void the 1953 armistice that stopped the Korean War . The United States has made a show of its military strength amid annual training exercises with South Korea , flying B-2 stealth bombers capable of carrying conventional or nuclear weapons , Cold War-era B-52s and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters over South Korea . On Tuesday , the United States positioned a second destroyer -- the USS Decatur -- near the Korean peninsula , a defense official said on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to release details to the media . A day earlier , the U.S Navy moved a warship and a sea-based radar platform closer to the North Korean coast in order to monitor that country 's military moves , including possible new missile launches , the Defense Department said Monday . North Korea on Wednesday also blocked more than 480 South Korean workers from entering the jointly run Kaesong Industrial Complex , which sits on the North Korea side of the border , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . "  North Korea said today that it is only approving people to go back to South Korea and not approving entrance " to the complex , said Kim Hyung-seok , a spokesman for the ministry . He urged the North to resume letting workers enter . There are 861 South Koreans inside Kaesong at the moment , the ministry said , and 446 have registered to leave . The symbol of an era of better relations between Seoul and Pyongyang , Kaesong is a joint economic cooperation zone between the two Koreas where scores of South Korean companies operate . It also is an important source of hard currency for the North . The move comes after threats in recent days by Pyongyang to shut down the industrial complex . Seoul , meanwhile , on Monday warned that any provocative moves from North Korea would trigger a strong response "  without any political considerations . " U.S. moves warship , sea-based radar to watch North Korea Murky motivation The motivation behind the North 's announcement Tuesday on the nuclear facilities was unclear , said Ramesh Thakur , director of the Center for Nuclear Nonproliferation and Disarmament at Australian National University in Canberra , suggesting that it was unlikely to make a big difference militarily for the country , which is already believed to have four to 10 nuclear weapons . The North Koreans may be hoping to use the move as a bargaining chip in any future talks , he said , or it could be an attempt by the country 's young leader to shore up support domestically . "  It 's just a very murky situation , " Thakur said . "  The danger is that we can misread one another and end up with a conflict that no one wants . " China , a key North Korean ally , expressed regret over Pyongyang 's announcement about the reactor . "  China has consistently advocated denuclearization on the peninsula and maintaining peace and stability in the region , " Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesman Hong Lei said Tuesday at a regular news briefing . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the move would need to be dealt with in a serious manner , noting that it breached the North 's previous commitments . On Tuesday , Kerry refused to speculate about North Korea 's intentions or what its strategy may be with regard to its plans to reopen its reactor . "  We 've heard an extraordinary amount of unacceptable rhetoric from the North Korean government in the last days . So let me be perfectly clear here today : The United States will defend and protect ourselves , and our treaty ally , the Republic of Korea , " he said . Kerry reiterated the U.S. policy with regard to North Korea , saying the United States believes there is "  a very simple way " for Pyongyang to end the sanctions by ending its nuclear ambitions . Kerry was scheduled to visit Seoul next week , while South Korea 's president was due in Washington for talks with President Barack Obama . South Korea warns North of ` strong response ' to any attack A torrent of threats The North 's latest declaration comes after a stream of verbal attacks against South Korea and the United States in recent weeks , including the threat of a nuclear strike . Pyongyang 's angry words appear to have been fueled by the recent joint military exercises by the United States and South Korea in the region , as well as tougher U.N. sanctions in response to North Korea 's latest nuclear test in February . Much of the bellicose rhetoric , analysts say , is n't matched by the country 's military capabilities . Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? The North 's announcement Tuesday follows a new strategic line "  on simultaneously pushing forward economic construction and the building of the nuclear armed force . " It was announced Sunday during a meeting of a key committee of the ruling Workers ' Party of Korea headed by Kim Jong Un . The work of adapting and restarting the nuclear facilities "  will be put into practice without delay , " KCNA said . The measures would help solve "  the acute shortage of electricity , " as well as improving the "  quality and quantity " of the country 's nuclear arsenal , it said . Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans Yongbyon 's back story In June 2008 , the usually secretive North Korean government made a public show of destroying the cooling tower of the Yongbyon reactor to demonstrate its compliance with a deal to disable its nuclear facilities . But two months later , as its then-leader , Kim Jong Il , balked at U.S. demands for close inspections of its nuclear facilities , the North started to express second thoughts . It said it was suspending the disabling of its nuclear facilities and considering steps to restore the facilities at Yongbyon "  to their original state . " In November 2009 , it announced it was reprocessing nuclear fuel rods as part of measures to resume activities at Yongbyon . It noted success in turning the plutonium it had extracted into weapons-grade material . OPINION : Why Kim Jong Un is not crazy CNN 's K.J. Kwon in Seoul , Tim Schwarz in Hong Kong , Dayu Zhang in Beijing , Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo and Barbara Starr and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea blocks South Korean workers from jointly run industrial complex The U.S. is " fully prepared " to defend itself , Kerry says U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  deeply troubled " about North Korea 's statements The North says it is adapting and restarting facilities at its main nuclear complex
CNN  -- A man plowed a car through the front doors of a Walmart store in California Sunday , then attacked customers with a blunt object , police said . The suspect drove more than 10 feet into a store in San Jose , California , got out of the car and began assaulting people , San Jose Police Officer Albert Morales said . "  He almost ran me over . ... He was in there to hurt people , " one shaken witness told CNN affiliate KTVU . Four people were injured , one seriously , Morales said . The CNN affiliate showed video of the deep red Oldsmobile that had smashed into a beer display , leaving boxes and cans of Budweiser scattered on the Walmart store 's floor . The suspect was arrested on assault charges and remained in police custody Sunday afternoon , Morales said . His motive was unclear , Morales said , but police believe drugs or alcohol may have been involved .	NEW : Witness : "  He almost ran me over . ... He was in there to hurt people " Police say a man is in custody after plowing into a Walmart store He is also accused of assaulting several customers Four people are injured , one seriously , police say
More than six weeks after being shot , reportedly by his own troops , President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz returned home Saturday evening from France , where he 'd been receiving medical treatment . After arriving at Nouakchott Airport in the West African nation 's capital , Aziz met with government officials and legislative leaders , according to the state-run AMI news agency . He later traveled through the city streets in an open-air convertible , waving as the car rolled through a throng of supporters , some of whom held up pictures and cheered his return by dancing and shouting "  Aziz ! " The president discussed his health in an interview with Radio France International , as reported Saturday AMI , saying he is "  generally OK and ... thankfully regaining my health . " Aziz said bullets hit his intestines and possibly his colon , while his kidneys and liver were spared . "  There were no complications or problems , but doctors  exercised  caution , " he said , explaining why it took him so long to come back to Mauritania . "  I ... lost a significant amount of blood due to injury , but most of the organs did not suffer . " It was on October 14 , that the president 's convoy came under fire as it headed back toward Nouakchott . Witnesses told the independent Mauritania News agency they thought this shooting was an assassination attempt , because unknown men shot at the president and ran away . But state news reported that members of a military unit stationed alongside the road shot at the president . And Aziz himself refuted the possibility he had been targeted in a coup d'etat , saying on state television the next day that the shooting was not intentional and that he 'd be OK . "  I want to reassure all citizens of my well-being after the accident committed by an army unit on an unpaved road , " Aziz said . "  Everything is fine . " The president added he 'd had a successful operation to treat what he described as minor injuries , but then left Mauritania for France for continued medical treatment . In his recent interview with Radio France International , he said he "  always worked " even during his recovery in France , adding that he 'd kept close contact with Mauritania 's prime minister , Cabinet ministers and leading politicians . A former general , Aziz came to power in a bloodless 2008 military coup -- one of many such coups the country of about 3.4 million people has had since it gained independence from France in 1960 . He ousted Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi , who had been the nation 's first democratically elected leader , according to the U.S. State Department . Aziz was elected president in 2009 . Still , the CIA describes the country 's leadership as a "  military junta . " Beyond its historic political instability , Mauritania faces threats posed by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . Mauritania : Slavery 's last stronghold Security was ratcheted up earlier this year amid concerns of "  armed terrorist groups " in nearby northern Mali , according to Magharebia , a website sponsored by the U.S. Africa Command -- a part of the U.S. military focused on the continent . The measures include a bolstered security presence on main streets , near embassies and by government buildings in Nouakchott , as well as stepped-up patrols , Magharebia said .	President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz was shot October 14 , reportedly by his own troops While witnesses said it seemed an assassination try , he insisted it was an "  accident " He returns to Nouakchott from France , where he 'd been recovering from injuries Throngs of supporters greet him , as he rolls through city streets in a convertible
FAIRBURN , Georgia  CNN  -- In a south Atlanta neighborhood lined with palatial homes and manicured lots , the Hicks family was living out its American dream . Breylan and Terese Hicks play with their sons Bryce , 3 , and Jordan , 2 . But like many Americans , that dream was interrupted when they almost lost their home to foreclosure . Terese , a firefighter , and her husband Breylan , a police sergeant , had always dreamed about owning a spacious house in the suburbs . When they began their search , the young family was living in a south Atlanta neighborhood . They grew concerned and decided to move when crime in the area started to pick up . Although they did n't think they could afford their ` dream home , ' they started searching in an affluent area just south of the airport and across the street from the 190-room estate owned by famed heavyweight boxer Evander Holyfield . "  I 've always been looking in this subdivision , but never thought we could afford a home here , " Terese Hicks said . After discussing their financials with a mortgage broker , the family was presented with a deal and payments they could afford . The interest-only , adjustable rate loan sounded good at the time . And since they were not first-time homebuyers , they thought they knew what they were getting into . Terese Hicks figured they could always refinance before the interest rates were adjusted . Soon , the family settled in their seven-bedroom , five-bathroom plantation-style home with a pool . It all seemed like a dream come true , until the couple learned the interest rate on their loan would readjust in just six months , making the loan a short three-year ARM . The mother of two , who handles the family 's finances , had wrongly assumed that their loan was a five-year ARM . The news could n't have come at a worse time . Breylan was unable to work because of a serious back injury , and the family 's income took a hit . They were also paying mortgages on vacant rental properties when they could n't find tenants because of the housing crisis . To make matters worse , Terese Hicks , a city employee , had to take a 10-percent pay cut in her salary , and the family was burdened with a mountain of medical bills for numerous surgeries their 6-month-old son Jordan underwent to treat a birth-related medical condition . Struggling to pay the new adjusted mortgage , Terese Hicks appealed to their mortgage company , Homecomings which is owned by GMAC , for help . "  They said there was nothing they could do about the rate readjusting , so I said let 's weather the storm and see what we can do , " she said . She continued to make regular payments for all of their mortgages in order to maintain their good credit . But within a year , they were in the eye of the storm and their savings dropped to around $ 75 . Desperate , the Hickses asked their mortgage company again for help . But they were told there was nothing they could do because they were current on all their payments . The Hickses decided they had no other choice but to "  play the game " and stop paying their mortgage , even if it meant damaging their hard-earned credit . Homecomings acknowledges that the guidelines for modification at that time made little sense , but they were caught in the middle of a "  symptomatic " relationship between working with third-party investors and homeowners . "  In order for us to have been able to modify the loan we needed to get permission on the investor on whose behalf we are servicing the loan , " said Jeanine Bruin of GMAC . "  It 's a balancing act , what 's in the best interest of the customer and the investor . " At the time of the Hickses request for a loan modification , investors backing the loans required some proof of financial difficulty . Things have changed since then , including new government concessions geared towards helping homeowners , explained Bruin . "  The proof was in the pudding , " said Bruin , "  You had to be late in your payment to prove hardship . " The Hicks family 's story is one that Marcia Griffin , founder of HomeFree-USA , has heard all too often . "  We advise homebuyers not to talk to a realtor or lender before we can meet with them for a Mortgage Profile Meeting , " said Griffin . "  Within 30 minutes the client will know if they can fly , run , walk or crawl . " HomeFree-USA is a nonprofit organization devoted to homeownership development and financial empowerment . It 's one of several national nonprofit organizations that offer mortgage assistance and home ownership counseling . The Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America and the National Urban League offer community advocacy programs geared toward counseling lower - and middle-income families who are purchasing or refinancing their homes . With offices in Washington and Atlanta , HomeFree-USA 's clientele is mostly minority borrowers . During the recent housing crisis , Griffin says people of color have become "  easy prey " because they often do n't know the right questions to ask about subprime and ARM loans . Some may find her no-nonsense attitude a bit difficult to swallow . "  You can not buy a house without any money , and you can not buy a house with poor credit , " cautioned Griffin . As an African-American , Griffin believes she 's the right messenger to help financially empower the African-American community . Griffin believes families like the Hicks could have qualified for a better , less risky loan and should have been better informed about the terms of their loan . If the Hicks family had known sooner about HomeFree-USA 's program they might have been able to save their good credit rating and a lot of aggravation . It was only after receiving notice that their home was going up for auction that Terese Hicks learned about HomeFree-USA . She contacted the Atlanta office and within a few days there was a resolution . The Hicks family learned that they qualified for President Obama 's new homeownership assistance program . The program offered institutionalized loan modifications for people who could prove they were suffering economic hardship . With a low interest rate locked in for the next five years , the family was able to keep the home and pay an affordable monthly mortgage . Griffin hopes other homebuyers can learn from the Hickses ' situation and seek out an advocate early in the process of refinancing or modifying a loan -- before they are caught in a financial storm . "  People do n't know where to go and who to talk to , " says Griffin . "  They are suffering in silence . "	The Hicks family purchased a "  dream home " just south of Atlanta , Georgia The couple struggled to pay the interest-only mortgage after it adjusted They suffered a series of financial blows from health issues to loss of income HomeFree-USA consulted with their lender to avoid foreclosure
A man accused of beheading a woman in Oklahoma will be charged Monday , authorities said . Charges against Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 , will include first-degree murder and assault with a deadly weapon , according to Jeremy Lewis , spokesman for the Moore , Oklahoma , police . Nolen , a recent convert to Islam , allegedly attacked a woman Thursday at a Vaughan Foods processing plant soon after he learned he 'd lost his job there . Police said he walked into the front office and attacked one of the first people he encountered , Colleen Hufford , 54 . He severed her head with a knife and then attacked Traci Johnson , 43 . Johnson is in stable condition at a nearby hospital for treatment of "  numerous wounds , " according to police . Mark Vaughan , the company CEO and a reserve deputy with the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office , confronted and twice shot Nolen , authorities said . Nolen was interviewed by investigators on Friday . Police have not revealed what he said . Facebook page focused on Islam Nolen 's Facebook page uses the name Jah ` Keem Yisrael . The cover photo appears to be of fighters holding weapons . The postings include all-caps messages about Islam and quotations from the Quran . There 's no reference to job dissatisfaction , and no indication he planned an attack . Some postings are political , such as one that runs with an image of the Joker from "  Batman " comics : "  AMERICA SO CALL HELPS IRAQ  WHICH NOT  - WELL WHY CANT U HELP THE GAZA CITIZENS AGAINST ISRAEL LOL . . I UPLOAD THIS PIK BECAUSE AMERICA AND ISRAEL ARE WICKED . WAKE UP MUSLIMS !!! " CNN confirmed with Moore police that the Facebook page and the images belong to Nolen . No terrorism link found Nolen had tried to convert co-workers to Islam , officials said . U.S. law enforcement officials said there are no indications linking Thursday 's attack to terrorism . In the Middle East , ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , has drawn world attention with videotaped beheadings . In a Facebook video posted by Megan Nolen , two women who say they are Nolen 's mother and sister apologize for his actions . "  I want to apologize to both families , because this is not Alton , " said the woman who calls Nolen "  my son . " She says her son was a good kid . "  I know what they 're saying what he did , but I 'm gon na tell you this , that 's not my son , " she says . "  My heart 's bleeding right now . " The woman who identifies herself as Nolen 's sister said he 's never been a violent person . "  For something like this to have happened , we 're all still in shock right now , " she says . "  We 're praying for both of the victims ' families , and I ask that everyone keep us in their prayers . " The Oklahoma Conference of Churches issued a statement Saturday urging "  all Oklahomans and people everywhere not to equate Mr.  Nolen 's  actions with the beliefs and practices of the Islamic Community in Oklahoma . " "  The Islamic Community of Oklahoma has consistently condemned all violence -- most especially acts of violence ostensibly carried out in the name of Islam , " the statement said . "  Along with our Muslim brothers and sisters we affirm that true Islam is , in fact , a religion of peace and that those inflicting violence in the name of Islam are perverting Islam for their own ends . " National Muslim organizations have made similar statements as ISIS ' brutality has come to light . Officer : I ` would have killed him ' Nolen was incarcerated until March 2013 for possession of a controlled substance , escaping confinement and resisting an officer . CNN affiliate KOKI-TV in Tulsa reported Nolen was arrested in 2006 when an officer saw him throw a bag of crack cocaine and a bag of marijuana out of a vehicle window as the officer pulled him over for traffic violations . Nolen was put on probation , KOKI reported . In 2010 , a state trooper stopped Nolen for an expired tag and discovered he had outstanding warrants , KOKI reported . The trooper , Betsy Randolph , told CNN on Saturday that Nolen started struggling after she put a handcuff on one wrist . Nolen ran and was arrested after a 12-hour manhunt . "  He kept looking over his shoulder because he knew I wanted to shoot him , but obviously I could n't shoot him in the back , " Randolph told CNN . "  If there had been any way to know the things he is alleged to have done a few days ago , I would have killed him when I had a chance . " A spokesman for Gov. Mary Fallin , Alex Weintz , noted the governor had blocked Nolen from receiving parole in 2012 . Weintz said Saturday : "  The suspect came up for parole in 2012 and the governor denied his parole . She reviewed his file and did n't think that he was a good candidate for early parole . "	Two women saying they 're part of suspect 's family apologize in Facebook video Charges against the suspect will include first-degree murder , assault Police say they have interviewed suspect Alton Alexander Nolen , 30 Nolen is suspected of beheading a 54-year-old woman in his former workplace
CNN  -- A group calling itself the Partisans of Monotheism in Sudan claimed responsibility Friday for the shooting death of an American diplomat and his driver early New Year 's Day . John Granville , seen in an undated family photo , was shot to death in Sudan Tuesday . "  The soldiers of monotheism carried out their operation in killing the U.S. diplomat John Micahel Granville and his Sudanese driver , who sold his faith for nothing in this earthly life , ... in Riyadh neighborhood east of Khartoum , " the group said in a statement posted in Arabic and English on several Islamist Web sites . The group misspelled Granville 's middle name , which is Michael . The Web sites reported the group , also called Ansar Al-Tawhid , is new . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the statement or the legitimacy of the group . The State Department was unaware of the claim , spokesman Sean McCormack said Friday , adding that the investigation into the deaths is in the initial stages . Jane Granville , John Granville 's mother , said she had no interest in discussing the claim of responsibility . Watch diplomat 's body being returned " "  That is not going to help bring John back , or his driver , and I really -- that is of no interest to me , " she told CNN in an exclusive interview . Watch Jane Granville describe her son 's work in Africa " Granville 's body was expected to arrive in the United States Friday afternoon , with a ceremony to be led by USAID administrator Henrietta Fore . Granville , 33 , was shot and killed early Tuesday as he headed home from a New Year 's party in Khartoum , his family has said . A U.S. Foreign Service diplomat from Buffalo , New York , he was working to restore peace in the war-torn nation . Watch I-Report video of shooting scene " U.S. officials are working with Sudanese authorities to investigate the incident . The FBI said Wednesday it was sending a team to Sudan to assist investigators . Granville 's family has said there was no particular reason for him to be targeted , because the nature of his work was not political . See family photos of Granville 's life " "  Here is the global infidelity harming the Nation of Islam with collaboration with the people of division and hypocrisy in order to push the people away from the path of God and to humiliate the men and violate the honor of the Muslim woman and violate the honors of Muslims in order to raise the banner of the cross above the land of Sudan , but the soldiers of monotheism swore to their God not to give in to this earthly life except their faith , " Friday 's statement began . "  We ask God to consider this act blessed to his generous being and we ask -LSB- the -RSB- almighty to please the hearts of the believers and please our Mujahedeen brethrens all over the lands of the Muslims , " it said . Earlier this week , a Sudanese Foreign Ministry spokesman said the shooting occurred during a "  street argument . " Spokesman Ali As Sadeq said the streets of the city were packed with cars leaving a New Year 's celebration , and a dispute broke out between people in two cars , one of which was carrying foreigners . The argument escalated , and a Sudanese fired on the car carrying the foreigners , he said . Granville 's family said he became passionate about Africa after helping build a school in a rural Cameroon village as a Peace Corps volunteer . "  John 's life was a celebration of love , hope and peace , " the family statement said . "  He will be missed by many people throughout the world whose lives were touched and made better because of his care . " He is survived by his mother , sister , nephew and nieces . Jane Granville said her son was aware of the dangers in the countries where he worked . "  I did discuss his safety all the time , and he said , ` Mom , I want you to listen to me . I am doing what I love every day of my life . How many people could ever say that ? I get up , I go to work and I try to make a little difference , and I love what I 'm doing . ' So that was John 's answer . " His mother said Granville got the "  traveling bug " while in high school , and described him as a humanitarian who loved Africa and its people and believed he was a guest in Sudan . "  The least that I can be is strong , because that 's what John would have wanted . He would have wanted us to celebrate his life , and that 's what we 're trying to do , " Jane Granville said . Sudan has been on the State Department 's list of nations that sponsor terrorism since 1993 , and the U.N. Security Council imposed sanctions on it from 1996 to 2001 because of its involvement with terrorism , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The country 's government has provided sanctuary to terrorists including Osama bin Laden , the council said . But in 2005 , the State Department said Sudan 's cooperation and information-sharing had increased and that it had made progress in combating terrorism , according to the council 's Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Marylynn Ryan , Tracy Doueiry and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I am doing what I love every day of my life , " John Granville told his mother Granville , 33 , was shot to death early New Year 's morning in Sudan Group claims responsibility Friday on Islamist Web sites ; sites say the group is new Claim by Partisans of Monotheism in Sudan ca n't be independently verified
International pressure on Nigeria is mounting with protesters taking to the streets around the world to demand the rescue of hundreds of schoolgirls abducted by the terror group Boko Haram . From Los Angeles to London , demonstrators carried posters reading #BringBackOurGirls -- a campaign that began on Twitter following the mass abduction of the girls in April -- and chanted "  Bring them home ! " "  Not for sale ! " and "  African lives matter ! " The protests on Saturday came the same day that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called on Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan to step up efforts to find the girls who were abducted on April 14 from a school in Chibok , in the country 's rural northeast . In Washington , protesters gathered at the Lincoln Memorial to denounce what they described as a poor response by the Nigerian government to rescue the girls . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge Among them was Oluwa Tosin Adegobla , who cried even as she demanded action . "  When you touch kids , I think you 've gone too far , especially , when it 's kids trying to get an education , " said Adegobla , who was born in Nigeria . " ... We 're getting very little information about what the federal government is actually doing to mobilize a search for those girls . " She criticized the Nigerian President for what she described as a lack of response . The President 's press office announced Saturday that Jonathan will deliver a nationwide address on the issue on Sunday . Outcry from angry Nigerians In Nigeria , angry citizens contend authorities are not doing enough . They took to social media using hashtags #BringBackOurGirls and #BringBackOurDaughters to demand more from the government , a move that appears to have ignited a global call for action . Despite the recent public outcries , the Nigeria 's Defense Ministry said it is committed to the search . Even so , protesters have said not enough is being done . "  It irks me that the government is not doing enough to bring back our girls and curb this insurgency , ' said Iheanyi Onwubiko to CNN 's iReport from Abuja , Nigeria . Onwubiko joined the online protest movement because of a personal connection to one of the kidnapped girls . CNN 's iReport : #BringBackOurGirls The African Union issued a statement on Friday expressing "  support to the efforts being made to rescue the abducted girls and bring to justice the perpetrators of this abhorrent act " and "  solidarity with the anguished families . " The statement echoed other groups ' concerns . "  Can you imagine if 234 girls were abducted from their school in Paris or in Chicago ? This would be a nightmare , this would be an uproar , " Nicole Lee , president of TransAfrica , an African-American foreign policy organization , said at the Washington demonstration . " ... People would care , people would take action and we would want the same for the girls in Nigeria . " During Kerry 's televised comment , made during a visit to Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , he called on the government to bring those responsible to justice . "  The kidnapping of hundreds of children by Boko Haram is an unconscionable crime , and we will do everything possible to support the Nigerian government to return these young women to their homes and to hold the perpetrators to justice , " he said . Boko Haram 's name translates to "  Western education is a sin " in the local language . The group especially opposes the education of women . Under its version of Sharia law , women should be at home raising children and looking after their husbands , not at school learning to read and write . Convoy disappears with hundreds of school girls According to accounts , armed members of Boko Haram overwhelmed security guards at the all-girls schools , herded the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks in the town of Chibok . The convoy of trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon . On Friday , Nigerian authorities updated the number of girls kidnapped to 276 . At least 53 of the girls escaped , leaving 223 in the hands of their captors , police said . Authorities said that the new figure for missing girls -- 223 -- could grow as police fill in spotty school enrollment records . Meanwhile , the U.S. State Department warned citizens against traveling to Nigeria because of a "  fluid and unpredictable " security situation . The government of Nigeria has issued a state of emergency in the northeastern Nigerian states of Adamawa , Yobe and Borno , where the mass abduction of the girls occurred . At the same time , the U.S. Consulate in Nigeria warned citizens to stay away from the Sheraton Hotel near the city of Lagos because of continued terror threats . "  As of late April , groups associated with terrorism allegedly planned to mount an unspecified attack against the Sheraton Hotel in Nigeria , near the city of Lagos . There was no further information regarding which of the two Sheraton Hotels in Lagos was the possible target , or if both of the Sheraton Hotels are possible targets , " the statement reads . In bus station explosion , death toll doubles to 18	Worldwide protests call for the release of schoolgirls Kerry : "  Kidnapping of hundreds of children by Boko Haram is an unconscionable crime " A total of 276 schoolgirls were abducted in the middle of the night last month There are 223 girls still in the hands of their captors , police say
Gun-related homicides and crime are "  strikingly " down from 20 years ago , despite the American public 's belief that firearm crime is on the upswing , a new study said Wednesday . Looking back 50 years , a Pew Research Center study found U.S. gun homicides rose in the 1960s , gained in the 1970s , peaked in the 1980s and the early 1990s , and then plunged and leveled out the past 20 years . "  Despite national attention to the issue of firearm violence , most Americans are unaware that gun crime is lower today than it was two decades ago , " the researchers say . A Pew survey of Americans in March found 56 % believed gun-related crime is higher than 20 years ago and only 12 % said it 's lower . The survey said 26 % believed it stayed the same and 6 % did n't know . Chicago 's record murder rate : Do n't blame guns alone The new study found U.S. firearm homicides peaked in 1993 at 7.0 deaths per 100,000 people . But by 2010 , the rate was 49 % lower , and firearm-related violence -- assaults , robberies , sex crimes -- was 75 % lower in 2011 than in 1993 , the study found . Those drops parallel an overall decline in violent non-fatal crime , with or without a gun , the study said . In fact , gun-related homicide rates in the late 2000s were "  equal to those not seen since the early 1960s , " the study found . Explanations for the drops the past 20 years are n't clear , the study said . Video shows test firing of 3-D printed handgun "  Researchers have studied the decline in firearm crime and violent crime for many years , and though there are theories to explain the decline , there is no consensus among those who study the issue as to why it happened , " the researchers say in a summary . Despite the decline , the United States still has a higher rate of homicide than other developed countries , the study says . But America does n't have a higher rate for all other crimes . The United States also has a higher rate of gun ownership than any other developed country , the study said . NRA 's LaPierre says gun rights struggle a ` long war '	Firearm-related homicides and crime drop from 1993 peaks , a Pew study says The drops parallel overall declines in violent non-fatal crime "  There is no consensus ... as to why it happened , " the study says of declines Still , America has a higher rate of homicide than any other developed nation
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Secret Service report on Chris Brown 's alleged assault on a man in Washington on Sunday offers insight into the singer 's possible defense strategy . The document obtained by CNN suggests that Brown 's bodyguard will take the rap for a man 's broken nose , while lawyers could question the creditability of one of the police officers who investigated the case . "  I was on the  tour  bus when I guess someone tried to get on and my bodyguard handled it , " Brown told a Secret Service officer investigating the incident on a sidewalk in front of the W Hotel just a few blocks from the White House . The incident happened around 4:25 a.m. Sunday , hours after the singer hosted a party at a nearby nightclub . "  Christopher Brown committed no crime , " his attorney Danny Onorato said Monday . "  We understand that his security acted to protect Mr. Brown and his property , as he is authorized to do under District of Columbia law . We are confident that Mr. Brown will be exonerated of any wrongdoing . " Brown bodyguard Christopher Hollosy -- who stands 6 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 240 pounds -- told investigators he punched the man in the face because he tried to follow Brown into the tour bus . The man was trying to get to Brown , so he "  was just doing his job " as a bodyguard when broke his nose , he said , according to the report . Assault charge against Chris Brown reduced Brown 's weekend arrest in the District of Columbia threatens his freedom in California , where he is serving felony probation for the 2009 domestic violence conviction in his attack on ex-girlfriend Rihanna . Beating the simple assault charge in Washington would help his lawyer persuade a Los Angeles judge not to find him in violation of probation rules , which require him to stay out of any legal trouble . Brown , 24 , checked himself into a "  rehab facility " Tuesday in an effort to "  gain focus and insight into his past and recent behavior , enabling him to continue the pursuit of his life and his career from a healthier vantage point , " his representative told CNN . It is unclear if Brown 's rehab stint will cause him to miss two court dates next month -- including a November 20 probation hearing in Los Angeles and a November 24 preliminary hearing on the assault case in Washington . Prosecution of the assault charges against Brown and his bodyguard is based on statements given to investigators by the alleged victim -- identified as Isaac Adams Parker , 20 , of Beltsville , Maryland -- and a woman who is a friend of Parker . Cop 's credibility questioned The woman , who is not identified in the police reports , told a Secret Service officer that the violence started when she and a female friend were standing on each side of Brown , posing while the singer 's bodyguard used her cell phone to take a photo . When Parker "  moved in " and tried to take his own photo with Brown and the women , she heard Brown tell Parker , "  I 'm not with that gay s -- t , " and then "  I feel like boxing , " according to the Secret Service report . Brown then punched Parker in the face with a closed fist , she said . Parker also told the Secret Service officer that when he tried to get into the photo , Brown said "  I ai n't down with that gay s -- t , " the report said . Another witness told the officer that he saw Brown chase Parker and swing at him , but he could n't see if Brown 's punch landed on Parker . But Brown 's lawyers could raise questions about Parker 's credibility -- or at least the credibility of one of the investigating police officers -- based on what the Secret Service officer reported . Chris Brown fast facts A friend of Brown 's says that a Metropolitan Police Department officer told him that Parker said Brown never hit him , the Secret Service report says . The report says the officer denied to other detectives that he had spoken to Brown 's friend . However , the Secret Service officer contradicts him . "  A uniformed Secret Service officer approached detectives and verified that he overheard the MPD officer " telling Brown 's friend that Parker said Brown never hit him , the report says . Parker "  denied he ever told anyone " that Brown had not hit him , according to the report . Anger management rehab ? There has been no indication that Brown has a substance abuse problem . The behavior that has landed him in legal trouble over the past several years has been anger management . Brown 's brutal attack on Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys in February 2009 resulted in a felony domestic violence conviction that carried a lengthy probation period . A judge found him in violation of that probation in August because of discrepancies in proving he fulfilled the court-ordered 1,400 hours of community labor . He imposed another 1,000 hours of work . The Los Angeles County district attorney appears in no mood to cut Brown any breaks , which suggests that prosecutors will ask for jail time for him because of the arrest early Sunday in the shadow of the White House . While the simple assault charge in Washington is a misdemeanor , it could trigger a probation revocation . Hit-and-run charge against Chris Brown dropped Brown is in a vulnerable position . The Los Angeles judge overseeing his felony probation could order him to complete as many as four years in prison for the beating of Rihanna if he is found in violation of probation . Prosecutors have declined to comment on if they will seek to put him behind bars . Brown spent 36 hours in a Washington jail and was taken to court in shackles Monday afternoon . He was released and ordered to report to his California probation officer within 48 hours . He checked into an undisclosed California rehab facility the next day . The probation officer 's job is to prepare a report for the Los Angeles judge who will decide if Brown will be found in violation of his probation . Going to rehab could allow Brown lawyer Mark Geragos to argue that the entertainer is getting proper help for his core problem . The statement from Brown 's representative did not disclose how long he intends to stay or what might be a "  healthier vantage point " for him . CNN 's Greg Seaby and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Brown 's bodyguard says he "  was just doing his job " when he hit the man , report says "  My bodyguard handled it , " Brown told a Secret Service officer about incident A Metropolitan Police Department officer denies victim told him Brown never hit him , report says A Secret Service officer contradicts what the MPD officer says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A Chinese factory that makes iPhones said Wednesday that it has suspended several staffers after an employee committed suicide , apparently under duress when a prototype went missing . Foxconn manufactures the popular iPhone for U.S.-based Apple in China . Sun Danyong , 25 , jumped off the 12th floor of the Foxconn Science and Technology Group in the southern city of Shenzhen last week . The recent engineering school graduate sent 16 model phones to phone manufacturer , Apple , but only 15 were received , said the state-run newspaper New Beijing Post . Because of the missing phone , Sun was questioned by company officials and -- according to posts on online forums by his friends -- detained , searched and beaten . Apple China said it was awaiting the results of an investigation into Sun 's death . "  We require that our suppliers treat all workers with dignity and respect , " Apple said in a statement . Foxconn also released a statement outlining several steps it has taken following the suicide , including counseling for its employees . "  I can honestly say Foxconn has not given anyone permission to do anything unlawful , " executive Li Jing Ming said . Employees connected to the incident were either fired or suspended without pay , the statement said . "  Regarding the loss of such a young life , the company and I express our deepest sorrow and regret and are apologetic to his family as we were not able to properly take care of him , " Li said . The company said it will support Sun 's family with funeral arrangements and other matters .	Sun Danyong , 25 , jumped off the 12th floor of building in southern city of Shenzhen Recent graduate sent 16 model phones to Apple , but only 15 were received Apple China said it was awaiting the results of an investigation
CNN  -- President Barack Obama reframed U.S. foreign policy priorities on Tuesday by focusing his administration 's immediate attention on Iran 's pursuit of nuclear weapons and the Middle East conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . "  While these issues are not the cause of all the region 's problems , they have been a major source of instability for far too long , and resolving them can help serve as a foundation for a broader peace , " he said in a 50-minute speech on the opening day of the U.N. General Assembly in New York . At the same time , Obama challenged the world body to enforce its ban on chemical weapons by agreeing to crack down on Syria -- even militarily -- if the regime of President Bashar al-Assad fails to turn over control of its stockpiles . "  There must be a strong Security Council resolution to verify that the Assad regime is keeping its commitments , and there must be consequences if they fail to do so , " he said . "  If we can not agree even on this , then it will show that the U.N. is incapable of enforcing the most basic of international laws . " His speech , which received little reaction from the gathered world leaders , sought to project a robust commitment to defending U.S. interests abroad while declaring receptiveness to potential diplomatic openings that have emerged . It 's not about regime change or asserting U.S. dominance , he insisted in calling for more unified international action in the world 's most persistent and contentious trouble spots . Noting that new Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei have stated their nation only seeks the peaceful use of nuclear power , rather than nuclear weapons , Obama said the issue comes down to Iran demonstrating its sincerity . "  To succeed , conciliatory words will have to be matched by actions that are transparent and verifiable , " he said , noting that "  this is n't simply an issue between America and Iran -- the world has seen Iran evade its responsibilities in the past , and has an abiding interest in making sure that Iran meets its obligations in the future . " Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart , Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , both will attend a Thursday meeting of the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany . Discussions will surround restarting talks on Iran 's nuclear program . Obama sounded cautious about any possible breakthrough , saying "  the roadblocks may prove to be too great , but I firmly believe the diplomatic path must be tested . " Later Tuesday , Rouhani said in his U.N. speech that Iran was prepared for immediate nuclear talks that are "  time-bound and result-oriented ... to build mutual confidence and removal of mutual uncertainties . " The Iranian leader also said he Iistened carefully to Obama 's speech and hoped that the United States "  will refrain from following the short-sighted interests of warmongering pressure groups " so that the two nations "  can arrive at a framework to manage our differences . " Rouhani touched on one of those differences , criticizing what he described as "  structural violence " against Palestinians . While he never mentioned U.S. ally Israel by name , the intention of his comments was clear . "  Palestine is under occupation ; the basic rights of the Palestinians are tragically violated , and they are deprived of the right of return and access to their homes , birthplace and homeland , " he said . "  Apartheid as a concept can hardly describe the crimes and the institutionalized aggression against the innocent Palestinian people . " Obama earlier called for "  the entire international community " to support renewal of the Middle East peace process , noting that Israeli and Palestinian leaders "  have demonstrated a willingness to take significant political risks . " "  Now the rest of us must also be willing to take risks , " Obama said . "  Friends of Israel , including the United States , must recognize that Israel 's security as a Jewish and democratic state depends upon the realization of a Palestinian state . Arab states -- and those who have supported the Palestinians -- must recognize that stability will only be served through a two-state solution with a secure Israel . " On Syria , Obama addressed both the August 21 sarin gas attack on suburban Damascus that he blamed on al-Assad 's regime and the civil war that has raged for more than two years and killed over 100,000 people , according to U.N. figures . Critics at home and abroad contend the United States was too slow in backing rebels fighting the Syrian regime , which allowed al-Assad 's forces to gain the advantage with help from Russia , Iran and Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon . At the same time , Obama 's threats of a U.S. military attack on al-Assad 's forces to try to prevent any further chemical weapons attacks failed to generate support from the United Nations , due to Russia 's opposition , as well as normally reliable NATO ally Great Britain and Congress . Some Obama opponents argued he showed weakness by not attacking Syria anyway , despite the lack of international support . Obama said such criticism "  mirrors a contradiction that has persisted in the region for decades . " "  The United States is chastised for meddling in the region , and accused of having a hand in all manner of conspiracy , " he said . "  At the same time , the United States is blamed for failing to do enough to solve the region 's problems , and for showing indifference toward suffering Muslim populations . " He outlined U.S. foreign policy for the remainder of his presidency , declaring a willingness "  to use all elements of our power , including military force " to secure core interests in the Middle East and North Africa . Obama specified that the United States would confront aggression against allies and partners and ensure the free flow of Middle East oil to the world , adding that "  although America is steadily reducing our own dependence on imported oil , the world still depends upon the region 's energy supply , and a severe disruption could destabilize the entire global economy . " He also pledged to continue the fight against terrorist networks by working with other nations and taking "  direct action " when necessary . In words clearly directed at Iran , Obama specified that "  we will not tolerate the development or use of weapons of mass destruction . " "  Just as we consider the use of chemical weapons in Syria to be a threat to our own national security , we reject the development of nuclear weapons that could trigger a nuclear arms race in the region , and undermine the global non-proliferation regime , " he said . Noting that the United States was emerging from a "  perpetual war footing " after more than a decade of conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan , Obama acknowledged that unilateral American action -- particularly military action -- was unable to achieve the desired development of democratic systems , open markets and respect for human rights around the world . "  Iraq shows us that democracy can not be imposed by force , " he said . Obama also directed a challenge to his fellow world leaders , noting that the United Nations was created in ashes of World War II so that nations could work together to confront global challenges and conflict . "  The question is whether we possess the wisdom and the courage as nation states and members of the international community to squarely meet those challenges ; for the United Nations to meet the challenges of our time , " he said . That means answering the inevitable call for action , Obama said . "  While the U.N. was designed to prevent wars between states , increasingly we face the challenge of preventing slaughter within states , " he said , adding that "  in such moments , the international community will need to acknowledge that the multilateral use of military force may be required to prevent the very worst from occurring . "	NEW : Rouhani says Iran is ready for "  time-bound and result-oriented " talks President Obama reframes the immediate U.S. foreign policy priorities Obama challenges the United Nations to enforce its regulations on chemical arms He calls for a strong U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria
CNN  -- Authorities in Cleveland , Ohio , brought in cadaver dogs Wednesday to search the childhood home of a registered sex offender accused in the deaths of 11 women . "  We 're just trying to cover all our bases , " said Scott Wilson , spokesman for the FBI , which is assisting local detectives in the case . Anthony Sowell , 50 , was arrested in October after authorities serving a search warrant in a rape case discovered six bodies in and around his current home . Subsequent searches turned up five more bodies , all African-American women . Authorities have said they are looking at the unsolved murders of three women in East Cleveland to determine whether they share any similarities with the remains found at Sowell 's home . Wednesday 's search comes a day after Sowell was indicted on 85 counts -- including aggravated murder , rape and kidnapping -- in the killings . In addition , Sowell is charged with "  brutalizing " three other women and raping two of them , Cuyahoga County prosecutor Bill Mason said Tuesday . Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Sowell , Mason said . He is scheduled to be arraigned Thursday . Sowell is now charged with 11 counts of aggravated murder with a "  mass murder specification , " meaning multiple people were killed in a similar fashion , Mason said . He also is charged with abuse of a corpse , kidnapping and tampering with evidence . The indictment also alleges that Sowell assaulted women on December 8 , 2008 , and on September 22 and October 20 of this year . The September and October victims were raped , and the other woman was punched and choked before she escaped , Mason said . Sowell 's charges in those incidents include attempted murder , rape or attempted rape , kidnapping , robbery and felonious assault . Sowell already faced charges in the September 22 rape and has pleaded not guilty . On October 20 , neighbors reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor of his house . Firefighters responded and later notified police . But the woman told officers that she fell off the roof while she was at the home "  partying , " police said earlier . No charges were filed at the time . Sowell threatened his victims and warned them not to contact police , Mason said . It 's possible there are other victims , he added , and urged anyone who has not come forward to do so . Sowell "  knew what he was doing was wrong at the time he was doing it , " the prosecutor said . As of last month , Sowell was on suicide watch at the request of his public defender , Kathleen DeMetz . She had said a psychiatric evaluation had been ordered but was unlikely to happen until after an indictment was filed . Cuyahoga County Sheriff Bob Reid said Tuesday that Sowell has been a "  model prisoner , " is kept in an isolated unit and has declined visitation requests . Most of the victims were strangled by ligature -- which could include a string , cord or wire -- and at least one was strangled by hand , officials said . Seven still had ligatures wrapped around their necks . All that has been found of one woman is a skull that was wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the home 's basement . Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005 . He was required to register as a sex offender . After the 11 victims were found , police used thermal imaging in mid-November in an attempt to see whether any additional human remains were on the property , and they dug certain areas by hand . No more were found .	Police "  trying to cover all our bases " at Anthony Sowell 's childhood home Sowell has been charged with killing 11 women , all found in or around current home Sowell indicted Tuesday on 85 criminal counts , including murder , rape , kidnapping
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe announced Tuesday a 26-member Cabinet mainly composed of allies from his previous appointments . It retains a ministry for enacting the policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign-owned firms . "  I am glad we now have a government of Zimbabwe following the harmonized elections , " Misheck Sibanda , chief secretary to the president and Cabinet , told journalists at the State House . "  The Cabinet has been reduced from 33 under the government of national unity to 26 ministers . " Zimbabwe has had no functioning Cabinet since the July 31 elections when Mugabe was re-elected . Prior to that , Mugabe 's Zanu PF party and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's MDC party shared power . The new Cabinet retains the Ministry of Indigenisation , the policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign owned firms and giving them to black Zimbabweans . Critics of the policy have said it mainly benefits a few elites . In the list released , Jonathan Moyo bounces back as media , information and broadcasting services minister . He was the minister who drafted tough media laws in 2002 that have resulted in the deportation of foreign journalists and the closing of some media organizations . Mugabe tossed him out of Zanu PF after Moyo stood as an independent in the 2008 elections . Former Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa is now the finance minister , taking over from Tendai Biti , who was from the MDC party under the 2009-2013 coalition government . The 89-year-old Mugabe and Zanu PF got more than a two-thirds majority in parliament in the July 31 elections .	Mugabe 's Cabinet is mainly composed of his allies from his previous appointments It retains a ministry to oversee the policy of seizing the majority stake of foreign-owned firms There are no appointments from the opposition
New Delhi  CNN  -- In a ruling that human rights groups are calling historic , India 's Supreme Court on Tuesday granted the country 's transsexual and transgender individuals the right to self-identify their gender . The ruling means transsexual and transgender people and those who identify as belonging to the "  third gender " will not be required to submit medical evidence of their sexuality to be recognized by the government as a member of that gender , said Tripti Tandon , a lawyer for one of the plaintiffs . A plea was filed before the Supreme Court by India 's National Legal Services Authority in 2012 on behalf of the transsexual and "  hijra , " or third-gender , communities . "  The Supreme Court ruled that everyone has the fundamental right to have their gender identified and recognized in the law without any discrimination , " Tandon said . "  And it 's self-identification of the gender as opposed to medically or surgically assigned one . " The high court also issued a series of guidelines to India 's federal government and state administrations for enforcement of its orders , she added . The ruling states that "  gender identity is integral to the dignity of an individual and is at the core of ` personal autonomy ' and ` self-determination . ' " Hijras , the ruling said , must be considered a third gender "  over and above binary genders under our Constitution and the laws . " The ruling allows females to identify as males and males to identify as females , and no sex reassignment surgery is required for recognition of one 's self-defined gender . Human rights groups praised the ruling , but used the opportunity to push for changes in another law that criminalizes consensual homosexual relationships . Tuesday 's ruling has the potential to alter the lives of people who have suffered oppression , Amnesty International 's program director in India , Shashikumar Velath , said in a statement . But , he noted , the same Supreme Court has overturned a lower court 's decision to decriminalize homosexual relationships . The law bans people from engaging in "  carnal acts against the order of nature " and dates back to British colonial times . The court 's ruling on transgender , transsexual and third-gender people recognizes that their plight can not be ignored , said Graeme Reid , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights Program at Human Rights Watch . "  It begins the process of re-establishing the important social role that third-gender people played in traditional Indian society , " he said . CNN 's Tara Kangarlou contributed to this report .	India 's Supreme Court says people have the right to self-identify their gender Human rights groups say it is a victory for transgender and transsexual community But homosexual relationships are still criminalized
Houston  CNN  -- After seeing Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's lackluster performance in debates and accompanying drop in the polls , some pundits conclude it would take a force of nature to save his campaign . Fortunately for Perry , such a force does exist , and her name is Sarah Palin . A dose of Palin power would do much to revitalize Perry 's chances to win the Republican presidential nomination . Of course , such a coveted endorsement comes with costs . Rock stars such as Palin do n't just walk into campaign headquarters asking to lend a helping hand . Perry must be committed to a careful wooing process and to meeting most of her demands , however diva-esque they may be . So why should Perry grovel at Palin 's feet in solicitation of unmitigated support ? Because in the big picture , Palin power is just what the campaign doctor ordered . Just envision the image of these two politicians hitting the trails in Iowa and New Hampshire , flanked by journalists and flashing cameras at every juncture . This dynamism and attention would infuse Perry 's campaign with a Hollywood cachet that his opponents lack . Or better yet , imagine a commercial with Palin touting Perry as a great American and a true , true Christian  hint hint  . Palin 's endorsement would give the Texan more street cred among tea party constituents , generate large crowds and fill his campaign coffers till overflowing . But more decisively , Palin 's advocacy would do for Perry what New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's endorsement of Mitt Romney does not , and that is excite a critical contingent of the Republican base : those pesky evangelicals who are just begging for an excuse to reject Romney . Perry 's Texas charm coupled with Palin 's rock-star status would get everyone talking about the Texan as a viable candidate again . With front-runner Herman Cain sidetracked by the recent revelation of sexual harassment allegations leveled at him while he ran the National Restaurant Association in the 1990s , the timing for a Perry-Palin alliance could not be better . But while it is easy to see how Perry could benefit from an infusion of Palin power , what does the Alaskan maverick with a penchant for self-promotion have to gain by pitching her potency toward Perry ? With Palin 's decision not to enter the race comes the threat of losing her voice . Supporting Perry would provide Palin with a plausible context to remain in the limelight , which translates into more photo ops , more speeches , more television interviews and more chances to flex her muscles . So both politicians have something to gain from joining forces . From Perry 's vantage point , the Texan can win the nomination with her support . From Palin 's perspective , her legend soars for saving a campaign on life support and , should Perry lose , she can save face by passionately proclaiming that she fought for the candidate and the values in which she believes . The country would also benefit from this strategic alliance because Palin 's polarizing presence would force both Perry and Romney to reveal more precisely their conservative proclivities and commitments . Simply put , Palin power would push both candidates more to the right , producing a more informed voting public and a clearer contrast between President Barack Obama and the eventual Republican nominee . As Perry and Palin proceed toward the precipice of an uncertain future , each holds the solution to the other 's most pressing problem : Palin provides Perry with resuscitation ; Perry gives Palin relevance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shayne Lee .	Sarah Palin 's endorsement could save Rick Perry 's presidential campaign , Shayne Lee says It could also give Palin newfound relevance since she 's not in the race herself , he says Lee : Palin 's endorsement would give the Texan more street cred among tea party constituents Palin 's presence would also force Perry and Mitt Romney further to the right , Lee says
Rebel-controlled northern Syria  CNN  -- Mohamed Rashid walked out of the gate of his house with a giant blood stain on his white T-shirt . "  This is the blood of a martyr ! Of a hero ! Of a lion ! " he bellowed . "  This is his blood . It is pure ! " Mad with grief , Rashid kissed his bloody T-shirt before being led away by worried relatives . Just hours before , Rashid learned his son Abdul was killed in battle in the Syrian city of Aleppo . Housam Abdul Rashid was a 22-year-old defector from the army . He was also the fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebels . The younger Rashid is one of the casualties of the five-day-old rebel offensive on Aleppo , the country 's commercial capital . Another rebel , who asked only to be named "  Khorshid " because his wife and children were still living in Aleppo , described how his comrade was killed by a helicopter gunship , while climbing onto a rooftop . Syria : As al-Assad 's grip loosens , what could come next ? "  Housam 's specialty was a sniper , " Khorshid said . "  He went to the roof , and a helicopter gunship killed him . Another fighter from Aleppo with him was also killed . I was just 4 meters away when it happened . " Khorshid said the rebels mounted their offensive on Aleppo last Friday , two days after a bomb killed four of Syria 's top security officials . Rebel commanders and fighters claimed they made gains , particularly in the neighborhood of Salahuddin . But they were also clearly suffering casualties . What began 17 months ago as a peaceful protest movement has evolved into a full-fledged armed insurgency . Rebels bracing for showdown in Aleppo Countless rebel battalions with names like "  Shield of Idlib Battalion " and "  Freedom Brigade " have emerged , as well as military rebel councils in large towns and cities . The rebel militias are composed in large part of defector soldiers . But there are also many civilians , including students , shopkeepers , real-estate agents , and even members of President Bashar al-Assad 's ruling Ba'ath party . Ahmed Habib spent a decade working as a bureaucrat with the Aleppo branch of the Ba'ath party . But eight months after joining the rebels , he was now dressed in improvised military fatigues , carrying a Belgian-made Fabrique Nationale assault rifle slung over his shoulder . "  We wished to have a new democracy when Bashar al-Assad became president , " he said , when asked about his years of Ba'ath party service . "  We wished to have freedom for the people , but that never happened . We just got new cars and computers . It 's ... nothing , " he cursed in English . A Syrian town 's ` Street of Death ' "  We tell Bashar al-Assad , very soon we will be in Damascus , in the president 's palace , we promise that , " Habib said . "  He has to hear that and he has to leave , otherwise we will kill him . " Habib was now bivouacked in a village school in Syria 's Idlib province which had been converted into a barracks for rebels from the Syrian Falcons Brigade . The group 's leader , Mustafa Abdullah , claimed to lead 600 men . Though he insisted all of his fighters were Syrians , at least one armed man introduced himself to CNN as a citizen of Turkey . Fighters were heard telling the Turk not to speak to journalists in Turkish . Meanwhile , residents of the village where the Syrian Falcons were headquartered said there were fighters of several North African nationalities also serving with the brigade 's ranks . A volunteer Libyan fighter has also told CNN he intends to travel from Turkey to Syria within days to add a "  platoon " of Libyan fighters to armed movement . Though there are some foreign volunteers , it is clear the bulk of the fighters are Syrians . Every day , it appears there are new volunteers . One of the newest recruits is Soukrot Amin , a 23-year-old native of Aleppo , who was determined to start his own rebel group . Amin smuggled himself across the Turkish border to Syria on Sunday , carrying a bag full of walkie-talkies , sniper scopes and novelty spy cameras disguised as watches and car keys -- all tools for his rebel cell . He said he bought the devices with savings earned after spending five months working as a car mechanic in the United Arab Emirates . "  I go to war for my family , for my country , " Amin said . "  Because  Assad  has killed everyone . He killed my cousin . He destroyed my village . He destroyed my home . " Photos : Massacre in Syria The young volunteer said he had a list of around 40 recruits for his group . He said he had only 15 weapons for his group . But Amin added that upon arrival in Aleppo , he planned to apply to a group in Turkey calling itself the High Revolutionary Council for weapons to arm his fighters . "  We will win , " Amin said . The veteran fighter named Khorshid had no illusions that the fight for Aleppo would be easy . He choked back tears after burying his slain friend Housam Abdul Rashid on Tuesday . But then he swore to return to the battle in Aleppo , within a matter of hours . "  Tonight , " Khorshid said . "  We must fight Bashar al-Assad , because if not , he will kill us . " Syria says it has WMDs in case of foreign attack Opinion : Preparing for a Syria without Bashar al-Assad	Rashid is stained with son 's blood after he died fighting with Free Syria Army Son -- Housam Abdul Rashid -- was a 22-year-old defector from the army He was fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebels
CNN  -- On a videotape released Sunday , American al Qaeda member Adam Yahiye Gadahn renounces his U.S. citizenship , destroys his passport and cites U.S. President Bush 's upcoming trip to the Middle East . "  American jihadist " Adam Gadahn , originally from California , in a video released in September 2006 . The 50-minute tape -- titled "  An Invitation to Reflection and Repentance " -- was released by As Sahab , al Qaeda 's video production wing and was provided to CNN by www.LauraMansfield.com , a Web site that analyzes terrorism . In it , Gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of Sheikh Omar Abdul Rahman , a blind Egyptian Muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the 1993 attack on the World Trade Center ; and John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban who was arrested in Afghanistan in 2001 , and others . Gadahn displays his passport to the camera , rips it in half and says , "  Do n't get too excited -- I do n't need it to travel anyway . " Though Gadahn speaks mostly in English , he references Bush -- who is to travel this week to the Middle East -- only in Arabic . "  We raise an urgent appeal to our mujahedin brothers in the Muslim Palestine , the Arabian Peninsula in particular , and the region in general , to be prepared to receive the crusader butcher Bush on his visit to Muslim Palestine and the occupied peninsula at the beginning of January , " he said . "  They should receive him not with roses and applause , but with bombs and booby-traps . " The video also refers to the Annapolis Conference , indicating it was produced after last November 27 , when the conference was held . National Security Council Spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the U.S. president would not be deterred . "  His comments are indicative of an al Qaeda ideology that offers nothing but death and violence , " Johndroe told CNN in a written statement . "  President Bush will travel to the region to stand with the mainstream governments who want liberty and justice for their people . " The self-proclaimed American jihadist , also known as Azzam the American , is on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , with a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to his capture . Gadahn was indicted in 2006 on charges of treason and offering material support for terrorism , the first American charged with treason since World War II . Gadahn , who grew up in rural California , embraced Islam in the mid-1990s and moved to Pakistan . Since October 2004 he has appeared in at least eight al Qaeda videos in which he speaks in English and praises the terrorist network . E-mail to a friend	Adam Gadahn in videotape tears up U.S. passport , speaks in Arabic and English Tape was released by As Sahab , al Qaeda 's video production wing Originally from California , Gadahn talks about Bush 's upcoming trip to Middle East Gadahn is on the FBI 's Most Wanted List with $ 1 million reward for information
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court voiced deep free speech concerns Tuesday about a law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dog fights and other acts of animal cruelty . Selling depictions of animal cruelty like this amateur dogfighting video may be illegal under a 1999 statute . The justices heard an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals . But media groups and the National Rifle Association were among those who say the law is overly broad . "  It 's not up to the government to decide what are people 's worst instincts , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  One can contemplate a lot of other areas , where government could say : You are appealing to people 's worst instincts , and , therefore , movies can not be made " showing dramatized depictions of animals being abused , for example . "  What about people who like to see human sacrifices ? " asked Justice Samuel Alito , somewhat sarcastically . "  Suppose that is legally taking place someplace in the world . I mean , people here would probably love to see it . Live , pay-per-view , you know , on the Human Sacrifice Channel . They have a point of view they want to express . That 's okay ? " He seemed to indicate strongly it was not , and that lawmakers would have discretion to block it . The specific case before the court dealt with tapes showing pit bull dogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations . Watch an excerpt of the tapes " A federal appeals court had thrown out the conviction of Robert Stevens , a Pittsville , Virginia , man who sold videos through his "  Dogs of Velvet and Steel " business . According to court records , undercover federal agents found he was advertising his tapes in "  Sporting Dog Journal , " an underground magazine on illegal dogfighting . Among the products Stevens advertised was "  Catch Dogs , " featuring pit bulls chasing wild boars on organized hunts and a "  gruesome depiction of a pit bull attacking the lower jaw of a domestic farm pig , " according to the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania-based appeals court . Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty . He was later sentenced to 37 months in prison , and promptly appealed . He argued his sentence was longer than the 14 months given professional football player Michael Vick , who ran an illegal dogfighting ring . It was the first prosecution in the United States to proceed to trial under the 1999 law . The divided appeals court concluded that when it came to the federal law in question , "  research and empirical evidence in the record before us simply does not support the notion that banning depictions of animal cruelty is a necessary or even particularly effective means of prosecuting underlying acts of animal cruelty . " Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals . Several media organizations have come out in support of Stevens , worrying the federal law was too broad and could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bull-fighting in Ernest Hemingway novels . A number of justices too had concerns , raising a number of hypotheticals , a possible sign a majority of the court remains uncomfortable with allowing the law to be reinstated . "  Why not do a simpler thing ? " suggested Justice Stephen Breyer . "  Rather than let the public guess as to what these words mean , ask Congress to write a statute that actually aims at those frightful things that it was trying to prohibit . Now , that can be done . " "  You have to look at the content to determine whether or not the speech is prohibited , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  How can you tell these are n't political videos ? With organizations like PETA -LSB- People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals -RSB- and others , depictions of the same sort of animal cruelty that is used to generate support for efforts to prohibit it . Why are n't these videos the exact opposite of efforts to legalize it ? " Justice Sonia Sotomayor questioned the distinction between Stevens ' videos and news items . "  Tell me what the difference is between these videos and -LSB- filmmaker -RSB- David Roma 's documentary on pit bulls ? I mean , David Roma 's documentary had much , much more footage on the actual animal cruelty than the films at issue here , greater sections of the film , and more explicit , " she said . Roma 's 2006 independent film "  Off the Chain " consisted of a great deal of hidden camera footage . Among the wide-ranging hypotheticals raised by the justices over what the law could forbid included : fox hunts , pate de foie gras from geese , cock fighting , bullfighting , shooting deer out of season , even Roman gladiator battles . Neal Katyal , an attorney for the Justice Department , said the law was "  narrowly targeted " and had exceptions specifically for "  religious , political , scientific , educational , journalistic , historical , or artistic value . " "  This statute has nothing to do with the offense of the message . It has to do with trying to dry up an underlying market for animal cruelty , " said Katyal . Justice Samuel Alito appeared most supportive of the government 's views . He asked about selling of so-called "  crush " videos , in which women -- with their faces unseen -- are shown stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . "  The people who produce ` crush ' videos think they have a message , and the message is that this is sexually exciting , " he said , clearly uncomfortable with the subject matter . When Stevens ' lawyer Patricia Millett launched into a caveat-laden answer , Alito broke in . "  You are not even willing to say that this could be prohibited ? " he asked . "  Because we are trying to determine whether this is overly broad . And this is the category of activity that Congress particularly targeted . " Congressional supporters said a principal motivation for passing the law was to stop the growing popularity of "  crush " videos . The Humane Society said the market for such videos stopped almost completely after the law was passed . Millett said "  Congress has a job to write with a scalpel and not a buzz saw in the First Amendment area . " She noted that if the law is upheld , it would only be the second time the Supreme Court has identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment . The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography . "  The problem in this case , was that Congress chose to attack speech and to control what the people of this country could see and hear before it was even seriously punishing the conduct at issue and that gets our Constitution upside down , " Millett told reporters later . The government had argued a "  compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog attack tapes and similar depictions . The case is U.S. vs. Stevens  08-769  and a ruling is expected in several months .	The justices heard an hour of debate about scope and intent of decade-old statute Statute supporters say it helps stop profiting from the torture and abuse of animals Media groups , National Rifle Association say the law is overly broad Case is first prosecution in the United States to go to trial under the 1999 law
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney -- who was aboard a ship the Israeli navy intercepted this week -- is in a detention center and will be returned to the United States , the U.S. Embassy said . Former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney , D-Georgia , refuses to sign Israeli deportation papers , the U.S. Embassy says . McKinney was among those on a ship that the Israeli Defense Forces said violated an Israeli blockade and crossed into Gazan waters on Tuesday . The Israeli navy gained control of the ship and took McKinney and about 20 people into custody , said the Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group that sent the ship . The group said the ship , which it calls Spirit of Humanity , was carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza . McKinney served six terms in the House of Representatives as a Democrat from Georgia and was the Green Party 's 2008 presidential nominee . The ex-lawmaker is in the Givon immigration detention center in the central Israeli city of Ramle , the U.S. Embassy said . She has been given deportation papers but has refused to sign them , the embassy said . She will be held for three more days , assuming she does not sign the papers , and then will be sent back to the United States , the embassy added . The location of others taken into custody was not immediately known . The IDF said the ship , which it called the Arion , had been warned while at sea that it would not be allowed to enter Gazan waters "  because of security risks in the area and the existing naval blockade . " The IDF said the cargo boat disregarded all warnings and entered Gazan coastal waters . An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the vessel , directing it toward Ashdod , Israel , the IDF said . The boat 's crew would "  be handed over to the proper authorities , " the military said . Without naming who was on the boat , the IDF confirmed that the incident was the same detailed by the Free Gaza Movement . According to the Free Gaza group , McKinney said , "  This is an outrageous violation of international law against us . Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip " before authorities confiscated cell phones . Also aboard was Mairead Maguire , who co-founded a group that worked for peace in Northern Ireland . Maguire and co-founder Betty Williams received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1976 for their work . Free Gaza said the voyage is the eighth such trip the group has launched . Five succeeded , the group said , but the Israeli military stopped attempts in January 2008 and December .	Ex-U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney is in Israeli detention center , U.S. Embassy says McKinney will be returned to U.S. in three days , embassy says Boat with McKinney enters Gazan waters , violates blockade , Israel says Human rights group says ship was carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza
CNN  -- Yemen 's embattled president , still recovering from a violent attack last month , met with a top U.S. counterterrorism official in Saudi Arabia Sunday . Yemeni state television broadcast footage of the president 's meeting with John Brennan , U.S. President Barack Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser . The two met at a military hospital in Riyadh , where Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been recovering since he was wounded in the attack on his presidential compound more than a month ago . Video of the meeting shows Saleh wearing a suit jacket , his face still singed from the June 3 blast . Brennan wished Saleh "  a speedy recovery " but also "  emphasized the importance of resolving the political crisis in Sanaa , " the White House said in a statement on Sunday 's meeting . He urged Saleh to sign the Gulf Cooperation Council 's political transition plan for Yemen . "  The United States believes that a transition in Yemen should begin immediately so that the Yemeni people can realize their aspirations , " the White House statement said . Saleh has voiced agreement with the plan by the GCC , which would ensure his gradual departure from office , but he has not signed it . Saleh told Brennan that the GCC initiative laid the groundwork for exiting the political crisis through national dialogue involving all political parties , Yemen 's state-run Saba news agency reported . As Brennan and Saleh met in Saudi Arabia , clashes erupted between government security forces and armed tribesmen in one of the epicenters of Yemen 's anti-government movement . Two people were killed and at least nine others were injured in the southwestern Yemeni city of Taiz Sunday , medical sources in the city said . Dozens of homes were also damaged in the fighting , which started early Sunday morning and stretched for more than eight hours , witnesses said . Saleh appeared on television in Yemen Thursday for the first time since the attack , telling viewers he was on the mend , open to talks with opposition forces and determined to strike back at his attackers . His speech from Saudia Arabia transfixed his home country , which has been enduring months of anti-government protests and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula militant activity . Saleh said he had had eight successful surgeries in Saudi Arabia , but the president , whose badly burned face was dark and who sat stiffly upright in a buttoned-up robe , did n't specify when he would go back to Yemen -- a return his supporters anticipate but his opponents hope will never occur . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . On Sunday , Saleh thanked Brennan for U.S. support of "  Yemen 's unity , security and stability , " according to Saba . "  He confirmed that Yemen needs to be supported and assisted to promote economic and development fields so as to reduce poverty and unemployment , which represent a fertile environment of terrorism , " Saba reported . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Clashes erupt in the southwestern Yemeni city of Taiz White House : "  A transition in Yemen should begin immediately " Yemeni state television shows Saleh and Brennan meeting Saleh has been recovering in Saudi Arabia since he was wounded in a June 3 attack
CNN  -- Dear Speaker Boehner , President Theodore Roosevelt enacted 1,081 executive orders during his presidency . President Dwight Eisenhower had 484 . President Ronald Reagan had 381 . And President George W. Bush had 291 . President Barack Obama has enacted 182 executive orders -- yet the GOP accuses him of being an "  imperial president , " and Republican members of the House of Representatives are preparing to sue him for violating the Constitution . With all due respect , Speaker Boehner , it 's as though the fog of extreme partisanship that has colored your dealings with President Obama since day one has suddenly turned into a full-on fever of irrationality . Think about this for just a second : House Republicans are using taxpayer dollars to fund a lawsuit against a President who has literally done not only what every president before him has done but has done it less often and is doing so now only because House Republicans repeatedly refuse to even vote on legislation , let alone pass anything . And you have the gall to accuse the President of being the one in violation of the Constitution ? Even more frustrating is how your repeated attacks on the President fall factually flat . In your essay for CNN , you write : "  After years of slow economic growth and high unemployment under President Obama , they are still asking , ` where are the jobs ? ' " This is a particularly laughable assertion given last week 's jobs report , which noted our economy added 288,000 jobs in June , marking 52 straight months of continuous job growth . Overall , under President Obama 's leadership , the private sector has added 9.7 million jobs and an economy that was in free fall when he was elected is now in a steady recovery . Do n't think that recovery is fast enough , Speaker Boehner ? Then pass laws to help rather than jeering from the sidelines and rooting for America to fail so you can blame it on President Obama . You assert that you have passed jobs bills that President Obama and the Democratic Senate are ignoring , but frankly the word "  jobs " as you use it there is questionable . Your "  jobs " bills include legislation to repeal Obamacare , through which 20 million Americans now have health insurance , cut food stamps for poor Americans and reduce government regulations on fracking . Meanwhile , President Obama proposed an actual jobs bill that would have created construction jobs to modernize our deteriorating roads and airports , provided tax credits for employers that hired returning veterans , extended unemployment benefits , which also spurs spending , and cut payroll taxes for 98 % of American businesses . But that jobs bill was killed by Republican opposition in Congress . You also accuse President Obama of ignoring the law , of acting like "  a monarch or king . " Yet the same article of the Constitution that vests power and authority in Congress vests executive power in the President . Since the founding of our country , that power has been interpreted to allow presidents to enact executive orders and determine how the duly passed laws of Congress should be prioritized and deployed . If you 're looking for an example of stretching that authority to the point of breaking it , perhaps you should n't scrutinize a former Constitutional law professor but instead his predecessors . "  I believe in a strong , robust executive authority , " Vice President Dick Cheney said in 2005 . "  The president of the United States needs to have his constitutional powers unimpaired . " Cheney , for instance , described the War Powers Act -- in which a president must gain the approval of Congress before launching armed conflict -- as an unconstitutional "  infringement on the authority of the presidency . " In both number and scope , President Obama 's use of executive actions simply pales against this and other actions one could compare . Franklin Roosevelt , the last president faced with a massive economic recession , ultimately enacted 3,522 executive orders . Even though his own party controlled both houses of Congress , FDR was n't sued . He was elected to a third term . And his policies , including his executive orders , helped rescue America from the recession . In the face of obstructionist Republicans in Congress , President Obama 's executive actions also enjoy broad public support . Some 57 % of Americans supported his administrative relief for young undocumented immigrants brought to the United States when they were children . And according to a poll conducted by the LGBT advocacy group the Human Rights Campaign , 73 % of Americans support an executive order to ban discrimination by federal contractors on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity . If House Republicans do n't like these executive orders , then pass immigration reform and the Employment Non-Discrimination Act . Do n't sue the President . Passing laws that our nation wants and needs is doing your job . Suing the President just because you do n't like him is irresponsible partisan petulance . Speaker Boehner , you write : "  If you look back over American history , there has always been a tension between the inherent powers of the executive branch versus the inherent powers of the legislative branch . " Yes , that 's true , and President Obama is simply exercising those inherent executive powers . Now please exercise yours and pass some laws to help America instead of wasting taxpayer money on a frivolous lawsuit that is nothing more than a flagrant partisan stunt . Boehner : Why we must now sue the President	Sally Kohn : Obama has issued fewer executive orders than G.W. Bush or Reagan John Boehner 's actions smack of irrational partisanship , she says She notes that under Obama , the economy and jobs are better than after Bush free fall Kohn : Boehner 's political stunt wastes taxpayer money
CNN  -- Former Penn State football coach Joe Paterno wrote a letter before his death saying the sex abuse scandal involving his assistant coach was "  not a football scandal . " Read the full text of the letter His family authenticated the letter , written late last year , after it emerged Wednesday . "  This is not a football scandal and should not be treated as one , " wrote Paterno , who died in January . "  It is not an academic scandal and does not in any way tarnish the hard-earned and well-deserved academic reputation of Penn State . " Anticipation builds ahead of Sandusky report Family spokeswoman Mara Vandlik said the letter was intended to be published as a guest editorial , but that never happened , and it was probably released by one of the former players who had received a copy . Former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was convicted last month for sexually abusing young boys over a 15-year period . Joe Paterno , a flawed hero ? Paterno and former Penn State President Graham Spanier were fired after the Sandusky scandal broke in November . The findings of an internal review into the sex scandal are scheduled to be released Thursday . The lengthy report is expected to focus on school officials , what they knew about Sandusky 's behavior and whether they tried to cover it up . Despite scandal , Penn State draws $ 208.7 million in donations The internal review is separate from criminal investigations that have resulted in Sandusky 's conviction , and charges of perjury and failing to report abuse against former athletic director Tim Curley and former Penn State vice president Gary Schultz . Both men have pleaded not guilty . The Pennsylvania attorney general 's office is investigating what the university knew about a 2001 incident involving Sandusky and a young boy in a university shower , which was reported by then-Penn State graduate assistant Mike McQueary . The scandal has shaken the university and the nation , and has raised questions about Penn State 's response to the allegations . Some claim the school put its reputation ahead of protecting potential child victims . Review into Penn State 's handling of Sandusky released	"  This is not a football scandal , " Paterno writes in the letter It was intended to be published as a guest editorial , his family says Paterno was fired amid the sex scandal involving his former assistant coach He died in January
CNN  -- Jero is making old , new again in Japan . African-American Jero is famous for singing Japanese enka . The 27-year-old American has made a name for himself singing enka , a traditional form of lounge music that flourished in 1940 's Japan . It seems an unlikely musical style for the Pittsburgh native to pursue . Enka 's fan based comes generally from an older generation and is practically unknown outside of Japan , with simple song themes about love and loss . But Jero , real name Jerome White , with his youth , hip-hop look and fine singing voice has propelled enka into the 21st century and captured a new audience . It was the influence of his Japanese grandmother that first led him on the path to enka . She ensured that Jero was aware of his connection to the culture of Japan and sang enka songs in Japanese with him when he was young . He went on to study Japanese at high school and spent time in Japan while on an exchange with the University of Pittsburgh . After he graduated he moved to Japan , working as a computer scientist and teaching English . His big break came when he appeared on an amateur singer TV show . On the back of that success he released his first single in early 2008 , promoting it with live appearances in record stores and the odd impromptu street performances . It shot up the Japanese singles chart , reaching No 4 , the highest ever position for a first time enka release . Watch the show on CNN as we spend time with him in a karaoke spot in Tokyo and find out how he 's dealing with sudden fame in a foreign country .	Jero has made traditional Japanese enka songs hip and found new audience He sang enka with his Japanese grandmother when he was a young boy Found success on talent show and first single made No. 4 in charts
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Before lighting up that patriotic sparkler this weekend , remember to play it safe . The Consumer Product Safety Commission uses mannequins to show the dangers of fireworks . That was the message from the Consumer Product Safety Commission Tuesday , which put out an early July Fourth holiday warning urging families to put safety first when celebrating with fireworks . "  We know that 70 percent of all -LSB- fireworks-related -RSB- accidents occur between June 20 and July 20 , " commission head Inez Tenenbaum said during a demonstration of fireworks safety on the National Mall . "  This is the time of year that people are using fireworks . " Tenenbaum noted that the largest number of young people injured by fireworks are between the ages of 14 to 17 . Learn more about fireworks-related injuries " According to the latest report from the CPSC , there were seven fireworks-related deaths and roughly 7,000 reported injuries in 2008 . Tenenbaum stressed that parents should always supervise young people around fireworks and that consumers should only buy legal products . Watch the CPSC warnings about fireworks " "  Never pick up a firework that is a dud -LSB- and -RSB- has n't fired , because it might go off in your hand , " she added . After Tenenbaum spoke , government lab technicians demonstrated some of the potentially deadly consequences that can result from a failure to observe basic firework safety . Using mannequins posed in typical outdoor settings , the technicians showed how a simple sparkler often used by children can easily cause clothing to catch fire . They also demonstrated the explosive power of cherry bombs , among other things , using them to blow up large watermelons . In another setting , they showed how professional-grade and illegal fireworks often use faster-burning fuses , which do not give the person lighting enough time to get away . "  Parents need to exercise caution and make certain they 're buying fireworks that comply with their state and local and county ordinances , " Tenenbaum warned .	Consumer Product Safety Commission put warning on fireworks out Friday 70 percent of fireworks accidents occur between June 20 and July 20 , says CPSC Largest number of young people injured by fireworks are between 14 and 17
CNN  -- Singer Chris Brown broke his silence Sunday , a week after allegedly attacking his girlfriend , fellow performer Rihanna , on a street in Los Angeles , California . Chris Brown was arrested February 8 on suspicion of making criminal threats . "  Words can not begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired , " the 19-year-old said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  I am seeking the counseling of my pastor , my mother and other loved ones and I am committed , with God 's help , to emerging a better person . " He added , "  Much of what has been speculated or reported on blogs and/or reported in the media is wrong . While I would like to be able to talk about this more , until the legal issues are resolved , this is all I can say except that I have not written any messages or made any posts to Facebook , on blogs or any place else . Those posts or writings under my name are frauds . " Police are investigating the incident . A spokeswoman for the Los Angeles District Attorney 's Office said Wednesday the office needed more information before deciding on whether to charge Brown . Brown was arrested February 8 -- the day of the Grammy Awards , where he was scheduled to perform -- and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats , the spokeswoman said . Brown , who did not appear at the awards show , was released from jail that night on $ 50,000 bail and given a March 5 court date . Brown 's lawyer did not respond to repeated requests for comment . Police said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park early February 8 when they became involved in an argument . The woman "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker , " police said . Police did not identify the woman , but sources close to the couple told CNN the alleged victim was his girlfriend , the 20-year-old singer Rihanna , whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty . She has made no public comment . Her spokesman issued only a short statement on the evening of February 8 , when she canceled her performance at that night 's Grammy Awards . "  Rihanna is well , " her spokesman said at the time . "  Thank you for concern and support . " Police have refused media requests to hear the 911 call that led to their investigation . CNN 's Jennifer Wolfe and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	"  Words can not begin to express how sorry ... I am , " singer Chris Brown says Police : Brown surrendered February 8 after woman accused him of attacking her Police have n't named woman ; sources say it was girlfriend Rihanna District attorney 's office : Decision on whether to file charges not yet made
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A CIA contractor who killed two Pakistani men was released from jail Wednesday after compensation was paid to the victims ' families , the result of an intense diplomatic tug-of-war that strained ties between the United States and its all-important ally Pakistan . Raymond Davis -- who has now left Pakistan , according to a U.S. official not authorized to speak for attribution -- had been in jail since January . But the families of two men he killed forgave him , a government official said Wednesday . "  The families of the victims ... have pardoned Raymond Davis , " said Cameron Munter , the U.S. ambassador to Pakistan . "  I am grateful for their generosity . I wish to express , once again , my regret for the incident and my sorrow at the suffering it caused . " The U.S. official told CNN that Davis is now in Kabul , Afghanistan , for medical examination and rest . Davis ' wife in Colorado was notified of Pakistan 's decision soon after his departure from there , the source said . The episode illustrated U.S. consternation with Pakistan , and initially sparked rage in the Asian nation over the killings . The United States -- pressuring its key ally in the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban to release Davis -- at one point sent Sen. John Kerry to Pakistan to meet with officials there , and members of Congress told Pakistani leaders that billions of dollars in U.S. aid were in jeopardy unless Davis was released . It is not known who paid the compensation to the families , and there are conflicting reports over the amount . A lawyer closely connected to the case said the compensation was $ 1.4 million , but Punjab province law minister Rana Sanaullah said $ 2.34 million was paid to the legal heirs by the U.S. government . The U.S. official not authorized to speak for attribution insisted that the release of Davis was a decision made by the Pakistanis , and that there was "  no quid pro quo " between Washington and Islamabad . The official refused to comment on whether there was a exchange of so-called "  blood money . " It was Pakistani officials who worked with the family in making the arrangements for what is referred to as "  blood money , " the official told CNN . The United States "  did not sit across from the families " to work out an arrangement , but the official acknowledged there were "  interagency discussions and a policy decision " -- in other words a White House sign off -- for the United States to agree to the arrangement , the official said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said "  we are very grateful " for the decision of the families that enabled Davis "  to leave Pakistan and head home , " stressed that the U.S. government did n't pay any compensation to the families and she would n't say whether the Pakistanis or a third party did . "  We also have a Department of Justice investigation that has begun into what happened in Lahore . And we 've communicated our strong support for the relationship between Pakistan and the United States , which we consider to be of strategic importance , " Clinton said during a press conference Wednesday . Sanaullah first told Pakistani media Wednesday that the victims ' families did not want to press charges and added soon after that Davis was free to go . The statement came just hours after the American was charged with murder in connection with the January shootings . Sanaullah later said $ 1,169,500 was paid to 11 legal heirs of one victim and the same amount was paid to eight legal heirs of the others . Davis appeared in the Lahore court after the payment was made and was acquitted of the charges , in accordance with an Islamic practice known as diyat , or compensation , the lawyer said . "  Diyat , " a part of Islamic law that is enshrined in Pakistan 's penal code , allows victims to pardon a murderer with or without being paid "  blood money , " the former chief justice of Pakistan 's Supreme Court , Saeed U Zaman Saddiqi , told CNN . On a second charge , illegal possession of a firearm , Davis was fined $ 250 and sentenced to time already served , the lawyer noted . According to Davis , the January 27 shooting occurred after two men attacked him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , the U.S. Embassy has said . The United States had been seeking the release of Davis from a Lahore jail on the grounds that he has diplomatic immunity . But a high court in Pakistan refused Monday to decide whether the CIA contractor has diplomatic immunity , sending the case back to a lower court , the official Associated Press of Pakistan reported . The lower court had already ruled that Davis does not enjoy protected diplomatic status because neither he nor the Pakistani government has provided documents proving that he does . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and later revealed that he is a CIA contractor , intensifying the already highly charged situation . Pakistan is a key U.S. ally in efforts against al Qaeda and the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan , and the shooting deaths outraged many Pakistanis . CIA spokesman George Little said Wednesday the agency and its "  Pakistani counterparts have had a strong relationship for years . "  When issues arise , it 's our standing practice to work through them , " Little said in a statement . "  That 's the sign of a healthy partnership -- one that 's vital to both countries , especially as we face a common set of terrorist enemies . " The U.S. Justice Department has opened an investigation into the incident and department spokeswoman Laura Sweeney said it "  will take all necessary and appropriate law enforcement steps in our ongoing criminal investigation . " "  Due to the ongoing nature of this investigation , we are n't in a position to provide additional details at this time , " Sweeney said . In Highland Park , Colorado , Davis ' wife , Rebecca , spoke to reporters outside the couple 's home . She appeared relieved and animated about her husband 's possible return home within the next week or so . She told reporters that she would n't cry but she became tearful when she spoke about how U.S. government officials supported her , even staying in contact on Valentine 's Day and the couple 's anniversary . The couple met at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , she said . "  Everybody laughs about my intuition but I just knew in my gut that he would be home , " Rebecca Davis said . While in jail , he sent her letters saying , " ' I love you . I miss you . ' This is not something he would wish on his worst enemy , " she said . "  It was n't a pleasant thing , but it could have been so much worse , " Rebecca Davis said . CNN 's Pam Benson , Adam Levine and Michael Martinez and journalists Nick Paton Walsh and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : There are conflicting reports over the amount of the compensation A U.S. official insists there was no "  quid pro quo " between the American and Pakistani governments Raymond Davis is forgiven by the victims ' families , a minister says Davis says he shot two men in Lahore when he was attacked
CNN  -- The head of Australian soccer has vowed "  to throw the book " at the men charged with match-fixing in a lower league competition -- which has been described as the worst such scandal in the country 's sporting history . Nine people were arrested on Sunday , and six of them were charged in court Monday , including the coach of Victorian Premier League team Southern Stars , a group of his players and a Malaysian national . Five of those involved were British players who had been reportedly been offered to the Melbourne-based club at the start of the season on a non-payment basis . The Australian Football Federation  FFA  website said the arrests were made after it received data on suspicious betting patterns involving the Southern Stars in August , which it passed on to Victorian state police . "  Integrity measures put in place by football have been effective in detecting this activity , " FFA chief David Gallop told reporters Sunday . "  From the FFA 's point of view we 'll initiate proceedings under our own codes of conduct . You can be sure that we will throw the book at them . "  That means life bans on a worldwide basis . " Police said more than $ 2 million had been bet on the team , which is bottom of its division -- a second-tier competition below the national A-League . Gerry Gsubramanian , 45 , is accused of being the contact man for overseas betting syndicates who organized with the players the outcomes of matches . "  He receives phone calls . He is given advice on how the Southern Stars players are to perform , " Detective acting senior sergeant Scott Poynder told the court , according to the Australian Associated Press . "  Video showed some of the players were doing some unusually poor play . For that work he received payment . Some of the bets are in the hundreds of thousands of dollars . " Gallop said he had been told by police it was considered an "  isolated issue . " "  This highlights the fact that lower league games , which are n't under the scrutiny of things like a global television broadcast , are potentially more susceptible to this kind of activity , " Gallop said . "  At this stage the police have indicated to us that they are looking at an isolated issue in Victoria and we need to be guided by the police in that regard . " The controversy adds to a difficult year for Australian sport , which has been rocked by the drug scandals involving leading Australian Football League team Essendon as well as the country 's rugby league competition . "  This was flagged earlier this year by the Australian Crime Commission that there were links with organized crime , trafficking of performance-enhancing drugs and match-fixing , " journalist Jim Wilson of the Seven Network told CNN 's World Sport . "  People were saying there 's no match-fixing in Australian sport , and then this comes to light . It 's a lower grade competition ... but it 's the exotic betting and the middle-men involved that really sends shockwaves through Australian sport . "  Bets from India , Asia , Singapore , China on these local teams . I think you 'll find that there are other sports that will be investigated and are under the spotlight as far as the Australian Federal Police is concerned . "  I do n't think it 's just limited to football in this country . This is disturbing for Australian sport in general . "	Six people charged in Australian soccer match-fixing scandal Coach and players of Victorian league team among those involved Malaysian national accused of being contact man for overseas syndicates Journalist says scandal "  is disturbing for Australian sport in general "
CNN  -- Ted Ligety clinched top spot in the World Cup giant slalom  GS  standings for 2013 with a win at Kranjska Gora , Slovenia on Saturday . The American came in first in a combined time of 2 minutes 35.43 seconds , 0.45 seconds ahead of Austria 's Marcel Hirscher with Alexis Pinturault of France finishing third . Ligety 's fifth GS victory at the Slovenian resort sees him clinch a fourth crystal globe in the discipline adding to titles won in 2008 , 2010 and 2011 . "  This hill is awesome it has a little of everything to offer so to win here again is incredible and I 'm really proud of it , " Ligety said , fisalpine.com reported . "  Securing the GS title one race in advance is a big weight off my back . I had an awesome season in giant slalom but Hirscher was constantly with me the whole season . Even when I beat him by two seconds he was still there in second and it makes it tougher going for the title . It was a head game when he was so close all along , " Ligety added . Ligety now has 620 points to Hirscher 's 495 with only one race to go at Lenzerheide , Switzerland next weekend . The win caps a remarkable season for the 28-year-old from Salt Lake City which saw him claim three gold medals  GS , super G and super combined  at the World Championships in Schladming , Austria in February . The women 's GS event in Ofterschwang , Germany was won by Austria 's Anna Fenninger with overall World Cup winner Tina Maze of Slovenia finishing second . Germany 's Viktoria Rebensburg was third . Fenninger 's second successive World Cup win was secured in a time of two minutes 29.30 seconds , with Maze 0.44 seconds behind . "  I was quite surprised to see how fast I managed to ski in the second run , starting last " , Fenninger said , fisalpine reported . "  The conditions were n't as good as they were obviously in the first run . I 've been feeling really good in the last weeks . I skied with instinct and without too much thinking and it 's working again today . I 'm extremely happy about it , " the 23-year-old added . Maze , who surpassed Austrian Hermann Maier 's 13-year-old record for overall World Cup points last weekend , extended her tally to 2,154 points . The 29-year-old has also comfortably won the GS World Cup title having amassed 700 points to Fenninger 's 435 with one race to go .	America 's Ted Ligety secures World Cup giant slalom title with win in Slovenia Fifth GS career win at Kranjska Gora secures a fourth crystal globe in the discipline Women 's GS in Germany won by Austria 's Anna Fenninger ; Tina Maze finishes second
CNN  -- A train rammed into a flatbed truck carrying participants in a West Texas parade saluting U.S. troops , killing four people and injuring several others , a police spokesman said . The incident happened around 4:30 p.m. Thursday , during the "  Hunt for Heroes " event in Midland . According to the group Show of Support , these festivities -- including a banquet and , after that , an "  all expense paid whitetail deer hunt " -- are to honor members of all branches of the U.S. military . The last flatbed truck in the parade was crossing tracks when an eastbound train slammed into it , said Midland police spokesman Ryan Stout . Some people were able to jump off the truck in time . First responders found two dead at the scene , while two others were later pronounced dead at Midland Memorial Hospital , Stout said . Ten other people were treated and released at the hospital , while five remained hospitalized Thursday night , one of them in critical condition . Marine Corps Chief Warrant Officer 3 Gary Stouffer , 37 , and Army Sgt. Maj. Lawrence Boivin , 47 , were pronounced dead at the scene . Army Sgt. Joshua Michael , 34 , and Army Sgt. Maj. William Lubbers , 43 , died at Midland Memorial Hospital . Five others continue to be treated at University Medical Center in Lubbock . One remains in critical condition . Parade attendee : ` I 'm waving at these guys and then you ... find out this happened ' Authorities do n't yet know why the truck was on the tracks as the train arrived at the crossing , Stout said . The National Transportation Safety board will initiate an investigation Friday that will include review of video from a camera on the train . The gates and lights at the intersection were working at the time , and the train 's two-member crew sounded the horn prior to impact , according to Tom Lange , a spokesman for Union Pacific Railroad . The train included more than 80 rail cars carrying double-stacked containers , he said . The NTSB said it has not confirmed whether the crossing gates and signals were active at the time of the accident . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with family and friends of those affected , " Lange said , adding that Union Pacific employees are on site and more are heading that way to investigate . Lange said the train itself is operational and its crew was not injured . They are being offered counseling , he said .	NEW : Chief Warrant Officer Gary Stouffer and Sgt. Maj. Lawrence Boivin died at the scene NEW : Sgt. Joshua Michael and Sgt. Maj. William Lubbers died at a hospital The last truck in the parade is hit by a train , a police spokesman says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  It 's the queen 's diamond jubilee soon ! " I recently babbled excitedly to some of my American friends . "  Let 's have a party like we did for the royal wedding -- I 'll provide Union Jack hats and streamers , jugs of Pimm 's and a gargantuan amount of chocolate Hobnobs ! " There was barely a murmur in response . Just one year previously , they 'd been a stampede of Yanks at 5am on my doorstep , desperate to get prime position in front of the television as Kate walked up the aisle . "  You know , the queen ? " I battle on in my local Los Angeles coffee shop . "  Helen Mirren played her , remember ? She was Colin Firth 's daughter ? She 's the great-great-granddaughter of Judi Dench , when Judi was into Scotsmen and horses ? " None of my film tidbits cause a swirl of interest , despite my Hollywood crowd . In Tinseltown years , Queen Elizabeth II is about 405 -- roughly the same as Dumbledore , they imagine -- and far too old to get excited about . "  Will the princes be there ? " one Californian chum finally responds . "  Of course ! She 's their grandma ! " I reply indignantly . "  Well , in that case , " she nods , "  I 'm sure we 'll all be there . Any glimpse of those boys is worth getting up early and facing traffic for . " I must admit , after living as a Brit in America for seven years , I have found we share surprisingly few traits or interests . We Brits love Take That ; Americans have never heard of them . We crave a simple hot cup of tea with a splash of milk while they insist on adding ice cubes and a slice of lemon . We 're scared of guns , they 're scared of boobs . But one place where our old and new world tastes collide is with Prince Harry . "  Do n't you just love him ? " I hear as much as "  I love your accent ! " Watching my adopted homeland fall under the spell of the young royals has encouraged me to dismiss any cynicism I might have toward them  paying for a round of shots at Boujis , are we ? A skiing trip -- how lovely , I wish I could afford to get piste !  and embrace the great international marketing campaign they are doing for the UK right now . I admit feeling a smug superiority watching Jennifer Lopez fawn over Kate and William on their trip to my city last year . Our future monarch and his Mrs. have the X factor -- without the help of publicists , agents or Botox . Our history makes them dazzling , our traditions make them awe-inspiring . And combining that -- at last ! -- with great bone structure , a sense of humor and the slightly-common touch  thanks to Diana 's legacy and high street fashion  . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the duke 's naughty little brother are a triumvirate of British charm , to be exported all over the world as a symbol of our greatness , much like Downton Abbey . I love that Kate wears the same outfit time after time and does her own supermarket shopping ; I like that Wills enjoys a Sunday roast round "  Mike and Carol 's , "  his in-laws  adore Harry 's incessant need to take the mickey out of his brother , be it wearing a mask of his face on a fun run or asking him embarrassing questions in front of journalists . As much as I think the queen has done a brilliant job , and I look forward to celebrating her jubilee with glee , we have the kids to thank for the detoxification of this once staid , fusty old brand . And I 'm sure no one would agree more than Her Majesty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Ivens .	Sarah Ivens is a British journalist living in America Young royals have injected excitement into the royal family , Ivens argues Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Harry are triumvirate of British charm , she says
CNN  -- Defending champion Rafael Nadal crashed to a shock defeat by Ivan Ljubicic in the semifinals of the Indian Wells Masters tournament in California on Saturday . The unfancied Croatian 20th seed came from behind to beat the former world No. 1 3-6 6-4 7-6  7-1  in the outdoor hardcourt event , which the Spaniard also won in 2007 . The 31-year-old beat third seed Nadal for the second time in seven meetings , with his other victory back in 2005 . Ljubicic , who reached a career-high third in the world rankings in 2006 , will face American seventh seed Andy Roddick in Sunday 's final . Roddick defeated Swedish sixth seed Robin Soderling 6-4 3-6 6-3 in a showdown between two big servers in the later semifinal to earn his first shot at the Indian Wells title . Now ranked 26th , Ljubicic followed up his surprise win over world No. 2 Novak Djokovic in the fourth round to reach his first ATP Tour final since winning the Lyon tournament in October . The result ended Nadal 's strong return to form in his first tournament since retiring hurt in his Australian Open quarterfinal against Andy Murray in January .	Defending champion Rafael Nadal beaten by Ivan Ljubicic in semifinals of Indian Wells event Croatian 20th seed comes from behind to win 3-6 6-4 7-6  7-1  in California Ljubicic follows up his fourth-round victory over world No. 2 Novak Djokovic He will play American seventh seed Andy Roddick in Sunday 's final
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The then-senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee urged the CIA in 2003 not to destroy videotapes it had made of the interrogations of terrorist detainees , according to the newly declassified letter . Lawyers for several Guantanamo detainees say the government has defied orders to preserve evidence . Rep. Jane Harman wrote in a letter dated February 10 , 2003 , that destruction of the tapes would "  reflect badly on the agency . " The Democrat from California released the letter Thursday . Last month , the CIA acknowledged videotapes were made in 2002 of two terrorist detainees but were destroyed in 2005 . Some of the tapes showed the harsh interrogations of Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri . In the case of Zubaydah , the tactics captured on videotape included waterboarding , which simulates drowning , a controversial technique that critics consider a form of torture . Shortly after becoming the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee in 2003 , Harman was briefed on the CIA 's interrogation and detention program , and the existence of the videotapes . She was told of the intention to destroy the tapes once an internal inquiry into the program was complete . Harman wrote her letter to the CIA 's chief lawyer urging the agency to reconsider its plan . "  Even if the videotape does not constitute an official record that must be preserved under the law , the videotape would be the best proof that the written record is accurate , if such record is called into question in the future , " she wrote . The release of the letter comes a day after the Justice Department announced there is enough evidence to warrant a criminal investigation into the destruction of the CIA tapes . The inquiry will look into whether the CIA or other government officials committed crimes in the handling of the tapes . Congressional oversight committees are independently investigating the tape destruction . The House Intelligence Committee has subpoenaed Jose Rodriguez , the former head of the CIA covert service who sources say ordered the destruction of the tapes , to testify before the panel January 16 . CIA General Counsel John Rizzo , who opposed the tape destruction , has agreed to voluntarily appear before the committee . E-mail to a friend	Letter : Rep. Jane Harman said destroying tapes would "  reflect badly on " CIA Last month , the CIA acknowledged videotapes were made in 2002 Tapes showed the harsh interrogations of two terrorist suspects In one instance , a tape shows detainee undergoing waterboarding
Aleppo , Syria  CNN  -- They are so used to seeing blood outside Dar alShifa hospital , the magnet of all suffering in Aleppo , that passersby simply walk over it , oblivious . When they mop out the building 's tiny reception area , the blood runs in small , dirty streams into the gutters . This is a hospital trying to get by day-to-day while lacking the most basic in supplies . It has itself been hit by shelling : two separate attacks have left its right side punctured with gaping holes in what was once the maternity ward . One afternoon , a rush of the most frail and vulnerable come towards the exhausted doctors ; children , some suffering from sheer terror . One is malnourished . They have cuts , bruises -- but more often much worse . The government has , the doctors say , closed the main children 's hospital owing to a paperwork issue , so this is where they must come . Baby survives as family dies in Syrian onslaught Mohamed is aged eight and was hit by shrapnel from regime shelling in his right leg . It shattered his femur . In Europe , surgery would mean he 's playing football again within months , but here a list of precarious challenges form . He remains quiet , brave , patient almost , as the doctors work out what to do . The tough natural solution they hit on is a stark reminder of how desperate the task is of getting medical care to the wounded here in rebel-held territory . The government hospital has better equipment , and can probably save Mohamed 's leg . So , lifting him on the blankets they use as makeshift stretchers , they take him , bewildered and confused , into a nearby taxi to cross the front lines . His ordeal is far from over . It is perverse to know that only those who hurt him can also heal him . A Syrian family 's desperate story Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , whose face adorns plastic skeletons used as teaching aids and trash cans inside Dar alShifa , still controls the best hospitals and much of the most precious medical resource : doctors . One medic , terrified enough that he does n't want his face or voice on camera , is absurdly brave in the risks he takes every day to work in Dar alShifa . During the morning and afternoon , he works in the government hospital . But later , he too crosses the Line to come here . He paints a gruesome picture of caring for the Syrian regime 's soldiers . Fifty a day are brought in , he tells me . Some are so wounded the doctors make a decision , he says , that sounds like it is born of mercy and perhaps rebel sympathies . Those soldiers with the worst , perhaps unsurvivable , injuries are given lethal injections . He tells me : "  If they found out I was working here , they would kill me . " Slain journalist 's partner tells of grief Suddenly , a truck arrives outside and little Ahmad is rushed inside . His right ear is hanging on only by a small thread of skin . Shrapnel -- as indiscriminate when it lands as the means by which it is fired -- hit the back of his head . The doctors work to clean the wound , but , as too often is the case , the lights and power fail . He lies there as a doctor with a head torch tries to pull the shrapnel from his head . The anesthetic they gave is not enough to stop him screaming in pain . But this is not the worst that will befall Ahmad . As he lies there , outside in the back of a truck slumps his father Yahya , lifeless , a hole in his chest from the same shrapnel . "  Allahu Akbar " cry the men around his corpse . "  God is great . " They leave his body in the sidewalk until his brother arrives . Later his family will quickly drive the body away , so Ahmad can learn of his father 's death at a more dignified time .	Children have become some of the main casualties during the Syrian civil war Every hour , medical staff face dilemmas on how to ensure patients can be saved Doctor : Regime soldiers with worst , perhaps unsurvivable , injuries are given lethal injections Injured children are carried across front line to ensure better care in government hospitals
New York  CNN  -- A country with a Mediterranean climate and sparse snowfall , Israel is seldom considered a viable competitor in winter sports . So when Roman Zaretsky and his sister Alexandra take the ice in Vancouver on Friday , they will be skating for more than just a medal . The ice dancing pair hope to show the world that Israel can be a fierce competitor , no matter what the season . For Roman Zaretsky , 27 , the weather was never a deterrent and competing in the Winter Games was always the goal . "  I always knew I wanted to be in the Olympics , since I was 10 , " Zaretsky says . Zaretsky and Alexandra Zaretsky , 22 , who is called Sasha , were taught to skate by their mother when they were young . The siblings began ice dancing , a form of figure skating that focuses more on choreography and draws from the world of ballroom dancing . "  I do n't remember a moment of life without skating , " Roman Zaretsky said . "  In Russia , that was one of the biggest sports and then it kind of became my life slowly . Then we started skating together and it became our life . " The Zaretskys were born in Minsk , Belarus , under the former Soviet Union . Their family decided to leave the country as soon as it was possible and moved to Israel . They settled in Metula , a city near the Lebanese border , which boasts the country 's only regulation size ice rink . Metula held a number of challenges for the two young skaters . The Zaretskys often found themselves with little time on the ice , because they had to share it with other skaters and hockey players , who would come to the rink to practice . "  The ice time was not enough . We had 45 minutes a day and we need much more than that , " Sasha Zaretsky said . "  Usually one practice here is an hour and a half , so it 's not enough to become an Olympic athlete . " Living and practicing so close to Lebanon 's border also meant dealing with warfare and instability . They had to evacuate the area several times , and the ice rink itself was bombed three times while they were living there . Despite the difficulties , the pair continued training under their mother 's tutelage until she had taught them everything she knew . "  Our mom was coaching us until we reached the moment where she said , ` OK , I can not give you anymore , ' " Roman Zaretsky said . " ` You need to go somewhere else if you want to move on . ' " So in 2001 , when Roman was 17 and Sasha 13 , they left home for the United States , where , for the second time in their lives , they had to adjust to a new culture and learn a new language . They decided to settle in New Jersey , one of several East Coast states renowned for its excellent skating coaches . For the past three years , the Zaretskys have been coached by Galit Chait , a former Olympic ice dancer . Chait has known the siblings for a long time and even helped pave the way for their Olympic appearances . Along with her partner , Sergei Sakhnovski , Chait competed in Winter Games three times , including the 2002 Winter Olympics where she placed sixth overall . However , Chait and Sakhnovski did not receive much funding from the Israeli government in the beginning , and Chait 's parents often supported them . "  We were the pioneers . We did n't get money until we started placing and getting medals , " Chait said . "  Roman and Sasha have it a little bit better than we did . " Although funding is still hard to come by , Chait 's father , Boris , has provided the majority of the money for the Zaretskys . Training Olympic athletes can bear a hefty price , because there is also a lot of work done off the ice . In addition to a coach and booking time on the ice , a choreographer , a Pilates trainer , a stretch coach , a weight training coach , a masseuse and a costume designer are necessary . "  It is a project . It 's not only money , you become involved in the everyday life of these kids , " Boris Chait said . "  You become like a second father or a foster family . " But it is a project the Chait family is willing to undertake in order to help build a legacy in Israel and cater to the large percentage of the population from the former Soviet Union . Boris Chait believes Soviet culture , even when transplanted into a warm climate , is still intricately entwined with winter sports . He is confident that this segment of the country wants to see Israel compete in the Winter Games and he said he believes the Zaretskys can display Israel 's competitiveness in Vancouver this year . The siblings made their first Olympic appearance in 2006 , where they finished 22nd . They had only learned they had qualified two weeks before the ceremonies began and were in awe of the entire experience . This time , however , they feel confident they will do better . Their coach agrees . "  They 've been skating really well this year and it 's been a really good year for them , " Chait said . The Zaretskys recently placed seventh in the European Figure Skating Championships in Tallinn , Estonia , and have been practicing diligently for the Olympic Games in Vancouver . While they would love to bring home a medal , they are also grateful for the opportunity to represent their country . "  Our country never won an Olympic medal , so we 're hoping for a medal , but placing in the top 10 would be amazing , " Roman Zaretsky said . Win or lose , the Zaretskys are hoping to inspire kids back home to pick up the sport and to aim for the Olympics . "  Everything is possible , " Zaretsky said . "  If you want to be there , you 'll be there , so just work hard ! "	Brother and sister team is representing Israel in ice dancing Roman and Alexandra Zaretsky hope to inspire kids in Israel to take up the sport Born in Belarus , they moved to Israel , but came to U.S. for better training facilities They were 22nd at the 2006 games but feel they can do better in Vancouver
CNN  -- With his push for health care reform on the line , the president delivered a message of urgency to the public : President Bill Clinton , pictured in 1994 , greets members of a crowd following a speech on his health care reform plan . "  Do n't let the fearmongers , do n't let the dividers , do n't let the people who disseminate false information frighten the United States Congress into walking away from the opportunity of a lifetime . Tell the members of Congress you will support them . This is not partisan politics , " the president said . The date was August 1 , 1994 , and the voice behind the 11th-hour battle cry was then-President Clinton . Within weeks , that battle cry was reduced to a whimper of defeat as Congress tabled plans to vote on his legislation . As President Obama ratchets up the pressure on Congress to pass health care reform this year , he 's following in the footsteps of the 42nd president . From his prime time push to his town hall meetings , Obama is taking the same path as Clinton , but hoping for a different ending . Clinton and Obama faced similar climates . Both made health care their signature issue , even though most people were happy with their coverage and were more concerned with fixing the economy . Clinton presented Congress with a plan , whereas Obama instead presented broad guidelines and asked the lawmakers to come up with a bill . "  Much of the complaint about the Clinton-era attempt at this was how complicated it was , " said Candy Crowley , CNN 's senior political correspondent . "  That has not been a complaint this time . But in the overview , there was no doubt that the steady drumbeat of criticism started out at a fairly low level and just has come to this deafening roar , and that 's very much like it was in the resistance to the Clinton plan . " Like Clinton , Obama 's been accused of waffling on his proposals and failing to reach across the aisle . Following weeks of contentious town hall meetings , Obama this weekend appeared more flexible than ever on the idea of a government-sponsored , public health insurance option . Liberal Democrats have demanded a public option , but some conservatives call such a proposal a deal breaker . Obama has voiced his support for the public option but stopped short of calling it a necessity . At a town hall in Colorado this weekend , however , he called it "  just one sliver " of reform . "  The public option , whether we have it or we do n't have it , is not the entirety of health care reform , " he said . The White House was quick to insist that the administration 's stance has not changed , and sent talking points to congressional Democrats trying to ease concern about the public option . The administration has been "  boringly consistent " on the issue , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Watch : Is the White House changing its message ? " Clinton was accused of backtracking after he seemed to back down from his stated goal of universal coverage at a 1994 National Governors ' Association conference . Democrats protested and the White House insisted that the president 's words were misinterpreted . But those reading the tea leaves knew the effort was losing steam . Some Democrats distanced themselves from the president as the 1994 midterm elections neared . Clinton and other key Democrats tried to compromise with a scaled-down version of the president 's original plan , but the effort unraveled and eventually faded from the agenda . "  It 's the art of dealmaking , and it 's not surprising that they would both face this . In the face of huge outcry , presidents or politicians look for a compromise , " Crowley said . "  When you see the possibility that it could go down in flames , you look for ways to appease the critics of it , and both Clinton , and now it appears Obama , are trying to do that -- to find some way to pass something . " When Congress reconvenes after the August recess , lawmakers will return to a different climate on Capitol Hill , kindled by the protests of those who have been questioning Obama 's proposals . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , said last month that if Republicans can stop Obama on health care , "  it will be his Waterloo . " Clinton 's agenda was bruised following his health care defeat , but it was his party that was dealt the hardest hits . The Democrats lost control of Congress in 1994 for the first time in 40 years . It took another 12 years to get it back . Mary Matalin , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , predicted a repeat of history for Obama , should health care fail . "  What is right about conventional wisdom is , he 'll be fine , but the Democrats in Congress wo n't , " she said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And you are already hearing Democrats in Congress saying , ` This is deja vu . This is what happened with Bill Clinton . He makes us walk the plank , then we lose , ' as they did , " she said . Clinton acknowledged the political importance of a health care win in his speech before the Netroots Nation convention last week . Passing comprehensive health care legislation , he said , "  is not only the morally right thing to do . It is politically imperative for the Democrats to pass a health care bill now , because one thing we know and that I have lived through is that if you get out there and then you do n't prevail , the victors get to rewrite history . " Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville said that since it 's clear that Senate Democrats do n't have the 60 votes needed to get a full Senate vote , they should instead force Republicans to filibuster the bill . "  Then , you say , ` They 're the people that stopped it . We had a majority of Democrats . We had a good bill . They stopped it , ' " said Carville , a former adviser to Clinton . Republicans under the Clinton administration threatened to filibuster , but the warnings proved inconsequential , as the bill never got that far . As health care reaches a turning point for Obama , "  timing is everything , " Crowley said . "  It 's not an election year -- yet . To me , that works on Obama 's side , where it did n't with Clinton because the minute it becomes an election year , it 's just different , because congressmen , senators are looking at what their constituents are saying back home , and their jobs are on the line , " Crowley said . But that safety net wo n't hold for long , and Obama has only a few more months to show whether history will repeat itself or be rewritten . "  I think the time is critical for President Obama because at the end of the year , Congress goes off and takes a recess ... and so you end up having a pretty narrow time frame , and then when they come back in January -- guess what , it 's an election year , " Crowley said .	Bill Clinton , Obama both made health care their signature issue Both accused of backtracking from their original goals Obama at an advantage because lawmakers are n't facing re-election -- yet Clinton says it 's "  politically imperative " for Dems to pass a bill now
Kabul  CNN  -- On a hill overlooking the dusty , sprawling city of Kabul is a park where kids fly their kites . A dirty , beaten up Toyota sedan arrives , and Mohammad Nasim steps out wearing traditional Afghan garb -- a perahan tunban  tunic and pants  and a lungee  a headdress  . He 's traveled more than 300 kilometers  185 miles  from his home in Nangarhar province near the Pakistani border , a drive that has taken him at least five hours because the roads are so bad . He wants to tell his story after learning of the decision to transfer Bagram prison from U.S. to Afghan control . It 's a story that began almost a decade ago , a year after the September 11 , 2001 attacks against the United States by al Qaeda terrorists then based in Afghanistan under the protection of the Taliban , radical islamic fundamentalists dislodged from power by the U.S.-led war against terror that followed . "  At the beginning of the Karzai government we were at home , living our normal life , " he said . "  I was a farmer supporting my wife and kids . The police surrounded our house in October 2002 and said ` you 're involved with the Taliban , ' and they arrested me and took me to Bagram prison . " Nasim says many men in his town were rounded up that day . "  They accused me of being involved with the Taliban and attacking Jalalabad airport about 40 kilometers from my home , but I asked them , ` How was I involved in an attack on the airport when you arrest me in my house , with my family ? ' " Despite Nasim 's claim of innocence , U.S. records reveal he was in possession of rocket motors and other equipment when he was taken into custody -- an allegation he strongly denies . He was taken to Bagram Prison , which was at the time was run by the U.S. Defense Department , and claims he was tortured there . "  Yes , yes , I was tortured , " he said . "  They gave me electric shots on my wrists . I was hung from the ceiling for seven days . Our faces were masked , and we were handcuffed , hanging from the ceiling . Our legs were chained as well . " " As he explains his story he plays out the torture scenes , raising his arms into the air . "  A guard would keep shaking the chain so we could n't sleep for seven days , " he said . "  I completely lost my mind . I was hanging from the ceiling ; my body was aching . They would hit our heads into the wall . " Asked about Nasim 's allegations of torture at Bagram , a spokesman for the Department of Defense in Washington released a statement that did not specifically reference his claims , but said in part : "  DoD does not tolerate the abuse of detainees . All credible allegations of abuse are thoroughly investigated , and appropriate disciplinary action is taken when those allegations are substantiated . We take such matters very seriously . "  Although there have been substantiated cases of abuse in the past , for which U.S. service members have been held accountable , our enemies also have employed a deliberate campaign of exaggerations and fabrications . The suggestion that DoD personnel , the overwhelming majority of whom serve honorably , are or ever were engaged in systematic mistreatment of detainees is false and does not withstand scrutiny . " As we sat cross-legged in the dirt in the park , Nasim took in the panoramic view of Kabul , a city surrounded by rugged mountains amid a landscape so arid and dry -- and yet so beautiful . As he gazed out , almost lost in thought , I asked him if he thought he would survive his time in Bagram . He said , "  I felt completely hopeless . Some people inside killed themselves . I too had lost all hope . I thought I was going to die in there . " It was during this period that two Afghan prisoners , Habibullah and Dilawar who were also hung by their wrists , were beaten to death by U.S. soldiers in Bagram Prison in December 2002 . A U.S. military investigation later found that abuse had been widespread that year and the following . After five months in Bagram , Nasim was transferred to Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba as a "  medium-risk " prisoner . Guantanamo was not like Bagram , he said . "  Every prisoner had their own small room . We spent three months separately in confinement . After three months they took us up to camp 5 . It was difficult to cope but not as bad as Bagram . " After four and a half years in Guantanamo Bay , Nasim was finally released . "  An American woman said , ` we 're sorry , ' " he said . "  But what to do with their sorry ? I spent five years of my life there . I was innocent . You take me away from my family , my children . Who supported them while I was locked up ? I lost five years of my life . " " Nasim , who 's now 36 but looks at least a decade older , is still very upset about what hey says happened to him . He says he 's received no compensation and no formal apology . The father of five said , "  It made me feel like I wanted to go out and kill all of them . If somebody takes you to the prison for five years , how would you feel ? I was very angry . My hurt was blasting . " His level of anger has subsided over the years , but he believes the Americans and international forces need to get out of Afghanistan . "  This will be a better place once they 've all gone . We do n't need them . Afghans can run their own country , " he said .	Nasim says he was a farmer when police arrested him in 2002 and took him to Bagram prison He says he is innocent ; U.S. records say he was in possession of rocket motors He claims he was tortured at the prison : "  I was hung from the ceiling for seven days " Nasim says the Americans and international forces need to get out of Afghanistan
CNN  -- It was a horrifying front-page photo in every sense of the word . It felt cheap , degrading and exploitative in a way that words could never match . The photo captures a Queens man , Ki-Suck Han , after he had been pushed onto the subway tracks Monday as an oncoming train roared toward him . The screaming headline says it all : "  DOOMED . " But the New York Post had every right to run the picture . This is what tabloids do -- milk tragedy for every ounce of emotional impact . No New York straphanger should have been surprised to see the photo . Perspective : ` Outraged ' at NY subway death photo A typical reaction : "  Sickening rubber-necking front page from the New York Post . Imagine how this man 's family feels , " tweeted an editor at The Guardian . That , of course , is the normal human response . It also explains why Rupert Murdoch 's paper did it , knowing that everyone in New York would be gripped by the image . Watch : Is the New York Post harassing Alec Baldwin in alleged stalker case ? No one would dispute that the story is newsworthy . It is , in fact , every New Yorker 's nightmare . Perhaps you have to have spent much of your life crowding onto narrow platforms with total strangers and trying to squeeze onto overcrowded subway cars , to understand the every-day fear that you could be groped , mugged or pushed into danger . Watch : Fox 's Roger Ailes courted David Petraeus for possible presidential run Why , then , the visceral sense of revulsion ? It 's fine to look down your nose at the New York Post for showing such a horrific picture , to say it was grossly unethical . But what about all the media outlets that show equally horrific pictures from war zones ? We 've seen bloodied children in Gaza , Pakistani police machine-gunned by the Taliban , bodies being thrown off roofs in Syria . And we 're horrified by a picture of a man who is about to die in New York ? What 's the difference ? Is it any worse because it happens in the United States ? The truth is that this picture seems more monstrously unfair because we can easily imagine being in the victim 's place . We may complain about it , but if it 's so clearly out of bounds , why have so many websites and television networks now run it ? For the Post to run it was unfair to Han 's family , but the media do n't usually worry about such things . It was accurate and captured an important story . Watch : Are TV newsbabes dressing sexy for ratings ? It was insensitive -- hard to imagine the photo running in The New York Times -- but people buy the Post for punch-in-the-gut tales , for the "  headless body in topless bar , " not for astute foreign policy analysis . The story is so sickening that we want to turn away but ca n't . The picture makes us so uncomfortable that we 're mad at the Post for inflicting it on us . There are pictures of murder victims in the paper every day , part of the sad toll of urban life . But the difference is that we 're not watching them being shot or stabbed . Watch : Media embrace cop who bought boots for homeless man One aspect of this tale that makes my blood boil is the role of the freelance photographer , R. Umar Abbasi . Instead of snapping two pictures of a man about to die , why did n't he try to pull him to safety ? Abbasi claims he hoped the flash would warn the subway driver . I 'm not buying it . His first instinct was to record death , not prevent it . Every editor has to strike a balance between depicting ugly reality and the sensibilities of readers and viewers . There are those who believe that the American media should run more pictures of dead or wounded soldiers , that we -- especially in television news -- sanitize war by shying away from showing its victims . Would I have run the front-page photo of Han ? No way . But the New York Post has a different mission , to shock and sensationalize , especially when it comes to crime . On that point , the tabloid succeeded , which is why so many people are angry -- and everyone is buzzing about it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : New York Post ran degrading , exploitative pic of man about to be hit by subway Human response is one of horror , and reason paper did it : to grip New Yorkers , he says He says it 's newsworthy for a tab , but worse offense is photog who did n't seem to help Kurtz : Post sensationalizes to sell papers and succeeded , but he would n't have run it
CNN  -- Four Boy Scouts who died Wednesday when a tornado swept through a wilderness camp were remembered for the very qualities that had brought them to the camp in the first place . Clockwise from top left : Sam Thomsen , 13 ; Josh Fennen , 13 ; Aaron Eilerts , 14 ; and Ben Petrzilka , 14 . Josh Fennen , 13 , Sam Thomsen , 13 , Ben Petrzilka , 14 , and Aaron Eilerts , 14 , were among 93 Boy Scouts who were chosen by their troop leaders to attend leadership training this week at the Little Sioux Scout Ranch outside Omaha , Nebraska . In addition to the deaths , 48 Scouts and staff members were injured . Friends on Thursday described the fallen Scouts as multitalented , dedicated teens whose enthusiasm for life was matched only by their passion for Scouting . Aaron Eilerts ' best friend described him as a "  kindhearted " person who took his commitment to Boy Scouts very seriously . "  He would do anything that you asked him to do , " Colby Gochanour , told CNN 's Larry King . "  He just helped people . " As a member of the Humboldt Boy Scout Troop No. 108 in Eagle Grove , Iowa , Aaron used his own money to make pillowcases for hospital patients , Gochanour said . He tried to donate the pillowcases to hospitals during a family vacation to Memphis , where he visited the home of Elvis , one of his heroes , according to a story that was published in the Eagle Grove Eagle last year . Aaron extended the same dedication to making fleece blankets for the Humane Society , according to the Omaha World-Herald . "  He embodied everything Scouting stands for , " Dawn Sievertsen , principal of Robert Blue Middle School in Eagle Grove , Iowa , told the newspaper . "  He would start these projects to earn badges , but took them very seriously and would continue them long after he earned the badge . " People who knew Josh Fennen of Omaha said he used many of the skills he learned in Scouting in everyday life . "  We 'd go hiking . He was a good hiker . He knew what to do , how to start fires and good with pocketknives , " Josh 's best friend , Jack Cormaci , told affiliate KETV . "  He 'd always be there when you needed him , always playing outside . " Jeff Alfrey , the principal at Andersen Middle School , where Josh recently finished eighth grade , described Josh as inquisitive and confident , with natural leadership qualities , according to the Omaha World-Herald . "  He was a good student , a hard worker , and he was always trying to be creative , " Alfrey told the newspaper . Sam Thomsen , who was days away from his 14th birthday , divided his time among the Boy Scouts , sports , home-schooling and the Southwest Church of Christ , according to the Omaha World-Herald . Sam 's Facebook page , where he last wrote , "  Sam is ready for a week in the great outdoors , " lists his interests as Jesus , football , video games and the Roadrunners , a basketball team for home-schooled children , according to the newspaper . "  He was always just full-board with everything he did , whether it be church or Boy Scouts or sports , " Dr. Jim White , pastor of Southwest Church of Christ , told Larry King . "  He always had a wonderful , engaging smile on his face . " Ben Petrzilka , who just finished seventh grade at Mary Our Queen Catholic School , was remembered as kind and caring . "  He always gave it his best effort . It is a very devastating loss to the school , " principal Kayleen Wallace told the newspaper . A candlelight vigil was scheduled for Thursday evening at the Durham Scout Center in Omaha , the Boy Scouts said .	Teens who died in tornado said to embody the values of the Boy Scouts Two 13-year-olds , two 14-year-olds killed ; three from Nebraska , one from Iowa Friends describe fallen Scouts as enthusiastic , hard-working , dedicated Candlelight vigil set for Thursday night in Omaha
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- For the second time in less than two weeks , a prominent Pakistani is offering a six-figure bounty to anyone who kills the man who produced "  Innocence of Muslims , " a film that has offended many Muslims throughout the world . Former Pakistani lawmaker Ikramullah Shahid told demonstrators protesting the movie in Peshawar on Monday that he 'd pay $ 200,000 to anyone who kills the filmmaker , according to Siraj Ul Haq , a senior leader of the religious group that organized the rally . Read more : Pakistani minister personally offers reward for anti-Islam filmmaker 's death More than 15,000 protestors participated in a peaceful protest , Haroon Khan , a senior Peshawar police official , told CNN . Nine days ago , current Pakistani Railway Minister Ghulam Ahmad Bilour personally offered a $ 100,000 reward to anyone who would kill the filmmaker . Bilour clarified to CNN he was speaking for himself and not as a government representative . After he posed the initial bounty , Bilour was asked whether he was concerned about committing or condoning a crime as a government official . "  I am a Muslim first , then a government representative , " Bilour said . Read more : Producer of anti-Islam film arrested , ordered held without bail He said he invited the Taliban and al Qaeda to carry out the assassination . Sen. Zahid Khan , a spokesman for Bilour 's political party , said the minister 's action is not representative of the Awami National Party . "  We believe in nonviolence . How could we make such announcements ? " Khan said . "  Our party has been fighting against militancy and extremism for years . How could we invite Taliban and al Qaeda to kill someone ? Taliban and al Qaeda are our enemies who have killed our loved ones . " Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf also condemned the bounty issued by Bilour , according to his spokesman . Neither of the prominent Pakistanis offering bounties mentioned the filmmaker by name . U.S. officials say Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , an Egyptian-American Coptic Christian , is behind the privately produced film . Nakoula was arrested last week in California and accused of violating his probation on a bank fraud conviction . He was ordered held without bail Thursday . Photos : Anti-U.S. demonstrations worldwide Members of his family have left their California home and gone into hiding amid the at-times violent worldwide protests , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department has said . "  Innocence of Muslims " is n't eliciting strong responses only in traditionally Muslim countries . In Russia on Monday , in the latest in a series of legal moves , Moscow 's Tverskoi Court declared the film "  extremist , " according to state media RIA Novosti . Russian courts expect to reach a full ruling on the movie this Friday , RIA Novosti reports . Last Friday , a court in Grozny , the capital of Russia 's mainly Islamic Republic of Chechnya , ruled against widespread distribution of the film , RIA Novosti said . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	A former Pakistani lawmaker says he 'll pay $ 200,000 for the filmmaker 's death Pakistan 's railway minister is offering a $ 100,000 bounty His party condemns his action , saying it opposes militancy and extremism
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday that U.S. intelligence has had considerable success , but that the botched Christmas Day attack shows "  the system has failed " in a major way . "  When a suspected terrorist is able to board a plane with explosives on Christmas Day , the system has failed in a potentially disastrous way , " Obama said at the White House in a statement to reporters . The president used even stronger language in a private meeting in the Situation Room with top aides , a senior administration official said . "  This was a screw-up that could have been disastrous , " he said , according to the official . "  We dodged a bullet , but just barely . " Tragedy was averted "  by brave individuals , not because the system worked , and that is not acceptable . While there will be a tendency for finger pointing , I will not tolerate it , " the senior official quoted Obama as saying . In his public comments , the president said that U.S. intelligence had uncovered numerous "  red flags " prior to the attack . "  The U.S. government had sufficient information to have uncovered this plot and potentially disrupt the Christmas Day attack , but our intelligence community failed to connect those dots , which would have placed the suspect on the no-fly list , " Obama said . "  In other words , this was not a failure to collect intelligence ; it was a failure to integrate and understand the intelligence that we already had , " the president said . "  The information was there , agencies and analysts who needed it had access to it , and our professionals were trained to look for it and to bring it all together . " Obama said he could accept the imperfect nature of intelligence work , "  but it is increasingly clear that intelligence was not fully analyzed or fully leveraged , " he said , adding : "  That 's not acceptable , and I will not tolerate it . " According to authorities , Nigerian-born Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , made its approach to Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . He faces federal charges . AbdulMutallab had a multiple-entry U.S. visa . His father , a leading banker in Nigeria , warned U.S. authorities before the attack that his son might be involved with Islamic extremists , but the information failed to prompt a response such as canceling the visa . In his address , the president listed steps so far to enhance security , including more airport screening and tighter monitoring of U.S. visa holders . In one step , senior State Department officials told CNN on Tuesday that new criteria for information collected on possible terrorists would make it easier to ban them from U.S.-bound flights . Speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the material , the officials said the United States has lowered the threshold for information considered important enough to put suspicious individuals on a no-fly list or revoke their visas . If the new criteria had been in place before Christmas , AbdulMutallab would have been added to the no-fly list , the officials said . Obama said he ordered his national security team to complete preliminary reviews of the situation this week so that suggested reforms can be implemented right way . "  Time and again we 've learned that quickly piecing together information and taking swift action is critical to staying one step ahead of a nimble adversary , " Obama said . "  So we have to do better , and we will do better , and we have to do it quickly . American lives are on the line . " Obama reiterated , however , his intention to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  We will close Guantanamo prison , which has damaged our national security interests and become a tremendous recruiting tool for al Qaeda , " Obama said . "  In fact , that was an explicit rationale for the formation of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . " Critics of the Guantanamo transfers have raised concerns over political instability in Yemen and the presence of al Qaeda on the Arabian Peninsula , noting that some previous detainees released to Yemen by the Bush administration have renewed their terrorist ties . Obama repeated an earlier statement by his spokesman that transferring Yemeni detainees at Guantanamo back to Yemen would be halted for now . "  Given the unsettled situation , I 've spoken to the attorney general and we 've agreed that we will not be transferring additional detainees back to Yemen at this time , " Obama said . Earlier in the day , the president met with FBI Director Robert Mueller , Attorney General Eric Holder and Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , an administration official said . The group was to have discussed possible changes to terror watch lists , as well as accountability by responsible authorities . The president met with Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan for 90 minutes on Monday and was scheduled to meet with him again Tuesday , the official said . Brennan gave Obama an update on his review of the terror watch listing system . Tuesday 's meetings were held just hours after the reopening of the U.S. Embassy in Yemen . It had been closed after intelligence suggested that four al Qaeda operatives could have been planning an attack on the compound , a senior administration official said Monday . Authorities say AbdulMutallab may have received training in Yemen from the terrorist group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A statement posted on the Embassy 's Web site said "  successful counterterrorism operations " conducted by Yemeni security forces Monday north of the capital , Sanaa , addressed "  a specific area of concern and have contributed to the Embassy 's decision to resume operations . " Yemen 's state-run news agency , SABA , reported Monday that two al Qaeda suspects were killed and two others were injured in clashes with a Yemeni anti-terrorism unit . FBI investigators "  gleaned usable , actionable intelligence " from AbdulMutallab in the hours after his arrest , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Gibbs declined to elaborate on the nature of the intelligence . CNN 's Dan Lothian and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	"  We dodged a bullet , but just barely , " official quotes Obama as saying President made comments during and after meeting with security officials on alleged terror plot Obama calls for preliminary reviews this week , then immediate reforms
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian officials say a terrorist explosion is the most likely cause of the derailment of an express train which killed at least 26 people and injured dozens more . The head of the Russian Railroads company Vladimir Yakunin told state TV Saturday that investigators ' "  main theory behind the accident is the blast of an unidentified explosive device conducted by unidentified persons -- simply speaking , a terrorist act . " State TV also quoted survivors who said they heard a blast moments before the train derailed . The Russian prosecutor 's office is investigating whether the crash was caused by a terrorist attack , spokeswoman Marina Gridneva said . Police said they found a small crater beneath the tracks . But authorities were also looking into the possibility there was a technical fault on the track . Health Minister Tatyana Golikova said 96 people were injured , while the Russian prosecutor 's office said 102 were hurt . Forty of the injured were in critical condition , Golikova said . Eighteen people were still listed as missing after the Friday night crash , said Sergei Shoigu , the Russian minister for emergency situations . A total of 681 people -- 20 of them employees -- were on the Nevsky Express as it traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on Friday night . The Nevsky Express is Russia 's fastest train , equivalent to a bullet train . The crash happened at 9:25 p.m.  1825 GMT  when the train was 280 kilometers  174 miles  from St. Petersburg , Russian state radio said . At least three carriages carrying more than 130 people derailed and turned on their sides , and emergency workers were working to free anyone who may still be trapped inside . The crash happened 44 minutes after another high-speed train , the Sapsan , had successfully traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on the same rails , a representative of the Russian Transport Police said during a video conference call Saturday . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Shoigu of the emergency situations ministry also took part in the call . Shoigu said he would get more information as the derailed cars are lifted and authorities can see what is underneath . In August 2007 , an explosion on the tracks derailed the Nevsky Express , injuring 60 people in what authorities called a terrorist act . Some 27,000 passengers on 60 trains were facing delays Saturday as a result of the accident , Russian State TV reported . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	Russian officials say terrorist explosion is most likely cause of derailment of express train At least 26 people killed and 100 hurt in derailment between Moscow and St. Petersburg State TV quotes survivors who said they heard blast moments before the train derailed
New Delhi  CNN  -- In New Delhi 's upscale diplomatic district , Ram Dhan lives in a parallel world . For years , his home has been a rickety shanty that he shares with his ailing wife , a young son , a daughter-in-law and two grandchildren . Now 62 , Dhan has lived through India 's journey as an independent nation . He finds little reason to rejoice as the country celebrates Monday , the 64th anniversary of freedom from British rule . "  The poor have hardly benefited , " he says . Sitting on a cot in his shack huddled in a squalid slum in one of the richest neighborhoods of the Indian capital , he bitterly recalls how flooding in his native village ravaged his ancestral land way back in 1978 and forced him to move to the city in search of work . But today , Dhan says , the family of six can barely manage $ 130 a month . "  This is no development ... or growth . I think we have moved backwards , " he says . Dhan typifies the hand-to-mouth existence millions of Indians still live despite the nation 's rise as Asia 's third-largest economy . In a speech on the eve of his country 's independence in 1947 , India 's first prime minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , made an impassioned call to fight and end "  poverty and ignorance and disease . " Sixty-four years later , his successors accept that that fight is far from over . "  We have to banish poverty and illiteracy from our country . We have to provide the common man with access to improved health services , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in his annual Independence Day address Monday . According to the World Bank , India is home to one-third of the world 's poor . Corruption , policymakers have agreed over the years , is a major culprit . "  Corruption manifests itself in many forms , " Singh said in what has been a refrain by Indian planners on the chronic scourge . "  In some instances , funds meant for schemes for the welfare of the common man end up in the pocket of government officials . In some other instances , government discretion is used to favor a select few . There are also cases where government contracts are wrongfully awarded to the wrong people . We can not let such activities continue unchecked . " Singh 's remarks came ahead of a hunger strike anti-corruption activists have planned to press for an anti-graft law stronger than the legislation introduced in Parliament this month to create a citizen ombudsman . Indian leaders concede no single measure will work to combat corruption , which is believed to be deeply entrenched in the system . "  I believe that there is no single big step which we can take to eradicate corruption . In fact , we will have to act simultaneously on many fronts , " Singh said . He disapproved of hunger strikes as a means to push demands . As India 's finance minister , Singh unleashed economic reforms in the 1990s that dismantled stiffening regulations and opened the nation to foreign capital . This year , India also marked another milestone event : the 20th anniversary of liberalization . But the occasion has been clouded by massive corruption scandals in Singh 's administration and a rigid inflation crushing impoverished groups and the country 's growing middle-class alike . Criticism is mounting against the nation 's political establishment . "  The twin monsters India faces today are inflation and corruption , both of which could derail the India growth story . To keep that story going , today 's dysfunctional political class will need to radically re-invent itself , " wrote the Times of India in an editorial headlined "  Batting at 64 . " India 's marginalized communities often feel forced to compromise skills that are key to eliminating poverty . Fears haunt Dhan that his grandchildren , like his son , also might not be able to achieve higher education if economic conditions at home do not improve . And Dhan 's cab-driver son , Ashok Kumar , leaves it to luck . "  I am trying my best to see that my children do n't face the same circumstances that I went through . I am putting my best efforts . The rest is their luck , " Kumar said .	India is marking its 64th anniversary of freedom from British rule "  The poor have hardly benefited , " says one man Prime Minister Manmohan Singh admits much needs to be done for the "  common man " Policymakers have agreed over the years that corruption is a major factor
It 's not easy being Jordan and it is about to become even more difficult , again . Sandwiched in between Iraq and Syria , Jordan 's destiny seems to be one of a constant struggle for survival . This violent storyline was written over a decade ago during the Iraq war . The latest outbreak of violence after ISIS swept through Mosul and beyond has Jordan 's inner circle and the business community drawing up worst scenarios , with Syria and Iraq representing bookends of trouble . Jordan is now home to more than 1.3 million Syrian refugees , half absorbed during the last 24 months . As a sign of the times , on a video shoot down to the Mafraq region two hours south Amman , we saw scores of second hand UNHCR tents that are now being utilized by Bedouins . The refugee crisis is costing Jordan $ 3 billion a year , about a quarter of the kingdom 's annual budget expenditure , according to Finance Minister Umayya Toukan . In an interview in Amman , the former central banker made some strong statements , albeit delivered in his affable , soft-spoken manner . "  The extraordinary burden of the Syrian crisis , as well as any potential regional crisis including the Iraqi situation , should also be met by the international community , " Toukan told me . "  There should be much more international assistance . " Youth unemployment of over 24 % is keeping pressure on the government . Syrians are now competing against Jordanians for low-paying jobs , whether in hospitality or light manufacturing . Toukan said a half billion dollars in total was received last year between the U.S. and Saudi Arabia . While the government is appreciative of that support and loan guarantees to help lower the debt burden , in reality it is not enough to plug a gaping hole in Jordan 's finances . The budget deficit is running above 9 % of GDP , although government officials suggest growth of 5 % would have been possible without Iraq factored in . But Iraq is now very much part of the equation . Oil imports have been cut off for the past few months as violence has escalated . A sizeable $ 1.8 billion oil export pipeline from Basra in southern Iraq to the Red Sea Jordanian port of Aqaba may be delayed , sources suggest , due to the violence . King Abdullah 's master plan for growth has been subject to a series of setbacks . Jordan signed a free trade agreement with the U.S. in 2000 , the same year it joined the World Trade Organization . He is often referred to in the Davos community as the business friendly monarch , who remains a close ally of Washington , London and Brussels . But , members of his cabinet suggest , the King 's role as a voice of moderation in a zone of chaos should not be taken for granted . "  We feel we are not getting enough to continue to play our moderating role in the region and meeting the needs of all those refugees is not only a humanitarian issues , it also neutralizes any extremist tendencies , " said Toukan . WATCH MORE : The effects of the Iraq insurgency READ MORE : Iraq violence disrupts OPEC agenda WATCH MORE : Jordan braces for regional crisis	Jordan is sandwiched between troubled countries including Syria and Iraq It is now home to more than 1.3 million refugees , half from the last 24 months Its finance minister Umayya Toukan says international help is urgently needed
CNN  -- Oppressed by war and poverty for generations , the Sudanese have struggled with terrible hardships . But the people of this vast country have a narrow window of hope to achieve progress by ridding both their nation and the world of a horrible disease forever . With support from The Carter Center and others in one small targeted area where cases remain , Sudan -- the last stand for Guinea worm disease -- could quickly eliminate this parasitic infection contracted from contaminated drinking water . Guinea worm victims endure the horror of a thin worm , up to 3 feet  1 meter  long , emerging slowly through a burning blister in their skin over the course of about a month after the parasite has incubated inside them for a year . This can be stopped by educating people to filter all drinking water and to stay out of water sources when they have a worm emerging to keep it from discharging new larvae back into the water . Click to see Guinea worm disease : Then and now Because the worm requires a human host , it is within our control to eradicate it . Poised to become only the second disease eradicated from Earth besides smallpox -- which had different challenges -- Guinea worm cases have been reduced from about 3.5 million in 20 nations in 1986 to about 3,200 in 2009 . Eighty-six percent of remaining cases in the world are in Southern Sudan , where violence continues to threaten the population and health workers . The few other cases are in Ghana , Mali and Ethiopia . I recently returned to Southern Sudan to visit an endemic Guinea worm village and met with ministers of health from Northern and Southern Sudan , who are assisted in their Guinea worm eradication effort primarily by The Carter Center and other partners , including the World Health Organization , UNICEF , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Sudan has reduced its cases by 98 percent since the eradication program began there in 1995 , and we expect even greater reductions in 2010 . But continuing insecurity is a major concern . In 2009 , Guinea worm workers were forced at least 32 times to remain in their homes or offices or had to be evacuated temporarily because of violence or threatened violence , and areas affected by violence reported at least half of all cases last year . The greatest periods of progress have been when violence abated -- during a cease-fire lasting almost six months that I negotiated between Northern and Southern Sudan in 1995 to initiate the Guinea worm program there , and since the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement . Also challenging is the slow pace of providing safe drinking water in endemic villages , only 16 percent of which have even one safe water source . The campaign has hinged on providing cloth filters , health education , and a mild insecticide to kill the parasite in water . This has been effective in bringing us to the brink of eradication , albeit slowly . But wherever possible , creating new sources of clean groundwater can accelerate elimination , with the added benefit of preventing many other water-based maladies . This is just one example of how investing in disease prevention and eradication can strengthen the foundation for progress in developing nations . Across Africa , Guinea worm eradication workers have blazed new trails to prevent the disease in remote villages . Likewise , networks of thousands of volunteer health care workers have been created to identify cases , deliver cloth water filters , and ensure that their infected neighbors do not step into a water source . They form the backbone of a rudimentary health care delivery system that is both low cost and effective in fighting other diseases , too . A war waged to vanquish the fiery serpent No one is working harder to eradicate Guinea worm disease than the Sudanese themselves . Sudan has a corps of more than 13,500 passionate and dedicated volunteer health workers -- foot soldiers of Guinea worm eradication under the very capable direction of the Southern Sudan Ministry of Health and supported by 41 Sudanese and expatriate technical assistants from The Carter Center . Whatever the outcome of April 's national elections in Sudan and the referendum on national unity in Southern Sudan next January , ridding their nation of Guinea worm disease will show the world what Southern Sudanese can do when they are not distracted by war . This will be an important victory for Sudan and the world . With a little more help from their global neighbors , this achievement could be within reach very soon .	Jimmy Carter : Sudanese have chance to rid nation and world of a horrible disease Guinea worm sufferers endure 3 foot-long worm emerging painfully from skin , he writes The Carter Center helping Sudan with education , eradication efforts Sudanese have been most successful during periods of relative peace , Carter says
Bonneville Salt Flats , Utah  CNN  -- Nobody ever said clinching a land speed record would be easy . Danny Thompson knew that when he started going for the spot in racing history 's record book that had always eluded his father , Mickey , the famous Speed King . Danny was ready for Speed Week at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah . He 'd taken his streamliner , Challenger 2 , up to 317 mph at trials . He 'd added some engine power and now he was restless , itching for his turn at the starting line . Speed Week was to be the first of several testing grounds as Thompson pushed his little metal "  cigar on wheels " past 400 mph , past 450 mph , maybe even past 500 mph . He knows she 's fast . He just does n't know how fast yet . And then it started to rain . And rain . And rain some more . On Saturday , racing officials announced that the 2014 Speed Week -- the 100th at Bonneville -- was canceled . The salt is riddled with puddles and just too soggy for racing . The letters CANCELLED apeard in big capital letters on the Southern California Timing Association 's website , along with this advisory : "  The SCTA Board is currently on the salt , and has determined that the standing water will not dry in time for us to hold our annual Speed Week event . " For Danny Thompson , who is 64 , it was 1968 all over again . That was the year his dad was going to snag the record until the rains turned the salt flats into a lake . "  It 's d  j vu , " he told CNN , which has followed his journey to Bonneville . "  It 'll dry out . We 're not giving up . It 's just a little hitch in the giddy-up . " What drives Danny Thompson ? Danny was just a kid when his dad , Mickey Thompson , became the first American to go faster than 400 mph at Bonneville . That was in 1960 , when Mickey clocked 406.6 . But to enter the official record books , a driver has to make the return trip along the 7-mile course within an hour , and the average of the two speeds is taken . Mickey 's Challenger 1 broke down on the return trip . Mickey 's second car , which he called the Autolite Special or "  flying needle , " clocked 411 mph during a test run in 1968 . Mickey knew this car was fast : "  On the right course , in the right conditions , I 'm certain my car will run 500 mph , " he told Auto Racing magazine at the time . "  I look forward to driving it at 500 . " But the flying needle never ran at Bonneville . The rain saw to that , and the streamliner went into storage that November . Sponsors moved on to other projects and it was all but forgotten . Two decades later , Mickey approached his son about going for the speed record at Bonneville . Mickey was pushing 60 by then , and Danny was in his 30s . But Mickey , who had been fighting in court with a former business partner , was gunned down in his driveway just weeks later . For a while , it seemed as if the dream died with him . But about four years ago , Danny decided to go for it . He cashed in everything he owned , sold off a couple of Mickey 's old cars , and started work on Challenger 2 in a garage in Huntington Beach , California . This was going to be his year . Still could be , if it ever stops raining . "  It cost us 20 grand to come up , " he said , disappointed that he did n't get to run the Challenger , but far from discouraged . "  We 'll just have to find more money and come back up here . " The SCTA board is talking about extending its next event , World Finals , from September 30 to October 3 to make up for lost time during Speed Week . Danny Thompson has come this far . People who know him say he 's unstoppable now . Follow Thompson 's web site for updates Thompson is philosophical , pointing out that it took the current land-speed record holder , George Poteet , 10 years to get there in his Speed Demon . Even then , the needle has has n't moved very far in half a century -- from Mickey 's 406.6 to Poteet 's 439 mph . "  Any study of the history of land speed racing reveals it is an endeavor fraught with difficulties and frustrating disappointment , " a friend posted on Danny Thompson 's Facebook page on Friday night . He continued , "  It certainly wo n't be easy , and there may be real moments of drama . But I , like a whole lot of people , believe in Danny and his dream . And it 's become our dream , too . When you shake his hand , you can know you 're not wasting your time . He is a true champion ... Now go get what you came for . "	Danny Thompson hoped to break land speed record for piston engine Speed Week at Bonneville Salt Flats was canceled Saturday because of bad weather Thompson vows to return with Challenger 2 , which he built He is the son of the first American to break the 400 mph mark
CNN  -- Of all the inhumane conditions in the detention of immigrants , the most serious is simply the condition of being locked up . Detention means that parents are taken from their children and shipped hundreds of miles away to jails where visits are impossible . Immigrants who have lived in the United States for nearly their whole lives lose their jobs , their homes , and their livelihoods while locked up in Immigration and Customs Enforcement jails , trying to fight deportation to a country they do n't even remember , often without even a lawyer to help guide them through the complicated morass of immigration law . That is why it was good news to learn that hundreds of immigrants returned home to their communities and families after being released by Immigration and Customs Enforcement from detention centers across the country last week in anticipation of the federal budget cuts This action is moving us , as a nation , in the right direction . Locking up thousands of immigrants is not critical for the agency to fulfill its enforcement mission . And now , we 've been given an opportunity to consider better alternatives . The impact of this decision was far more than fiscal savings : It brought loved ones home to their families , returned breadwinners to their communities , and released asylum seekers from confinement that exacerbated their past trauma . Having worked as a lawyer for eight years with thousands of immigrants detained in the Arizona desert , I have seen the devastating , and ultimately ineffective , results of our rapidly expanding detention system . Our office regularly received desperate phone calls from wives , mostly U.S. citizens , whose husbands were in detention . Often the husbands were the sole breadwinners . The women and their children faced eviction from their homes because they could not keep up mortgage payments . They were forced to go on welfare , and their children 's school performance suffered . Among my clients were asylum seekers who fled persecution and torture in their countries , only to find themselves locked up behind barbed wire for months and even years as they sought protection in America . Since 2003 , more than 2.4 million people have passed through immigration detention facilities in a network of over 250 jails and prisons . At an average cost of $ 164 per day per person , ICE spent more than $ 1.7 billion in 2011 to detain a record 429,000 immigrants . Much of this money goes to private prison corporations that have contracts to house nearly half of the immigrants in ICE custody every day and are looking to grow their business -- having spent millions of dollars during the past 10 years on campaign donations and lobbyists at the state and federal level . Immigrants in detention include lawful permanent residents with deep family and community ties , undocumented immigrants who have lived in the United States for decades as part of mixed status families , survivors of torture , asylum seekers , pregnant women , military veterans , and the infirm . No matter their background , they are confined behind bars for months and sometimes years as they await a hearing to determine whether they can remain in the U.S. legally . Conditions in detention are punitive and inhumane . A recent set of reports compiled by Detention Watch Network members highlighted conditions in 10 jails where immigrants are held that exemplify the egregious problems inherent throughout the immigration detention system . We found immigrants in detention wait weeks or months for medical care ; have inadequate , and in some cases absolutely no , outdoor recreation time or access to sunlight or fresh air ; are offered inadequate and nutritionally lacking food ; and are subjected to the use of solitary confinement as punishment , as outlined in a report by the National Immigrant Justice Center and Physicians for Human Rights . Their families suffer extraordinary difficulties trying to visit their imprisoned relatives . In some facilities , families drive hundreds of miles to visit their loved ones , only to be forced to "  visit " with them via video link in a separate building -- not because they pose a risk , but because the facility does not want to incur additional costs for in-person visits . The remote location of many facilities also interferes dangerously with people 's ability to get legal help to fight their cases . They often have no access to a lawyer . In the words of one immigrant detained at Baker County Jail in Florida , "  We are like dogs , we ca n't see the sun or the sky . Actually , even a dog gets to go outside . " Since 2003 , at least 131 men and women died while in custody in these centers , which include private jails , county cells and federal centers , according to ICE reports . It does not have to be this way . Alternatives to detention -- such as community-based programs that offer legal and social service support -- are effective and significantly cheaper , with some programs costing as little as $ 14 per day . These alternatives to detention yield about a 93 % appearance rate before the immigration courts and allow people to remain with their families and communities . Given what we know about this hidden and punitive system , it is heartening to hear from members around the country that immigrants are being released from some of the worst facilities outlined in the reports . ICE should expand on this recent action by releasing everyone not subject to mandatory detention , and using alternative programs for those that are . The government 's action must also be a part of a larger initiative to reform our immigration detention system . One critical step is the congressional repeal of mandatory detention laws that have been responsible for tripling the number of people in detention . Under these laws , up to 70 % of immigrants in detention are required to be imprisoned , without any individual assessment of their risk to public safety , while the government tries to prove that it has the authority to deport them . This practice is contrary to our practice in the criminal justice system and wholly un-American . Until Congress acts , the Obama administration must renew its commitment to urgent reform of the detention system by closing the most egregious detention facilities , aggressively working with nongovernmental organizations to promote community-based supervision programs for those in proceedings , and pushing for legal regulation and third party oversight of the remaining detention centers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrea Black .	Andrea Black : Release of hundreds of immigrants from detention centers is good step Parents are taken from children , she says , sent far away to jails with appalling conditions Black : Ever-growing detention centers run by private businesses with lobbyists Release people not subject to mandatory detention , she says , use alternatives
New York  CNN  -- A would-be terrorist , who previously confessed to planning a subway suicide bomb attack , described in court on Tuesday how he and two high school friends planned to wreak havoc in New York City . Najibullah Zazi , the mastermind of the 2009 plot , testified Tuesday against alleged co-conspirator Adis Medunjanin , who is the sole member of trio on trial . The third man in the group , Zerein Ahmedzay , had earlier pleaded guilty in the plot . Medunjanin , a Bosnian immigrant who traveled with the two friends to Pakistan where they allegedly sought terrorist training , is among those accused of devising the scheme . "  What makes this plot stand out is it 's alleged it was an al Qaeda plot that went right to the top levels of the al Qaeda terrorist organization , " said CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank , who said U.S. law enforcement only caught on to the scheme "  late in the day . " Zazi testified Tuesday that Medunjanin had provided him with audio recordings of terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki promoting jihad . He testified that he wanted to enlist in the Taliban "  before they win and America leaves , I should go and be a part of it . " "  My understanding was they wanted me to carry out a martyrdom operation , " Zazi testified . The three initially resisted , he said . "  We talked amongst ourselves , looked at each other and said no , " only to later begin their planning . During opening statements Monday , a federal prosecutor described Medunjanin as an "  al Qaeda terrorist , " an assertion the defense said was "  just wrong . " Prosecutors allege Medunjanin and the two others eventually hatched a plan to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up on New York subway stations . Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , and Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan , have already pleaded guilty to the same charges . February 2010 : Zazi pleads guilty in plot "  In September of 2009 , three men were prepared to strap bombs to their bodies and go into crowded subways , " Assistant U.S. Attorney James Loonam told jurors in his opening statement Monday . "  These men were al Qaeda terrorists , " Loonam claimed . Angry at the presence of U.S. troops in Afghanistan and Iraq , the three went to Pakistan 's tribal belt -- "  the center of al Qaeda activity against the United States " -- to join the terrorist group , according to Loonam . Once there , the federal prosecutor said , the men were given "  special treatment " and "  private training by al Qaeda " because of their coveted status as U.S. citizens . In his opening statement , defense attorney Robert Gottlieb accused the prosecution of using incendiary rhetoric to inflame the jury . "  These are all words the government knows will scare you beyond belief and shake you to the core , " Gottlieb said of terms such as "  terrorist " and "  al Qaeda . " "  The truth is Adis Medunjanin is not a terrorist . ... In this case , the government is just wrong . " Later Monday , Ahmedzay took the stand and described how his former high school classmate Medunjanin turned him on to the teaching of al-Awlaki . The American-born Muslim cleric was targeted and killed in a September 2011 drone attack in Yemen . Medunjanin 's trial is expected to last three weeks .	Accused terrorist Adis Medunjanin 's trial continues with a key witness Prosecutors say he and two others were trained by al Qaeda in Pakistan They planned to detonate explosives on New York subways , they add A defense lawyer contends that "  the government is just wrong "
Oreo lovers have long debated how to eat them : twisted , dunked , creme first or bite whole . But most have never calculated just how stuffed Oreos are , until now A high school math teacher in upstate New York tasked his students to find out just how much "  stuf " is in each type of Oreo -- original , Double and Mega Stuf . "  Most of them have had practice , as have I , in separating the Oreo in half and getting a clean side , but getting two clean sides off just leaving the stuff was difficult , " said teacher Dan Anderson . Oreo : Original vs. Double vs. Mega Here 's how they did it . The students weighed 10 of each type of sandwich cookie -- original , Double and Mega . They also weighed the wafers separately , without the creme Subtract the weight of the wafer from the total weight of the cookie , and you get the stuff ! The results : shocking , if you can say such a thing about a cookie revelation . Anderson 's students discovered that those cookies we love so much , are n't all they 're stuffed up to be . Double Stuf ? Not really . Try 1.86 times the stuff of a regular Oreo . Mega Stuf ? Try again . How about 2.68 times the stuff . "  We were very surprised , " Anderson said . And it apparently would be a surprise to the folks at Oreo too . "  While I 'm not familiar with what was done in the classroom setting , I can confirm for you that our recipe for the Oreo Double Stuf cookie has double the stuff , or creme filling , when compared with our base , or original Oreo cookie , " said Oreo spokeswoman Kimberly Fontes . This is n't the first time a food favorite has come under fire for not measuring up . Watch : Subway 's footlong does n't add up Last year a Subway customer 's photo went viral . It showed his foot-long sub only measured 11 inches . Subway said at the time that foot-long was "  a descriptive name for the sub and not intended to be a measurement of length . "	An Oreo Double Stuf is 1.86 times bigger , math students find The Mega Stuf is 2.68 times bigger Oreo says Double Stuf recipe has twice as much creme Other foods that do n't measure up : Subway 's foot-long sandwich is 11 inches
CNN  -- To avoid getting caught with their pants down , Venezuelan officials say they will confront a toilet paper shortage by importing 50 million rolls to meet demand . Toilet paper is just one of the basic goods and foodstuffs that have been disappearing from store shelves over the past few months , as the government and private companies blame each other for the scarcity . Venezuelan Minister of Commerce Alejandro Fleming announced the toilet paper measure on Tuesday , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Repeating the government 's stance , he blamed the media for provoking fear in consumers , who in turn begin hoarding items . "  There is no deficiency in production , but an excessive demand generating purchases by a nervous population because of a media campaign that has been created to undermine the country , " Fleming said . "  We are going to saturate the market so that our people will calm down and understand that they should not let themselves be manipulated by the media that says there are shortages . " But Venezuelans say the shortages are very real , as staples such as rice and cooking oil are scarce . The lack of toilet paper is apparent in Caracas , where shoppers hurry to buy rolls and make long lines when the bathroom tissues are in stock . Venezuela 's monthly demand for toilet paper is about 125 million rolls a month , Fleming said . The government also casts blame on private companies , who they accuse of hoarding their products in hopes of selling it later at a higher price . But businesses and the political opposition say government policies , including price controls on basic goods and tight restrictions on foreign currency , are to blame . The regulation discourage production , and many producers ca n't break even with the price controls , they say . Other hygiene products , such as tooth paste and soap , might also be imported in bulk to meet demand , Fleming said . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Venezuela is facing a shortage of a number of basic goods The government announced it will import 50 million rolls of toilet paper Officials blame private companies and the media for the shortage The opposition says the government 's own economic policies are failing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday morning he has advised his family to avoid "  confined places " such as aircraft , subways and classrooms because of the swine flu risk . Vice President Biden on Thursday said people should avoid "  confined spaces . " Biden made the remarks on NBC 's "  Today Show , " after he was asked what he would tell a family member about traveling to Mexico , where the first cases of the virus -- technically known as 2009 H1N1 -- were detected . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , is advising people to avoid nonessential travel to Mexico , where the Mexican government suspects 159 deaths have resulted from the infection , most of them in or around Mexico City . Only a fraction of those cases have been confirmed . "  The CDC is concerned that continued travel by U.S. travelers to Mexico presents a serious risk for further outbreaks of swine flu in the United States , " the agency says on its Web site . But Biden appeared to go a step further , saying , "  I would tell members of my family , and I have , I would n't go anywhere in confined places now . It 's not that you 're going to Mexico , it 's you 're in a confined aircraft . When one person sneezes it goes all the way through the aircraft . That 's me . Watch the vice president explain why he would n't fly " "  I would not be , at this point , if they had another way of transportation ,  be  suggesting they ride the subway . ... So from my perspective , what it relates to is mitigation . If you 're out in the middle of a field and someone sneezes , that 's one thing , if you 're in a closed aircraft or closed container or closed car or closed classroom it 's a different thing . " Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association , responded to Biden 's comments by saying , "  Americans should heed the advice of medical experts when determining how best to manage health concerns during the ongoing swine flu outbreak . In a written statement , he noted that according to the CDC "  and countless other experts , swine flu should not discourage people from traveling to or within the United States . " "  Elected officials must strike a delicate balance of accurately and adequately informing citizens of health concerns without unduly discouraging travel and other important economic activity , " he said . The Travel Association is a "  political liaison " for the industry , and markets all modes of travel . Not long after the "  Today Show " aired , Biden released a statement through his spokeswoman , Elizabeth Alexander . "  The advice he is giving family members is the same advice the administration is giving to all Americans : that they should avoid unnecessary air travel to and from Mexico . " iReport.com : Share your swine flu concerns "  If they are sick , they should avoid airplanes and other confined public spaces , such as subways . This is the advice the vice president has given family members who are traveling by commercial airline this week . " The statement also refers to advice President Obama gave to Americans on Wednesday night . He said they should take the same steps to avoid swine flu that one would take to prevent any other flu : keep hands washed , cover your mouth when you cough , stay home from work if you 're sick , and keep sick children home from school . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Vice president has swine flu advice for family members "  I would n't go anywhere in confined places now , " Biden says CDC advises against non-essential travel to Mexico Swine flu suspected in 159 deaths in Mexico
Northern Syria  CNN  -- Undeterred by a wave of casualties , Syrian rebels say they will not back down in their quest to seize Aleppo , the country 's commercial hub and its second-largest city . After six days of fighting , the battle with government forces raged again Thursday as helicopter gunships flew over the city , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . At least one rebel fighter was killed , the group said . "  They do n't seem to have the kind of weapons necessary , " New Yorker reporter Jon Lee Anderson told CNNI 's "  Amanpour " from Aleppo about the rebels who , he said , believe the battle to be a decisive one . "  If Bashar al-Assad ca n't dislodge them from Aleppo , then it 's over for him . So they have to fight to the death . " A rebel commander north of Aleppo told CNN he was sending 300 more fighters to bolster forces in Aleppo . The commander said the rebels were on the offensive in Aleppo , where 18 of 22 rebel brigades were located . In preparation for a fresh onslaught expected after Friday prayers , rebels were setting up medical clinics in apartments and homes throughout the city , he said . The seat of al-Assad 's power also saw renewed violence Thursday as explosions rocked Damascus , another opposition group said . Read more : Does U.S. have plan for post-Assad Syria ? Regime forces battled rebels in several Damascus neighborhoods , and the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk came under "  fierce helicopter shelling with machine guns , " the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC reported dozens of dead and wounded in shelling by regime forces in the capital city 's suburb of Yalda , and in bomb attacks in the Mashtal district of Damascus . The death toll for Thursday across Syria reached 200 , including a number of children , women and defectors , the LCC said . Forty-eight died in Aleppo , 46 in Damascus and its suburbs ; 30 in Daraa ; 27 in Idlib ; 21 in Homs ; 14 in Deir Ezzor ; six in Hama ; four in Raqqa , two in Latakia , one in Qunaitera and one in Hasaka , it said . The LCC said Thursday marks the first time since the start of the uprising in March 2011 that Aleppo has led in the number of deaths in a single day across Syria . Some of those killed in the Al-A ` ajamy Valley were defected soldiers seeking "  to save civilians fleeing from shelling , " the group said . Video posted on YouTube appears to show youths demonstrating in the central Damascus neighborhood of Qanawat . "  The people united , will never be divided , " they chant in English . "  The Syrians united , will never be defeated . " And , "  Hey Bashar , damn your soul . Hey Bashar , damn your soul . " Rebel militias are composed largely of soldiers who have defected from the Syrian military . But there are also many civilians -- including students , shopkeepers , real-estate agents and even members of the president 's ruling Ba'ath party -- all trying to end four decades of al-Assad family rule . Read more : Faces of the Free Syrian Army A Sunni cleric in the village of Injara , about six miles west of Aleppo , showed CNN craters and gaping holes in at least six homes , the result of what he and other residents said were rockets and artillery from a Syrian army base a couple of miles away . "  They hit us every night , " Sheikh Ali Bukhro said . Other residents said they had had neither electricity nor running water in more than a month . Some men said they had sent their families to refugee camps in Turkey , where more than 40,000 Syrian refugees have taken shelter . In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. officials had "  grave concerns " about the situation in and around Aleppo and Damascus . "  This is the concern : That we will see a massacre in Aleppo -- and that 's what the regime appears to be lining up for , " she told reporters . Given that China and Russia have vetoed attempts by the Security Council to act , "  we have to double our efforts with like-minded nations outside of the U.N. system , " she said . "  This is a horrific situation , this is abhorrent what this regime is willing to do against its own people . We have to call it out , we have to do what we can to strengthen the opposition for the day after . We have to do what we can in coordination with others in the international community . " The British ambassador to the United Nations said reports of warplanes over Aleppo were especially concerning . "  The reports now of attacks by regime fighter jets in Aleppo mark yet a further dangerous escalation and underlines that there are no boundaries that the Assad regime will not cross in the misguided hope that it can resist the will of its people and hang on to power , " British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant told the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday . Thursday 's front page of Syria 's pro-regime newspaper al Watan carried the headline "  Aleppo ... the Mother of all Battles . " WMD threat ` demands a response ' For his part , al-Assad sent a congratulatory message Tuesday to Kim Jong Un , the recently installed supreme leader of North Korea , the state-run KCNA news agency reported Thursday . "  I would like to express my deep thanks to Your Excellency , the leadership of the DPRK and the friendly Korean people for having rendered support and encouragement to our just cause against the moves of the world powers to interfere in our internal affairs , " it said . Meanwhile , Herve Ladsous , the under-secretary-general for peacekeeping operations , told reporters Thursday in Damascus that half of the 300 U.N. observers sent to Syria in April have been sent home , but are prepared to return should circumstances change . "  And that is our sincere hope , " Ladous told reporters . The decision was made after "  we found ourselves with too many people with not enough to do , " he said . The monitors ' mission was suspended in June , when officials deemed it too dangerous for them to continue their work . They remained in Syria prepared to resume their efforts to monitor compliance with a six-point peace plan brokered by U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy to Syria Kofi Annan once the conditions changed . Ladsous was not optimistic that would happen soon . "  Unfortunately , as of today , I can not say that we see many indications that a decrease in violence will happen overnight . I say again , Syrians killing Syrians is something that should not continue . " As the violence spirals , many civilians have become internally displaced or fled over the border and fears of sectarian conflict have grown . Asked Thursday if Ankara was considering establishing safe zones in northern Syria to counter any threat to Turkey 's security from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was noncommittal but said officials were discussing their options . "  It is out of question that we would allow a terrorist organization to be based in northern Syria and become a threat to our country , " he said in televised remarks . "  All of these are among alternatives -- safe zone , buffer zone or camps such as the ones we have now -- all of these are among alternatives , " he said . "  Our Foreign Ministry , armed forces , intelligence organizations are working on this , and decisions or steps that will need to be taken will be taken when the time comes . " Turkey and the United States consider the PKK a terrorist group . Speaking Thursday at a memorial to those who died in the Srebrenica massacre in the Balkans in the 1990s , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged the Syrian government and the opposition forces to cooperate with the United Nations in ending the conflict . The U.N observer mission in Syria has been unable to do its job "  because of the noncompliance of the parties -- the government parties and also opposition forces , " he said . The six-point peace plan must also be implemented "  without further delay , " he said . Waving the ` red flag ' on arming Syria 's opposition "  At this time again I am urging all the parties : They must stop fighting and killing people now . They have to begin political dialogue for a political resolution of this crisis , " Ban said . After 16 months of chaos , more officials from al-Assad 's regime have resigned . The opposition Syrian National Council said Wednesday that two senior Syrian diplomats were the latest to defect . One was the Syrian ambassador to the United Arab Emirates , Abdullatif Al Dabbagh , SNC spokesman George Sabra said . The second is Al Dabbagh 's wife , Lamia Al Harriri , who was a Syrian envoy to Cyprus . She defected to Qatar , SNC member Najy Tayyarah said . Al Harriri is also the niece of Syrian Vice President Farouq Al Sharea . But on Thursday , a Syrian official downplayed the reports of recent defections . Read more : A Syrian town 's ` Street of Death ' Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi said Dabbagh "  was called to Damascus for consultations with the minister and has been off duty ... since June 4 . " In addition , Makdissi said , Al Harriri has never been a Syrian ambassador . "  She is a diplomat who was tasked with managing affairs on behalf of the embassy charge d'affaires pending the appointment of an ambassador . " Read more : Amid violence , Syrians race to borders The Syrian crisis started in March 2011 , when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters morphed into a nationwide uprising against the regime . The LCC says more than 16,000 people have been killed in the conflict . The U.N. secretary-general said this week that almost 17,000 people have died . The United Nations refugee agency says it has registered more than 120,000 refugees in neighboring Turkey , Jordan , Lebanon and Iraq . CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from northern Syria ; Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Yesim Comert , Yousef Rafayah and Richard Roth also contributed to this report .	200 people have been killed across Syria on Thursday , an opposition group says Turkey 's prime minister says it is considering plans for a buffer zone in northern Syria Helicopter gunships flew over Aleppo and Damascus , opposition activists say "  They must stop fighting and killing people now , " U.N. secretary-general says
EW.com  -- The Ant-Man now has some company : Judy Greer , John Slattery , and T.I. will all appear in Marvel 's upcoming "  Ant-Man , " which started filming in San Francisco Monday . EW : Peyton Reed and Edgar Wright exchanged ` some emails ' about ` Ant-Man ' As previously announced , Paul Rudd is playing the title character , also known as Scott Lang , in the Marvel Studios adaptation . Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lilly are co-starring , and the cast also includes "  House of Cards ' " Corey Stoll , "  Danny Collins ' " Bobby Cannavale , "  End of Watch 's " Michael Pe  a , "  The Dark Knight 's " David Dastmalchian , "  Togetherness ' " Abby Ryder Fortson , comedian Gregg Turkington , and "  The Wire 's " Wood Harris . EW : Marvel Studios reveals ` Ant-Man ' Comic-Con poster -- EXCLUSIVE Edgar Wright , director of "  Hot Fuzz " and "  Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , "  was initially set to direct until he dropped out of the project in May due to creative differences with Marvel . Less than two weeks after the announcement , Peyton Reed stepped in as director , with Adam McKay taking over writing duties . EW : ` Ant-Man ' : Peyton Reed to direct , Adam McKay to rewrite after Edgar Wright departure "  Ant-Man " arrives in theaters July 17 , 2015 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Ant-Man " started filming in San Francisco Monday Paul Rudd is playing the title character The film arrives in theaters July 17 , 2015
CNN  -- What a year Meryl Davis is having . Not only did she win a gold medal with her ice-dancing partner Charlie White during the Winter Olympics in Sochi , but she also nabbed the "  Dancing With the Stars " mirror ball trophy . Davis and her pro partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy were declared the champions of Season 18 on Tuesday night . Awaiting the results , the pair appeared to have tears in their eyes as they held each other and swayed back and forth as they awaited host Tom Bergeron 's announcement of who had won . The audience exploded as Davis and Chmerkovskiy 's names were called . "  It 's just plastic , but it means so much , " Chmerkovskiy said . "  And when it 's lasted a decade of running after , it means that much more , and to do it with Meryl is a dream come true . There 's a reason why it did n't happen before -- it 's because this was meant to happen with this one . " They squared off in the finale against Paralympic snowboarder Amy Purdy and her partner Derek Hough . Former "  Full House " star Candace Cameron Bure and her pro partner Mark Ballas came in third . Davis and Chmerkovskiy were heralded throughout the season for their performances and chemistry with judge Carrie Ann Inaba telling them after their final dance that "  The best part of the season was you two . " Inaba also suggested that the pair should get married which further stirred buzz that the passion the two displayed on the dance floor has extended to their personal lives . Chmerkovskiy joked about it during the show 's finale . "  I want to ravage her and have ice-skating , big , Russian , mean babies , " he said . "  We 're going to call them Boris and Oleg . Their nicknames are going to be Bear . Both . One nickname for both . "	The winning pair were announced Tuesday night They displayed chemistry throughout the season Chmerkovskiy joked about having babies
Mangled limbs wrapped in blood-stained rags were strewn across rooms in the school . Run by the United Nations , the building was meant to be a refuge for more than 3,000 civilians fleeing the deadly conflict raging between Israel and Hamas in Gaza . But shells hit it in the early morning hours as those inside slept , punching huge holes in the roof and killing at least 20 people , according to the Palestinian Health Ministry . "  We saw the shells when they hit and shrapnel was falling like rain , " said Sanaa abu Gerard , a woman who witnessed the blasts . "  I was so scared and the school filled with smoke . We poured water in our eyes just to see . " The deadly strike Wednesday underscores growing concerns that in Gaza , where fighting is taking place in densely populated areas , safe havens appear to be anything but safe . It 's the sixth time a facility run by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency  UNRWA  has been struck in the current conflict , intensifying questions about the tactics being used by both sides in areas crowded with civilians . "  People who go to these places expect that they go there because they will be safe , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , the commissioner-general for UNRWA . "  And here is the confirmation that it appears that there is nowhere where you can be safe . " ` Such horror ' The United Nations said it thinks the rounds that hit the school , in the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza , were fired by Israeli artillery . The Israeli military said it is reviewing what happened , acknowledging that it exchanged fire with militants in the area . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack . "  Nothing -- nothing -- justifies such horror , " he said . The U.N. Security Council was expected to hold an urgent meeting Thursday morning over the attack on the shelter . Amnesty International called for an independent investigation into what it described as "  a possible war crime . " The coordinates of the school had been repeatedly communicated to the Israeli Defense Forces  IDF  -- as recently as 8 hours before it was hit -- the U.N. said . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the IDF , said that the Israelis were aware of the people sheltering at the U.N. building and that "  they were in no way or form a target . " "  We have n't ruled out that it was a Hamas mortar that landed in the premises , " he said . But the United Nations pointed the finger at Israel . "  Based on initial elements we have clear indications in the first assessment that three projectiles hit the school , and on analyzing the shrapnel we believe we have all the elements in place to conclude it was Israeli artillery fire , " Krahenbuhl said . Schools hit before The deaths in the Jabalya school are far from the first time UNRWA facilities have been dragged into the current conflict , which has killed more than 1,300 people in Gaza , most of them civilians . The organization , which has been helping Palestinian refugees in the region for more than 60 years , says it 's currently sheltering around 220,000 people in increasingly cramped conditions in its buildings . That 's 12 % of Gaza 's population of 1.8 million . Civilians in Gaza have had to flee their homes amid the fighting and airstrikes -- but many of them say they feel they have nowhere to go in the small , impoverished territory . The U.N. facilities have been one of the few places available to seek refuge . Sixteen people were killed last week at a different U.N. shelter in northern Gaza . The Israeli military admitted misfiring a mortar into the courtyard of that school during clashes with militants , but it said the explosion could n't have caused deaths because the courtyard was empty . A CNN team that visited the shelter several hours after the mortar attack saw evidence that people were badly wounded at the courtyard . UNRWA said seven of its staff members have been killed since July 7 , the day before Israel began its operation against Hamas . U.N. schools were also hit during Israel 's previous incursion into Gaza in 2009 -- in one instance , Israeli shells killed more than 40 civilians in the area of one school . Israel said at the time that Hamas was firing from the school grounds , an assertion that the U.N. disputed . Rockets stored in empty schools The U.N. has also accused Hamas of violating the rules of war by storing rockets in three other schools in Gaza during the current conflict . The U.N. said it had abandoned the schools concerned because of the intensity of the fighting nearby . No weapons have been found in U.N. schools that have been sheltering people or that have been under the control of the U.N. , according to John Ging , operational director of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . The shelling of the Jabalya school has intensified criticism suggesting Israel is n't doing enough to avoid civilian casualties in its operation aimed at stopping Hamas rocket fire and taking out the militant group 's underground tunnel system . "  If the strike on this school was the result of Israeli artillery fire it would constitute an indiscriminate attack and a likely war crime , " said Philip Luther , director of the Middle East and North Africa program at Amnesty International . "  Artillery should never be used against targets in crowded civilian areas and its use in such a manner would never be considered a ` surgical ' strike . " Amnesty also called on Hamas and other armed Palestinian groups "  not to endanger civilians by storing ammunition in UN facilities and other civilian buildings . " ` Safe zones not combat zones ' Lerner of the IDF accused Hamas of exploiting civilians and humanitarian organizations . "  They are hiding behind the U.N. emblems , they are hiding behind the Red Cross ambulances and utilizing anything they can , " he said . "  We on the other hand are warning the civilians ... We are trying to limit the impact . " But Israel is coming under increasing pressure to improve its efforts . While reiterating Israel has a right to defend itself , White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said , "  We 've also been very clear that Israel needs to do more to live up to its own standards to limit civilian casualties . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf backed up the call . "  Hamas is taking steps here that put civilians at risk . But we do believe the Israelis need to do more , " she said . The U.N. 's Ban put it more simply . "  United Nations shelters must be safe zones not combat zones , " he said .	The U.N. says it thinks Israeli artillery was behind deadly strike on school Israel says it is still reviewing what happened during exchange of fire with militants "  It appears that there is nowhere where you can be safe , " a U.N. official says The shelling is the sixth time a U.N. facility has been hit during the Gaza conflict
CNN  -- Need to get somewhere on time ? Do n't book a connecting flight through China . According to FlightStats , a U.S.-based air travel information service , mainland China airports are the world 's worst when it comes to on-time departures and arrivals . Worse still , according to the report , which covers airport and airline activity in the month of June , the overall performance of Chinese airports has become worse in the past half year . At the bottom of the list of major world airports is Beijing Capital International Airport . In June , just 18.3 % of flights from the airport left on time . Around 42 % of flights from Beijing suffered delays of 45 minutes or longer . Second worst on the list is Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport . Just 24 % of its June flights departed on time , compared with a 38.9 % on-time departure rate six months ago . "  None of China 's provincial airports surveyed by FlightStats -- including Guangzhou , Kunming , Nanjing , Chengdu , Changsha and Urumqi -- could manage to get half of their flights on time , " according to a story in the South China Morning Post . Osaka Airport  95.88 %  and Tokyo 's Haneda Airport  95 %  led Asian airports for on-time performance . Top performing large North American airports were in Honolulu  86.29 %  , Vancouver  86.18 %  and Salt Lake City  85.55 %  . Top performing large European airports were in Amsterdam  83.52 %  , Munich  83.35 %  and Vienna  82.15 %  . China 's major airlines also fared poorly compared with regional and global counterparts . "  Major international airlines on average delivered 75.85 % of their flights to the arrival gate within 15 minutes of schedule in June , down from May 's 80.70 % , " according to the FlightStats report summary . Map : The best and worst for airport delays "  Six major international carriers , South African , Gulf Air , ANA , Japan Airlines , Finnair , and Tyrolean Airways , delivered over 90 % of their flights on time . " Meanwhile , China United Airlines brought in only 27 % of its flights on time , while large national carriers Air China and China Southern also reported a considerable number of delayed flights . The top on-time performing carrier in North America was Hawaiian Airlines  92.2 %  . Top major carriers were Alaska Airlines  86.8 %  , Air Canada  81.28 %  and Delta Air Lines  76.39 %  . Top overall European performers were Binter Canarias  99.41 %  , Malmo Aviation  95.56 %  and KLM Cityhopper  93.6 %  . Top overall Asian performers were Air Busan  96.77 %  and J-Air  95.64 %  . According to the South China Morning Post , the poor performance of Chinese airports and airlines is blamed on "  excessive military control of airspace and poor urban planning . " "  Nearly 80 % of China 's airspace has been reserved for military use . In other countries , such as the U.S. , the situation is exactly the opposite , " according to a Hainan Airlines official quoted by the SCMP . To get the full FlightStats report click here .	Chinese airports perform worst for on-time flights At Beijing Capital International Airport , 18.3 % of flights left on time None of surveyed Chinese airports could get half of flights to leave on time
CNN  -- A Marine Corps reservist helping in a "  Toys for Tots " drive was stabbed Friday when he grappled with a fleeing shoplifting suspect , authorities in Augusta , Georgia , said . Cpl. Phillip Duggan , 24 , suffered a single stab wound . He was treated and released from the hospital later Friday , Sgt. Dan Carrier of the Richmond County Sheriff 's Office said . "  He 's doing fine . " The suspect attempted to conceal property and was confronted by Best Buy employees , authorities said . An employee struggled with the suspect , who brandished a knife . The employees backed away from the armed man to prevent any injury to themselves or customers , Carrier told CNN . Duggan and several other Marines wearing their dress blues were conducting the annual toy drive in the breezeway of the Best Buy when they heard the commotion and saw the suspect flee through the store entrance , Carrier said . Duggan tackled the suspect and other Marines also moved to stop the suspect , who stabbed Duggan once in the middle of his back , close to his spine , Carrier said . "  They jumped on top of him , and they pulled him down , " said "  Toys for Tots " volunteer Larry Frelin . "  It took about five different people on top of him , but unfortunately he had a knife . He brought the knife around and managed to get it in the back of the Marine , " Frelin told CNN affiliate WRDW . Tracey Attaway , 39 , was in custody Friday night and was charged with armed robbery , aggravated assault and possession of a knife during the commission of a crime , authorities said . CNN was unable to reach Duggan or the Attaway residence late Friday . "  Most people who shoplift do n't take it to this extreme , " Carrier said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Marine reservist stabbed while trying to stop suspect , authorities say Cpl. Phillip Duggan released from hospital Marines were conducting "  Toys for Tots " drive
London  CNN  -- Former News of the World journalist and royal editor Clive Goodman told a court in London Thursday that Princess Diana had leaked a royal phone book to him , UK media reported . Goodman , who denies two counts of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office , told the court that Diana had sent a phone directory and other details about the royal household to the newspaper 's office in east London , the Press Association news agency reported . He said Diana , who separated from husband Prince Charles in 1992 after 11 years of marriage , had been in need of "  an ally " at a very difficult time , the news agency said . "  She told me she wanted me to see the scale of her husband 's staff and household , compared with others , " the Press Association quoted Goodman as saying . "  She felt she was being swamped by people close to his household . She was looking for an ally to take him on -- to show there were forces that would rage against him . " One so-called "  Green Book , " containing confidential phone numbers of royals and their staff , arrived at his office in an envelope with his name on it , Goodman said . Goodman told the court he did not pay for the information , the Press Association reported . Charles and Diana divorced in 1996 . Diana died a year later , after the car she was riding in slammed into a pillar in a Paris overpass . Her boyfriend , Dodi Fayed , and their driver , Henri Paul , also died . Goodman is one of seven people on trial on phone hacking charges . Others include Rebekah Brooks , former chief executive of News International and onetime editor of The Sun and News of the World newspapers , and Andy Coulson , a former News of the World editor who went on to work for Prime Minister David Cameron . They deny the charges against them . The jury has previously been told that Goodman pleaded guilty in 2007 to phone hacking charges . The News of the World was closed down by News International , a UK division of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , in 2011 amid public outrage over claims its employees had hacked the voice mail of a British schoolgirl who went missing and was later found murdered in 2002 .	Report : Ex-News of the World royal editor says Diana passed him confidential information Clive Goodman says princess sent royal phone book , household details to his office Goodman denies two counts of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office He says he did n't pay police for the confidential royal directories
A barrage of rape and death threats on Twitter aimed at feminist Caroline Criado-Perez , who petitioned to have women displayed on British banknotes -- has sparked outrage in the global media and among the Twitterati . Following a day-long onslaught , in which Criado-Perez received around 50 sexually-abusive tweets an hour , police finally arrested a 21-year-old man in Manchester on Sunday . The feminist champion , whose campaign resulted in the Bank of England agreeing to picture Pride and Prejudice author Jane Austen on every # 10 bill , tweeted throughout the abuse : "  I actually ca n't keep up with the screen-capping & reporting -- rape threats thick and fast now . If anyone wants to report the tweets to Twitter . " Twitter UK 's General Manager Tony Wang said the social-networking company takes online abuse very seriously , offering to suspend accounts , and called on people to report any "  violation of Twitter rules . " World media But the story has ignited a backlash against the site from users and the media alike with more than 50,000 people signing on online petition urging Twitter to tackle Internet trolls . UK Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper wrote to Wang on Sunday criticising Twitter 's "  inadequate " response . In her letter , Cooper wrote : "  Despite the scale and seriousness of these threats , the official response from Twitter continues to be extremely weak -- simply directing Caroline away from Twitter towards the police , and , belatedly , directing users to abuse-reporting forms on Twitter . " Writing in The Guardian , columnist Tanya Gold called on "  misogynists " to be shamed rather than criticized , describing the Internet trolls as "  lonely , fearful and dumb , " adding that the emergence of social media "  has given the vicious a voice . " Read more : Internet trolls : What to do about the scourge of the Web ? Criado-Perez had her own take on the debate being played out her Twitter account . Writing in the Independent on Saturday , she said : "  If we stand firm , and shout back as one , we will win . " The BBC 's technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones argues that Twitter now faces a "  tricky dilemma " of protecting free speech while under pressure to "  make the network a safer and more polite place . " Cellan-Jones believes Twitter would prefer to see threatening Tweets referred to the police , rather than introduce a "  report abuse " button on every post , which would require significant manpower to monitor . Twitter has already introduced a "  report tweet " function for the iPhone and is currently developing the option for the web and Android . But The Telegraph 's chief technology blogger Mic Wright said a report function would allow "  any armchair activist to make a vague stand without putting in any time , effort or thought . " Wright recognizes that comment sections on user-generated websites such as YouTube are the "  post-apocalyptic badlands of the web ... a resting place for the misspelled dribblings of the chronically hard-of-thinking . " But he argues the Twitter conundrum is a societal problem not a technology-based one . The debacle has led to a campaign for a Twitter boycott on August 4 -- International Friendship Day -- and an e-petition for a "  report abuse " button on Tweets . Author of ` How To Be a Woman ' and columnist for The Times , Caitlin Moran , proposed a "  Trolliday " where Twitter users would tweet the holding message : "  Waiting for troll solution . " Columnist Suzanne Moore also called for a celebrity shun of the social-networking site . On Saturday , she posted : "  Spread the word . Prominent guys with many followers join in please . It 's a gesture maybe but we can try a big Twitter flounce and see ? "	Criado-Perez successfully campaigned to have women pictured on UK banknotes A 21-year-old man arrested in Manchester area on suspicion harassment against the campaigner Twitter 's UK General Manager Tony Wang urged users to report instances of abuse on the site
CNN  -- A pair of gaffes by Vice President Biden and ex-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton illustrate just how hard it is to explain how vast the gaps of income and wealth in America have become -- including the significant but seldom-discussed difference between being merely rich and being super-rich . When Biden recently told an audience -- inaccurately , it turned out -- "  I do n't own a single stock or bond ... I have no savings accounts , " he was widely seen as responding to earlier comments by Clinton that she and her multimillionaire husband , ex-President Bill Clinton , would not be seen by voters as part of the economic elite who crashed the economy because "  we pay ordinary income tax , unlike a lot of people who are truly well off . " Both statements were widely seen as hopelessly off-key and out of touch , especially coming from politicians whose not-so-secret hopes for a shot at running for president in 2016 depend on connecting with average Americans . If they expect to make it through the coming campaign without further ridicule , Biden and Clinton will have to figure out a better way to discuss -- or not discuss -- their personal finances . Let 's start with a reality check . Biden and his wife do , indeed , own multiple savings and stock accounts , but most have less than $ 15,000 in them . That makes Biden relatively poor , compared with his former colleagues in the U.S. Senate , whose average wealth is nearly $ 1 million . But the vice president is much better off than the typical U.S. family , which has a savings account balance of only $ 3,800 . More than half of all Americans own no stock at all , and only one-third have stock accounts worth more than $ 5,000 . Clinton suffers a similar problem of perspective . It 's true that she and her husband ended the Clinton presidency facing $ 5 million in legal bills and no place to live  they 'd spent more than a decade living in the Arkansas governor 's mansion and then the White House  . But Hillary Clinton 's $ 8 million advance for her autobiography instantly moved the family into the 1 % , and both she and her husband can command $ 200,000 per speech . Bill Clinton 's net worth is estimated at $ 55 million . Even with all that wealth , Clinton 's underlying point -- that she and Bill earn their money and pay taxes on it every year -- is valid . The rarified company the former first couple keeps put them in touch with the super-rich -- heirs to great fortunes and owners of vast companies who do n't need to write books or give speeches to rake in their millions . It 's the difference between life in the top 1 % -- which requires household earnings of about $ 394,000 a year -- and the top .01 % , where the money zooms into the stratosphere and , more important , comes mostly from stocks and other investments rather than work . When merely rich people like Biden and Clinton look around within the 1 % , they ca n't help but notice -- perhaps with a touch of envy -- that the top 0.1 % crowd is living a very different lifestyle . It 's one thing to fly first class  or even Air Force One  and quite another to pal around with people who command their own personal fleets of private jets . But if Biden and Clinton are serious about a 2016 foray into the vote-getting business , they must suppress the very real urge to present themselves as "  just plain folks " in a country where they are , by any measure , among the most fortunate . According to Census Bureau figures , half of all U.S. households earn less than $ 53,000 a year . Those voters are n't likely to extend much sympathy to a vice president crying the blues about saving nothing while earning a federal salary of $ 233,000 a year or an ex-Cabinet member , ex-senator who commands $ 200,000 per speech . The surest cure for seeming out of touch is to hit the campaign trail , with its endless string of town hall meetings and county fairs , its trips to diners , bowling alleys and factories during shift changes . It will take Biden and Clinton back to their own working-class roots , and remind them what real economic struggle looks like .	Errol Louis : Biden , Hillary gaffes show how wide America 's wealth gap has become He says if they want to be president , they should find less tone-deaf way to discuss money Louis : Both may feel poorer than super-rich they know , but median U.S. income is $ 53,000 Louis : They 're not "  just plain folks , " they 're among country 's most fortunate ; should own it
CNN  -- Syria 's major opposition group condemned Bashar al-Assad 's regime Wednesday for "  brutal massacres " this week and urged the U.N. Security Council to protect civilians against "  acts of genocide . " "  The regime is using children as human shields so that tanks and armored vehicles can storm residential areas , " said the Syrian National Council , which said that about 250 people have died over a 48-hour period . "  Incidents of gruesome murders have been recorded , " the council said Wednesday , including the killings of four brothers and the beheading of a sheikh , whose head was hung above a mosque entrance . Both incidents occurred in Idlib , and the council says "  acts of genocide " are occurring in Zawiyah Mountain in Idlib province in the northwest and the city of Homs in the west . It cites "  the regime 's use of heavy weapons and artillery in shelling civilian neighborhoods , as was the case in the Baba Amr neighborhood of Homs , as well as in the villages of Kansafra , Kafar Awaid , and Mazrain , where a large number of residents were killed . Other residents were forced to flee under heavy gunfire , " the council said . The villages are in Idlib province . The violence spiked as Syria agreed to an Arab League observer mission Monday aimed at ending the violence between regime forces and protesters that started in mid-March . The United Nations this month estimated that about 5,000 people have died in the bloodshed . "  The SNC directed letters to representatives of the 15 member nations of the U.N. Security Council , including the permanent members , urging them to convene in an emergency session to discuss the brutal and systematic killings , the humanitarian situation , and the displacements forced by the regime and its security and military apparatus , " the group said in a news release . The council also sent "  urgent communiques " about the violence to the Arab League ; the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ; the Gulf Cooperation Council ; the General Secretariat of the United Nations ; the U.S. Department of State ; the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs ; representatives from the Chinese Foreign Ministry ; and the governments of France , Spain , Germany , Canada , Tunisia , Libya and Sudan . "  The SNC urgently requested that these parties support the Syrian people 's and the Syrian Revolution 's demands for international protection , the establishment of safe zones for civilians , and the establishment of humanitarian corridors for delivery of relief , medical , and other humanitarian needs . The SNC also demanded a prompt intervention to stop the massacres , which have reached the level of genocide and which coincide with the signing of the Arab League Protocol to send observers into Syria , " the council said . Mohamed Hamdo , a lieutenant colonel in the Free Syrian Army , underscored the ferocity of the assaults . He said that government forces "  used military jet fighters and bombed Jabal Al Zawya , including a mosque that contained around 100 civilians who were praying or using it as a refuge . " Jabal Al Zawya is in the Idlib region in northwestern Syria . Hamdo said the military also "  destroyed the town of Idlib completely and bombed a hospital there . The problem is they are using women and children who are mounted on their tanks as they raid , making it impossible for us to hit back . " "  We have information that they are preparing an attack to control the border crossing to Turkey . We are dispersing our FSA platoons to counterattack . They are using surface-to-air missiles , mortars , military jet fighters and artillery . " Activist groups also reported a surge in killings this week . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported a higher death toll of 111 on Tuesday and 121 on Monday . The Monday figure included 72 soldiers who tried to defect . The civilian death toll so far Wednesday is at least 16 , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group . And , a video surfaced on social media websites of a boy 's grisly killing in Homs during a missile attack Tuesday . This violence comes as an Arab League advance team is headed to Damascus Thursday to prepare for the observer mission . There would be 100 observers in teams of 10 to investigate what is happening on the ground in a month-long mission . The league 's secretary-general , Nabil el-Araby , called for an "  immediate stop " of violence and "  swift action " Thursday to pave the way for the observer mission . "  The Syrian government must take responsibility of protecting its citizens in accord to their promises and agreement entailed in the Arab Plan , " said el-Araby , worried about news of increased violence . The observer protocol is part of a larger initiative that calls for withdrawing the army and militias called shabiha , releasing detainees and ending all forms of violence . But Syria and the Arab League have n't yet signed the larger initiative , only the observer protocol , Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Saudi Al Faisal said Tuesday . "  We expect Syria to follow a policy of buying time , delay and limit the observers ' movement on the ground . We think it is a political maneuver by the Syrian regime , " said an Arab diplomat intimately involved with the Arab League deliberations . The diplomat could not speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the matter . Opposition members have criticized the Arab League for naming Sudanese Brig. Gen. Mohammed Mustafa Al-Dabi to be the chairman of the observer mission . They cite close ties between Sudan and Syria and Sudan 's track record of using its own national security officials to target activists and political groups . The White House said it is "  deeply disturbed by credible reports that the Assad regime continues to indiscriminately kill scores of civilians and army defectors , while destroying homes and shops and arresting protesters without due process . "  While Syrian security forces have also taken casualties , the overwhelming majority of the violence and loss of life in Syria stems from the actions of the Assad regime , and we call on all parties to put an end to violence . " The United States , the European Union , the Arab League and Turkey have initiated sanctions against the regime . "  The Assad regime is already facing growing isolation and sanctions that are choking off its resources . We urge Syria 's few remaining supporters in the international community to warn Damascus that if the Arab League initiative is once again not fully implemented , the international community will take additional steps to pressure the Assad regime to stop its crackdown , " the White House statement said . The French Foreign Ministry called on the U.N. Security Council to speak out on a firm resolution that ends repression in Syria , and it asked Russia , a Syrian ally , to "  accelerate talks " at the council on a plan it devised to deal with the instability . "  Everything must be done to stop this murderous spiral into which Bashar al-Assad is dragging his people deeper each day , " ministry spokesman Bernard Valero said . "  In this serious context , France calls for a bigger mobilization of the international community . " In another incident , Abdel Azeez Al-Khair , an Alawite opposition figure from the National Coordination Body , was detained briefly at the Damascus airport before he tried to take a flight to Cairo to discuss Syria with Arab League officials , two opposition figures told CNN . He is not allowed to travel . Alawities are a minority sect that holds the reins of power in the Syrian government . Syria , an ethnically and religiously diverse society , is largely Sunni Arab . CNN could not independently verify the allegations of violence or other incidents because Syria restricts the activity of journalists in the country . The Syrian government maintains that it is cracking down on armed terrorists who attack security forces and civilians . The activists say the government 's brutal crackdown against peaceful protests has led to the deaths . Meanwhile , the Iranian Embassy in Damascus has confirmed the kidnapping of five Iranian engineers in Syria on Wednesday and demanded their release , Iran 's Mehr News Agency reported . They are employed by the Jondor Homs electricity plant , Mehr reported . "  These people were in Syria to provide the Syrians with technical and development help , and they should be freed as quickly as possible , " the Iranian Embassy said . There has been opposition anger toward Iran and its support of the Syrian government . CNN 's Kindah Shair and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian opposition reaches out to international powers The United Nations estimates that about 5,000 people have died in Syrian violence this year The Syrian National Council wants U.N. and Arab League action It says nearly 250 civilians died over a two-day period
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Nairobi National Park is that rarest of things -- a conservation park in a city -- and it is now a physical manifestation of the front lines in Kenya 's human-wildlife conflict . Like the nearby residents of slum housing , the wildlife of the park has become victim of the city 's uncontrollable growth . A lack of planning in the capital has led to human encroachment onto the protected area , compromising the well-being of wildlife through an invasion of industrial waste and domestic pollution . To secure its future the M-Pesa Foundation , a charitable trust , and private investors have launched the Nairobi Greenline Project . It involves the planting of 300,000 indigenous trees in a 30-kilometer long , 50-meter wide forest boundary around the park , reinforced by a 32-kilometer electric fence . Read this : Maasai boy scares off lions with flashy invention Dorothee Von Brentano , the Senior Human Settlements Officer at U.N. Habitat Kenya , says : "  The fence is a symbol and a sign , to draw attention to an issue that needs to be much more properly addressed . " This issue is what she calls an "  ill hunger for land , " the driving force behind the intrusion of urban development onto the park . "  They  locals  see land as a commodity , rather than a resource , " says George Onyiro , the Habitat Program Manager at U.N Habitat . Public space Onyiro and his colleagues categorize the park as public space which is an essential component in healthy social and urban development . "  Public space is a really important part of any urban expansion , " says Jeanette Elsworth , Public Information Officer at U.N. Habitat . "  In fact , cities like Manhattan that we think of as really dense actually dedicate 30 % of the land to public space . Nairobi is operating at 10-15 % which is far too low . " Not incorporating public space into city planning has created the inevitable challenge of urban growth that does not embrace and accommodate conservation areas . Elijah Ndegwa , professor of Urban Planning at the University of Nairobi , believes that "  infiltration into the national park reflects a society that has not accepted wildlife as part of the stakeholders in the development of the city . " He adds : "  When we plan Nairobi we should view the park as part and parcel of the city , not as an appendage that must be gotten rid of . " Read this : Maasai Cricket Warriors swap spears for bats The value of the National Park has yet to charm local residents like Angelina , a Kenyan grandmother whose makeshift home is only a few miles away from the park . She recently received an eviction letter from the town council -- unrelated to the Greenline project -- and can do nothing but count down the days until she watches her home bulldozed away . ` I 've been living here since 1972 and my home will soon be demolished but the home of animals is continuously protected ' , she says . Local support Experts believe that this mentality needs to change for Nairobi to move forward . Axemite Gebre-Egziabher , the director of the Global Division at U.N. Habitat , says more participation from locals is crucial for the future . "  If the city is going to move into a sustainable , healthy , competitive arena then it is important to have urban planning enforcement , but together with all the stakeholders . Then you do n't need a fence -- they are the fence , they are the ones who would protect it  the park  , " she says . Involving people like Angelina in planning decisions could help strengthen the sense of public ownership for areas like Nairobi National Park . And instilling in the minds of locals the importance of preserving the National Park could help it be appreciated as an integral component of Nairobi 's future development .	Nairobi National Park is threatened by human encroachment Lack of planning means park has become compromised , say experts Nairobi Greenline Project will plant 300,000 trees to form 30-kilometer fence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fashion designer to some of golf 's big names , Tony "  The Tailor " Q'aja , was hanging out with the stars at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship at St Andrews in October . Samuel L.Jackson , sporting Tony 's outfit at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship . He also went to Munich to see the new technology that will revolutionize golf fashion and looks at a golfer 's susceptibility to harmful UV rays . Here 's Tony 's monthly blog for Living Golf : Dunhill week with Samuel L. Jackson "  My favorite week of the year . Spending time with some of the most admired people in the world , although many were missing this year . No Michael Douglas , Catherine Zeta Jones or Bill Murray . However , with the wonderful atmosphere that only St Andrews can give , there was plenty of fun to have . Mr Qool  Samuel L. Jackson  , who had enjoyed all the compliments wearing his Q'aja 's at the Bob Hope earlier in the year , asked us to design something appropriate for the first day of Dunhill this year . With the great Scottish culture and weather  rumor has it that it rains there  in mind , I put together a cream and black , bold tartan trouser with the Q factor of cream trims worn with a silk black polo and a cream angora jumper . Fortunately the rain stayed away on Thursday  I promised "  Him up there " a Q VIP outfit  so Sam looked fantastic -- even Tim Henman and Michael Campbell  both have used Q'aja in past  wished they had the courage . Dunhill week would n't be complete without curry night in the great company of Samuel L. Jackson , Tim Henman , Sir Steve Redgrave and Sean Fitzgerald , to name a few -- wonderfully organized as always by Netjets supremo Rob Hersov and the lovely Claire -- thanks guys . Munich Golf Expo It was my first ever trip to the German expo , which I must say was a disappointment . Could it have been the fact the beer festival was going on at the same time or is the German market not as big as I thought it was ? However , it did give me the chance to witness the amazing Ion-Mask . Ion-Mask is a gas treatment to a product through a gas chamber , which applies a nanometer thick protective layer that will make the product water repellent , and gives protection against scuffs and stains without affecting the breathability . Although it 's in its early stages , I am really excited about this innovation . This could change the apparel industry totally . The first item to be Ion-Masked is a golf shoe by Hi-Tec , which was on the stand with water pouring onto it and yes , amazingly , the water just slid off ... wow ! No , people , I do n't think you 'll be able to do it to yourself so you never have to wash again . Skin cancer Now , you know how much I am into health in sport . Well , my partners Sunderland of Scotland have come out with a collection with a very high UV factor of 50 . This basically means that the yarn the fabric is made from has gone through a treatment which gives protection from sun rays . We do n't realize how vulnerable we are to the natural elements from four to five hours of continuous sun rays . I am glad that the National Cancer Institute is getting involved in the awareness of this disregarded health risk . So please , like the safe driving campaign of "  Belt Up , " Cover Up for safe golf ! "	Tony designed clothes for Samuel L. Jackson to wear at the Dunhill Championship He attended the Munich Golf Expo and was impressed by the Ion-Mask technology Tony 's design partners have released a line with a UV factor of 50
CNN  -- Riddle : What is less popular than herpes , self-inflicted stupidity at its worst , and a gift to the GOP 's tax reform agenda ? Answer : The IRS ' $ 4.1 million 2010 Anaheim Conference , where an on-stage artist was paid $ 17,000 to demonstrate "  painting as a learning tool . " Note to the IRS : Dean Obeidallah will paint your next conference for $ 400 , plus room and board , if John Avlon fails to convince President Obama to shut you down .  We have heightened confidence , in light of NSA 's cell phone record-collecting , that the White House is indeed listening to The Big Three podcast  . Rarely do we kick off a Big Three podcast with unanimous outrage . The IRS , our least beloved federal agency , has managed to unite us . In my view , while waste , fraud and abuse is rampant in the federal government , this episode will prove especially helpful to the House Republicans ' agenda to pass radical tax simplification measures before the 2014 Congressional elections . Next in the discussion : Is heckling an effective political tactic ? Increasingly , some LGBT activists believe heckling is responsible for advancing their political agenda and LZ Granderson  @locs_and_laughs  chimes in on its value . In his CNN Opinion article in response to Mrs. Obama 's incident at a D.C. fundraiser this week , LZ makes the case that heckling heightens attention to LGBT issues , suggesting that every major progressive step for the LGBT community during President Obama 's administration has occurred in response to a public heckling incident . For Dean , heckling is personal , and he offers constructive advice to the heckled . First , never give up control of the spotlight to a disruptive audience member . Second , have a prepared zinger to quip back , like , "  I do n't heckle you at work , I just come to McDonald 's and order a big mac and fries . " Or , in the case of the first lady , Dean suggests she respond : "  Do you really want to heckle a person with access to drones ? " He offers other knee slappers , too . Finally , "  humble brag " alert on Michael Douglas . The actor stoops to new lows while discussing his cancer and industrious sex life , but still manages to elevate the important health issue -- widespread HPV  human papilloma virus  . While the details of his own cancer and comments appear confusing at best , it turns out Texas Gov. Rick Perry was right and Michele Bachmann was wrong . The HPV virus is linked to cervical cancer and some types of head and neck cancer , which the HPV vaccine can eliminate if administered to children and young adults . Perry as a GOP presidential candidate argued in favor of the availability and administration of this vaccine , while Bachmann , in our view , ridiculously suggested it would lead to increased sexual activity for children  which studies have disproved  . Not quite the Angelina Jolie class act that brought the breast cancer gene into the public consciousness by sharing her choice to undergo a proactive double mastectomy , but Michael Douglas ' disgusting bravado has still managed to contribute to public understanding of HPV ... ahh celebrity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Hoover .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Dean Obeidallah , John Avlon and Margaret Hoover on IRS , heckling and Michael Douglas Guest LZ Granderson argues that heckling has value as a political tool
CNN  -- The 23-year-old woman in Harare , Zimbabwe , said she could talk , but only briefly . It was 3:30 p.m. there and she had to be home before the 6 p.m. curfew , she said . Movement for Democratic Change official Fredrick Shaba is treated for stab wounds after an attack last week . "  I should be home in an hour , hour and a half . If I 'm not home by then , it means trouble , " she said Tuesday . Zimbabweans are accustomed to violence , but the beatings and bloodshed have been epidemic since early April , days after opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai pushed longtime President Robert Mugabe into a runoff election for the nation 's top post . Tsvangirai dropped out of the race this week , citing intimidation and vote-rigging . He is now in hiding at the Dutch Embassy , uncertain like most Zimbabweans whether the violence would continue . Zimbabweans and outside observers say militias loyal to Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front  ZANU-PF  have engaged in intimidation tactics designed to deter Tsvangirai 's supporters from casting ballots . Watch people run in fear " "  Violence has been taking place mainly in the countryside , people having their hands chopped off , fingers broken , etc. -- the reason for that being to prevent them from voting in the runoff , " said a journalist Tuesday in an e-mail from Harare . Both the woman and journalist requested anonymity out of fear they could be targeted for talking . "  If you talk too much , they come looking for you , they hunt you down , they beat you , " the woman told CNN . Rapes and maimings are being reported across the country . On Monday , the United Nations Security Council condemned "  the campaign of violence , " which it said was responsible for scores of dead opposition activists and the beatings of thousands . Watch why the U.N. says a fair election is impossible " "  There are so many people who are dying right now . We 're not even sure how many people have died , " said the woman in Harare , Zimbabwe 's capital . In his letter announcing he was dropping out of the presidential race , Tsvangirai said at least 86 people have been killed , 10,000 wounded and 200,000 people displaced . At a rally Monday in Chipinge , a rural town near the Mozambique border , Mugabe brushed off the death toll , calling Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change a creation of the West . "  Britain and her allies are telling a lot of lies about Zimbabwe , saying a lot of people are dying . These are all lies because they want to build a situation to justify their intervention in Zimbabwe , " Mugabe said , according to the state-run Herald newspaper . Watch how past interventions in Africa have fared " In his Tuesday letter , Tsvangirai -- who has called the election "  a sham " -- said the impossibility of a fair election convinced him to bow out . "  The violence , intimidation , death , destruction of property is just too much for anyone to dream of a free and fair election , let alone expect our people to be able to freely and independently express ... themselves , " he wrote . "  For this reason , my party and I have resolved that we can not be part to this flawed process . " The journalist was in the capital Sunday when ZANU-PF youths attacked an opposition rally at a stadium , just hours before Tsvangirai announced his exit from the poll . Despite a Saturday court order allowing the rally , the militias blocked the roads as MDC supporters arrived , he said . "  Those who tried to ask the reasons why , they were assaulted , " the journalist said . "  Later , some MDC supporters came chanting songs and they were beaten up by the ZANU-PF militia with logs , stones or anything that was in sight . " Mugabe has denied accusations of violence and has countered that MDC supporters are inciting violence across Zimbabwe . Watch how Londoners want to "  make Mugabe history " " The journalist said he has seen violence perpetrated by MDC faithful , but it is a recent phenomenon and usually retaliatory . "  I saw a ZANU-PF youth being beaten Sunday evening , " the journalist said . "  He had been spotted at the rally venue and was then followed to his home in the evening by MDC youths . " The government-sponsored violence has scared people into carrying and wearing ZANU-PF regalia -- flags , bandanas and T-shirts bearing the national colors and emblazoned with "  100 percent empowerment . " Other popular slogans include "  WW , " which means "  win or war , " and the more blunt , "  June 27 Mugabe in office by whatever means . " "  WW means if ZANU-PF loses it goes to war , " the journalist said . "  It is a threat or meant to confuse the electorate . It shows that ZANU-PF has nothing to sell to the people for them to vote for it , so they now resort to intimidation . " The journalist said he witnessed such saber-rattling at a ZANU-PF rally last week in Norton , about 19 miles southwest of Harare . "  People were told that they must not vote again for the MDC or there will be war , " he said . "  They were told that there would be a camera seeing how they would have voted . " See how the election unfolded " Even MDC supporters are tying the red-yellow-and-green ZANU-PF bandanas around their neck or over their heads , said the woman in Harare . "  You need to move around with this , " she said . "  If you 're driving a car , you need to have this in your car . I have one in my car now . If you do n't , they will think you 're MDC and they will mess you up big time . " Added the journalist , "  Because of the violence taking place , people have been looking for ZANU-PF regalia to ` protect ' themselves . The assumption is that if you are in ZANU-PF regalia , you support it . " Asked if hopes for Zimbabwe 's future dissipated with Tsvangirai 's departure from the race , the journalist said there are mixed emotions . Some are eager to vote Friday and want to "  finish off " Mugabe , some are tired of the violence , some are hopeless and some are scared , he said . Others are relieved Tsvangirai dropped out because it could mean an end to the violence . "  Myself , I 've lost hope , " said the woman in Harare . Even if the violence were to vanish , Zimbabwe would remain crippled by its economy , long decimated by inflation and unemployment . Basic goods are scarce and expensive . Loaves of bread last year sold for about 5,000 Zimbabwean dollars , the woman said . The price then was steep because of skyrocketing inflation , but today , 5,000 Z-dollars would be a bargain . Watch a Zimbabwean envoy warn against micromanagement " Recently , she said , she saw bread selling for 550 million Z-dollars . "  That was quite reasonable , " she said of food prices of late . The woman said she makes the equivalent of $ 10 a month . Though the official exchange rate is 7.5 billion Z-dollars to the U.S. dollar , the Harare woman said she has seen exchange rates as high as 15 billion to 1 . Even if you have money , it 's not guaranteed you can get basic necessities . The government has imposed price controls , forcing manufacturers to close their doors because they can not make a living . "  Basically , there are no goods to talk about , " the journalist said . "  Most commodities are now on the black market . " You could stand in line for two or three hours for bread and not get a slice , and the price for a loaf on the black market could be as much as 10 billion Z-dollars , the woman in Harare said , explaining that she has made the 300-mile drive to South Africa to pick up food because there were no real grocery options in Zimbabwe . Watch Tsvangirai explain times are desperate " "  The way our money has changed , " she said , "  I 've had a tough time keeping up . " There are questions about whether the southeastern African country 's leaders can negotiate a settlement to mitigate Zimbabwe 's turmoil . Mugabe said at a rally Tuesday that he would be "  open to discussion " but only after the runoff , the Herald reported . Tsvangirai said Wednesday that he was open to considering a postponed election , or even a negotiated transition of power . Tsvangirai also said in his Tuesday letter , and reiterated Wednesday , that he would consider a new election . However , it would rely heavily on the oversight of the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission , which Tsvangirai has accused of espousing the philosophy "  that a president does not come to power through the electoral process , but rather , through the barrel of a gun . " Until the commission can ensure a free and fair election , Tsvangirai wrote Tuesday , "  the presidential election question remains unresolved . "	Journalist says he 's seen "  people having their hands chopped off , fingers broken " U.N. says scores killed , thousands beaten in "  campaign of violence " Harare woman : ZANU-PF "  will mess you up big time " if you 're pro-opposition Loaf of bread about 550 million Z-dollars , or up to 10 billion Z-dollars on black market
CNN  -- Deep-sea explorers say they have solved "  one of the greatest mysteries in naval history " with the discovery of what was "  the world 's mightiest and most technically advanced warship " when it sank in 1744 . The HMS Victory sank in 1744 . The HMS Victory -- the predecessor to a historic British flagship of the same name -- was found "  far from where history says it was lost , " Odyssey Marine Exploration said in a news release Monday . The find in the English Channel exonerates Adm. Sir John Balchin , one of "  the greatest admirals in English history , " because it shows that the ship went down in a violent storm , not due to any mistakes he made , Odyssey said . It did not specify the ship 's exact location . Maritime lore said the ship went down in the northern part of the Channel Islands , south of England near the coast of France . Stories about treasures -- including gold -- that may have been on the ship have existed ever since its disappearance . This HMS Victory was a predecessor to the historic British ship that took the same name and which served as Admiral Nelson 's flagship in the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805 . In court papers seeking exclusive salvage rights , Odyssey says the wreck site "  consists of cannons and other unidentified objects . Odyssey believes that potentially valuable cargo may be located at or near the site . " The papers were filed in U.S. District Court in Tampa , Florida , where Odyssey is based , seeking exclusive salvage rights . There were nearly 1,000 people aboard -- "  900 sailors , plus a complement of marines and 50 volunteers drawn from the noblest families of England , " Odyssey said in information about the ship released together with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find . Based on reports from the time , there may be as much as four tons of gold on the ship , Odyssey and the Discovery Channel said . "  Additional research indicates that there were large quantities of both silver and gold coins aboard . ... Research suggests that this prize money will also likely be located at the wreck site . " ... However , no coins have been located at the site to date , and no accurate assessment as to their value can be made prior to location , recovery and analysis . " The potential treasure also comes in another form -- bronze weaponry . "  The site 's anticipated ordnance collection " includes "  the single largest collection of bronze cannon in the world " and "  the largest consignment of bronze guns ever manufactured and preserved today , " Odyssey said . Two cannons have been recovered -- "  a 12-pounder featuring the royal arms of George II " and a "  42-pounder bearing the crest of George I , " it said . "  The huge 42-pounder recovered is the only known example of a gun of this type and size currently in existence on dry land . The only other artifacts recovered to date were two small brick fragments that were brought into U.S. federal court in order to file an admiralty arrest of the site . " Admiralty arrest is a step mandated under international maritime law . The discovery could set up a legal battle with the British government . If it really is the HMS Victory , "  her remains are sovereign immune , " the British Ministry of Defense  MOD  said in a statement on its blog Monday . "  The wreck remains the property of the Crown . We have not waived our rights to it . This means that no intrusive action may be taken without the express consent of the United Kingdom . " In its statement , Odyssey said it "  has been cooperating closely " with the ministry , and "  all activities at the site have been conducted in accordance with protocols agreed with MOD and Royal Navy officials . " The ship has deteriorated to the point that recovering it is impossible , Odyssey said . "  A plan is being developed for an archaeological excavation of the site , and artifacts will be recovered in accordance with a scientific project plan , which will be submitted to the UK MOD for review and approval . " The company has proposed that it be paid "  with either ... a percentage of the value of the collection that has been recovered , conserved and presented to the UK government , or a percentage of the coins or other artifacts that the government decides to  sell  . " The ship was found nearly 100 km  62 miles  "  from where the ship was historically believed to have been wrecked on a reef near the Channel Islands , " Odyssey 's statement said . "  Having discovered it in deep water far from where history says it was lost has served to exonerate Admiral Balchin and his officers from the accusation of having let the ship run aground on the Casquets due to faulty navigation , " said Greg Stemm , Odyssey 's chief executive officer , in the statement . Odyssey said the "  prevailing belief " about the ship 's fate was that it had "  smashed into the Casquets , a group of rocky islets " north of Guernsey , the second largest of the Channel Islands . But the evidence , Odyssey 's statement said , suggests "  the ship sank as the result of a violent storm and suggests that the design and construction of the ship contributed to her loss . " Odyssey released press materials about the ship in cooperation with the Discovery Channel , which chronicled the find and will be showing it in a program this week called Treasure Quest . "  The English Channel is a treacherous place to navigate , " Discovery Channel President John Ford told CNN Radio . "  The ship was returning from Portugal and got caught up in a storm . And despite being judged unsinkable at the time , sort of like the Titanic was , this very , very large ship went down in a storm and vanished without a trace . " CNN Radio 's April Williams contributed to this report	Team says it has discovered the wreck site of HMS Victory Victory sank in 1744 between England and France If find is confirmed , it could set up a legal battle with the British government Replacement HMS Victory served as Nelson flagship for Battle of Trafalgar in 1805
CNN  -- Twenty-three homeless shelter pods barnacled to the side of a railroad station in Marseilles , France , are safe , for now . Once they touch the ground , most legal bets are off . That 's sort of the point , bien sr . Architect and former graffiti artist Stphane Malka seeks out these neglected armpits of cities ' public space and transforms them into light , flexible , emergency housing . He calls the process "  architectural kama sutra " because of the unorthodox  and exciting  positioning of the structures next to , above , or below traditional buildings and city elements . A-kamp47 , as the Marseilles project is called , will be included in a series of similar efforts for Malka 's book , Le Petit Pari  s  , coming out in February of next year . Malka designed A-kamp47 -- the title a nod to the city 's drug-fueled gun violence problem -- in 2009 , but it was erected this past September in just 12 hours . The domes , which resemble a group of camouflage spider eggs , feature thermal blankets and storage space , the simplest requirements for temporary stays . All but one pod can fit two people , hence the number 47 . Putting up the structure in September was also part of Malka 's strategy . "  In France , there 's a rule saying in wintertime , you ca n't take someone out of housing , " Malka explains . Meant to protect low - and middle income workers from being pushed out of housing and into the suburbs by obscene rent increases , recently passed laws now guarantee that most renters wo n't end up on the streets during the coldest months . According to Malka , the rule applies to A-kamp47 . And because the structure is tacked to the side of the Marseilles-Saint-Charles train station , and not sitting horizontally on the property of the nearby cultural center , it also qualifies as public space . Hoisting shelters on a wall plays another role as well -- that of visibility . While low and middle income workers might be quietly shuffled out of city centers in the spring , summer , and fall , Malka 's work turns French cities ' housing crisis into a living , breathing billboard year-round . "  Homelessness is very important , but it 's almost like a caricature of what 's happened . People in the low class and even in the middle class do n't have the power to afford to stay in decent houses , especially in France , " Malka says . "  This is a failure of the housing system as we know it . We 'll be facing in the years to come more climate refugees , more political refugees , and the city will have to stand massive amounts of people coming . " Oddly , though , the people using the A-kamp47 are n't native Marseillais . When Malka went back to visit the structure in October , it was mostly populated by young travelers .  Those would be the groups of curiously well-dressed homeless people you see in pictures above  . Still , Malka hopes his project inspires other architects to work on more community-minded projects that take advantage of public space . "  I really think that for architects now there are new ways , technical ways and methods , that would take us out of not only being the arm of the government , " he says . "  We can be more open to societal problems . " Copyright  2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	A French artist has turned the sides of urban public spaces into emergency shelters Erected in just 12 hours , the domes provide a sleeping space for 47 people per night By building them on a wall , the artist hopes to make France 's homelessness problem visible
CNN  -- Students at Florida A&M University in Tallahassee held a vigil Sunday night to remember a basketball player who was stabbed to death earlier in the day . Police found Shannon Washington with a knife wound to her neck in her apartment early Sunday morning . She later died at a hospital . Authorities have charged a friend , 20-year-old Starquineshia Palmer , with first-degree murder in the death . Police said Palmer was visiting Washington for the weekend , but have not disclosed a motive in the killing . "  For Shannon to be killed in the prime of her life is tragic and senseless , " said FAMU President James Ammons . "  She had so much promise as a student athlete . This is a great loss for the university and our athletic program . " Washington transferred to the university from Illinois Valley Community College and was expected to play in the fall as a shooting guard .	Police find Shannon Washington with a knife wound to the neck They arrest a friend who was visiting for the weekend Authorities have not disclosed a motive University president : "  She had so much promise as a student athlete "
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  After months of intensive questioning , a jury has finally been picked for the trial of Colorado movie theater massacre suspect James Holmes . Twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list . The group includes 19 women and five men . It 's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged . It 's a key step in the case , and it 's been a long time coming . Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors . But the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up . Holmes ' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated Tuesday . The judge denied their request , noting that a jury had already been seated . Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27 . Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of "  The Dark Knight Rises " on July 20 , 2012 . The one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder charges . Now 27 , he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . If convicted of the most serious charges , he could face a death sentence . Wearing a gray dress shirt and tan slacks , Holmes sat quietly in court on Tuesday , looking relaxed and leaning back in his chair for much of the day as lawyers made their picks from the jury pool . He looked down often , but smiled occasionally , such as when the judge made a joke about a juror needing to share his Cheetos and when the district attorney accidentally addressed a male juror as a "  Miss. " Even though he looked calm , defense lawyer Tamara Brady started her question and answer session with jurors Tuesday by expression concerns about Holmes getting a fair and impartial trial , saying "  I 'm nervous " and "  my client is nervous . " District Attorney George Brauchler warned jurors to brace themselves . Tuesday 's court session , he said , was the lawyers ' last chance to find out if there is "  any reason you should n't be one of the 24 to sit through the four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine . " CNN 's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Centennial City . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	In the murder trial of James Holmes , 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected The mostly middle-aged group includes 19 women and five men Jury selection started in January ; opening statements are scheduled to begin on April 27
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Saturday urged Egypt 's first democratically elected leader to "  assert the full authority of the presidency . " After her meeting with President Mohamed Morsy -- the first such visit by a U.S. Cabinet official -- Clinton stressed that it was up to Egypt 's people to shape the country 's political future . But she also noted that the United States would work "  to support the military 's return to a purely national security role . " "  The United States supports the full transition to civilian rule , with all that it entails , " she said . Clinton 's visit came as Egypt is in the throes of domestic political chaos , with Morsy in a tug of war with the military leadership in Cairo . The Islamist president does n't have his own Cabinet in place , and there is no parliament . "  This is a time marked by historic firsts , but also great uncertainty . Egyptians are in the midst of complex negotiations about almost every facet of the transition , " Clinton said . As photographers snapped pictures of their meeting , Morsy told Clinton , "  We are very , very keen to meet you and happy that you are here . " The tone of the meeting was cordial and constructive , with much back and forth , according to a senior State Department official who described the talks on condition of anonymity . Clinton laid out U.S. ideas for supporting Egypt 's fragile economy and the two discussed regional security issues , the official said . Clinton commended Morsy 's public commitment to national unity and pluralism . Clinton made it clear the United States will stand up for universal human rights , the official said . For his part , Morsy underscored the expectations of Egyptians for a complete democratic transition and stressed his commitment to dialogue with all stakeholders , according to the official . Earlier this week , Clinton sent a message to Egypt 's leaders to talk to one another and settle their differences for the good of the people , saying both the president and the military needed to work together to avoid derailing Egypt 's democratic transition . Clinton met Saturday with Egyptian Foreign Minister Kamel Amr and told reporters President Barack Obama wants to relieve up to $ 1 billion in Egyptian debt and help foster innovation , growth and job creation . The United States is ready to make available $ 250 million in loan guarantees to Egyptian businesses , Clinton said . On Sunday , Clinton is scheduled to meet with Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , head of Egypt 's military council . Tantawi , a 76-year-old career infantry officer , fought in Egypt 's 1956 , 1967 and 1973 wars with Israel . Egypt 's military is the foundation of the modern state , having overthrown the country 's monarchy in 1952 . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which assumed legislative powers after it dissolved parliament , continues to wield that power even after Morsy 's swearing-in . It will retain those powers until a new parliament is sworn in near the end of the year . In the presidential election , Morsy edged out Ahmed Shafik -- the last prime minister to serve under former President Hosni Mubarak -- winning nearly 52 % of the votes cast . He resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party shortly after the results were announced in an apparent effort to send a message that he will represent all Egyptians . But the country 's political uncertainty has continued since he took office June 30 . Clinton aides said the secretary of state wanted to visit Cairo early after Morsy 's swearing-in to show that the Obama administration wants to help the new government improve Egypt 's economy . During her visit , the secretary was expected to discuss equality for the country 's Coptic Christians , who have faced persecution in the past . She was scheduled to meet with Christian leaders from across Egypt on Sunday to discuss their concerns . Is Clinton visit the push Cairo needs ? The peace treaty with Israel and the situation in the Sinai on the border between the two countries will also be high on the agenda . Both the United States and Israel have been concerned about recent cross-border attacks into Israel that have heightened tensions between both countries . The area has seen an explosive mix of trafficking of weapons and people across the border from Sudan , coupled with a variety of terrorist groups moving increasingly freely in the area . Does the U.S. matter any more in Egypt and Israel ? On the same day of Clinton 's visit , Egyptian state media reported that security services in North Sinai were intensifying efforts to get a kidnapped American couple and their tour guide released . Bedouin kidnappers want authorities to release a relative who is in detention in Alexandria on drug charges , said Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of security in the North Sinai . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Mubarak last year . The U.S. Embassy in Cairo said it was "  in close touch with Egyptian authorities , who are doing everything they can to bring about safe release of the American tourists . " Clinton 's meeting with Morsy kicks off what is expected to be a steady stream of high-level U.S. officials to visit Cairo in coming months , including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta within the next few weeks and culminating with a possible meeting with President Barack Obama on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in September .	The meeting was constructive with extensive dialogue , U.S. official says "  The United States supports the full transition to civilian rule , " Clinton says Her visit is the first meeting of a U.S. Cabinet official with President Mohamed Morsy It comes as Egypt is in the throes of domestic political chaos
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration announced Friday that it had shuffled some key management jobs as it continues its review of the controversy over sleeping and inattentive controllers . It also named four members to a review panel that will evaluate the FAA 's controller training programs to make sure new controllers are properly prepared . The panel will submit a report to FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt this fall . "  We are continuing to do everything in our power to ensure that our nation 's aviation system remains the safest in the world , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . He called the changes "  just the beginning of the process . " The controversy , which grew in recent weeks to include more than a half-dozen alleged sleeping or inattentive controllers , had already claimed a top FAA official , Henry "  Hank " Krakowski , who resigned his post as head of the FAA 's Air Traffic Organization . It has also fired three air traffic controllers in Miami , Knoxville , Tennessee , and Seattle who were found to have slept on the job , and is continuing its review of other controllers . In the changes announced Friday , the FAA said it is repositioning three veteran FAA managers to critical roles . Walt Cochran will oversee terminal operations , where he will be responsible for FAA airport towers and regional radar facilities . Chris Metts will oversee all of the FAA 's "  en route " and oceanic operations . Glen Martin will become air traffic manager at the Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center . The FAA said it also is assessing key mid-level management positions "  to ensure that both technical and leadership expectations are being met . " The members of the independent review panel are : Michael Barr , University of Southern California Aviation , Safety & Security program ; Tim Brady , Embry Riddle Aeronautical University ; Garth Koleszar , National Air Traffic Controllers Association ; Michael New , United Airlines ; and Julia Pounds , FAA . Earlier this month , the FAA changed work schedules to allow controllers more time off between shifts , and Babbitt and controller union president Paul Rinaldi toured facilities to send a message to controllers about job expectations . The FAA said it and union teams have so far visited facilities in and around 20 major U.S. cities , including Atlanta , Boston , Chicago , Dallas-Ft . Worth , Miami , Minneapolis , New York , Sacramento and Salt Lake City . "  The FAA 's focus is safety . These changes ensure that we have the right people in the right places to help us carry out our mission , " Babbitt said in a statement Friday . "  I am confident our top-to-bottom review is making our air traffic system even safer . "	The FAA shuffles key management jobs amid controllers controversy It names four members to a review panel that will evaluate training programs The panel will submit a report to FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt this fall The controversy includes more than a half-dozen alleged sleeping or inattentive controllers
CNN  -- After years of resisting calls from fans , sports pundits and even President Barack Obama , key conference commissioners announced Thursday that they 'd propose some variation of a college football playoff . The leaders of numerous interscholastic athletic conferences -- including the Big 12 , Big Ten and Southeastern Conference -- and Notre Dame released a joint statement Thursday signaling its intentions following ongoing deliberations about postseason play in college football . In it , they stated that an eight-team and a 16-team playoff were not going to happen because doing so would "  diminish the regular season and harm the bowls . " That refers to the existing system , in which winning top-level teams traditionally get the chance to play in one postseason bowl game after they 've finished their regular season . Yet the conference commissioners opened the door to a pared down playoff . "  We will present to our conferences a very small number of four-team options , each of which could be carried out in a number of ways , " the commissioners said . The statement noted that ongoing topics of discussion , as they relate to the playoff proposal , include whether these extra games will occur on "  campus sites or neutral sites , " how they 'd be incorporated into the present bowl structure and how teams would qualify . "  Our process is proceeding as planned , and we look forward to further conversations , " the commissioners said . College football 's leadership resistance to a playoff system , which exists in many other interscholastic sports , has elicited strong reactions for years . Among many others , Obama weighed in just days before his inauguration in January 2009 when he said , "  We need a playoff . " SI.com : Happy V-BCS Day Currently , the BCS system limits automatic bids to the winners of the Big Ten , Big East , Big 12 , Atlantic Coast Conference , Pac 12 and the Southeastern Conference , thereby leaving out other conferences , including almost all the schools in the Rocky Mountain region . Only two remaining at-large spots are available to all other colleges and universities . The top two ranked teams , as judged by the system 's criteria , play in a championship game . Some contend that under the present setup , strong teams that are not in the more prestigious athletic conferences unfairly lose out on potentially millions of dollars in revenue . The U.S. Justice Department sent a letter last May to the National Collegiate Athletic Association stating that the Bowl Championship Series , or BCS , system "  may not be conducted consistent with the competition principles expressed in federal antitrust laws . " This letter was released after Sen. Orrin Hatch , a Utah Republican and major opponent of the existing system , raised the issue with Attorney General Eric Holder at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing . Holder responded that the Justice Department had sent the letter to the NCAA about the issue . Afterward , BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock said the current system had "  improved competition " and "  dramatically increased access to top-tier bowl games for schools from  nonautomatic qualifying  conferences . " "  The BCS was carefully created with antitrust laws in mind , and I am confident that it is fully compliant with those laws , " Hancock said then .	BCS commissioners rule out an 8 - or 16-team college football playoff But they will ask their conferences ' members to consider a 4-team playoff The lack of a playoff has drawn criticism and Justice Department attention
CNN  -- The midflight breakdown of a JetBlue pilot has sparked concerns about psychological screening for flight crews . Capt. Clayton Osbon 's erratic behavior prompted Flight 191 from New York to Las Vegas to make an unscheduled landing in Amarillo , Texas , on Tuesday after crew and passengers intervened and subdued the 49-year-old pilot . Osbon "  yelled jumbled comments about Jesus , September 11th , Iraq , Iran , and terrorists , " according to a federal criminal complaint filed against Osbon . One passenger quoted Osbon as saying , "  Pray f ------ now for Jesus Christ , " the complaint said . "  It just seemed like something triggered him to go off the wall . He would be calm one minute and then just all of a sudden turn , " said passenger Jason Levin . JetBlue pilot charged with interfering with flight crew JetBlue has not elaborated on the pilot 's condition , but CEO Dave Barger referred to the incident as a "  medical situation . " The pilot 's behavior points to possible psychological distress , doctors say . The episode could be the result of bipolar disorder or a recent start on antidepressant medication , said Dr. Charles Raison , a psychiatrist at the University of Arizona and CNN consultant who has not treated Osbon . Medical illnesses such as brain tumors , subtle seizures or hormonal imbalances could also have caused Osbon 's behavior , Raison said . All airline pilots are required by the Federal Aviation Administration to have a first-class medical certificate that must be renewed annually for pilots younger than 40 and every six months for pilots 40 and older . JetBlue follows all FAA pilot requirements , the airline said . Pilots must be examined by an aviation medical examiner as part of that process , and a candidate 's psychological condition is assessed . The exam does not include a formal psychiatric evaluation , although the examiner should "  form a general impression of the emotional stability and mental state of the applicant , " according to FAA 's Guide for Aviation Medical Examiners . Bipolar disorders , psychotic disorders , personality disorders that involve "  acting out " and substance dependence generally are disqualifying conditions , according to the guide . In these cases , the examiner would either deny issuing the certificate or defer it and report evidence of significant problems to the FAA , the guide says . "  If the person is exhibiting any signs of psychosis , thinks he 's on the moon , is disoriented in time and place , if he 's taking any medicines -- and the FAA is very strict -- the computer wo n't even let me give an exam if medicines are not approved . It 's very strict under those circumstances , " said Dr. Gabriel Guardarramas , an FAA-approved New York family doctor who performs about 40 pilot exams a year . Guardarramas said one pilot grieving the death of his father raised a red flag for him and he deferred certification to the FAA . "  Pilots as a rule are extremely stable people , " said retired airline Capt. Steve Luckey , a 33-year veteran . "  By the time a person becomes a commercial pilot , they 've gone through so many filters . " However , the agency 's strict criteria prompt some to hide their conditions , according to two pilots who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity out of concern for their own careers . One veteran with three decades of experience said he 's known just a single fellow pilot who sought treatment for depression . The treatment lasted eight or nine months , and he never told his employer , the pilot said . "  A guy has worked his whole career toward what he 's gotten , and he 's dealing with issues , what does he do ? If he says , ` Hey , I 'm depressed , ' then the FAA pulls his medical certificates and then there goes his career . " Another veteran pilot echoed that sentiment : "  Yes , pilots are flying around depressed because if they do  admit depression  , they 'll be grounded . " "  Pilots are generally well psychologically screened for all the right reasons . Some people snap . If this pilot did indeed snap , it does n't surprise me . There 's tremendous pressure out there in the pilot group , and that 's something the public should care about , " the pilot said . In its medical examiners guide , the FAA says pilots being treated with four specific antidepressants may receive medical clearance , which would be decided on a case-by-case basis . Osbon 's breakdown comes just weeks after an American Airlines flight attendant 's behavior alarmed passengers and prompted flight crew members to restrain her while the plane was taxiing . One passenger said the flight attendant described herself as bipolar and said she had not taken her medication . Other accounts referred to her talking on the intercom about the plane crashing . American Airlines has not identified her , and no charges have been filed . She remains employed by the company , the airline said Wednesday . American said the airline follows all FAA rules . Unlike pilots , flight attendants are not required to pass medical examinations before they fly , according to the Association of Flight Attendants , a union that does not represent American Airlines workers . "  However , flight attendants do have to go through recurrent training each year to refresh their emergency situation skills , " said AFA spokeswoman Corey Caldwell . They are also required to receive proficiency certification from the FAA . She added that "  in most cases , " flight attendants could be treated for various conditions and still perform "  as first responders efficiently , " noting that red flags would probably come up during the initial six - to eight-week training period or during a probationary period of up to a year . In addition to the pressure of performing the duties of flying itself , airline employees face the added stress of trying to survive in an industry fraught with restructuring , bankruptcies and other uncertainties . "  This industry is very turbulent , " Caldwell said . "  And after 9/11 , these workers really went through a very difficult time personally and professionally . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Katia Hetter and Lizzie O'Leary contributed to this report .	JetBlue : Pilot incident a "  medical situation " Doctor : Erratic behavior points to possible psychological distress FAA requires medical evaluation , including psychological assessment Pilots : Some do not report depression treatment , fearing for their jobs
Tokyo  CNN  -- Some plutonium found in soil on the grounds of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant may have come from its earthquake-damaged reactors , but it poses no human health risk , the plant 's owners reported Monday . The element was found in soil samples taken March 21-22 from five locations around the plant , the Tokyo Electric Power Company told CNN late Monday . The company said it was equivalent to the amounts that fell on Japan following aboveground nuclear weapons tests by other countries in past decades . "  It is not a health risk to humans , " the company said . But it added , "  Just in case , TEPCO will increase the monitoring of the nuclear plant grounds and the surrounding environment . " Plutonium is a byproduct of nuclear reactions that is also part of the fuel mix at the plant 's No. 3 reactor . It can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Three plutonium isotopes -- Pu-238 , -239 and -240 -- were found in soil at five different points inside the plant grounds , Tokyo Electric reported . It said that plutonium found in two of the samples could have come out of the reactors that were damaged by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that ravaged northern Japan . All three isotopes have long half-lives , with plutonium-239 taking 24,000 years to lose half its radioactivity . Plutonium-238 has an 87-year half-life , while plutonium-240 's is more than 6,500 years . The company said the discovery would not change efforts to bring an end to the crisis at the plant , where three of the six reactors are believed to have suffered damage to their radioactive cores . From CNN 's Whitney Hurst	The amount found is comparable to fallout from old nuclear tests Tokyo Electric says the discovery poses no risk to humans But company says it will increase monitoring "  just in case "
CNN  -- Ongoing sectarian violence has left 52 people dead in a southern Pakistani city in the last few days , police said Thursday . Unknown gunmen opened fire Thursday evening on two buses in the city of Karachi , killing 10 people and wounding 20 , said Muhammad Aslam , a Karachi police official . In a separate incident Thursday evening in Karachi 's Orangi Town neighborhood , three people were killed by shooting on a residential colony , Aslam said . Another 11 people were killed Thursday , 18 on Wednesday and 10 on Tuesday , during clashes in several neighborhoods in Karachi , said Arslan Umar , a police official in the city . The clashes have been blamed on a bitter rivalry between the political parties of Muttahida Qaumi Movement  MQM  and the Awami National Party  ANP  . The MQM mostly represents Urdu-speaking people , who migrated to Pakistan from India during partition in 1947 , while the Awami National Party , represents Pashto speakers -- more of whom are moving to Karachi from northwest Pakistan in search of jobs . Violence between supporters of the two parties and other turf wars in Karachi have killed hundreds in recent years . From CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Nasir Habib .	NEW : 10 dead in shooting aboard a bus in Karachi The violence began Tuesday , police say The clashes involve Urdu-speaking and Pashto-speaking political parties Violence between supporters of the two parties has caused many deaths in recent years
CNN  -- The attempted attack on a Northwest Airlines flight Friday fell almost to the day eight years after another failed solo attack on an international flight . Two months after 19 jihadists hijacked airplanes and flew them into the World Trade Centers , the Pentagon and a Pennsylvania field , Richard Reid attempted to detonate explosives hidden in his sneakers on an American Airlines flight from Paris , France , to Miami , Florida . Passengers thwarted his plan , and the plane landed safely in Boston , Massachusetts . Reid pleaded guilty to terrorism charges in October 2002 and is serving a life sentence at the nation 's super-maximum security prison in Florence , Colorado . American Airlines Flight 63 , carrying 197 people from Paris to Miami was diverted to Boston on December 22 , 2001 , after passengers and crew saw Reid trying to light a fuse and subdued him by tying him to his seat . A doctor on board administered a tranquilizer . FBI bomb technicians and explosives experts found explosives in Reid 's shoes . Reid , a British citizen and convert to Islam , pleaded guilty to all eight counts against him -- including attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , attempted homicide and placing an explosive device on an aircraft . "  At the end of the day , I know I did the actions , " Reid said when entering his plea . "  Basically I got on a plane with a bomb . Basically I tried to ignite it . " Previously , Reid had called himself a disciple of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and an enemy of the United States . He also said he did not recognize the U.S. legal system . Zacarias Moussaoui , the only person convicted in the United States for his role in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , said during his 2006 sentencing trial that he and Reid were supposed to be part of the attacks on U.S. targets . But Reid testified via a statement that although he knew Moussaoui , he knew nothing about the 2001 attacks , which killed nearly 3,000 people , and was not to be part of them . The day before Reid went on his solo mission , he wrote a letter to his mother bequeathing his belongings to Moussaoui , casting further doubt on Moussaoui 's claim that they later intended to die together in what court documents called a "  martyrdom operation . " Moussaoui was arrested in August 2001 in Minnesota after instructors at the flight school he was attending reported he was acting suspiciously and did not have much flying experience . Throughout his legal proceedings he repeatedly changed his story . He pleaded guilty to terrorism conspiracy and is also serving a life sentence in the Colorado prison .	Friday incident comes eight years after another failed solo attack on an international flight Richard Reid attempted to detonate explosives in his shoes on international flight FBI bomb technicians and explosives experts found explosives in Reid 's shoes Reid , a British citizen and convert to Islam , pleaded guilty to all eight counts against him
CNN  -- Recently , the chairman of the U.S. bishops ' Committee on Religious Liberty argued that the Obama administration 's requirement that most health insurance plans cover contraception goes against "  the mandate of Jesus Christ . " But Jesus said nothing about contraception coverage , of course , or most any other issues related to sexuality . So , what is the issue ? The current mandate would require that Catholic institutions like universities and hospitals include coverage for contraception and sterilization , although it exempts Catholic parishes . Official Catholic teaching is against contraception and sterilization . But this issue goes beyond internal Catholic Church concerns and moves into the public arena . The U.S. Catholic bishops and other conservative Christian groups have argued that the Obama administration 's requirement wars with religious liberty and the role of conscience . Last Sunday , at least 100 bishops had letters read at masses in their dioceses imploring Catholics to oppose this coverage . Newspapers have carried stories of Catholic bishops making apocalyptic predictions that Catholic universities and hospitals would have to close their doors if this coverage is allowed . But who is really making this argument besides the bishops and a minority of conservative Catholics and Christians , especially when studies show that 98 % of sexually active Catholic women have used contraceptives ? First , a brief history . Since the 1930s and the Lambeth Conference of the Anglican Church , most Christian denominations have allowed for contraceptives , leaving the decision up to married couples . The Catholic Church rejected that position , standing relatively alone on the issue , and has allowed , since 1951 , only the rhythm method for birth control  this is now called natural family planning  . When the Catholic Church went through changes in the 1960s , during the Second Vatican Council , or Vatican II  1962-1965  , the pope formed a committee outside of the council to evaluate the stand against contraceptives . The result : 75 out of 90 on the committee recommended that the church allow for contraceptives for married couples . Even so , in 1968 , Pope Paul VI issued the encyclical  papal document  Humanae Vitae  Of Human Life  , in which he rejected the conclusion of the committee and maintained the church 's opposition to contraception for married couples . Immediately , Catholic theologians issued a statement disagreeing with the encyclical , arguing against its methods and conclusions , and maintaining that Catholics may act responsibly by following their well-informed consciences on the issue . Since that time , studies have shown that most Catholic couples use some form of contraception . Most Catholic theologians  professors of theology at colleges and universities  reject the church 's teaching on the issue , and have argued that a teaching that the majority of the faithful have rejected is not valid . Those are historical facts . Fast-forward to now , when the bishops and other Christian groups are appealing to the role of "  conscience , " a concept on which the bishops themselves and recent popes have put little emphasis , in contrast to the role of "  obedience . " If they are going to appeal to conscience , then they must also respect the consciences of responsible adults -- Catholic women and men , and non-Catholics who work at Catholic institutions . They must respect the role of parents to decide how many children they can have , and can afford to take care of . No one is forcing Catholics to take contraceptives . It is a question of access , and hence , of justice . They must also respect the role of Catholics to share their expertise in health care and in public policy , as Vatican II argued . Catholic theologians and other professors at academic universities have the responsibility to search for truth and to work for justice . The Catholic moral tradition has long argued that there is a difference between morality and public policy . There is another messy side to this . The Catholic Church argues that human life must be protected from the moment of conception . Therefore , contraception that works after conception to prevent implantation  around six to 10 days after conception  , such as with the IUD , would be considered as a category of abortion . So , while the Obama legislation does not require abortion coverage , that "  abortion language " has also been a part of the Catholic argument . This seems fair enough to those who would argue that a pre-implanted fertilized egg should be protected from the time of conception . But would the majority of Catholics oppose contraceptive coverage that works before conception ? And should n't women be allowed to make that decision ? Would most Catholics and Christians deny health care coverage for women because of this ? So here is the question , as I see it , as a Catholic theologian and lifelong Catholic , educated almost entirely at Catholic institutions , and taught to work for human dignity , the common good and social justice : Should the U.S. bishops speak for all Catholics on a matter of national public policy , an issue that most Catholics disagree on within their own church ? The bishops have refused to discuss this issue with their fellow Catholics for more than 40 years . And the bishops are all male . What about Catholic theologians , academics , social workers and health care professionals ? What about Catholic women ? What about the 98 % ? Public policy involves discussion , dialogue , debate , and sometimes even compromise . That does not mean compromising one 's moral principles , but it may involve compromising how those principles are legislated as a matter of public policy in a pluralistic and democratic society . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Keith Soko .	Keith Soko : Catholic bishops say Obama contraception coverage issue wars with conscience But theologians disagree , and vast majority of Catholic women use contraception , he says He says bishops must respect role of conscience in Catholics who choose contraception Soko : Should bishops speak for all Catholics on a public policy on which most disagree with them ?
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was quick to suggest that the death of Osama bin Laden offered a unique opportunity for a wider settlement in a region riven by warfare and insurgency . "  Our message to the Taliban remains the same , " she said Monday . "  You can not wait us out , you can not defeat us , but you can make the choice to abandon al Qaeda and participate in a peaceful political process . " That has been a long-cherished ambition of U.S. foreign policy -- to delink the "  good " Taliban from the "  bad " Taliban and al Qaeda as a way of bringing peace to Afghanistan . As Clinton put in a speech to the Asia Society in February , the Holy Grail was to "  split the weakened Taliban off from al Qaeda and reconcile those who will renounce violence and accept the Afghan constitution . " Achieving that goal has become all the more urgent with the looming deadline to begin the withdrawal of U.S. and coalition forces from Afghanistan , and President Obama 's goal to complete that withdrawal in 2014 . Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband has argued that the West had effectively announced the date of the end of the war ; and that was an invitation to the insurgents to bide their time . Now -- "  post OBL " - the omens may be more encouraging . The secretary of state apparently thinks so . Events across the Middle East , she said Monday , are changing the political landscape . Muslims are "  rejecting extremist narratives and charting a path of peaceful progress based on universal rights and aspirations , " she said . A deathblow to al Qaeda ? And there is polling to suggest that the appeal of al Qaeda 's message among Muslims around the world has sharply eroded , according to regular polling by the Pew Research Center . Even in Pakistan , only 18 percent had confidence in bin Laden in 2010 , compared to 52 percent in 2005 . Jihadist online forums were full of hand-wringing in January and February that the uprisings in the Middle East had passed them by , while offering a variety of strategies for co-opting or taking advantage of the unrest . Beyond this cultural shift , there are other reasons the Taliban/al Qaeda linkage may now be weaker . Pakistani journalist Ahmed Rashid , author of "  The Taliban " and "  Descent into Chaos " wrote in the Financial Times Monday that "  the Taliban do not owe al Qaeda anything now that Osama bin Laden is dead . " No obvious replacement to succeed bin Laden "  Renouncing their links with al Qaeda and negotiating as Afghans rather than as members of an international jihad has just become much easier for the Taliban , " he added . The Afghan Taliban , a home-grown movement whose principal goal is to expel foreigners , has never had that much in common philosophically with the Arab jihadists bent on using Afghanistan as the starting point in building a worldwide Caliphate . They have no record of terrorist acts beyond Afghanistan 's borders . To many observers , it was a marriage of convenience . There may also be more prosaic reasons prodding the Taliban to distance themselves from the al Qaeda leadership . If the U.S. Navy Seals did indeed come across what CNN Terrorism Analyst Peter Bergen described as a "  boatload " of evidence during the raid in Abbottabad , some of it may  just may  help in tracking down members of the Quetta leadership of the Taliban . However , analysts say it 's by no means certain that the Taliban will perceive this watershed in the way that Clinton would wish . The day before the operation that killed bin Laden , they declared the beginning of their spring offensive . They even made a point of warning that members of the Afghan Peace Council , established with great fanfare last year by President Hamid Karzai , would be targets . And they reiterated their central demand : "  The war in our country will not come to an end unless and until the foreign invading forces pull out of Afghanistan . " How U.S. forces killed Osama bin Laden The Taliban have been weakened in critical areas in the south of Afghanistan , losing strongholds in Kandahar and Helmand provinces and seeing scores of rank-and-file fighters give up the cause . But the fight in the east is as hard as ever -- and non-governmental organizations in Kabul have also spoken of a growing Taliban presence in the north . U.S. commanders acknowledge that gains made so far have been fragile -- and are reversible . A Pentagon report published last week said that expanding the Afghan government 's influence and control outside Kabul had not kept pace with recent security gains . So there are few signs that the Taliban -- even if they are tired of fighting -- can yet be strong-armed into suing for peace . In a report for the New America Foundation last year , Anand Gopal argued that the Taliban have been able to exploit the ineptitude of the government in Kabul . "  They were able to take advantage of growing disillusionment in the countryside , " he wrote . "  In particular , the dominance of one particular set of tribes caused members of other , marginalized tribes to look to the insurgency as a source of protection and access to resources . " The late Richard Holbrooke , who was the U.S. special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , acknowledged that victory on the battlefield was not on the horizon , telling CNN 's Fareed Zakaria last October that "  some kind of political element to this is essential , and we are looking at every aspect of this . " Holbrooke also made the point that the Taliban did not have a single address , a principal interlocutor like Slobodan Milosevic or the Palestinian Authority . "  There is a widely dispersed group of people that we roughly call the enemy , " he said . Referring to the diffuse nature of the Taliban , Miliband argues the West needs to reappraise its goals in Afghanistan . He described Afghanistan as "  a country of 40,000 villages and valleys , " where a political settlement needs to be "  internal with all the tribes and regional with the neighbors . " That means a political role for the Taliban . "  We have to be absolutely clear , I think , that we do see a place for conservative Pashtun in the political settlement , helping govern the south and east of the country , " Miliband told the Council on Foreign Relations recently . Some of the previous contacts between the Taliban leadership and the government in Kabul have been managed by Saudi Arabia . In September 2008 , an eleven-member Taliban delegation went to Mecca for talks mediated by King Abdullah . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported at the time that the delegation was keen to stress that Mullah Omar , the Taliban 's spiritual leader , was no longer allied to al Qaeda . But vigorous Saudi involvement might be problematic now given the Kingdom 's focus on its "  near abroad : " the chaos in Yemen and conflict in Bahrain , where Saudi troops are now stationed . Add to that the deterioration in the Kingdom 's relations with Washington over the "  Arab spring " and what the Saudis regard as a reckless abandonment by the Obama administration of long-time allies like former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Another complicating factor : Saudi Arabia is also looking to improve its relationship with Pakistan as a regional counterweight to Iranian expansionism , and Pakistan  which supported the Taliban when it ruled Afghanistan  very much wants a place at the table in any negotiation on Afghanistan 's future . In the "  plus " column , the initiative by Turkey -- an increasingly assertive regional player -- to allow the Taliban to open an office there , to help accelerate the peace process . But for now it 's just an initiative , not a reality . So while bin Laden 's demise brings opportunities , there are also great obstacles in making it the first downpayment of a peace dividend . Clinton acknowledged as much when she said Monday : "  Which way it breaks is not clear yet , " she said . "  Managing these reactions will be part of our challenge . "	Clinton sees death of Osama bin Laden as a potential avenue to peace U.S. secretary of states says Muslims are "  rejecting extremist narratives " Polls suggest that the appeal of al Qaeda is eroding among Muslims around the world The Taliban shielded bin Laden in Afghanistan for a time
CNN  -- Few will long lament the departure of Chuck Hagel as defense secretary . He was a weak choice for the job , seen as a comfortable one for President Barack Obama , a former senator he knew who was unlikely to ruffle feathers or be as challenging to work with as his stronger predecessors , Robert Gates or Leon Panetta . But if Obama thinks that pushing out Hagel will be seen as the housecleaning that many have recommended for his spluttering national security process , he is likely to be very disappointed . In the first instance , of course , Hagel ca n't be seen as the source of the tensions and frequent miscommunication that have existed between the Defense Department and the White House . Nor can White House whispers suggesting that he was n't up to the job , especially with the new threats posed by ISIS , make that case any more compelling . No one can accuse Gates or Panetta of not having been up to the job -- and the tensions with the White House existed with them as well . Do n't take my word for it . Read their books . Yes , things have been coming to a head with Hagel for a while . There was reportedly a tough memo he wrote to national security adviser Susan Rice taking issue with the administration 's handling of the crisis in Syria . The details have yet to be leaked , but apparently it caused a firestorm in the White House . In addition , remarks by Hagel and senior military officials such as Gen. Martin Dempsey on how to fight ISIS have revealed gaps between the White House and Pentagon thinking that have frustrated officials close to Obama . In fact , it is not passivity or weakness that some thought Hagel would bring to the job that have caused his downfall . Rather it was in part caused by his toughness and refusal to be just one more comfortable insider from the Senate club that is all Obama knew of Washington before he took office as President . Indeed , the real problem that brought down Hagel had little to do with Hagel at all . It had to do with the fact that since Rice took over as national security adviser , the Obama administration has been buffeted by a stunning series of foreign policy missteps and challenges that have shaken confidence in the President at home and abroad . These include growing chaos in the wake of the intervention in Libya , the consequences of pulling out too quickly in Iraq , compounded by the consequences of failing to take effective action of any sort in Syria , the resultant rise of ISIS , the mishandling of the National Security Agency revelations in ways that alienated our allies , the weak response to the Crimean adventure of Vladimir Putin and a host of related problems . None of these can be traced to Hagel . Rather they are linked to a broken national security process , a President who has become reactive -- not proactive -- and defensive , who is more tactical than strategic and who , unlike past presidents serving a second term , has shown a resistance to growing in office as a statesman . In past presidencies , from George W. Bush to Clinton to Reagan , such growth has been accompanied by changing up their national security teams . Many have urged Obama to oversee such a shake-up . Hagel , who assumed his post shortly after the start of Obama 's second term , was a sop to these critics . Easy to dismiss , not very popular and a weak advocate for the administration . Removing him will be unsettling to those in the Pentagon who realize he is being let go for advocating their views as well as to those throughout the administration who will worry whether getting rid of him will be seen as enough . The real changes needed are at a high level in the White House , in the team immediately around the President advising him on national security . Unless those changes happen , view the Hagel move as a distraction , as an effort to create the illusion of change where a shake-up is needed .	David Rothkopf : Hagel 's departure is n't the foreign policy housecleaning some have urged He says Hagel was n't cause of tensions , miscommunication with White House , Pentagon Susan Rice 's tenure as national security adviser marked by policy missteps , he says Rothkopf : To grow as statesman , Obama must shake up his foreign policy team
CNN  -- The look on moguls skier Hannah Kearney 's face said it all : A bronze medal felt like a loss to the defending Olympic champion . After posting the top score in the qualifying round , it seemed her quest to become the first freestyle skier to win two gold medals was secure . But a mistake on the top of the course in the final round left her with a 21.49 , a bronze medal score . After finally regaining her composure , the 24-year-old American tried to find a bright side : "  It 's really unfortunate it 's at the Olympics , but I 'm sure something good will come of it . I 'm just not sure what it is yet . " At the Atlanta Olympics in 1996 , Nike launched a controversial advertising campaign : "  You do n't win silver -- you lose gold . " The company pulled the ads after many complained that it violated the Olympic spirit . Kearney , it seems , would agree , as she later said she was proud to bring the Olympic medal home , albeit one of the wrong color . She is not alone . In 2008 , a tepid controversy arose regarding who had "  won " the medal count -- the unofficial tallying of medals that rose to prominence during the Cold War . At the Beijing Olympics , the United States figured itself atop the medal count with 45 total , 14 of which were gold ; the Chinese -- with 41 total -- put itself on top with 26 golds . Although the Olympic Charter states that competitions are between individuals and teams , not countries , a medal 's worth depends on who is holding it . While Kearney shed tears over her bronze , British snowboarder Jenny Jones expressed jubilation over hers in slopestyle . Having won Great Britain 's very first Olympic medal in a snow sport , Jones could barely contain her joy over her surprise third place finish , and the mayor of her hometown , Bristol , plans to welcome her back with a grand celebration . But bronzes are not just happy occasions when they are surprises . Veteran Alpine skier Julia Mancuso arrived in Sochi as the most decorated American woman in Olympic Alpine history , 1 gold and 2 silvers , and added to that haul on her first day of competition a bronze in the Super Combined . Coming off a relatively miserable season , and always a question mark in slalom , Mancuso has been known to save her best for the most high-profile moments , exemplified by her silver in the same event in Vancouver . Her successful debut in Sochi -- and she 's by no means done -- gives Mancuso a medal of every color -- the bronze completed her set . Was she happy ? "  I got a medal today , " she crowed afterward , looking just as ebullient as gold medalist Maria Hoefl-Riesch . Mancuso 's seasoned enthusiasm was equaled by the American figure skaters , who captured bronze in the inaugural team competition . With the exception of ice dancers Charlie White and Meryl Davis , predictions for U.S. skaters in Sochi have been gloomy , meaning that any medal -- bronze or otherwise -- was better than none at all . The opposite could be said for snowboarding legend Shaun White . Some competitors met with vitriol his decision to withdraw from slopestyle to stay healthy and focus on halfpipe . Perhaps critics should give him a break . For White , it is n't about a medal of any color . It 's about capturing that unprecedented third gold . For others , of course , no medal is required : Mere participation at the Olympics is victory enough . The majority of the athletes who march in the Opening Ceremony will not spend time on a podium . We know it , and more important , they know it . For these athletes , the Olympic Creed has real meaning : "  The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part . " The day before Opening , during the moguls qualifier in which Kearney did so well , teammate Heidi Kloser broke her leg in a nasty spill . While in the ambulance , she asked her father if she was still an Olympian , to which he replied "  Of course you are . " The next evening she made it so , getting to Fisht Olympic Stadium in a wheelchair , and then walking , albeit on crutches , with her team during the Parade of Nations . In Sochi , Kloser had been a serious medal contender , but in the end it was n't about competing , it was enough just to be there . For Hannah Kearney , at least initially , it was n't . Because she did n't win bronze . She lost gold . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Bass .	Amy Bass : "  You do n't win silver , you lose gold " is the way some Sochi competitors feel Bass : While some shed tears over getting a bronze , others like Jenny Jones are jublilant She says Heidi Kloser broke her leg but still walked with her team as an Olympian Bass : For others , no medal necessary , Olympic spirit is not winning , but just "  to take part "
CNN  -- Governors in three Eastern Seaboard states Friday called on National Guard troops to help evacuate people from flooding caused by the remnants of Tropical Storm Ida . Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . Ida lost momentum but not the ability to generate winds and rain as it made landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast earlier this week , forecasters said . The National Weather Service had flood advisories in effect Friday for areas of coastal Pennsylvania , Delaware and New Jersey . At least 160 National Guard troops were deployed in sections of Virginia , Delaware and New Jersey to evacuate residents in high-water areas as well as provide cots , sandbags and potable water , according to the Pentagon 's National Guard Bureau . "  About 40 members of the Delaware National Guard have provided support to civilian emergency relief agencies in Kent and Sussex counties , " the bureau said . The New Jersey National Guard sent 18 guardsmen with trucks to help with evacuations in the Cape May and Atlantic counties , where the governor Thursday declared a state of emergency due to flooding , Guard officials reported Almost 100 guardsmen with high-water vehicles were helping firefighters in Portsmouth , Virginia . Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine declared a state of emergency , saying the remnants of Ida had combined with another storm to cause dangerous conditions in some areas . By early afternoon , at least 155,000 customers were without power in the state -- mostly in and around Norfolk , according to the Dominion Power Web site . "  With the National Weather Service indicating that eastern Virginia could experience flooding and storm surge comparable to the effects of a Category 1 hurricane , it 's critical that Virginians make the necessary preparations , " Kaine said . "  While we will continue to monitor conditions , the commonwealth is preparing for a period of coastal flooding through at least Friday evening . "	Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . Flood advisories were in effect Friday in Pennsylvania , Delaware and New Jersey . National Guard Bureau : At least 160 troops were deployed to assist in high-water areas Dominion Power : By early afternoon , at least 155,000 in Virginia had no electricity
CNN  -- Honduran President Porfirio "  Pepe " Lobo has said that there are "  high up " forces in his country that want him killed , but declined to give details . At an impromptu press conference at an event Monday , Lobo was asked by reporters why the presidential home was undergoing security upgrades , including the installation of a perimeter wall . "  It 's unfortunate , but these safety measures must be taken , even more so when they are threatening me , " Lobo said . "  They say that they should n't remove  me  because it 's too problematic . Better to send someone to kill him . " The president added that he knows "  who they are and they are not low down , they are high up . " The threats stemmed from a new security tax that would be collected and used to fund police operations , Lobo said . The tax would collect about $ 78 million . The wall being built around the presidential home was being donated by the Taiwanese government , he said . Lobo assumed the presidency in 2010 , the first leader elected after a 2009 coup that ousted former President Manuel Zelaya .	There are people who want him dead , the president says Pepe Lobo says he has been threatened Lobo 's home is getting security upgrades , including a perimeter wall
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- The death toll from heavy floods and mudslides in Mexico increased Tuesday to 41 , a government agency announced . Most of the deaths -- 30 -- have occurred in eastern Michoacan state , on the central Pacific coast . The state attorney general 's office released a list of the deceased Tuesday . Another 12 people are missing after mudslides from two large hills , Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy said Tuesday . The remaining 11 deaths resulted from a mudslide Saturday near the small town of Temascaltepec in neighboring Mexico state . Interior Secretary Fernando Francisco Gomez Mont has declared a state of natural disaster for the Michoacan cities of Angangueo , Ocampo , Tiquicheo de Nicolas Romero , Tuxpan and Tuzantla . The declaration makes those cities eligible for money from the federal natural disaster fund . The death toll in Michoacan had been 27 until three additional bodies were discovered Tuesday . Godoy said officials are focusing on three tasks : searching for anyone who is alive , recovering bodies and removing boulders and downed trees . Officials are under pressure to act quickly , he said , because another cold front with more possible rain is expected within the next few days . More than 3,500 Michoacan residents are homeless , the state government said on its Web site . In addition to Michoacan and Mexico states , unusually heavy rain in the past week also flooded parts of Mexico City , the nation 's capital . Up to 37,000 people nationwide have been affected , government officials said . On Sunday , Mexican President Felipe Calderon toured Valle de Chalco , another city in Mexico state on the eastern outskirts of the Mexico City metro area . National Water Commission Director Jose Luis Luege said Tuesday that contaminated water from a sewage network there that overflowed Friday will continue to flood the town for at least another 48 hours . The break in the sewage pipe had been fixed , but it burst again . Officials also built two dikes to contain the sewage but were unable to use them out of concern that they would burst under the intense pressure from the floodwaters , Luege said . "  It 's a very complicated operation , " he said . More than 3,000 homes in Valle de Chalco were flooded . Mexico state is bordered on the west by Michoacan and adjoins Mexico City on three sides -- north , east and west .	Most of deaths have been in Mexico 's eastern Michoacan state A dozen people missing after mudslides , Michoacan governor says Flooding has affected up to 37,000 people nationwide , officials say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rapper and actor Clifford Smith , better known to fans as Method Man , was arrested Monday and faces charges of failing to pay taxes , the district attorney in Richmond County , New York , said . Clifford Smith , better known as Method Man , failed to file tax returns and owes $ 33,000 , authorities say . Smith , 38 , owes the state nearly $ 33,000 for New York State income tax returns that he did not file between 2004 and 2007 , district attorney Daniel Donovan Jr. said in a statement . The Grammy-winning rapper , an original member of the Wu-Tang Clan , was arrested at his home on Staten Island . He faces a felony charge of repeated failure to file taxes and a misdemeanor charge of failure to pay tax . The felony carries a sentence of up to four years in prison . Smith was to appear at an arraignment in Staten Island Criminal Court on Monday . Smith 's attorney Peter Frankel was not immediately available to comment .	Clifford Smith , aka Method Man , did n't file state income tax returns , authorities say State of New York says he owes $ 33,000 for 2004-2007 Felony charges carry four-year prison sentence
London  CNN  -- It would be a mistake to write off threats of war against Syria from Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan as mere bluster , assuming that Turkey will maintain the status quo in valuing its relationship with the United States on one hand , while resisting Iran 's hegemonic ambitions on the other . The recent cross-border confrontation could ignite regional convulsions as Turkey is sucked into Syria , leading to belated actions on the part of the international community . The Assad regime knows its time is limited as the rate of military and intelligence officers defecting to Jordan and Turkey increases in momentum . Rebel attacks are inching closer to the heart of the Assad regime , such as the recent attack on the Syrian air force intelligence compound in the Damascus suburb of Harasta . This contributes to the regime 's recklessness in firing upon Turkey with impunity . Ankara may also be emboldened by the fact that Iran , a key Assad ally , could be limited in its ability to intervene due to its economic woes at home . This week its currency -- the rial -- plummeted in value due to a combination of sanctions and Tehran 's own mismanagement of the economy . Turkey has less to lose by responding to Syrian aggression -- this rationale is supported by recent reports that Iran has withdrawn from Syria 275 members from a special operations unit attached to its elite Quds Force . The conflict in Syria is no longer considered a purely internal matter . It clearly has regional ramifications . Thus I believe Turkey 's aim to secure its border is inextricably linked with regime change . Its increased military operations may stem from a calculus that it would accelerate the Assad regime 's demise . The Turkish parliament 's assent for its troops to conduct operations inside Syria is not merely a symbolic attempt to bolster Turkish pride while responding to domestic political pressure over the Syrian attacks . It gives its armed forces the ability to do more than defend its borders . It is also likely that NATO may assist Turkey -- a member state -- with the defense of its 560-mile border , creating a de facto humanitarian buffer zone , where the Syrian opposition could have a command post . However , this risks escalating the conflict into a NATO-led mission outside the framework of the U.N. Security Council -- the kind of interventionist measure Russia and China would oppose as they did in Libya . The shift towards conflict with Syria is characterized by the kind of strategic shift in the region that we 've seen before with Turkey . Erdogan was initially reluctant to impose sanctions on Iran and is now embracing EU sanctions on Tehran . The Turkish premier was also supportive of Iran 's nuclear ambitions all the while seeking to downgrade relations with Tehran 's nemesis , Israel . Now it is aligning itself with the Sunni bloc , including Gulf states and Jordan against Iran and its Syrian proxy . This could prompt an Iranian military response and in turn instigate another spike in oil prices . The longer the Syrian civil war continues , the greater the prospect of regional sectarian tensions emerging along Sunni-Shiite fault-lines . This could result in a Middle Eastern Cold War between regional powerhouses Saudi Arabia , with its mainly Sunni population , and the Shiite-dominated Iranians . Meanwhile , The Obama administration 's apparent strategy of "  leading from behind " is an excuse for its dithering over the Syrian humanitarian crisis . Similarly , the United Nations ' inaction over the crisis results from a deadlock at the Security Council , with China and Russia opposed to any intervention -- implausibly advocating that the rebels conduct dialogue with a murderous regime . Yet with the UN 's extensive history of paying lip service to upholding the values of human rights while ignoring genocide in Rwanda , Sudan , Balkans and Iraq , its dismissive manner towards the current massacres taking place on a daily basis in Syria should come as no surprise . There are estimates that up to 50,000 people have been killed , with up to two million people internally displaced since the conflict started . The U.N. claims that 300,000 Syrians have fled the country . The U.S. , realistically the only nation with the necessary military and logistical capability , could easily have prevented the refugee crisis that has heightened the prospect of conflict with Turkey . Its wariness to arm rebels was to prevent blowback from the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood and other empowered Islamists in Syria . Yet the protracted conflict there has generated a kaleidoscopic civil-war and vacuum of governance across much of Syria that has attracted Islamists , and even revived al-Qaeda , enabling it to infiltrate the ranks of the opposition and gain support in the wake of its attacks on Syrian military and government installations . The U.S. and its NATO allies could also have prevented much bloodshed by using air power to target the Assad regime 's military apparatus . Syria 's military concentrated in Damascus , Aleppo and northern Raqqa province are strained and would be overstretched if forced to respond to external military pressure . Yet Washington and its NATO allies could now be forced to place a significant number of troops on the ground to prevent the proliferation of Syria 's stockpile of chemical and biological weapons . The Obama administration has resigned itself to wishful thinking assuming , as Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has done , that Syrian security forces could be held together to secure chemical weapons sites in the wake of the toppling of the Assad regime . In a vacuum of governance dominated by Islamists , this may become a proliferation nightmare . While the U.S. is keen on winding down its involvement in the Middle East to refocus its attention on Asia , Syria may be the instigator that sucks it back into the region for another decade to manage a second Cold War . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barak Seener .	Turkey 's military retaliated against Syria attacks on Turkish border town recently Turkish parliament has authorized its troops to enter Syria if necessary Seener : Confrontation could ignite regional convulsions as Turkey is sucked in to Syria U.S. could have prevented much bloodshed by using air power to target regime , he says
CNN  -- A day after Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States stepped down , Islamabad named Sherry Rehman as the new U.S. envoy . A graduate of Massachusetts ' Smith College , Rehman served as the information minister in 2008 until her resignation the following year . She is also founding chair of the Jinnah Institute , a non-profit public policy organization based in Pakistan . She succeeds former ambassador , Husain Haqqani , who resigned Tuesday amid a probe into a secret offer to Washington by Pakistan 's president to cut down the powers of the country 's military leadership . On Tuesday , a statement from Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said Ambassador Husain Haqqani 's resignation was necessary "  so that the investigation can be carried out properly . " "  All concerned would be afforded sufficient and fair opportunity to present their views and the investigation shall be carried out fairly , objectively and without bias , " the prime minister 's statement said . Haqqani posted a Twitter message Tuesday saying the he "  requested " that Gilani accept his resignation . The ambassador offered to resign last week "  or participate in any inquiry that brings an end to the vilification against the democratic government of Pakistan currently being undertaken by some elements in the country . " The controversy started with swirling media reports that President Asif Ali Zardari asked the U.S. government in May to help him hold on to power because he feared a military coup after the U.S. raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Last month , Pakistani businessman Mansoor Ijaz sparked the political firestorm when he claimed in an op-ed piece for the UK-based Financial Times that a Pakistani diplomat used him to make Zardari 's back-channel plea for help by delivering a secret memo to U.S. Admiral Mike Mullen , then Washington 's top military official . Ijaz claimed Zardari offered a new "  national security team " to take over the powers of the military leadership in exchange for Washington 's assistance . Media reports in Pakistan have speculated that Haqqani played a key role in the alleged offer . Haqqani has denied the allegations , saying they are part of ongoing "  smear campaigns " that have accused him of trying to undermine Pakistan 's armed forces . "  No memo of the kind being discussed in the media was drafted or delivered by me , " Haqqani said . "  I have not been named so far as having done anything wrong by anyone except through innuendo . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Rehman served as information minister Haqqani resigned amid a probe into a secret offer by Pakistan 's president to the U.S. Media reports have speculated Haqqani played a key role
Tokyo  CNN  -- A powerful earthquake struck off the northeast coast of Japan on Friday evening , rattling buildings in Tokyo and setting off a small tsunami . It also jarred nerves in a nation still recovering from the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 that killed thousands of people and triggered the world 's worst nuclear crisis in a quarter century . Some roads were closed and rail services suspended in the northeastern prefecture of Miyagi , where a one-meter  3-foot  tsunami rolled ashore . It was followed by four other waves ranging from eight to 16 inches . Only minor injuries were reported immediately , including five in Miyagi and five on the outskirts of Tokyo . Miyagi was one of the areas that suffered the worst of the destruction from the 9.0-magnitude quake and resulting tsunami in 2011 . The weaker , 7.3-magnitude quake on Friday took place further out at sea -- 462 kilometers  287 miles  east-northeast of Tokyo at a depth of 36 kilometers  22 miles  -- the U.S. Geological Survey said , slightly revising the initial location it gave . It did n't create a widespread threat of a tsunami in the Pacific , according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . The massive earthquake and tsunami in 2011 killed more than 15,000 people in Japan . It caused the formation of 30-foot walls of water that swept away rice fields , engulfed entire towns , and tossed houses and cars onto highways . The combined natural disasters did severe damage to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , setting off meltdowns at reactors at the facility that contaminated a large area . No damage was reported at the country 's nuclear power facilities after Friday 's quake . Radiation levels in fish caught near the area remain high long after the 2011 meltdowns , suggesting contamination from the site might still be seeping into Pacific waters , a U.S. researcher said in October . Radioactive levels staying high off Fukushima CNN 's Alex Zolbert reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo and Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : Only minor injuries were reported A one-meter tsunami comes ashore in the northeast prefecture of Miyagi There is no threat of a widespread tsunami in the Pacific , a warning center says The 7.3-magnitude quake shook buildings in Tokyo
New Orleans  CNN  -- When Kenneth Purcell emerged from his New Orleans home after Hurricane Isaac churned through the city in August , he could n't believe what he saw . Nearly all of his neighbors had poured out into the streets to help each other clean up . It was a completely different environment than the one he 'd seen seven years ago , after Katrina struck . "  People started cleaning up their yards and helping neighbors that had gone away , " Purcell said . "  It was this silent but perfectly coordinated and synchronized effort . " This is what made him and his wife , who was expecting their second child , to cancel a trip they booked to Florida in order to escape the stress of the Isaac aftermath . Purcell says it 's the same sentiment that has brought people from all over the county to New Orleans in the years following Katrina and has helped spur the city 's entrepreneurial movement . He moved his company , iSeatz , a travel-and-entertainment booking engine , back to New Orleans in January 2008 after relocating to New York post-Katrina . The move back to New Orleans caused him to lose almost all of his employees in New York and forced him to establish a new staff . Perhaps surprisingly , it would also prove to be a good business decision . "  The new people that I hired were here because they wanted to be , " Purcell said . "  They wanted not just the company to be successful , but they wanted the company to help the city be successful . " An influx of entrepreneurs Entrepreneurship has spiked in New Orleans , a city that suffered a population exodus and struggled to get back on its feet after Katrina 's destruction . The Greater New Orleans Community Data Center says that 427 of every 100,000 adults in the city started a business between 2008 and 2010 -- the most recent period for which data is available -- compared to a national rate of 333 of every 100,000 during that time . It is now one of the the fastest-growing cities in America , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Forbes recently called New Orleans one of the biggest brain magnets in the country , praising its "  communal camaraderie and business incubators that have helped many of the startups get off the ground . " "  I 've practiced in New Orleans for almost 40 years and I 'm more excited about the future of the city today , than I ever have been , " said Marcel Wisznia , owner of Wisznia Architecture and Development and a veteran entrepreneur . "  I 've invested a lot of my life in this community and it 's an exciting time for us . " This past May , Wisznia developed Beta , a shared workspace for local startups in a historic downtown building . The space is filled with 20-something entrepreneurs in a range of fields , from tech and fashion to art and music . It 's currently at 65 % occupancy , and Wisznia expects it to be almost 85 % full by the end of the year . He said he 's observed a progression of new startups in the city in recent years -- and the catalyst for this entrepreneurial spark was Hurricane Katrina . "  What Hurricane Katrina did is move a whole new generation of young people that did n't have ties to the community , that were n't complacent , that were aggressive , that were entrepreneurial , that wanted to make a difference , socially and financially , " he said . Chris Boyd runs Apptitude , his mobile-application development company , from Beta . After spending nine years in the tech industry in Houston , he decided to start his own company . Boyd was in the process of moving to New York when he heard about NOLAbound , a program that brought 25 professionals from all over the country for an inside look at the entrepreneurial community in New Orleans . Boyd , a Louisiana native , asked city business insiders whether New Orleans could be a viable home for his company . "  I had three key questions : Is there a tech scene here ? Is it sustainable ? And if I were to open a business here , would I be able to survive ? " Boyd said . "  And the answer was yes , absolutely . Everybody I talked to told me , yes . " So he changed his articles of incorporation from the state of New York to Louisiana and moved to New Orleans in June . Boyd now meets with a new startup every week and networks with other Web developers through groups like NOLA Meetup and gnocode , which connect people in the city 's emerging tech scene . He also started his own weekly meetup , Objective Crunk , to help local developers make apps for Apple 's mobile operating system . Unique challenges Still , entrepreneurs face hurdles launching and growing tech companies in New Orleans , which has traditionally lacked the startup culture now thriving in Austin , Texas ; New York and other cities . New Orleans does not have a deep pool of developers , venture capitalists and other tech talent . "  As companies start to scale , they need high-level management to help grow , " said Tim Williamson , co-founder of the Idea Village , a nonprofit that nurtures New Orleans entrepreneurs . "  While we 're seeing people with profile start to move to New Orleans , we need more of them . " On the surface , Williamson said , New Orleans would seem to be at a competitive disadvantage compared to other cities . "  We do n't have any Fortune 500 companies , we do n't have tremendous wealth , " he said . "  But there 's something special here that 's making this work . " Williamson sees the city as a laboratory of innovation and change . "  I think that this is a moment in time and history where we 're right in the middle of a renaissance period , where the next generation of economic and civic leadership is being nurtured and cultivated here in New Orleans , " Williamson said . Entrepreneurs here say that community engagement is what makes New Orleans different . It 's why Jennifer Medbery chose New Orleans as home to her startup . A Connecticut native and Columbia University graduate , Medbery moved to New Orleans in 2008 and taught at a charter school for one year before launching Kickboard , software that provides a centralized location for teachers to record their students ' progress . New Orleans has the largest proportion of students -- almost 80 % -- attending charter schools of any city in the nation . Medbery believes the entrepreneurial spirit in New Orleans is unique . "  The entire entrepreneurial ecosystem in New Orleans understands that when one rises , we all rise . And so as a community , business leaders here are very committed to each other 's success , because it 's all part of New Orleans redefining itself . "	Entrepreneurship has spiked in New Orleans in the seven years since Hurricane Katrina A new breed of tech startups are taking root in the rebuilding city Entrepreneurs say New Orleans ' community spirit helps them succeed City resident : "  What Hurricane Katrina did is move a whole new generation of young people "
CNN  -- Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad has made a rare "  surprise " visit to an educational center in the capital , Damascus , in an apparent effort to show that it is "  business as usual " for the regime , despite the country 's brutal civil war . A video posted on YouTube by al-Assad 's office shows him driving up to the building in the al-Tijara neighborhood -- at the wheel of his own car -- on Wednesday and walking inside , alone , watched by families from balconies and apartments nearby . The film then shows the president , wearing a dark suit and tie , smiling as he is greeted with applause , before talking to those who have gathered to meet him . He is seen hugging one woman , shaking hands with a man , and putting his hand on the shoulder of a young woman wearing a pink headscarf . Middle East expert Christopher Phillips , of think tank Chatham House , said the video and reports of the meeting chime with efforts to portray al-Assad as an approachable man of the people . He said the visit was part of efforts to convince those inside and outside the country that life is carrying on as normal in Syria . The regime has continued to pass laws and hold elections in spite of the deadly conflict tearing the country apart . Read more : Al-Assad , defined by violence "  The pretense is a vital part of the strategy , " he told CNN . "  The regime still believes it will win the war ; to do that it is important that al-Assad is not seen as a deranged , butchering madman , but as a normal person . "  They believe that they can survive isolation , that they can defeat what they call the ` insurgency ' and that , after a time , they will be reintegrated into the international fold ... but they have to maintain that pretense . " Up to 70,000 Syrians are believed to have died in the Syrian conflict since March 2011 , the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights said in February . What began amid the turmoil of the Arab Spring as an uprising against Bashar al-Assad has spiraled into a bitter civil war which now threatens to destabilize the Middle East . More than a million refugees have fled the fighting , crossing the border and flooding into overloaded camps in neighboring Turkey and Jordan . Read more : Profile : Asma al-Assad Syria 's official SANA news agency reported that the president and his wife Asma later met the families of teachers and students "  martyred due to terrorist attacks " to offer them support . SANA quoted al-Assad as saying : "  Today Syria as a whole is wounded ... there is no one that did n't lose one of his or her relatives , a brother , father or a mother , " before insisting that the country is involved in "  a battle of will and steadfastness , " calling on the audience to remain strong to protect others . It was the second public outing for the normally camera-shy al-Assad family in less than a week , after months out of the limelight : Asma al-Assad was spotted at a "  Mother 's Rally " at the Damascus Opera House last weekend , scotching rumors she had fled the country for Russia , the UK or Jordan . Philips said the reappearance of Syria 's glamorous Sunni first lady was highly significant , with the civil war becoming increasingly sectarian in recent months . "  In marrying Asma -- a non-veiled , secular Sunni -- Bashar al-Assad , who is Alawite , crossed the sectarian divide , and their relationship helped create an image of Syria as an integrationist , non-sectarian society , " he explained . "  Making sure she is seen in public , showing that she is still with him , supporting him is very important ... it is part of the show of defiance , of them saying ` We 're still here , and we 're still doing things our way . ' " Read more : Getting to know Syria 's first family	Normally camera-shy Syrian president makes surprise visit to arts education center Bashar al-Assad met families of those killed in "  terrorist attacks " , state news agency reports YouTube video of visit shows al-Assad arriving at the center at the wheel of his own car Official Syrian news agency says president , first lady later spoke to "  families of martyrs "
CNN  -- The killer 's parents wo n't talk about him . That at least is what their friend told CNN on Thursday . Their thoughts are on the other six victims of Friday 's killing spree in Santa Barbara , the friend said . Elliot Rodger , who fatally stabbed three people and shot three others , himself was found dead with a gunshot wound to his head after crashing his black BMW . "  We are crying in pain for the victims and their families . It breaks our hearts on a level we did n't think possible , " Rodger 's family said in a statement read by a family friend on "  New Day . " "  The feeling of knowing that it was our son 's actions that caused the tragedy can only be described as hell on Earth . " In a 137-page document , not to mention videos and musings on social media , 22-year-old Rodger hinted that years of rejection and jealousy led him to lash out against beautiful women and popular men . Simon Astaire , the family friend , shed some light on the kind of person that Rodger was . "  As soon as you met him , he was unbearably reserved , self-contained ; he seemed to merge into the walls , " he said . In one brief conversation , Rodger asked Astaire , a novelist , whether writing was a lonely experience . Astaire described the process as "  solitary , " and Rodger replied with "  I know what you mean " and turned away . "  He seemed the loneliest person in the world , " Astaire said . As the tragedy unfolded near the University of California , Santa Barbara campus , Rodger 's parents were putting the clues together that it might be their son who was involved . His mother received Rodger 's manifesto , and after reading just four lines , she immediately went to YouTube to look at the videos her son had posted , Astaire said . She watched the first 20 seconds of a video titled "  Retribution " and then called her ex-husband . Both got on the road toward Santa Barbara as the shooting was unfolding . The mother 's fears were realized when she heard on the radio that a black BMW , like Rodger 's , was involved . "  It was the longest journey of their lives and , I would suggest , everyone 's nightmare , " Astaire said . Among the victims were Rodger 's two roommates and a visitor , Cheng Yuan Hong , 20 ; George Chen , 19 ; and Weihan "  David " Wang , 20 . Each was stabbed to death . But Rodger did n't stop there . He embarked on a shooting rampage Friday night , killing two young women : Katherine Cooper , 22 , and Veronika Weiss , 19 , both members of the Delta Delta Delta sorority . He then went into a deli and killed UCSB junior Christopher Martinez , 20 , who was getting a sandwich . Martinez 's father , Richard Martinez , has publicly called for stricter gun control laws . One of the parents of a child killed in the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , wrote an open letter to Richard Martinez . The tragedy of losing a child to gun violence has made them part of the same extended family , Mark Barden wrote . "  My heart breaks for you because I know just a little about the long road ahead of you , " he wrote , encouraging Richard Martinez to continue being an advocate for gun safety regulations . "  You will find your own path down this difficult road , " Barden wrote . "  But know that we are here for you and all of you who have been touched by this tragedy . Together we can and will build a safer world for all our children . " The firearms shop Shooters Paradise of Oxnard sold Rodger a gun just before the killings , manager Kevin White said . Rodger had an Isla Vista address and was n't acting strangely when he bought the gun , White said . White , an alum of UCSB , said he spoke briefly with Rodger about Isla Vista . There was a 10-day waiting period -- no red flags arose in the background check -- and then Rodger picked up the gun , White said . The manager pointed out that a gun was n't the only weapon used in the killings . "  It happens from time to time , but what about the guy who sold him the knives or the swords that he used , or what about the guy who sold him the car that he was driving around and hit people ? " White said . "  Do they feel bad , or did they know he was going to do something bad with it ? I mean , we sell tools . They 're items . It 's no different than the guy that sold him the knife that he used , " White said . California lawmakers push ` gun violence restraining order ' after mass shooting Opinion : Fix mental health care or expect more shootings CNN 's Chris Cuomo , Greg Botelho , Holly Yan , Michael Martinez and Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	NEW : Firearms shop manager recalls talking to Rodger when he bought a gun NEW : "  It 's no different than the guy that sold him the knife that he used , " manager says Elliot Rodger 's family released a statement Thursday Rodger fatally stabbed three and shot three others Friday
CNN  -- Oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008 on fears that tensions with Iran have the potential to disrupt supplies through the Strait of Hormuz . The price of a barrel of brent crude hit $ 128.40 a barrel and eclipsed $ 110 on the New York Mercantile Exchange after a disputed report Thursday on Iran 's Press TV and other Middle East outlets of a pipeline explosion in Saudi Arabia . Prices for brent crude dropped to $ 125.45 and $ 108.50 on the NYMEX early Friday . "  I think the main problems are coming from some supply disruptions , or some fear to supply disruptions , particularly Iran , " U.S. Federal Reserve Chief Ben Bernanke told a U.S. House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday . "  So I 'm not sure what could provide relief in the very short term . " The price of North Sea brent crude has risen more than 15 % this year , while NYMEX crude has risen more than 8.5 % on growing tensions surrounding Iran and fears that may lead to the closure of the Strait of Hormuz , a critical pathway for petroleum exports . Opinion : America , quit whining about gas "  Frankly , it has nothing to do with supply and demand there -- these are geopolitical situations , " Angel Gurria , head of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , told CNN . "  So it has to be solved at that level . " While worries in the Middle East have caused a spike , oil prices face longer-term pressure due to increased demand from China and other emerging economies . At 9.4 million barrels a day , China consumes half the amount of oil of the U.S. , according to 2010 data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration . But while U.S. usage has remained flat , China 's oil consumption rises about 5 % per year . China is now the world 's largest automobile market . Last year , 18 million vehicles were sold in China , compared with about 13 million in the United States . Obama on soaring gas prices : No silver bullet "  It 's not just more people driving , it 's also every product that you buy is made of plastic or synthetic materials out of China is made with oil , " said Patrick Chovanec of Tsinghua University . After the U.S. and China , Japan is a top consumer with 4.4 million barrels a day , followed by India  3.1 million  and Russia  3 million  . If oil prices continue to rise , analysts worry it will hurt developing economies whose growth has helped buoy Western economies struggling with tepid growth and the threat of recession . "  Very high oil prices will dampen any kind of recovery and any kind of growth even during normal times , " Gurria said . "  It 's not desirable . It is something we would like not to have . " U.S. gas high ? Not as high as UK Rising oil prices , however , present a silver lining for Japan , which has been struggling with deflation for years , says Jesper Koll , managing director of research of JP Morgan in Tokyo . "  Oil is rising because global demand for goods and services is accelerating . And Japan is a big beneficiary of that because Japan is such a powerful exporter , so volumes are picking up much , much faster than costs are picking up for corporate Japan , " Koll said . "  Bad news would be a supply shock - if you did have a blockade of the Strait of Hormuz or a war in the Middle East , " Koll said . "  You 'd have a big supply disruption , that would be cost push and Japan would get a double punch with declining global growth as well as an increase in costs really squeezing profits . " CNN 's Ramy Inocencio and Eunice Yoon contributed to this report	Oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008 Fears rise that tensions with Iran may disrupt world supply Burgeoning demand in China also a rising price factor
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's assertion this week she and her husband left the White House "  dead broke " left some Americans scratching their heads . How , they wondered , could a family making six-figures , living rent free , and writing best-sellers possibly run out of cash ? As it turns out , being President does n't necessarily come cheap . While first families do n't have to pay rent at the White House , they are responsible for personal costs that can multiply , especially if they spend the full eight years in that spotlight . Former first lady Laura Bush wrote in her post-White House memoir that she was expected to pick up the tab for every meal she ate at the White House or the presidential Camp David retreat -- for her husband 's two terms . "  The presidential room , as it were , is covered , but not the board , " she wrote in her book , "  Spoken from the Heart . " While first families are n't responsible for utility bills or a mortgage , "  it is more than fair that they pay for personal items like every American household . " So traumatized was Laura Bush by the constant attention to her predecessors hair that she hired a stylist to give her a blow dry daily -- at her own expense . Bush wrote that a bill came monthly , itemizing everything she and her family owed , including food , dry cleaning and hourly wages for waiters and cleanup crews at private parties . "  There were some costs that I was not prepared for , " Bush wrote . "  I was amazed by the sheer number of designer clothes that I was expected to buy , like the women before me , to meet the expectations for a first lady . " ` Hard Choices ' : A book rollout or a campaign tune up ? The Clintons would n't be the first presidential couple to emerge from the White House in debt . When he left office in 1825 , James Monroe was deeply in debt . It was n't just dinner parties and designer dresses weighing down the Clintons financially . Enormous legal fees followed them after their departure in January 2001 . By the end of the previous year , the Clintons carried debt totaling somewhere between $ 2.28 million to $ 10.6 million . But the red ink was taken care of pretty quickly . They both signed big book advances , and the former president raked in millions giving speeches . Clinton tax return By 2004 the Clintons had paid off all their legal fees . It was n't just speaking engagements boosting the Clinton 's income . When a President leaves the White House he 's still on the government payroll , receiving an annual pension of about $ 200,000 , health care , paid official travel and an office . Hillary Clinton Senate disclosure form Rent for President Jimmy Carter 's Atlanta office is $ 102,000 per year , according to 2010 figures compiled by the Congressional Research Service . President George H. W. Bush 's Houston office costs $ 175,000 per year . President Bill Clinton 's office in the pricey real estate market of New York City is $ 516,000 . He currently gets about $ 750,000 per speech . What 's not in Hillary Clinton 's memoir ?	Hillary Clinton 's "  dead broke " comment touched a nerve The Clintons White House expenses exploded over legal fees But there are some surprising expenses all first families incur
CNN  -- Actress Angelina Jolie , a longtime goodwill ambassador for the U.N. refugee agency , arrived in southern Turkey on Friday to visit Syrian refugees , a high-profile trip focusing attention on misery faced by ordinary citizens who have escaped violence in turbulent Syria . Jolie , who is scheduled to visit the Altinozu refugee camp , arrived at the airport in Hatay and was greeted by officials , according to the state-run Anatolian Agency . Hatay provincial officials had vans for the trip to Altinozu , and "  toys unloaded from the plane were loaded to one of the vans in her convoy , " the agency reported . More than 9,600 Syrian men , women , and children have fled their country for Turkey to escape violence , including a military offensive in the Jisr al-Shugur area . Refugees at Altinozu are housed in warehouses at an old tobacco factory , and they staged a demonstration at the camp in solidarity with the many anti-government demonstrations occurring across the border in Syria . They held up signs that said "  Our military is killing its own people , please make it stop , " "  U.N. , help us please " and people chanted "  stop killing children " and other anti-regime slogans . Jolie was named a goodwill ambassador for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in early 2001 and has visited more than 20 countries "  to highlight the plight of millions of uprooted people and to advocate for their protection . " The U.N. office said her interest in "  humanitarian affairs was piqued in 2000 when she went to Cambodia to film the adventure film ` Tomb Raider . ' " Jolie has won numerous acting awards , including a best supporting actress Academy Award for her performance in 1999 's "  Girl , Interrupted . " CNN 's Arwa Damon and Yesim Comert contributed to this report	Angelina Jolie is a U.N. goodwill ambassador The actress , and a load of toys , made their way to a refugee camp The number of Syrian refugees in Turkey is approaching 10,000
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Cleashindra Hall was 18 and in the most exciting time of her life when she disappeared in May 1994 , a week after her senior prom . Cleashindra Hall was two weeks shy of her high school graduation when she disappeared . She had spent hours preparing for the prom , choosing the perfect dress and getting her hair and nails done . She was an honor roll student and would give the commencement speech at her high school graduation in two weeks . Hall wanted to be a pediatrician and was looking forward to attending Tennessee State University to study pre-medicine . But all that came to an abrupt halt after 8:30 p.m. May 9 , 1994 , when she left her after-school job at the home office of Dr. Larry Amos in Pine Bluff , Arkansas . It was the last time she was seen . She usually called home when finished work , and one of her parents would pick her up . She spoke to her mother on the phone just after 8 p.m. . Her mother expected her to call again soon for a ride home . She never did . Watch how phone calls play a role in this case " Laurell Hall fell asleep waiting for her daughter 's call . She awoke abruptly at 1 a.m. , realizing that her daughter had not called and had not come home . Amos , Hall 's employer , told police she had left his house at 8 : 30 p.m. , getting into a car with someone he assumed was giving her a ride . The next day , Hall 's parents reported her missing . "  It 's been very frustrating for us . We feel that police did n't do everything they could have done at the beginning , when she first went missing , " Laurell Hall said . "  We had to wait 24 hours in those days before police would take a missing persons report . " It disturbs Laurell Hall that the home where her daughter was last seen was not searched for nearly two weeks after her daughter vanished . "  I do n't understand why police could not search the home immediately to make sure there was no sign of a struggle there , " Hall said . "  Maybe they would have found her press-on nails or hair extensions there ; who knows ? " Amos did not return CNN 's phone call seeking comment . Police say the house was full of people the night Hall was working there . Lt. Terry Hopson of the Pine Bluff Police Department said a search of the Amos home did not turn up any evidence that Hall was injured or attacked there . "  We do believe she left that house that night with someone she was acquainted with , " Hopson said . He did not elaborate . "  We have spent many hours and manpower on this case over the years and continue to diligently investigate this case and developing leads , " Hopson said . He hinted that police have some idea of what happened to Hall that night but are seeking forensic evidence to support their theory . Police said they obtained phone records from the Amos home for the hours when Hall was working there . But they wo n't say who , if anyone , may have spoken with Hall on the phone besides her mother . Both family and police say Hall was not the type to go somewhere without telling anyone . She also had no reason to escape her life and was not a troubled teen . Police consider the disappearance to be suspicious and believe that foul play is involved . However , they have no clues as to who might have abducted her . There is no description of the vehicle that may have picked Hall up from the Amos home , though police believe that if she got into a car with someone , it would have been someone she knew . According to family and friends , Hall did not have a boyfriend . Police did question and administer a polygraph to a boy in the community who Hall liked and was friendly with . The polygraph results are unclear , and police interrogation of the boy and their search of his vehicle did not provide any leads . When Hall disappeared in 1994 , cell phone triangulation and other technologies commonly used in missing person cases today were n't available . Police say they have no forensic evidence in this case . Their only hope is that someone comes forward with a tip after all these years . Cleashindra Hall is black , stands 5 ' 8 " tall , weighs 120 pounds and has dark short hair , dark eyes and a surgical scar on her left knee . She was last seen with her hair in a ponytail , wearing a white shirt and short set with navy polka dots and stripes , white socks and small stud earrings . Police urge anyone with more information regarding the whereabouts of Cleashindra Hall to call the tip line at 870-543-5111 . More than $ 10,000 in reward money is offered .	Cleashindra Hall hoped to be a pediatrician She disappeared after leaving doctor 's office where she worked Honor roll student was two weeks shy of high school graduation Tip line : 870-543-5111 . Reward exceeds $ 10,000
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin introduced herself to the world Wednesday by calling herself a "  hockey mom " and then asking what the difference was between a hockey mom and a pit bull . Sarah Palin ripped Barack Obama and said she 's ready for the "  challenge of a tough fight . " "  Lipstick , " the Republican vice presidential nominee said . She promptly went on to prove the point , tearing into Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama as two-faced , inexperienced and intoxicated by the sound of his own voice . "  This is a man who can give an entire speech about the wars America is fighting and never use the word ` victory ' except when he 's talking about his own campaign , " she said . She slammed Obama for "  saying one thing in Scranton and another in San Francisco , " argued that he had written two memoirs but never authored a major piece of legislation and asked what he would do "  when those Styrofoam Greek columns are hauled back to some studio lot , " a reference to the stage where Obama gave his acceptance speech last week . Watch Palin attack Obama " Thousands of delegates at the party conference roared their approval at Palin 's speech , bursting into chants of "  Sarah ! Sarah ! " and "  Zero ! Zero , " the amount of executive experience Republicans say Obama has accumulated . iReport.com : Palin was phenomenal "  I think Sarah Palin can do a one-two punch better than Muhammad Ali , " Kansas state Sen. Karin Brownlee said after the speech . "  And I think she delivered it just square on the opponents ' face . I think she has energized the Republican Party like we have n't seen in a long time . " Report card : Rate Palin 's speech " Jose Rodriquez-Suarez , a delegate from Puerto Rico , said simply , "  It 's about the best speech I have heard at any convention . " See photos of Palin take the stage " Conventioneers waved banners reading "  Palin Power " and "  Hockey moms for Palin . " Delegates from her home state of Alaska were spotted wearing buttons calling her "  the hottest VP from the coolest state . " "  I love those hockey moms , " she said . Palin began with a lengthy , minutes-long standing ovation as she accepted the Republican Party 's nomination for vice president . It marked the first time in history that a woman has taken the stage as the GOP vice presidential pick . "  I accept the challenge of a tough fight , " said the woman nicknamed "  Sarah Barracuda . " The Obama campaign dismissed Palin 's speech as "  well-delivered " but said it was "  written by George Bush 's speechwriter and sounds exactly like the same divisive , partisan attacks we 've heard from George Bush for the last eight years . " iReport.com : Share your reaction to the convention speeches Bush aide Matthew Scully was largely responsible for the speech . Palin 's opposite number , Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden , praised her speech as "  incredibly well crafted and delivered , " but said Palin 's rhetoric lacked substance . "  I did n't hear the phrase ` middle class . ' I did n't hear a single word about health care . I did n't hear a single word about helping people get to college , " Biden , a U.S. senator from Delaware , told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Thursday . "  They do n't have a single answer -LSB- for -RSB- how to dig us out of the hole we 've been dug into the last eight years , " Biden added . Palin , whose son is to deploy to Iraq soon , praised her running mate John McCain as a man who has met grave challenges and "  knows how tough fights are won . " She criticized Obama 's stance on Iraq , saying he "  wants to forfeit " while victory is "  finally in sight . " Watch Palin say McCain has fought for change his entire life " She praised McCain , a decorated war hero , as a "  true profile in courage . " "  In politics , there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers . And then there are those , like John McCain , who use their careers to promote change , " she said . Throughout the speech , it was clear the first-term governor of Alaska had won over the hearts of the crowd . "  What exactly is our opponent 's plan ? What does he actually seek to accomplish after he 's done turning back the waters and healing the planet ? The answer is to make the government bigger and take more of your money . " Palin , the former mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , contrasted her rsum as a former mayor of a small town with that of Obama . "  I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a ` community organizer , ' except that you have actual responsibilities . " Palin presented herself as both a mother and as an outside-the-Beltway reformer in the McCain mold , saying she "  took on the old politics as usual in Juneau " and "  stood up to the special interests , the lobbyists , big oil companies , and the good ol' boys network . " She tied oil , a major industry in her home state of Alaska , to foreign policy and national security on a night when convention delegates repeatedly burst into chants of "  Drill now , baby , drill now ! " She insisted that the United States seek "  energy independence , " including through more drilling , in the face of threats as diverse as hurricanes in the Gulf and Russian military power in the Caucasus . iReport.com : A ` free for all ' on Obama And Palin dismissed criticism about her that have appeared in the media . "  Here 's a little news flash for all those reporters and commentators : I 'm not going to Washington to seek their good opinion . I 'm going to Washington to serve the people of this country . " CNN 's political team analyzes Palin 's speech " Palin , whose youngest child has Down syndrome , also promised that families of special needs children will have "  a friend and advocate in the White House . " At the end of the speech , McCain came on stage amid raucous cheers and said , "  Do n't you think we made the right choice for the next vice president of the United States ? " Watch McCain take stage , get crowd fired up " Just before Palin took center stage , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani warmed up the crowd by continuing the barrage on Obama , calling him a "  celebrity senator " with no leadership experience . "  He 's never had to lead people in crisis , " Giuliani said . "  This is not a personal attack ; it 's a statement of fact . Barack Obama has never led anything . Nothing . Nada . " "  The choice in this election comes down to substance over style . John McCain has been tested . Barack Obama has not . Tough times require strong leadership , and this is no time for on-the-job training . " His speech was the third of the evening by former GOP presidential candidates who pumped up the Republican faithful ahead of Palin . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee got the crowd cheering when he ripped Obama for looking to Europe for ways to change America . "  Barack Obama 's excellent adventure to Europe took his campaign for change to hundreds of thousands of people who do n't even vote or pay taxes here , " he said . "  The fact is , most Americans do n't want more government ; they want a lot less . " Huckabee said McCain represents small government and has ideas for change that will make the nation 's economy better . He added that McCain is "  a man with the character and stubborn kind of integrity that I want in a president . " Huckabee took a jab at the "  elite media " for "  unifying the Republican Party and all of America " in support of McCain and Palin . "  The reporting of the past few days has proven tackier than a costume change at a Madonna concert , " Huckabee said . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney blasted "  liberal Washington , " saying McCain is a "  prescription for every American who wants change in Washington . " He added that it 's time to take a "  Weedwhacker " to excessive regulation and to impose lower taxes and to stop big-government spending . "  Throw out the big-government liberals and elect John McCain , " Romney said . "  We need change , all right : change from a liberal Washington to a conservative Washington . " He also threw his support behind Palin , saying the McCain-Palin ticket "  will keep America as it has always been : the hope of the world . " "  We will never allow America to retreat in the face of evil extremism , " Romney said . The Republican Party officially nominated McCain for president at the convention Wednesday . McCain will give a speech accepting the nomination Thursday night . Police said two protesters were removed during Palin 's speech . They said they were members of the anti-war group Code Pink . A representative for the Joint Information Center said the two women were escorted by law enforcement officers from the Xcel Center for heckling . They stood and yelled off to the side of the podium during Palin 's speech . They were not charged and have been "  sent on their way , " this representative said . CNN 's Kristi Keck , Dana Bash , Ed Hornick , Paul Steinhauser and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Delegate says Palin delivers one-two punch to Barack Obama 's face Palin rips Obama as a man who did n't author a major piece of legislation "  I accept the challenge of a tough fight , " Palin says Rudy Giuliani calls Obama a "  celebrity senator "
EW.com  -- Brad Pitt is set to join the cast of the West Coast premiere reading of 8 , the play penned by Academy Award-winning screenwriter Dustin Lance Black  Milk  that follows the legal fight to overturn Proposition 8 , the California law that outlawed gay marriage . Pitt will play United States District Chief Judge Vaughn R. Walker , who found Prop 8 unconstitutional after presiding over the 12-day public trial . He joins a cast that includes George Clooney and Martin Sheen  as the plaintiff 's lead co-counsel  , Christine Lahti and Jamie Lee Curtis  as a lesbian couple  , Matthew Morrison and Matt Bomer  as a gay couple  , as well as Kevin Bacon , Jane Lynch , John C. Reilly , Campbell Brown , Chris Colfer , Jesse Tyler Ferguson , Cleve Jones , Rory O'Malley , George Takei , Yeardley Smith , Vanessa Garcia , Jansen Panatierre , James Pickens , Jr. , and Bridger Zadina . The American Foundation for Equal Rights and Broadway Impact also announced that the performance will be streamed live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m. PT on Saturday , March 3 , with a pre-show airing at 7:30 . Director Rob Reiner recorded a video explaining the play and inviting people to watch the live stream , which can be viewed here . "  At long last each and every American will be able to see for themselves what happens when prejudice and fear are put on trial in a court of law , " said AFER board president Chad Griffin in a statement . "  For over two years , the anti-marriage proponents of Proposition 8 have fought tooth and nail to hide their discriminatory arguments from the American people . But on Saturday night , thanks to YouTube and our incredible cast , people across the nation , from Los Angeles to Little Rock to Baltimore , will get to watch as our Constitution 's promise of liberty and equality for all is protected . " The show first premiered on Broadway in September  with cast members like Morgan Freeman , John Lithgow and Ellen Barkin  and is set to tour nationally throughout 2012 , although the A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play . See the full article at EW.com .	Pitt will star alongside George Clooney and Martin Sheen The performance will stream live on YouTube at 7:45 p.m. PT on Saturday , March 3 The A-list stars attached to the West Coast reading are not expected to remain with the play
CNN  -- The woman 's voice wavered , just for a moment . Standing feet from the Ohio man who abducted her and chained her up in his Cleveland house , where for more than a decade she and two other women endured repeated beatings and rapes , she wiped away the tears and started again . "  My name is Michelle Knight , and I would like to tell you what 11 years was like for me , " she told the judge Thursday , delivering an emotionally charged statement that was remarkable for both its hope and defiance . For days , there had been speculation about whether Knight and the women held with her -- Gina DeJesus and Amanda Berry -- would attend the sentencing hearing of Ariel Castro , who pleaded guilty last week to 937 counts in a deal that eliminated a possible death penalty in exchange for life in prison plus 1,000 years . Castro son : I wo n't visit dad in prison The speculation ended when the diminutive 32-year-old Knight , wearing a gray dress and purple-framed eyeglasses , stood in the courtroom after she was called by the judge . It was the first time Knight had been in the same room with Castro since she was freed from 11 years of captivity on May 6 after neighbors heard Berry 's cries and broke down a door . Knight stopped on her way to the front of the courtroom , hugging Berry 's sister and DeJesus ' cousin who minutes earlier had read statements on behalf of the two women . " ... I worried about what would happen to me and the other girls every day , " Knight told Judge Michael Russo as she sobbed , wiping away tears . "  Days never got shorter . Days turned into nights . Nights turned into days . Years turned into eternity . " Read Michelle Knight 's full statement In many ways , Knight is the least known to the public . She went missing on August 22 , 2002 , after being lured into Castro 's vehicle with a promise of a ride . Castro has told the court he spotted her at a Family Dollar store and overheard her talking about needing a ride . Unlike the abductions of DeJesus in August 2004 and Berry in 2003 , there was little made of her disappearance in the news . Knight 's grandmother , Deborah Knight , told The Plain Dealer in May , that the family had concluded that Michelle had left of her own accord because she was angry that she had lost custody of her 2-year-old son . That conclusion was supported by police and social workers , she told the newspaper . But the missing woman 's mother , Barbara Knight , told the newspaper that her daughter would never have broken all contact voluntarily . Even after Knight 's mother moved to Naples , Florida , she often returned to Cleveland 's West Side to search for her daughter , putting up posters seeking information about her , she told the newspaper . On Thursday , the world learned from Knight there was never a day that passed while she was in captivity that she did n't think of her son . "  I wondered if I was ever going to see him again , " she said . Knight , DeJesus , Berry and Berry 's 6-year-old daughter were held in Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home with boarded-up windows and peeling paint on Seymour Avenue . DNA tests have confirmed that Castro is the father of the 6-year-old . Who are the three women freed in Cleveland ? In court Thursday , Knight did not detail her abuse . But in a pre-sentencing evaluation , Frank Ochberg -- considered a pioneer in trauma science -- told the court that Knight suffered "  the longest and most severely " at the hands of Castro . The evaluation -- using statements , medical records , videotaped interviews and transcripts -- painted a horrifying picture of physical and emotional abuse that included brutal beatings and repeated rapes that resulted in pregnancies that he would end by punching the women in the stomach . In one case , he threw Knight down the stairs to cause a spontaneous abortion . Under threat of death by Castro , Knight was forced to deliver Berry 's child , Ochberg said . "  She served as doctor , nurse , pediatrician , midwife . She did the delivery . She did it under primitive conditions . When that little baby was n't breathing , she breathed into the baby . She breathed life into that child , " Ochberg testified during the hearing . "  She interposed herself so that Gina would n't get the assault , and she took it . She 's a very courageous and heroic individual . " Read Michelle Knight 's statement Knight told the judge that DeJesus saved her life . "  Gina was my teammate . She never let me fall , I never let her fall . She nursed me back to health when I was dying from his abuse , " she said . "  My friendship with her was the only thing that was good out of this situation . We said we will someday make it out alive , and we did . " With each sentence , her voice hardened . "  Ariel Castro , I remember all the times that you came home talking about what everybody else did wrong and act like you was n't doing the same thing . You said , ` At least I did n't kill you , ' " she said . "  You took 11 years of my life away , and now I 've got it back . I spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning . " She never looked at Castro , who sat handcuffed at the defense table flanked by two attorneys . "  I will overcome all this that happened . But you 'll face hell for eternity , " she said . "  From this moment on , I will not let you define me or effect who I am . I will live on , you will die a little every day as you think about the 11 years and atrocities you inflicted on us . " She told him the "  death penalty would be so much easier . " "  You do n't deserve that , you deserve to spend life in prison . I can forgive you but I will never forget , " she said . As she neared the end of her statement , Knight was no longer crying . Her voice was no longer wavering and breaking . It was strong and clear . "  I know there  are  a lot of people going through hard times . But we need to reach out a hand and hold them , and let them know they 're being heard , " she said . "  After 11 years , I 'm finally being heard . And it 's liberating . Thank you , all . I love you . God bless you . "	Michelle Knight , 32 , was kidnapped by Ariel Castro in August 2002 In a courtroom statement , she says Castro deserves to spend the rest of his life in prison "  I spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning , " she says Castro is sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years
CNN  -- "  Everything seems sexier in Paris , " muses New Yorker Alison Drew , who recently returned from an unforgettable romantic escape . "  Just walking around makes you want to be in love . " Paris has proved itself irresistible to Travel + Leisure readers as well , who again rated it No. 1 for romance in the latest World 's Best Awards survey . For some cities , setting the stage for love seems second nature . The 18th-annual awards revealed destinations for that perfect romantic getaway closer to home as well , like California 's quaint seaside village of Carmel  No. 3  with its storybook cottages , sheep meadows and rugged coastal views . Be it a gorgeous cityscape , an overflow of culture , or pastries that make your heart sing , the world 's most romantic cities offer plenty to love , whether you 've found a match or are merely looking to let some sparks fly . No. 1 Paris For both art lovers and lover lovers , ranking the City of Light as the best in the world in both categories may sound clich , but the heart wants what the heart wants  and is always right  . Walks along the Seine , tree-lined boulevards and cobbled lanes , a swoony stop at the Muse Rodin , or a simple glass of red in a cozy bistro all add to l'amour Parisienne . Do n't miss : The picnic-perfect Place des Vosges , one of Paris 's oldest and most beautiful squares , surrounded by elegant 17th-century mansions in the Marais quarter . No. 2 Venice Although Venice ranked No. 25 overall this year , the City of Water rises toward the top of the world 's best cities when it comes to love -- and it 's easy to see why . Its hidden bridges , cobblestoned alleyways and iconic canals are perfect for getting lost in with a partner . Stroll the palaces and piazzas , explore the ancient architecture and while away the day in chic boutiques , art galleries and canal-side cafs . Do n't miss : The legendary grandeur of Hotel Cipriani  Europe 's No. 5 small city hotel  on serene Giudecca Island , offering balcony views of St. Mark 's Square and a private wooden boat for traversing the lagoon . Travel + Leisure : America 's best new romantic restaurants No. 3 Carmel , California Storybook cottages , quaint shops , art galleries and inviting eateries in this quaint seaside village abut one of northern California 's most spectacular swaths of sand . Amble along the cypress-fringed path overlooking the rugged coast or cuddle on a bench and gaze out on the Pacific . Wine-tasting in nearby Carmel Valley , Pebble Beach 's scenic 17-mile drive and the redwood-laden road to Big Sur only heighten the romance factor . Do n't miss : : A glass of wine on the patio of Clint Eastwood 's Mission Ranch , with rolling sheep meadows and sparkling sea vistas , before dinner at L'Auberge Carmel 's cozy Aubergine restaurant , helmed by one of Food & Wine 's Best New Chefs of 2013 , Justin Cogley . No. 4 Florence With its red-roofed buildings along the Arno backed by rolling hills , it 's no wonder this Renaissance city leaves visitors love-struck . Art lovers fall for Florence 's classic architecture and masterful Michelangelos , while foodies adore the authentic Tuscan cuisine and stone 's - throw jaunts to the Chianti countryside . Do n't miss : Jaw-dropping skyline vistas from the Giardini Bardini , or essential souvenir shopping in the charming Oltrarno quarter , with its artisan workshops and small boutiques . Travel + Leisure : Worst romantic hotel fails No. 5 Honolulu This tropical paradise wins over T+L readers with a perfect cosmopolitan coast : miles of sandy stretches , dramatic cliffs , balmy weather and a buzzing dining and nightlife scene . Couples can snorkel the calm shores of Hanauma Bay Beach ; hike to the top of Diamond Head Crater for stellar sea and Waikiki views ; then hit the town for a date night of Pacific Rim cuisine . Do n't miss : A stay at the posh Halekulani , a five-acre resort with tropical grounds fronting Waikiki Beach , or Sunday brunch at its open-air Orchids restaurant , where Hawaiian specialties come with views of Diamond Head . No. 6 Quebec City , Canada Set on the banks of the Saint Lawrence River , Quebec may be one of the oldest cities in North America but the French appeal of this capital -- which jumped up this year from No. 11 -- never gets old . Stroll the historic quarter 's narrow cobbled lanes , where centuries-old stone buildings house antique shops , museums and sidewalk cafs in an almost fairy-tale European-like setting . Do n't miss : Parc Linaire , a weave of walking trails along the St. Charles River that lead to lush gardens , canyons and waterfalls . Travel + Leisure : America 's most romantic towns No. 7 San Francisco While San Francisco scored high marks for food  No. 2 in the world  , trendsetting eateries are only one ingredient in the City by the Bay 's allure -- as are Napa-Sonoma 's wine country an hour north . Couples with a penchant for kissable selfies have a multitude of worthy backdrops , from colorful Victorian row houses to Art Deco mansions , hilly bohemian-chic neighborhoods and rugged natural vistas out over the  often fog-shrouded  bay . Do n't miss : The storybook town of Tiburon , where twosomes can picnic on the sprawling grassy waterfront , hike to 360-degree panoramas of the San Francisco skyline or bike along the banks of the shimmering bay . No. 8 Rome Romance is undeniably a part of Rome 's heritage -- it 's not nicknamed the Eternal City for nothing -- with its epic monuments , baroque churches and medieval ruins vying with charming trattorias for your attention . Few pleasures come close to grabbing a table for two by a millennia-old fountain , sipping a cappuccino and soaking it all in . Do n't miss : A romantic walk over cobblestones on the 2,300-year-old Appian Way , past Roman countryside , ancient statues and imperial palaces . No. 9 Cape Town Framed by the dramatic Table Mountain ridge and breathtaking seascapes , Cape Town is arguably South Africa 's most beautiful city , where markets and colonial-era cottages meet the modern metropolis . You can wander the local art galleries or take a short drive through the rolling-hilled Winelands and get a flavor for the region 's burgeoning farm-to-table fare . Sun-seekers can also find a secluded spot on Camps Bay 's white-sand beaches . Do n't miss : A sumptuous room with service to match at Cape Grace , a luxurious hideaway set on its own private quay on the V&A Waterfront . No. 10 Charleston , South Carolina Whether it 's the charming folks  ranked No. 9 for world 's friendliest people  , blossoming arts scene , raved-about Lowcountry cuisine or historic neighborhoods , Charleston satisfies every southern fantasy . In fact , every corner seems to stage a proposal-worthy scene , from the Battery with its moss-draped oaks and antebellum mansions to Waterfront Park 's picturesque Cooper River views . Do n't miss : Unrivaled harbor and skyline panoramas over sunset cocktails at the Market Pavilion Hotel  ranked No. 1 small city hotel in the U.S. and Canada  . See all of the world 's best cities for romance Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The City of Light is still tops for lovers of love and art No need to cross the pond with two romantic California towns on the list Cross over the Canadian border to find French-style romance
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Hollywood home of the Academy Awards show has a new name to replace the one it lost when Eastman Kodak Co. filed for bankruptcy in January . The former Kodak Theatre is now the Dolby Theatre , thanks to a 20-year naming rights contract with Dolby Laboratories , a company known for its movie sound systems . Along with getting its name mentioned frequently in the Oscars broadcasts and coverage leading up to the show , Dolby will use the theater as a "  world class showcase for Dolby innovation , " said Ramzi Haidamus , Dolby 's sales and marketing executive vice president . The sponsorship deal includes a commitment by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to keep the annual Oscars ceremony in the 3,400-seat theater for another 20 years ; it has been there since 2002 . "  The Academy 's Board of Governors believes that the home for our awards is in Hollywood , " Academy President Tom Sherak said . "  It is where the Academy and the motion picture industry are rooted . " There had been speculation that the Oscars could move to the newer Nokia Theatre at L.A. Live in downtown Los Angeles . Dolby would not reveal how much it was paying for the naming rights , but Kodak reportedly paid $ 4 million a year in the deal , initiated when the theater opened in 2001 . Dolby 's contract is "  very directly tied to the Oscars being held in this theatre , " meaning the company could get out of the deal if the Academy moved its awards show before 2033 , Haidamus said . The company is "  working feverishly " to produce Dolby Theatre marquee signage , which should be up within weeks , he said . The theater is in a retail complex at the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue , one of the world 's most-visited tourist spots .	A new naming rights deal creates the Dolby Theatre Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences decides to keep Oscars there another 20 years Eastman Kodak 's bankruptcy removed film company 's name from the marquee in January Deal ends speculation that Oscars could move to a newer theater
Atlanta  CNN  -- He once walked through fire ; now , he 's using fire to forge a September 11 memorial . Artist , sculptor and former Marine firefighter Curtis James Miller will unveil his memorial Sunday , the 10th anniversary of the terrorist attacks , in an Atlanta suburb . He recently spoke to CNN about his work ; here 's an edited transcript of that interview : CNN : Tell me a little about how this project started . Curtis James Miller : Doug Harms , who works with  the  DeKalb  County  Fire  Department  , approached me about doing this memorial . I guess he saw my work online . So , he contacted me and told me about his idea to do a memorial outside the fire station using a piece of Trade Center steel . From the time we spoke , I kind of had one idea stuck in my head : the phoenix wing , rising out of the ashes . CNN : Where were you on September 11 ? Miller : I was somewhere in the middle-end of my firefighter training in the Marine Corps . So that day really put a picture of reality on the job I was doing both as a firefighter and as a Marine . CNN : How long were you a Marine ? Miller : I joined the Marines around '99 and I had my last tour , my second tour of Iraq , back in 2008 . So , I think around 10 years . CNN : How did you decide to make the jump to art after your service ? Miller : I 've always done art . I did it before I went into the military , and now I 'm continuing with it . I went to  the Savannah College of Art and Design  when I transitioned back . I 've graduated since then , and now I 'm sort of a vagabond in life right now . It really gives me a great opportunity to do what I want to do . And this project is part of it . CNN : You 've said you enjoy doing memorials . Why is that ? Miller : I see myself , the artist side of me , as a storyteller . And I do n't really see art as all that important . It 's something I do , it 's something I 've done , it 's always a part of me , and I enjoy it . But I 'm not building bridges ; I 'm not saving people 's lives ; I 'm painting pretty pictures . So the importance to me of art that I can do is to memorialize people who deserve it . So this is really a chance for me to say these people are important . With this memorial specifically , it kind of dawned on me the other day : It 's not just about 9/11 . It 's not just about that day . It 's about the people that lost their lives and that were affected and lost family , friends , but it continues , especially doing this 10 years later , it 's about the people that continue to serve . Before 9/11 , after 9/11 , they 're still important . And this memorial sort of brings that to light . And to me , that 's important . To keep people 's minds open . And that 's kind of what art can do . CNN : What materials are you working with for this piece ? Miller : It 's steel . And it 's handmade . It 's been myself and my team working at all hours of the night . In all temperatures of the  summer  heat . And adding to that temperature , the forges and the heat and the welding and the leather protective gear we 're wearing . CNN : Is there any significance with the number of feathers on your sculpture ? Miller : My uncle called me in the beginning of the build and said 343 . And I said , yeah . That 's the number of firefighters that died in 9/11 . He said 343 feathers . I kind of looked at my drawings and design . I said maybe I could maybe make it happen . But the feathers are too big , and there was n't enough room to make it happen . But wings in general mean a lot . And everybody has their own connection to them . CNN : What will it look like when it 's all finished ? Miller : It will be set on a solid piece of granite that 's in the shape of a pentagon . Not just to symbolize that building alone but the military and country . And having that ... phoenix wing coming out of the ashes with that piece of the trade tower there , that wing can incorporate some of the emotion of the planes that were hijacked . And then we 'll have flight markers made out of granite . Four , one for each flight , with a timeline of all of the events for each flight on each marker . So the whole site is in a 52-foot circle in front of DeKalb County police and fire headquarters . To learn more about the memorial , visit the DeKalb 9/11 Memorial Project website .	Artist , sculptor and former Marine forging 9/11 memorial for Atlanta suburb Curtis James Miller will unveil memorial Sunday , 10th anniversary of terrorist attacks Memorial depicts phoenix wing rising from ashes , framing piece of Twin Towers steel
