Washington  CNN  -- Even though there 's been little change in gas prices recently , drivers could soon see changes in the look of the pumps they use to fill up . The Obama administration and the Environmental Protection Agency announced Thursday they intend to phase out the rubber boots on gas pump handles now used to capture harmful gasoline vapors while refueling cars . The EPA says the vapor-capturing fuel pumps are redundant because more than 70 % of all cars on the road today are equipped with on-board systems that capture the harmful vapors . According to the EPA , 31,000 affected gas stations in mostly urban areas where smog is a problem will each save $ 3,000 apiece once the ruling is fully implemented . "  We will remain vigilant when it comes to eliminating regulations that are not necessary or that impose unnecessary burdens on America 's families and businesses , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . Since 1994 , gas stations that did not meet air quality standards have been required to use gas vapor recovery systems . The most obvious gas vapor recovery system for drivers is the rubber boot at the end of the fuel pump nozzle that fits directly over the gas tank opening . When drivers refuel , gas vapors can escape and contribute to smog and harmful air pollution . To combat the release of these vapors , most gas stations have installed special gas pump nozzles that include the rubber boot to block vapors from escaping . The EPA says the rubber fittings will be phased out as part of the new rule . The White House decision is the latest government-wide review of federal regulations . The White House said in a statement it hopes Thursday 's move will save consumers and businesses almost $ 6 billion in the next five years . "  By streamlining some rules and eliminating others , " said Cass Sunstein , administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , "  we can save billions of dollars in unnecessary costs while continuing to protect the health and safety of the American people . " But for drivers , the decision will mean less hassle trying to get the rubber boot to fit over their gas tank opening . Motorcyclists and some recreational vehicle drivers have long complained that the environment-friendly gas nozzles were incompatible with their vehicles . Other areas highlighted in the White House 's announcement include allowing states to replace traffic signs that were previously federally regulated , changing railroad regulations related to freight train travel , and changing certain regulatory reporting requirements for hospitals and doctors .	The Obama administration and the EPA intend to change the look of gas pump handles The EPA plans to phase out the rubber boots on pump handles The rubber fitting is redundant as most cars are equipped to capture the vapors
CNN  -- With gas prices inching their way back up and traffic in most metropolitan areas bottlenecking along any rush-hour route , it 's a wonder that the majority of the modern office workforce does n't telecommute . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . The sad fact is that many bosses and personnel departments refuse to see the value in allowing their underlings the freedom to work from home in spite of the massive cost savings of business overhead  i.e. office space rental , work stations , parking , etc.  and potentially increased productivity . How can employees be working , these short-sighted micromanagers muse , if they 're not monitored for every second they 're on the clock ? Who 's going to make sure they 're taking their allotted 30-minute lunches and 10-minute breaks ? Who will crack the whip when the personal phone calls and water cooler chit-chat get out of hand ? Stuck in the mindset of the 19th-century business model like Dickensian Scrooges , these uninformed overseers fail to see how grown adults could possibly be trusted to monitor their own work habits and get their jobs done without the "  benefit " of managerial ... guidance . They do n't understand how constant meddling  i.e. , calling endless meetings , tapping their watches parentally when employees return from lunch two minutes late , interrupting the general flow by introducing empty priority items over work already in progress , etc.  hinders -- rather than stimulates -- overall office morale and productivity . Let 's say your job really is something that does n't require you to be shackled to a desk in some office loft 's cubicle sprawlscape . You have a daily checklist of tasks that need to be done and , regardless of whatever distractions may come your way , you 've got the discipline to make sure you get those tasks crossed off before the personnel department 's officially permitted quitting time . What do you say to a boss who , for no sane reason on God 's green earth , resists a sensible appeal for allowing you to telecommute ? It 's tempting to parrot the immortal words of Redd Foxx 's Fred Sanford and say : "  You big dummy ! " But do n't . Do n't . Sure , it 'd probably save you the agony of your daily commute , but ... On the other hand , if you 're lucky enough to work in a place that does allow you to telecommute but the person who needs the most convincing is you , here are some of the best reasons I can come up with  maybe you 'll think of more -- if so , drop me a line and share !  : 1 . You 'll save money on gas and car repairs , and possibly insurance since you 'll be traveling less miles every day . 2 . No more random interruptions from the office busybody . 3 . Worried about not having enough social interaction ? Do your work at home and hang out with people of your own choosing afterward instead of whoever you get stuck with all day long at the office ! Sure , those social circles may overlap and you might actually enjoy the company of people with whom you happen to work , but my point here is that telecommuting gives you options . 4 . Spend a good chunk of your day on the Internet ? The office will likely pay for your home broadband connection ! 5 . Need to share a presentation with someone ? Think about putting it up on SlideShare . 6 . Need to collaborate on a spreadsheet ? Use Google Docs ! Stop sending file attachments , already ! Seriously , if you 've learned nothing else from this article , it 's the benefit of using a service like Google Docs . 7 . Need to look at someone 's desktop remotely ? I bet your company 's system administrator has a tool for the job . 8 . Need to take notes with a group , even if you 're not in the same room together ? Check out Etherpad.com . 9 . Need some kind of radio playing in the background , just for that old-time officey feel ? Point a Web browser to Pandora.com or Last.fm . You can define your own stations instantly , based on music and artists you love . 10 . Monitor your eating habits , because  I 'm telling you  you 'll snack more at home than you do at work -- it 's too convenient . Hey , I had to throw in at least one caveat , right ? Still reading this at the office in spite of being offered the option to telecommute by your progressive , 21st-century , forward-thinking company ? What the heck are you waiting for , you big dummy ?	CNN tech columnist Chris Pirillo offers his reasons to try working from home Telecommuting offers huge cost savings to employer and employee alike Your office will likely pay for your home broadband connection No more random interruptions from the office busybody !
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. authorities have ratcheted up pressure on one of Mexico 's most notorious drug cartels , releasing new details about the so-called Gulf Cartel 's operations and offering up to a $ 50 million reward for the arrest of its leaders . These are weapons that the Mexican army said it seized from the ruthless Gulf Cartel in 2008 . A federal indictment unsealed Monday charged Miguel Trevino Morales , a leader of the northern Mexico-based Gulf Cartel , of operating a criminal enterprise , cocaine distribution and firearms violations . Concurrently , prosecutors updated a separate indictment against three other top leaders of the Gulf Cartel : Antonio Cardenas Guillen , Jorge Eduardo Costilla and Heriberto Lazcano , for drug trafficking related crimes , all believed to be at large in Mexico . Fifteen other suspected cartel members are also named in that indictment . "  We have learned that the most effective way to disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations is to prosecute their leaders and seize their funding , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer said in a statement . To that end , the departments of justice , state and treasury are working together to place pressure on the Gulf Cartel and what authorities describe as its ruthless enforcement arm , known as Los Zetas . The Department of the Treasury designated the four top bosses named in the indictments as Specially Designated Narcotics Traffickers , which authorizes the freezing of any assets they hold in the United States and other sanctions . The Gulf Cartel and Zetas , nicknamed collectively as "  The Company , " are among the major drug cartels that are behind the drug-related violence that has swept Mexico in recent years , according to authorities . Since taking office in 2006 , Mexican President Felipe Calderon has made fighting the cartels a major priority . The group also operates in cities across the United States , authorities said . The court documents detail telephone conversations between the four leaders and more than a dozen other cartel members allegedly discussing the transportation and smuggling of cocaine and marijuana into the United States . "  These indictments allege a stunning and sophisticated operation by ` The Company ' to move illegal drugs into our communities and cash back to Mexico , " Breuer said . The State Department is offering a rewards totaling up to $ 50 million for information leading to the capture of four top leaders and six other cartel lieutenants .	U.S. authorities ratchet up the pressure on Mexico 's notorious Gulf Cartel Federal indictment names leader , three other top players in drug cartel Plan to disrupt cartel : "  Prosecute their leaders and seize their funding " Enforcement arm of cartel is known as Los Zetas ; cartel operates in U.S. cities
Huntington Beach , California  CNN  -- It 's dark . Sunrise is still more than an hour away as Janet Evans tucks a last strand of dark hair beneath her latex swim cap . "  This is the hardest part , " she says as she stares into the blue light reflected up out of the pool and prepares to plunge into another day of exhausting training . By day 's end , Evans will have logged up to 10 miles in the pool and 45 minutes of intense training in the weight room . Her goal seems an impossible dream , an Olympic comeback after 15 years in retirement . She will compete in U.S. Olympic Trials in the 800-meter freestyle next week . As her slender body knifes through the water , it is easy to imagine that the clock has rolled back to 1988 , when Evans burst onto the Olympic scene at 17 with three gold medal victories at Seoul , South Korea . Four years later , Evans added silver and another gold at the games in Barcelona . In 1996 , she was a part of one of the most electrifying moments in Olympic history , when she passed the Olympic flame to Muhammad Ali in Atlanta 's Opening Ceremonies . But by the '96 Olympics , Evans was burned out from over a decade of competition . "  I was 24 , " she says , "  I 'd started to have a few shoulder problems . ... I was tired , you know ? " At 40 , Evans still retains the effervescent smile that warmed the nation 's heart so long ago . Gone is the pixie haircut . It 's been replaced with a more sophisticated shoulder-length style more fitting a busy post-retirement career as a wife , a mother of two , an Olympics booster and a motivational speaker . She is currently representing Metamucil . Evans says those experiences , especially motherhood , have given her a more grounded perspective than she ever had at 17 . It was two years ago that Evans started thinking about a comeback . She was attending a swim meet and realized that the winning times had n't really improved much in the 15 years since her retirement . "  Can I do this ? " she texted her former coach , Mark Schubert . "  You 'll never know unless you try , " was his response . But Schubert warned that the distance races that were Evans ' specialty can take a toll on a 40-year-old body . Evans says she was back in the water the next day , the start of a two-year odyssey . She swims six days a week now with members of the Golden West Swim Club , a team made up of kids less than half her age . "  Those teenagers are an important part of my life , " says Evans , "  They motivate me . " But will that motivation be enough to return Evans to the top of her sport ? Schubert says it just might . "  Her attitude is exactly the same as it was when she was younger , " Schubert said . "  I think Janet is going to amaze everyone with how fast she can swim . " Since announcing her comeback , Evans has heard from both supporters and critics . " ` You 've had your time . ' I 've heard that a lot , " says Evans . "  For me , it 's a question of confidence and knowing that my legacy will be intact .  It 's  being proud of the fact that at 40 , I can come back and actually swim with 17-year-olds and keep up . " "  Well , if I swim fast enough , " laughs Evans , "  Who says it 's not my time ? "	Janet Evans , 40 , is trying to make the U.S. Olympic swimming team She has been retired for 15 years Two years ago , the wife and mother of two began planning a comeback Coach predicts she will "  amaze everyone " with her speed
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Fighting flared in Yemen 's volatile south Saturday , as security forces -- backed by armed tribesmen -- battled Islamic militants in the region , eyewitnesses said . Hundreds of tribesmen joined the fight in the town of Zinjibar , vowing to stand strong until Islamic militants leave Abyan province . "  We will not stop until the terrorists leave the province . We will fight and have nothing to lose , " said Masood Mansoor , one of the fighters . "  This land is ours and we will not allow it to be a safe haven from outlaws . " Government troops have been battling both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . A senior security official in Zinjibar said the clashes began Saturday night and were the fiercest yet in the weeks-long fight against the militants . The official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said several militants were killed our wounded , but could n't give exact numbers . "  The clashes are nonstop and the forces are surrounding the militants from all directions , " the official said . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . Widespread tumult has engulfed Yemen for months , with thousands of demonstrators who oppose the rule of Ali Abdullah Saleh urging the president 's departure . Saleh went to Saudi Arabia for treatment after injuries suffered in an attack on his compound . Government spokesman Abdu Ganadi said Saturday that all Yemenis should put their differences aside and focus on one enemy , referring to the suspected al Qaeda militants . "  Before we enter political dialogue with the opposition , all factions should first work in ensuring a safe and secure arena for dialogue . Only then would political dialogue be fruitful , " said Ganadi . Ganadi said that the government will do all it can to fight terror in the country and called on the international community to support Yemen against the militants .	Battle against militants in southern Yemen rages "  We will fight and have nothing to lose , " tribesman says There 's fear that al Qaeda is exploiting Yemen 's political chaos
We 're one of the first generations to have to deal with the torrent of information about things very far removed from our own lives . For most of history , it was extremely difficult to come by information about what was happening anywhere else . And you probably did n't mind . What difference would it make , if you were a crofter in the Hebrides , northern Scotland , to learn that a power struggle was brewing in the Ottoman Empire ? Much of what we now take for granted as news has its origins in the information needed by people taking major decisions or at the center of national affairs . We still hear the echoes in the way news is reported ; timing is assumed to be critical , as it really would be if we were active agents . If you do n't have the latest update you might make a terrible blunder or miss a wonderful opportunity . Ease of communication and a generous democratic impulse mean that information originally designed for decision-makers , now gets routinely sent via the media to very large numbers of people . It is as if a dossier , with the latest news from Kiev , which might properly arrive on the desk of a minister has accidentally been delivered to the wrong address and ends up on the breakfast table of a librarian in Colchester or an electrician in Pitlochry . But the librarian or electrician might quite reasonably turn round and politely point out that they ca n't do anything with this knowledge and that , surely , the files have come to them by mistake . They do n't , but only because habit has closed our eyes to the underlying strangeness of the phenomenon . Every day the news gives us stuff that is both interesting for some people and irrelevant to you . So one reads a very insightful article on the prospects for political reform in Pakistan , meaning that if you were wondering whether Pakistan was a good place to locate a new factory you 'd be able to make a better-informed decision . Or there are revelations that tensions in the Cabinet are more serious than previously supposed . So if you were wondering whether this might be a good time to launch your leadership bid , this would be a good piece to read . But otherwise ... ? The modern idea of news is pleasantly flattering . Yet it 's really quite strange . We keep getting information that is n't really for us to know what to do with . No wonder we 're sometimes a bit bored . It 's not our fault . The news is also rather jealous . It wants to distract you from a private sense of purpose . It would be dangerous if hardly anyone paid attention to what the government was doing , or what was happening to the environment or events in Kiev . But it is not right to go from this to the demand that everyone should be interested in every item at the very moment when the news machine requests their attention . Indeed , we badly need people whose attention is not caught up in the trends of the moment and who are not looking in the same direction as everyone else . We need people scanning the less familiar parts of the horizon . There was a time when a particular country in crisis had n't reached the headlines , when the approved legislation had n't even been formulated , when few people were interested in coral reefs ... These things had to get going , and to do so , they needed a pool of independent thinkers of a kind who turn today 's unpromising themes into tomorrow 's mainstream , "  obvious " topics of interest . Indifference to big banner events can be churlish . But it can also be the mark of deep and important originality . Let 's treat the phenomenon of not being interested in some stories with cautious respect . The news wants you to keep reading , but you also know there are times you should stop . The news is the best distraction ever invented . It sounds so serious and important . But it wants you never to have any free time ever again , time where you can daydream , unpack your anxieties and have a conversation with yourself . There are countless difficult things hiding away deep within us which we should give some thought to even though the desperate temptation is to keep clicking and looking . We need news sabbaths . We need long train journeys on which we have no wireless signal and nothing to read , where our carriage is mostly empty , where the views are expansive and where the only sounds are those made by the wheels as they click against the rails . We need plane journeys when we have a window seat and nothing else to focus on for two or three hours but the tops of clouds and our own thoughts . We need relief from the news-fuelled impression that we are living in an age of unparalleled importance , with our wars , our debts , our riots , our missing children , our after-premiere parties , our IPOs and our rogue missiles . We need , on occasion , to be able to rise up into the air , to a place where that particular conference and this particular epidemic , that new phone and this shocking wildfire , will lose a little of their power to affect us -- and where even the most intractable problems will seem to dissolve against a backdrop of the stars above us . We should at times forego our own news in order to pick up on the far stranger , more wondrous headlines of those less eloquent species that surround us : kestrels and snow geese , spider beetles and black-faced leafhoppers , lemurs and small children -- all creatures usefully uninterested in our own melodramas ; counterweights to our anxieties and self-absorption . A flourishing life requires a capacity to recognize the times when the news no longer has anything original or important to teach us ; periods when we should refuse imaginative connection with strangers , when we must leave the business of governing , triumphing , failing , creating or killing to others , in the knowledge that we have our own objectives to honor in the brief time still allotted to us .	It 's of course vital we watch what our government is doing , or what is happening in Kiev , writes Alain de Botton However much of the news has little relevance to our lives , and we do not need to know it , he writes De Botton : Instead we should honor our own objectives in the brief time still allotted to us
CNN  -- In a first for the prestigious organization , a Nobel Prize will go to a man who died just days before being named a winner . Ralph Steinman , a biologist with Rockefeller University , was named a winner Monday of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine . He would have won half the prize of approximately $ 1.5 million ; the other half will be shared by scientists Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann . Steinman died of pancreatic cancer Friday at the age of 68 , after having extended his life using a kind of therapy he designed , his university said in a statement Monday . The Nobel committee was unaware of his death . Had they known , their own rules would have precluded him being selected as a winner . The decision was made Monday , just before the announcement , Nobel officials said . "  The events that have occurred are unique and , to the best of our knowledge , are unprecedented in the history of the Nobel Prize , " the Nobel Assembly said in a statement , announcing that Steinman will remain a Nobel laureate . Making the decision meant circumventing one of the Nobel rules . The Nobel Prize website states that since 1974 , rules have stipulated that a prize "  can not be awarded posthumously , unless death has occurred after the announcement . " In its statement Monday , the Nobel Assembly said it interpreted "  the purpose of the rule " as making sure no one is "  deliberately " awarded the prize posthumously . Because the committee did not know of Steinman 's death , the decision "  was made in good faith , " the assembly said . The Nobel committee also expressed "  deep sadness and regret " at the news . Speaking to CNN , Goran Hansson , secretary-general of the Nobel assembly overseeing the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , said the fact that Steinman did n't know he would win "  adds to the sadness . " Hansson said that after the committee chose the winners Monday , he tried to call Steinman to inform him of the good news . Rockefeller University said Steinman "  discovered the immune system 's sentinel dendritic cells and demonstrated that science can fruitfully harness the power of these cells and other components of the immune system to curb infections and other communicable diseases . " "  He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer four years ago , and his life was extended using a dendritic cell-based immunotherapy of his own design , " the university said in a statement . The Nobel committee noted Steinman 's "  discovery of the dendritic cell and its role in adaptive immunity . " Bruce A. Beutler and Jules A. Hoffmann won "  for their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity . " In 1996 , William Vickrey died days after the announcement that he had won the Nobel Prize in economics . Before 1974 , two people received Nobel Prizes posthumously -- Dag Hammarskjold won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1961 , and Erik Axel Karlfeldt won for literature in 1931 . Monday 's announcement about the winners kicked off a week of awards that will also honor achievements in physics , chemistry , literature , peace and economics . The Nobel Assembly at Karolinska Institute said Beutler , Hoffmann and Steinman have "  revolutionized our understanding of the immune system by discovering key principles for its activation . " "  Bruce Beutler and Jules Hoffmann discovered receptor proteins that can recognize such microorganisms and activate innate immunity , the first step in the body 's immune response , " the committee said in a written statement . "  Ralph Steinman discovered the dendritic cells of the immune system and their unique capacity to activate and regulate adaptive immunity , the later stage of the immune response during which microorganisms are cleared from the body . " The Nobel laureates ' discoveries and work have opened up new opportunities for the development of prevention and therapy against infections , cancer and inflammatory diseases , the committee said . The prize in medicine , worth 10 million Swedish kronor  about $ 1.5 million  , went last year to Robert G. Edwards , "  the father of the test tube baby . " Since the first birth from in vitro fertilization in 1978 , Edwards ' work has led to the birth of about 4 million babies , the awards committee said in praising his work . On Tuesday , the committee will announce its award for achievement in physics . The next day , the winner of the Nobel Prize in chemistry will be announced . The committee will announce the most anticipated of the annual honors -- the Nobel Peace Prize -- on Friday . On October 10 , the committee will announce its award for the prize for economics . Since 1901 , the committee has handed out the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 101 times . The youngest recipient was Frederick G. Banting , who won in 1923 at the age of 32 . The oldest medicine laureate was Peyton Rous , who was 87 years old when he was awarded the prize in 1966 .	NEW : Ralph Steinman remains the Nobel laureate , the committee says NEW : The situation is unprecedented in Nobel history , the committee says Steinman , 68 , died days ago after extending his life with his own discoveries The other half of the prize , and about $ 1.5 million , goes to Bruce Beutler and Jules Hoffmann
CNN  -- The girlfriend of former NFL star Steve McNair first shot him in his right temple , then fired three more shots at close range , most likely as he slept , police said Wednesday . Steve McNair , 36 , spent 13 seasons in the NFL , the majority with the Tennessee Titans . She then sat on the couch next to his body , and killed herself so that she would fall into his lap , they said . "  The totality of the evidence clearly points to a murder-suicide , " Nashville , Tennessee , Police Chief Ronal Serpas told reporters at an afternoon news conference . McNair , 36 , and Sahel Kazemi , 20 , were found fatally shot in a condominium in downtown Nashville on Saturday afternoon , authorities said . "  McNair was seated on the sofa and likely was asleep , and we believe that Kazemi shot him in the right temple , then shot him twice in the chest , and then shot him a final time in the left temple , " Serpas said . Watch police chief describe murder-suicide " "  Kazemi then positioned herself next to McNair on the sofa and shot herself once in the right temple and expired . ... We do believe she tried to stage that when she killed herself , she would fall in his lap . " A trace of gunshot residue was found on her left hand , he said . Kazemi used a 9 mm handgun , Serpas said . McNair was married and had four children . Serpas said he had spoken with McNair 's wife Wednesday to update her on the investigation . The police chief said Kazemi had become rattled over the last week , believing that McNair was involved with another woman . "  She had become very distraught and on two occasions told friends and associates that her life was all messed up and that she was going to end it all , " Serpas said . He said Kazemi had seen another person leave the condo a few days before and was concerned "  whether or not her relationship was unraveling with Mr. McNair . " "  There was evidence that she was spinning out of control , " Serpas said . He added that there was no evidence found at the condo indicating anyone else was there at the time of the deaths , which is believed to be after 1 a.m. Saturday . Dr. Feng Li , the assistant medical examiner who has been handling the case , told CNN earlier Wednesday that all evidence was "  indicating that she killed Mr. McNair and killed herself . " "  It 's almost an assured thing . We have to be convinced otherwise , " Li said . See McNair 's football bio " The coroner said he will not finalize the "  manner of death " on Kazemi 's death certificate until he has final lab test results , which are a few days away . "  I have to have everything together , and then I make the opinion , " he said . "  We want to be as thorough and as detailed as possible . " Li said Kazemi was found face-down in the condo with the gun underneath her . The autopsy indicates she shot herself once through her right temple . "  She was found on the feet of Mr. McNair , who sat on the sofa , " he said . "  It 's very hard for everybody involved , " Li said . "  Our thoughts and prayers go to the families . " Earlier in the week , police said that on Thursday evening , Kazemi purchased the pistol found at the scene . Hours before the purchase , Kazemi was pulled over in a traffic stop and charged with driving under the influence . She was accompanied by McNair in a Cadillac Escalade he had purchased for her . McNair was allowed to leave the scene in a taxi after Kazemi was given a field sobriety test . On Friday night , Kazemi who worked as a waitress told a co-worker "  that she was thinking about ending it , " Serpas said . Police found their bodies in the condo -- leased to McNair and his friend Wayne Neeley -- about 1:30 p.m. Saturday . The two had been dead for hours before Neeley , who had to use a key to enter the building , discovered the clothed bodies Saturday afternoon , according to police . Neeley then called his friend Robert Gaddy , who arrived at the condo and called police . Serpas said it is unusual for such a time gap , but "  not unheard of . " He said police do not believe the crime scene was tampered . McNair spent 13 seasons in the NFL , mostly with the Tennessee Titans , where he excelled on the field as quarterback . He was named the NFL 's co-MVP in 2003 and spent his last two seasons with the Baltimore Ravens before announcing his retirement in April 2008 . The Titans reached the Super Bowl in 2000 , losing to the St. Louis Rams . McNair led the Titans in a dramatic comeback that day , with a final tying touchdown coming up a yard short . "  Any death is tragic , " the Nashville police chief said , "  and the deaths we 're talking about today are tragic to the families of all involved and tragic to our community . "	"  The totality of the evidence clearly points to a murder-suicide , " chief says Coroner : "  It 's almost an assured thing . We have to be convinced otherwise " McNair and his girlfriend , Sahel Kazemi , were found shot to death Saturday
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- France established Tuesday its first strategic foothold in the Gulf , when President Nicolas Sarkozy opened a French military base in Abu Dhabi , the United Arab Emirates . The new military presence , named the ` Peace Camp ' , will accommodate up to 500 French troops , and comprises a French facility at the Emirates ' Al Dhafra air base . It can accommodate Mirage and Rafale jets and includes a naval base of about 20 acres at the port of Mina Zayed , which can handle any French naval vessel except aircraft carriers . There is also an army camp at Zayed , specializing in urban combat training , according to sources close to the government of UAE . "  Through this base -- the first in the Middle East -- France is ready to shoulder its responsibilities to ensure stability in this strategic region , " said President Sarkozy . The Gulf is of geopolitical importance both because of its gas and oil resources and because of its proximity to Iran . Iranian authorities did not comment Tuesday but has previously voiced displeasure at the new French presence . Sarkozy , in an interview with the UAE 's official news agency WAM , described the base as a "  concrete and strong testimony of our desire to stand , whatever might happen , at the side of the United Arab Emirates . " "  The permanent French military installation in Abu Dhabi shows the responsibility that France , as a global power , agrees to assume with its closest partners , in a region that is a fault line for the whole world , " Sarkozy said . Analysts described the new French base , as "  small in size but an important step . " "  Today France manage to break the United States ' long monopoly to the Gulf region , which is important for the whole world , " Mustafa Al ` alani , from the Dubai based , Gulf Research Center . He added that the base Peace Camp gives France a strategic position on the vital Gulf shipping corridor , which carries about 40 percent of the world 's petroleum supplies , and therefore , must be protected . " The U.S. maintains the predominant foreign military presence in the Gulf , with key air bases and logistics operations , and its Fifth Fleet headquartered in Bahrain . U.S. officials were not reachable for comment Tuesday , but Fifth Fleet senior officials told CNN.com Arabic last year that they welcomed the step , and described it as an extra hand in combating piracy . The base is France 's first new overseas outpost since the end of its colonial era 50 years ago and is small compared with its installation at Djibouti , on the Gulf of Aden . Djibouti remains the base for French warships on anti-piracy patrols . Paris and Abu Dhabi also updated bilateral defense accords that were signed in 1991 and 1995 . Officials would not confirm their talks included the possible sale of 60 new Rafale jets to the UAE in a deal worth up to $ 11 billion . One senior UAE official said : "  We always discuss with friends possible deals , and France is on the top of the list . " The multi-role Rafale -- which has yet to find a foreign buyer -- could replace the Emirates ' fleet of French Mirage 2000 combat planes . Sarkozy also discussed oil prices with the UAE officials - saying : "  Why do n't we agree , producer countries and consumers , on general price guidelines to give to the market ? I would say even a price range which would guarantee investments over the long term but which would not overwhelm consumer economies . " The other agreement signed Tuesday by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and his Emirati counterpart "  outlines a cooperation framework for the assessment and possible use of nuclear energy for peaceful ends , " WAM said .	French President Nicolas Sarkozy opens military base in United Arab Emirates Base can accommodate troops , jets and most of France 's navy ships France is ready to shoulder its responsibilities Iran previously said it was not pleased at the French presence
CNN  -- It may not be conclusive proof of climate change , but every couple of years brings another "  Ice Age " to air-conditioned multiplexes across the globe . Each of its predecessors made more money than the one that came before , so there 's an inevitability about this fourth venture -- "  Ice Age : Continental Drift " -- even if it bears telltale signs of creative exhaustion and , yes , drift . The franchise started out as a prehistoric , slapstick spin on the old John Ford western , "  Three Godfathers , " with a woolly mammoth , a sloth and a sabre-toothed tiger  Manny , Sid and Diego , voiced by Ray Romano , John Leguizamo and Denis Leary  delivering an orphaned human baby to safety . It has evolved -- or maybe "  devolved " -- into a scrappy string of antic adventures interspersed with sitcom-style character notes , all pegged to whatever novelty the writing team can contrive in place of a plot . In part three it was a subterranean dinosaur lair . In this episode , an unfortunate incident with an acorn at the earth 's core precipitates tectonic realignment . When the continents part ways , Manny and the guys are trapped on an iceberg heading out to sea with only Sid 's nutty grandmother  Wanda Sykes  for company . Manny 's quest to be reunited with wife Ellie  Queen Latifah  and teen daughter Peaches  Keke Palmer  is interrupted by a gang of scurvy pirates , led by a tricorn-headed orangutan , Captain Gutt  Peter Dinklage  . Whoever thought it was a good idea to spike this tired series with the defining component from a rival , equally over-extended franchise  not to mention the recent Aardman Animation pirate caper  , well , here 's a thought : maybe you could introduce a web-slinging spider-boy in the next one ? You know , just to keep things fresh ! The animation is dynamic and crisp , but the story just runs around in circles while we wait for the sky to fall down . Truth be told , it 's a kick that Twentieth Century Fox is distributing a movie about the dangers of climate change . "  Does n't it worry you that this is the end of the world ? " someone asks a particularly unintelligent couple of party-hearty mammals . Uh-uh , they respond . "  I guess we can tell you our secret ... We 're really , really stupid . " Like the equally stretched-to-the-breaking-point "  Shrek " series , "  Ice Age " has accumulated too many characters with too little to do , and all-star vocal stylings  "  Continental Drift " adds Jennifer Lopez , Drake , Nick Frost and even Joy Behar , to name a few  can only do so much by way of compensation . A bigger problem : the trio of reprobates at the center of proceedings have become so domesticated over the years , whatever mild comic edge they used to have has been dulled to a soft nub . The loner , Manny , is now a boringly over-bearing father . The aggressive Diego is just a big pussycat . Only pea-brained Sid has stayed true to type , which will please infants more than their parents .  For the record , everything I disliked about this movie -- the dumb teen mammoth romance subplot , the narwhal-propelled iceberg , and especially the irritating Sid -- were selected as personal highlights by my 7-year-old . As in the earlier films , the most enterprising comedy features the mute squirrel , Scrat , who 's Looney Tunes-inspired misadventures are almost always a welcome distraction -- even if we already saw too much of this material in teasers released last year . Better than any of this is the five-minute 3D Simpsons short  "  The Longest Daycare "  that precedes the feature . A starring vehicle for baby Maggie , this is sharp , witty visual slapstick that harks back to the silent era for inspiration . True to form , my kid hated it .	"  Ice Age : Continental Drift " is the fourth movie in the series Reviewer says the formula is getting stale Ray Romano , John Leguizamo and Denis Leary voice the main characters
CNN  -- Residents in Seattle , Washington , were shaken Tuesday afternoon by what sounded like explosions after two F-15s were dispatched in response to a report of a small plane that entered restricted airspace where President Barack Obama was campaigning for Sen. Patty Murray . The rumblings -- caused by sonic booms from the jets -- rattled buildings , windows and nerves in the Puget Sound region , according to CNN affiliate KIRO . Viewers of the affiliate from as far away as Tacoma -- about 40 miles south of Seattle -- reported hearing the booms . Dozens of residents called the city 's 911 system , causing it to shut down in some areas for about an hour due to the flood of calls , Ed Troyer , a spokesman for the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department told KIRO . "  Many house and car alarms have been set off that we will not be able to respond to , " Troyer told the affiliate . The jets were launched out of Portland , Oregon , and "  were on afterburners the whole time , " Allen Kenitzer of the Federal Aviation Administration told CNN . The plane in question -- identified by the FAA as a Cessna 180 -- left the temporarily restricted airspace before the jets intercepted it , said John Cornelio of the North American Aerospace Defense Command  NORAD  . The pilot of the plane later landed it near Lake Washington , Kenitzer said . The incident is under investigation . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Dozens of western Washington residents reported feeling the rumblings The jets were scrambled in response to a plane that entered restricted airspace President Barack Obama was in the region Tuesday The plane left the restricted airspace before it was intercepted
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Raw video of Michael Jackson 's last days is not covered by laws protecting journalists from court subpoenas , making it likely that Sony will have to let lawyers use its video in their defense of Dr. Conrad Murray , a judge said Thursday . Lawyers for Murray , who faces trial for involuntary manslaughter in the pop star 's death , argued that the unseen rehearsal video could show that Jackson was ill and physically weak . Prosecutors contend that Jackson died from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic that Murray gave him to induce sleep . Sony Pictures , which bought the video from Jackson 's estate , is fighting the subpoena from Murray 's lawyers for access to about 100 hours of video that was used to produce the "  This Is It " documentary , released several months after the singer 's June 25 , 2009 , death . The judge has given the prosecution permission to show clips from the movie to jurors during the trial , which is scheduled to start in September , but the defense wants to use video left on the cutting room floor . Since Sony was under a contractual obligation with the estate to not use anything that showed Jackson in "  a negative light , " the unused video may be helpful to the defense , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor said . The judge gave Sony a week to work out technical details with the defense for a way they can view the raw video without the risk of it leaking . Sony 's lawyer said the public release of the raw video could hurt the studio 's plans to use it in other productions , such as an anniversary edition of the documentary . "  If they become part of the public record as an exhibit , we have a whole different problem , " Sony attorney Gary Bostwick said . "  That would immediately become viral on TMZ or some other website . " Defense lawyers were ordered to narrow their subpoena request for the video , which Pastor called "  remarkably over-broad . " Michael Jackson hired video photographers to record his rehearsals as he prepared for his comeback concerts in London , scheduled for July 2009 . His estate later sold the video and documentary rights to Sony for about $ 80 million . Jackson was pronounced dead by an emergency room doctor at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that his death was caused by an overdose of propofol , a powerful surgical anesthetic , in combination with "  the contributory affects of the benzodiazepines . " Murray , who was hired as Jackson 's personal doctor in the months leading up to the concert , was later charged with involuntary manslaughter in his death . "  Michael is not with us today because of an utterly inept , incompetent , reckless doctor , the defendant Conrad Murray , " Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said in his final arguments at Murray 's preliminary hearing in January . Murray 's lawyers suggested that a frustrated and sleepless Jackson may have self-ingested the fatal dose while the doctor was out of his bedroom . The defense is hoping the raw video will show Jackson 's weakness and frustration as the concert dates neared .	Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyers want Sony to hand over all raw video of Jackson 's rehearsals The judge wants the defense to limit its "  remarkably over-broad " request Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial for Jackson 's death starts in September
CNN  -- Barring a steep drop in crude prices , U.S. motorists can expect to see gas prices exceeding $ 3 per gallon , if they are not seeing such prices already , according to a new survey of filling stations . The latest Lundberg Survey of cities in the continental United States was conducted Friday . It showed the national average price for a gallon of self-serve unleaded gasoline at $ 2.91 , an increase of 3.9 cents from the last survey two weeks earlier , survey publisher Trilby Lundberg said . "  It is once again crude oil at work , " Lundberg said . A resurgence in crude prices resulted in the price per barrel increasing nearly $ 8 per barrel . At $ 89 per barrel , crude is at a 25-month high . The rise in prices predicted by Lundberg is based on the necessity for gas retailers to reflect an increase in the wholesale price of gas at the pump . Profit margins on a gallon of gas for a retailer fell by about half in the last two weeks , Lundberg said . The retail margin for retail is less than six cents per gallon . Retailers will have to raise prices at the pump to make up for it . "  We may easily pay three dollars per gallon or more by Christmas , " Lundberg said . Gas prices in this survey were nearly 28 cents higher than in December a year ago . The Lundberg Survey sampled prices at about 2,500 gas stations . The highest average price in the continental United States was in Long Island , New York , at $ 3.21 per gallon . The lowest price was in Denver , Colorado , at $ 2.61 . Average per-gallon prices in other cities : Albuquerque , New Mexico : $ 2.75 Atlanta , Georgia : $ 2.84 Baltimore , Maryland : $ 2.90 Chicago , Illinois : $ 3.09 Miami , Florida : $ 2.96 Minneapolis , Minnesota : $ 3.03 Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : $ 3.02 Portland , Oregon : $ 2.99 San Francisco , California : $ 3.19	Gas prices increase by nearly four cents A gallon of gas is nearly 28 cents higher than last year Prices could reach $ 3 per gallon by Christmas , survey publisher says
CNN  -- In addition to his unforgettable work as a comedian and actor , Robin Williams leaves behind close friends and family who loved him -- and also a tribe of fellow artists who hope to follow in his footsteps . As Hollywood and fans mourned the loss of Williams , who committed suicide at his California home Monday , a younger generation of comedic actors expressed their admiration for the legendary performer . And , like the rest of us , they tried to make sense of it . In a poignant essay published in The Guardian , actor and comedian Russell Brand gave this assessment of Williams : "  Hidden behind his beard and kindness and compliments was a kind of awkwardness , like he was in the wrong context or element , a fallen bird on a hard floor . " Yet there was so much talent . "  Robin Williams was exciting to me because he seemed to be sat upon a geyser of comedy , " Brand wrote . "  Like he did n't manufacture it laboriously within but had only to open a valve and it would come bursting through in effervescent jets . He was plugged into the mains of comedy . " In some ways , Brand is the ideal person to write about Williams . The pair shared the willingness to shock and be unconventional in their stand-up work . But the British comic is not the only one benefiting from the trails Williams blazed . On Tuesday , all the late-night hosts -- Jimmy Fallon , Seth Meyers and Conan O'Brien -- took time to honor Williams and share their memories . All expressed their joy in watching him perform and their sadness that he succumbed to his demons . "  I think it 's particularly courageous for someone to be that generous of spirit in the face of that kind of depression , " O'Brien said . Chris Rock , who is known for his edgy , political humor , told ABC that Williams was "  one of the funniest guys I ever saw in my life . " "  I remember the first time I saw ` Mork & Mindy , ' " Rock said . "  And I know this sounds weird , it was like watching , it was the first time I saw an actual human being be as funny as Bugs Bunny . You know what I mean ? Like he was n't human in a sense . When they  cast  him as an alien it was perfect because he was so from another world . " Hollywood can be competitive , but Rock said Williams was warm and always supportive of his colleagues . "  I never heard that guy trash , you know , comedians sit around and trash each other all day , " Rock said . "  I never heard Robin Williams say anything remotely bad about any comedian . He has such a respect for the art form in general at all levels . " Like Williams , "  Let 's Make a Deal " host and comic Wayne Brady enjoys a career built on being the funny , approachable guy . Brady paid homage to the star who -- despite being an Academy Award winner -- took the time to do a duet with him on the improv show "  Whose Line Is It Anyway ? " "  Getting to work with him was a life high , " Brady tweeted . " "  U do n't get to meet the ppl you look up to very often , and I 'm glad to say he never disappointed . " Mindy Kaling , "  The Mindy Project " star who has made a career of exploring American culture , shared a special connection with Williams and his place in pop culture . "  I am named after a character from a Robin Williams TV show when my parents still lived in Africa , " she tweeted . "  He meant so much , to so many , so far away . " "  Girls " star and creator Lena Dunham tweeted that she had "  just  shared a moment of silence on the set for Robin Williams , a man who brought so much laughter , joy and healing to so many . " "  Moved reading so many reminiscences of Robin Williams , the multitude of things he represented to diverse people of different generations , " Dunham also tweeted . "  In an age of reality TV and TMZ it 's a reminder of what entertainment can do : make us laugh , cry , feel known . " Williams ' influence spread around the globe . Artists paid tribute to him at the Edinburgh festival , a major arts and cultural gathering held every summer in Scotland . American comic and satirist Will Franken told The Guardian that Williams mentored him . Franken said that upon finding out that his son had struck up a friendship with the legendary actor , Franken 's father , a Vietnam War veteran , "  made sure I conveyed to Robin how much his performance in ` Good Morning Vietnam ' meant to him . " "  In the short time I knew him , we used to share our experiences of those comedic demons of jealousy and envy , " Franken said . "  Over coffee one afternoon , he told me that we were lucky we got to do what we did for a living , because a lot of people just had to sit with their own craziness . But we got to show off our insanity on the stage and get it out there . "	Young comics share their admiration of Robin Williams The late-night TV hosts all pay tribute to late comedian Chris Rock said he never heard Williams say a harsh word about other comics
CNN  -- Imagine this : in your hot little hands you hold a blueprint for a luxury hotel in one of the most idyllic -- and tiny -- locations in the world . There 's just one problem -- there 's no space to build the thing . The answer ? Create a five-star yacht hotel . That 's exactly the thinking behind Gibraltar 's new $ 200 million Sunborn Yacht Hotel ; a permanently moored vessel which could spell the future of architecture in land scarce cities around the world . "  In Gibraltar there 's a huge demand for hotels , but how do you do it in such a small jurisdiction ? " Sunborn Gibraltar CEO , Brian Stevendale , told CNN . "  Unlike traditional building -- which involves trucks , cranes and a huge amount of disruption -- we have a ready built product that can be delivered to these prime areas . " Ship-shape The mammoth 142-meter superyacht will rest its anchor in Gibraltar 's Ocean Village Marina , located off the southern tip of Spain , with plans to open its doors to the public by the end of this year . Boasting 189 rooms , spa and gym , cocktail lounges , conference rooms , and even a ballroom , the luxury liner will be one of the grandest structures in the Mediterranean . At seven storeys tall , the vessel will dwarf nearby yachts in the marina , with rooms expected to cost between $ 300 and $ 3,000 per night . Plug in , tune out The whopping boat , originally built in Malaysia , will be attached to the dock via six superstrong hydraulic arms , each weighing eight tons . Guests will enter through an enclosed glass bridge and Stevendale says once on board "  they will feel no different to being in a five-star hotel on land . " "  It 's intriguing that something so large can literally just be plugged in to a port , " he added . "  We will have enormous power cables safely secured underground . " Small territory , big ambition Measuring just 6.8 square kilometres , the British territory of Gibraltar is a small state packing a big punch . Much like Monaco or Singapore , Gibraltar is a sunny tourist destination with a thriving economy -- yet lacks the space for urban development . That 's where the Sunborn Yacht Hotel comes in , with Stevendale saying it could pave the way for similar vessels across the world -- and even be used at temporary events such as the World Cup or Olympics . Coming to a city near you ? Gibraltar follows the company 's first yacht hotel -- the "  Sunborn Princess " -- which was moored at Naantali Spa Resort in Finland in 2002 . There are now plans to anchor similar floating hotels in London and Barcelona . But with each contract usually spanning 10 years , Stevendale says its unlikely the vessels will be doing much cruising once they 're in place . And if Sunborn is on the right track , the most successful boats could be those which never even set sail .	With land at a premium , property developers increasingly turn to floating hotels Introducing Gibraltar 's new $ 200 million Sunborn Yacht Hotel Five-star hotel a whopping seven storeys tall , boasting 189 rooms , luxury facilities Follows similar yacht hotel in Finland , with plans for vessels in London and Barcelona
CNN  -- What green gadgets are worth splashing out for ? Lucy Siegle , a British journalist specializing in ecological issues and trends , told CNN which eco gizmos get her seal of approval . Solar powered tents Solar tent : A great green gadget for occasionaly campers . Siegle : I 'm not big into camping but it 's a massive thing here in the UK . During the summer barely a weekend goes by without a festival of some sort . The only thing however that gets me through the frequently rain-sodden experience is the ingenuity of a solar powered tent  I love them  . Fit-PC2 : Small is beautiful Siegle : I 'm acutely aware of the specter of e-waste because I make films about fly tipping in beautiful parts of Wales and come face to face with mounds of dumped monitors and keyboards . We have an issue in the UK with the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment  WEEE  directive as there 's a lot of crime -- see as evidence how a consignment of e-waste was found in Brazil recently . It 's horrible . Anyway all this makes me technologically monogamous -- I keep my machine until the bitter end . However the bitter end is approaching for my Mac Book as half the keys have sprung off so I came across this . The Fit-PC 2.0 claiming to the world 's smallest fully functioning PC and also the greenest . 115mm x 101mm x 27 mm . That 's tiny ! I love dematerialization of these objects . It should be sustainable design realized . If the makers are to be trusted , it uses 90 per cent less energy than a standard desktop PC . It uses less energy than a low energy light bulb . The main board is lead free . View a gallery of the gadgets " Dyson Animal hand-held vacuum cleaner Siegle : I just got one of these , and have become quite the Stepford wife . Well , as far as crumbs are concerned - my house is a zero tolerance zone . Dyson is the most celebrated UK inventor , famous for the bagless vacuum cleaner . This offspring , the handheld , chargeable vac does some spectacular stuff . It ` spins dust and dirt out of the air ' using a motor that spins ten times faster than the engine of a Boeing 747 courtesy of digital switching  subject to 15 patents  . Another key factor is that this alternative motor does not cause those polluting carbon particles . All of this may sound rather energy hungry , but the new digital motor is 84 percent energy efficient . The reason I 've listed it here is because it has huge potential in all sorts of applications and is a physical embodiment of Dyson 's insistence that ` bigger motors do n't always equal better performance ' . Savaplug Siegle : This is a retro inclusion  odd for a gadget list I know  . I 'm into the idea of Dynamic Demand -- regulating flow of power to our homes to even out and to make the grid more efficient  in the UK two thirds of power , mostly produced by coal fired power stations is lost before it gets to our homes  . The Savaplug regulates flow on a microscale when you plug in an old style fridge . I do n't need mine any more -- I have a new style , energy efficient fridge these days but keep it just in case I find someone who does n't . Ikea Sunnan solar powered desk lamp Lucy Siegle : Very simple , but actually very effective . I was sent this as a promotion . When you buy one , another is given free to kids in the developing world who have to study at night . A slightly mawkish , marketing stunt , but one that still appeals . I was amazed how it charged up in my kitchen , without me having to do anything . It was ready when my two year old nephew came to stay , fell out of his bed  I 've subsequently got a bed guard for him  and needed the light on . The Sunnan has a warm , comforting glow . Riversimple hydrogen powered car Lucy Siegle : I recently made a film about hydrogen fuel cells and how a British scientist , Dr Tom Bacon developed fuel cells for the Apollo 11 command center . Nixon  okay , not a president known for his probity  told Bacon that there would have been no mission without Bacon and his fuel cells . Anyway , it made me consider this technology more seriously . At Cranfield University  there are other partners too  they are perfecting a hydrogen fuel cell car . If it was funded like electric -- an easier option for the automotive industry -- it would have taken off by now  to pun from the Apollo connection  . Hugo Spowers who is masterminding the project is an ethical visionary . He used to work in Formula One racing -- hardly known for its ethical outlook -- then did a Schumacher course at Dartington , famed for its deep green economics . He also has an MBA from Cranfield and is running this project as a shared commons program . Extraordinarily enlightened . The batteries are being recharged in China currently having been tested into submission , but when they come back I 'm hoping for a test drive .	Eco journalist Lucy Siegle gives CNN her top practical green gadgets Solar tent , world 's smallest and greenest PC included in the list Simple gadgets also on the list including energy efficient plug and solar lamp
CNN  -- The King is dead -- or so they say , even though his original crypt is empty . And one person could soon own the place that served as Elvis Presley 's first , but not final , resting place , by being the highest bidder . Starting the middle of next month , Julien 's Auctions of Beverly Hills , California , will conduct the sale of the crypt , which is part of a large granite and marble mausoleum at Forest Hill Cemetery in Memphis , Tennessee . This is no fleeting prize : The winner or their loved one can be interred for all of eternity exactly where Presley and his mother were for about two months . Unless conspiracy theorists are to be believed -- in which case a 77-year-old Presley may be still snacking on peanut butter , banana and bacon sandwiches on some secluded isle -- the late legendary singer is currently buried in the meditation garden at Graceland , his Memphis estate . Presley purchased that home and its 14 acres in 1957 , a few years after his career had taken off . In his career , he sold more than a billion records , starred in 33 films , captured 14 Grammy nominations and earned the moniker "  The King of Rock 'n' Roll , " not to mention the adoration of hundreds of thousands of rabid fans , according to his official biography . It was in a bathroom of his Graceland mansion that Presley was found dead August 16 , 1977 , due to what authorities said was an irregular heartbeat . But after 200 friends and relatives attended his funeral there two days later , he had to leave -- his body was moved about five miles south to Forest Hill Cemetery . His father , Vernon , wanted to bury Elvis at Graceland , but needed time for the state of Tennessee to grant permission to bury a person on private grounds , according to the Julien 's Auctions website . Until then , the late singer was put in the crypt at the Memphis cemetery , soon joined by his mother -- Vernon 's widow , Gladys Presley -- who also was disinterred and put in the same mausoleum vault . The bodies of both son and mother were moved within two months to Graceland , where visitors pay their respects to them to this day . As to Elvis 's original crypt , it has remained empty since the King left the mausoleum , marked by a statue commemorating his weeks there . The lot up for auction includes Presley 's original crypt , the chance to open and close the vault and crypt for burial , an inscription and the use of a small , abutting chapel for a committal service , Julien 's Auctions notes . Those wishing to purchase this eternal piece of music history ca n't come empty-handed : Bids start at $ 100,000 .	Elvis Presley was found dead in his Graceland mansion in August 1977 He was first interred at a crypt in a Memphis cemetery , with his late mother Two months later , both were disinterred and buried on Graceland 's grounds His original crypt at Forest Hill Cemetery is now being auctioned off
CNN  -- A police chase through central Dallas , Texas , ended on the runways of Love Field after a man driving a stolen pickup truck crashed through the airport 's gates Thursday afternoon , officials said . Police had tried to stop the truck on a nearby street after they realized it was taken during an aggravated robbery in Fort Worth , Texas , on Wednesday , Dallas police said in a statement . The driver refused to stop and the chase began shortly after 2:30 p.m. . The man drove the silver Chevrolet through an airport gate and down one runway , drove across the taxiway to another and back in the opposite direction . "  Air traffic was suspended on that runway , however there were several plane -LSB- s -RSB- at the opposite end of the runway that the suspect began driving towards , " the statement said . "  Supervisors monitoring the pursuit made the decision to terminate the pursuit by whatever means necessary so as to preserve the safety of the occupants of the planes . Officers were able to strike the suspect vehicle with their police car , causing it to spin out and ultimately come to a stop . The suspect was taken into custody shortly after that . " A knife believed to have been used in the Fort Worth robbery was recovered in the truck , police said . The suspect was identified as Michael Laurence Brown , 46 . Police said the suspect may be linked to other crimes . Charges in the airport incident will follow an initial investigation , police said . "  Although all major incidents such as this are reviewed to ensure all proper procedures were followed , it appears all the officers involved did an outstanding job to bring a dangerous pursuit to a safe end while getting a violent criminal off the streets , " according to the police statement . Four commercial carriers and several general aviation companies use the airport , located just north of downtown Dallas . The chase shut down operations for about 10 minutes , forcing one arriving aircraft to delay its landing and holding departing planes on the ground , FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said .	NEW : Police were worried suspect would try to drive into planes Man crashes airport gates in Texas car chase Chase shut down Love Field for about 10 minutes
CNN  -- A one-time American-based Islamic group can not sue the government over claims it was targeted by the government 's once-secret Terrorist Surveillance Program , a federal court has ruled . The San Francisco-based 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals on Tuesday unanimously tossed out a lawsuit by the now-closed Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation . The federal government had listed the Ashland , Oregon , chapter as a supporter of terrorism in 2004 . The group sued , saying its private overseas communications were unconstitutionally being monitored under the Bush administration 's warrantless wiretap program . That spy program was unveiled in a 2005 New York Times article that said government officials were working with private telecom companies to secretly monitor telephone and e-mail traffic of targeted individuals and groups , both domestic and international . Federal officials later publicly acknowledged the existence of the program , which was then officially authorized by Congress in 2008 . "  This case effectively brings to an end the plaintiffs ' ongoing attempts to hold the Executive Branch responsible for intercepting telephone conversations without judicial authorization , " said the appeals court . The decision overturns a federal judge 's earlier award of more than $ 2.5 million to attorneys working for Al-Haramain . At issue was whether the federal government was liable from such suits . The Bush administration in 2008 had separately granted the telecom companies "  retroactive immunity " from any lawsuits . The appeals court said Congress had never waived immunity for government officials over alleged state eavesdropping , even if constitutional rights were violated as a result of improper government conduct . "  Al-Haramain can bring a suit for damages against the United States for use of the collected information , but can not bring suit against the government for collection of the information itself , " the court concluded . "  Although such a structure may seem anomalous and even unfair , the policy judgment is one for Congress , not the courts . " The Islamic foundation said two of its U.S.-based lawyers had their telephone conversations with clients in Saudi Arabia secretly monitored , without a judge 's prior approval . Lawyers for the group said they were in a Catch-22 , unable to prove the government used the information from the wiretaps against Al-Haramain , after the government cited national security and state secrets . While ruling for the government , the appeals court sharply criticized Justice Department lawyers who had claimed in court papers the plaintiffs were engaged in "  game-playing " by continuing their lawsuit for years . "  In light of the complex , ever-evolving nature of this litigation , and considering the significant infringement on individual liberties that would occur if the Executive Branch were to disregard congressionally-mandated procedures for obtaining judicial authorization of international wiretaps , the charge of ` game-playing ' lobbed by the government is as careless as it is inaccurate , " said Judge Margaret McKeown , writing on behalf of her two colleagues . The case is al-Haramain Islamic Foundation v. Obama  No. 11-15468  .	Al-Haramain said its overseas communications were illegally monitored Court said Congress never waived immunity for government officials Justice Department was sharply criticized by appeals court
As President Barack Obama channels his inner salesman to pitch military action in Syria , he should n't be surprised when he finds a number of congressional doors already closed . One common refrain from those who plan to vote against the resolution to authorize military action in Syria is they simply ca n't support a proposal that their constituents vociferously oppose . "  Both in terms of the percentage opposed -- I would have to say it is by far the single biggest issue we have seen , " said Rep. Steve Daines , a Republican from Montana . Daines represents all of Montana -- he is an "  at large " member -- and he said that during the August recess he put 3,000 miles on his truck , crisscrossing the state and attending events that put him in close conversations with his constituents . At coffee hours , town halls , and meet and greets all over the state , Daines found that the sentiment was overwhelming : "  I am hearing from the people of Montana . They are telling me we should not be involved . " "  It is called the people 's house for a reason , " Daines concluded . "  We are here to express the voice of the people . This is an example of where Congress , hopefully , will express the will of the American people . " The number of "  no " votes in Congress continues to grow , while lawmakers planning to vote "  yes " are becoming an even smaller minority , according to CNN 's latest vote count . There are currently 148 House members prepared to vote against Obama 's call for military action -- with 30 Democrats joining 118 Republicans in their opposition . That overall number of "  no " votes has grown from 109 on Friday . In order to win passage of the authorization , Obama will have to persuade 270 members to vote "  yes " -- a heavy lift , considering there are currently only 25 members who say they plan to vote "  yes " on military action , 17 Democrats and eight Republicans . The number of "  yes " votes has only increased by two since Friday . A CNN/ORC International poll released Monday shows that even though eight in 10 Americans believe that Bashar al-Assad 's regime gassed its own people , a strong majority do n't want Congress to pass a resolution authorizing a military strike against it . Since Obama unexpectedly asked Congress in August to authorize military action in Syria , polls have found that Americans are opposed to such action . The Senate has been more receptive than the House to Obama 's authorization request . There are currently 25 "  yes " and 23 "  no " votes in the Senate , with a significant 52 senators undecided . But the trend favors the "  no " votes -- with a handful of moderate Democrats in the last three days coming out against the proposal . "  After doing my due diligence , I believe we need an alternative path forward in dealing with the Assad regime , " said Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota in a statement . "  We must balance the legitimate concerns that Americans have about the use of military force with our strategic interests . " Other Democratic senators echoed Heitkamp : Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Mark Begich of Alaska . Pryor issued a statement Saturday saying Obama and his national security team had not yet made an effective case for taking action against al-Assad 's regime and laying out the criteria that had to be met in order for him to support military action in Syria . "  Based on the information presented to me and the evidence I have gathered , I do not believe these criteria have been met , " Pryor said . Begich told people on a telephone town hall last week that he was a "  probable no " on Syrian authorization . "  This has probably been the No. 1 issue , especially in the last week , that Alaskans have been contacting my office , as well as when I was back home for the last month , " Begich said . Because of the possibility of a filibuster , Obama and supporters need 60 votes in the Senate to win passage . Despite the vocal opposition and light support , majorities in both the House and Senate remain undecided on the proposal , and the White House is putting on the hard sell to court those possible "  yes " votes . The Senate is expected to take up the resolution after returning from its month-long summer recess Monday . White House officials will travel to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to try to make their case with lawmakers , hours before Obama addresses the nation in a prime-time speech .	Lawmakes who plan to vote against military action say their constituents oppose it The number of those who plan to vote "  no " grew significantly over the weekend Obama will take his pitch to Capitol Hill on Tuesday to try to find more "  yes " votes
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's new government has converted its deposed king 's opulent palace into a museum and unfurled the national flag on Sunday as a symbolic move to signify the end of monarchy . The Narayanthi Royal Palace has been converted into a museum . "  The national flag is fluttering in the hands of the people in the royal palace now , " said Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala at a ceremony at the former palace Sunday . Ex-King Gyanendra , 60 , left Narayanhiti Royal Palace on Wednesday . He will live as a civilian in a summer palace on a forested hilltop outside the capital . Gyanendra 's departure came following the declaration of the former Himalayan kingdom as a republic last month . The monarchy 's end after 239 years of rule was the culmination of a two-year peace process in which Maoist insurgents in Nepal gave up their armed struggle , joined mainstream politics and won the most seats in April 's election for the Constituent Assembly . The assembly is tasked with rewriting the constitution , deciding the country 's future political system and governing the nation . Gyanendra came to power in 2001 when his brother , King Birendra , and his family were massacred in the palace by the crown prince , who later shot himself . Gyanendra last week denied rumors that he had played a role in that event .	Nepal 's new government converts deposed king 's palace into museum National flag unfurled over building in symbolic end to monarchy Himalayan kingdom was declared a republic last month
CNN  -- Everything you know about the world of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's most famous character has changed . Thomas Dekker , Lena Headey and Summer Glau star in "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles . " In the season finale of "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , " John Connor , the boy destined to lead humanity 's battle against Armageddon , gets jolted into the future -- the one he was supposed to lead . But here , he has no identity . No one has heard of him . In this new future , he 'll be fighting alongside his father , his uncle and a girl who looks just like the robot he came into the future to save . None of them has any idea who he is . Confused ? Do n't be . It was a daring , surprising , brilliant cliffhanger for a show that 's gained a loyal following , particularly among people like me who are in awe of it . It also opens the door to anyone who has n't discovered this show yet , allowing for a fresh start . Unfortunately , it may be too late . For fans , the big question is whether the "  Chronicles " will be back , or canceled for inadequate ratings . We find out in a couple of weeks when Fox announces its schedule . The speculation online does n't look good . Ending on this Season 2 cliffhanger would be a shame . When Fox picked up this "  Terminator , " it took on one of the most successful sci-fi franchises in modern entertainment history . It courted "  Terminator " fans , as well as people like me who never gave much thought to the movies but appreciate deep , high-quality TV storytelling . Ending on this "  what happens now " cliffhanger would leave a gaping hole in the franchise 's history . But of bigger concern , of course , is that "  The Sarah Connor Chronicles " is just really good TV -- the kind that you want to believe can last . And that 's thanks to Josh Friedman , the inspired executive producer . For him , "  Terminator " is n't about special effects and metal monsters . It 's a family drama ; a mother and son entrusted with a huge secret and the responsibility to change the future , no matter what the cost . Without clobbering you with messages , Friedman gets you thinking -- about people whose secret struggles you ca n't know , about living with trauma and moving forward , about the strength and fragility of teenagers , and about the otherwise impossible things parents manage to do to protect their children . Sarah is parental adrenaline personified . It 's also a show about cancer . We know Sarah can successfully battle robots , evil people and well-meaning authorities who want her locked up . But will cancer ultimately do her in ? Friedman has talked about the show serving as a catharsis for his own real-life battle against cancer . Fans ca n't wait to find out what happens with Sarah  Lena Headey  in the new reality . Did she follow her son into the future ? If not , what happened to her ? Friedman might be the best storyteller on TV right now . He packs episodes with twists you do n't see coming but make sense in retrospect . He changes up his style , drops lead characters for entire episodes , uses biblical references left and right and delivers dialogue that 's simultaneously believable and eloquent . He lets major characters die . And the show 's directors coax subtle , nuanced performances from the actors . You would n't guess any of this from Fox 's promotions , which have focused too heavily on Cameron  Summer Glau  , the robot who helps protect John Connor  Thomas Dekker  , sending the signal that it 's a show just for teenage fanboys . Cameron and John 's relationship is actually a very clever exploration of something adults quickly recognize : the teenage boy with the mysterious girl who seems to have his best interest at heart but might be the most dangerous thing in his life . It 's in some ways the reverse of "  Buffy . " Speaking of which , Fox may have done better promoting "  Chronicles " as a family drama and then pairing it with one , rather than "  Dollhouse , " the latest from "  Buffy " creator Joss Whedon .  Insider question for fans : Is Josh Friedman the new Joss Whedon ? Weigh in here or here . It 's also not clear how , or if , the new movie "  Terminator : Salvation " affects the show 's chances of survival -- though strictly in terms of storylines , there 's apparently no overlap and no conflict . The weekly adventures of Sarah and John Connor just are n't done . There 's too much unanswered , too much left to explore . So here 's my pitch to network heads : You can still change the future . Do n't terminate these "  Chronicles " before their time . What are your thoughts ? Think Josh is right -- or misguided ? Weigh in at Facebook or Twitter .	Future of "  Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles " is up in the air CNN 's Josh Levs believes show is one of best on TV and is taking interesting turns Levs : Fox has misplaced promotion , which should be focusing on mother-son bond
CNN  An ancient ring has shed new light on the ties between Vikings and the Islamic world , more than a century after its discovery . The finger ring found in a 9th century Swedish grave is inscribed with Arabic Kufic writing . The letters appear to read "  AL_LLH , researchers say , which they interpret as meaning "  for/to  the approval of  Allah . " In a paper published in the journal Scanning , the researchers say it is the only ring with an Arabic inscription ever found at a Scandinavian archaeological site . The object was originally discovered during a late 19th century grave excavation in the town of Birka , on Bjrk island , about 19 miles  30 kilometers  from Stockholm . Birka was a key trading center during the Viking age and made a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1993 . The ring is part of the Swedish History Museum 's collection , originally cataloged as being made of gilded silver and violet amethyst , bearing the inscription "  Allah . " Researchers led by Stockholm University biophysicist Sebastian Wrmlnder say they used "  scanning electron microscopy  SEM  with energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy  EDS  to analyze the ring 's composition and found that it was in fact made of silver alloy and the "  amethyst " was colored glass . "  For the stone , we must remember that even though colored glass might today be perceived as a ` fake ' material of lower value , this was not necessarily so in the past , " the team cautioned . "  Even though glass production began around 5,000 years ago in the Levant it was still an exotic material in Viking Age Scandinavia . " More significantly , the researchers found no trace of the gold that had been assumed to coat the ring and noted the presence of filing marks . "  Together with the absence of gold on the metal surface ... the file marks clearly show that the previous description of the ring as gilded was mistaken : if the surface had been gilt and the gold layer had worn away , also the file markings would be gone . But the metal surface displays no wear , and as the original file marks are still in place , this ring has never been much used . " The team , therefore , believes the ring was passed from an Arabic silversmith to the woman , with few or any other owners in between . While imported coins were also found in the grave -- many from Afghanistan -- they were "  usually worn and torn ... from passing many hands along the established trade routes " researchers said . The owner of the ring was found wearing traditional Scandinavian clothing , but the researchers said it was impossible to determine her ethnicity due to the decomposed state of the bones in the grave . "  It is not impossible that the woman herself , or someone close to her , might have visited -- or even originate from -- the Caliphate  which then stretched from Tunisia to the borders of India  or its surrounding regions , " they said . While travel between the Islamic caliphate and the Viking world was recorded in ancient texts , tales of such journeys often included references to "  giants and dragons " making it hard to tell fact from fiction , the researchers said . "  The importance of the studied Birka ring is that it most eloquently corroborates ancient tales about direct contacts between Viking Age Scandinavia and the Islamic world . Such contacts must have facilitated exchange of goods , culture , ideas , and news much more efficiently than indirect trade involving several merchants in-between , " they concluded . Modern relationship This new evidence of ancient ties between the Vikings and the caliphate comes at a time when Sweden 's relationship with the modern Islamic world seems to be problematic . The country 's foreign minister , Margot Wallstrom , has recently come under scrutiny after criticizing human rights in Saudi Arabia . In January , she tweeted that the flogging of blogger Raif Badawi was "  a cruel attempt to silence modern forms of expression , " which needed to be stopped . Saudi Arabia blocked Wallstrom from giving a speech to the Arab League in Cairo on March 9 , in which she planned to refer to human rights and the rights of women . Sweden subsequently announced that it would not renew its memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia on military cooperation -- and in turn Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates withdrew their ambassadors to Sweden . The United Arab Emirates said it had summoned Sweden 's ambassador to protest "  the abusive remarks by the Foreign Minister of Sweden , Margot Wallstrom , against Saudi Arabia . "	Swedish researchers have used scanning to examine a ring found in a Viking grave The ring carries an Arabic inscription thought to be "  for/to  the approval of  Allah , they say Their analysis suggests the ring was little worn , meaning trade ties could have been close
CNN  -- In 2009 , when Meb Keflezighi won the New York City Marathon , The New York Times noted that he was attacked in the media and online for being "  not really an American runner . " Although the runner emigrated to the United States as a 12-year-old and has called America home ever since , Darren Rovell , then of CNBC , called the "  headline " that an American had won the race "  empty , " and compared Keflezighi to "  a ringer who you hire to work a couple hours at your office so that you can win the executive softball league . "  Rovell later apologized for his comments . Now , winning the Boston Marathon a year after the bombing , a race longing for nationalist pride , Keflezighi 's victory was greeted with onlookers erupting in chants of "  U.S.A. ! U.S.A. ! U.S.A. ! " It was a wonderful moment . In its coverage of this year 's race , the Boston Globe website said : "  Keflezighi is first American to win men 's race since 1983 . " The story on Keflezighi does n't even note that he was born in Eritrea . A year later , runners ` take back that finish line ! ' A year ago , the finish line of the Boston Marathon was blown up , allegedly by two brothers , Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev . A Boston Globe story on the Tsarnaev brothers , written a day after their identity was learned , notes in the first paragraph that both are "  from Cambridge " but just two paragraphs later , highlights their foreignness -- "  ethnic Chechens , born in the former Soviet territory now known as Kyrgyzstan and transplanted to a working-class Inman Square neighborhood . " Keflezighi and the Tsarnaevs : Which of them is more American ? Because it turns out that while the geography of our nation is fixed , our identity is treated as malleable -- and , especially for immigrants and people of color , revocable . What makes someone an American ? It 's a profoundly complicated and rich question for us , our identity having been forged out of many strands -- some willingly incorporated , others against their will , over generations and generations . But what seems to emerge from the Keflezighi/Tsarnaev example is the ephemeral nature of American identity . After all , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a naturalized American citizen and his brother had a green card and reportedly hoped to naturalize . Keflezighi is also a naturalized citizen of the United States . On paper , at least , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Meb Keflezighi are the same as far as citizenship goes . But not in terms of fitting the popular conception of what is "  an American . " When the Tsarnaevs were identified , the Washington Post wrote : "  With their baseball hats and sauntering gaits , they appeared to friends and neighbors like ordinary American boys . But the Boston bombing suspects were refugees from another world -- the blood , rubble and dirty wars of the Russian Caucasus , " hinting at the idea that the Tsarnaevs resembled dangerous wolflike immigrants in sheepish American clothing . In a similar vein , although immigration reform advocates call our nation 's 11 million undocumented immigrants "  aspiring Americans , " conservative opponents label these moms and dads and children "  criminals " who "  broke the law . " Immigrants who grew up in the United States , who work day in and day out to contribute to our economy and our communities , are denied their essential American-ness . And worse . Called illegal "  aliens . " "  Cockroaches . " Not only not American , but rendered as animals . The message is clear . Although America the place was forged as a safe harbor for diverse peoples from difficult backgrounds , America the identity is often treated as a ranking , a way of separating the good from the bad , the deserving from the less-than . Who gets to be in which group often eerily tracks according to skin color . It 's a practice that stands in direct violation of the values that make our nation great . When people commit heinous acts , we try to distance ourselves from them , physically and emotionally . If we believe those acts were carried out by people who are nothing like us , not people like our friends and neighbors but "  others , " it 's a psychological attempt at self-protection . That 's human . But our culture teaches us to maintain our distance with nationalism , and especially racialized nationalism . In America , we make people we do n't like the "  other , " especially people who commit evil . But some groups of people are more readily dismissed than others . I 'm not saying we should embrace the Tsarnaev brothers as examples of patriotic Americans . Of course not . But to deny their American-ness not only rejects our core values but perpetuates a dangerous blind spot about the realities of home-grown terrorism . According to a study by the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism , right-wing American terrorists -- most of whom were white Christian males -- perpetrated 145 ideologically motivated homicides between 1990 and 2010 . During the same period , "  al Qaeda affiliates , al Qaeda-inspired extremists , and secular Arab nationalists " committed 27 homicides in the United States , "  involving 16 perpetrators or groups of perpetrators . " Still , in the moments after news broke this month of yet another shooting at Fort Hood in Texas , before any details were known , conservative filmmaker and Breitbart.com contributor Pat Dollard tweeted , "  If there is even one more act of Muslim terrorism , it is then time for Americans to start slaughtering Muslims in the street , all of them . " The 2014 Fort Hood shooter was an American  and not of the Muslim faith  -- though news reports routinely noted he was from Puerto Rico . Imagine someone making a remark like Dollard 's about conservative Christians or Christians in general . In the wake of the Oklahoma City bombings , Timothy McVeigh was called many things . But was his American identity stripped away ? To the contrary , an autobiography about McVeigh is called "  The All-American Monster . " For people of color and immigrants in the United States , the grasp on American identity can be tenuous and temporary . Consider the black man whose citizenship and American-ness were routinely questioned even after he was elected president of the United States of America . Meb Keflezighi 's victory in the Boston Marathon conjured up a sense of national belonging to which all parts of America should be entitled -- in our moments of victory , and our moments of defeat or worse . Rep. Paul Ryan once said , "  America is more than just a place . America is an idea . " Yes , and that idea -- that identity -- must never be allowed to flicker with discrimination or hate .	Sally Kohn : Boston Marathon winner was rightly described as "  an American " Kohn : Often the term "  American " is used to show approval , and withheld to marginalize people Kohn : People of color and immigrants are particularly likely to be stripped of American label Being American is not revocable and not conditional , she says
CNN  -- Days after the U.S. government announced upcoming trials for an H1N1 flu vaccine , Saint Louis University has been inundated with phone calls and e-mails from people volunteering for the study . Concern about the H1N1 virus grew after it spread quickly around the globe earlier this year . The university 's Center for Vaccine Development has received more than 500 responses from potential volunteers since Wednesday , when the National Institutes of Health  NIH  announced human trials for a swine flu vaccine would begin in early August . "  This response has been exceptionally strong , " Nancy Solomon , a spokeswoman for the university 's medical center , told CNN Radio . "  We have n't had that strong of a response to our call for volunteers since we conducted our small pox vaccine research after September 11 . " Thousands of Americans are currently being recruited for swine flu vaccine testing at several research centers across the country , including Saint Louis University 's Center for Vaccine Development . "  The federal government comes to us when they need a quick response to test the safety and efficacy of vaccines , " Solomon said . Other trial sites include the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore ; Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas ; Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center ; Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia ; Group Health Cooperative in Seattle , Washington ; The University of Iowa in Iowa City ; and Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee . They will be joined by Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri ; Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina ; and IPS Research in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . Most of the human trials are being funded by the National Institutes of Health . In an effort to deliver the vaccine to those who will need it most by October , the clinical trials will enroll as many as 1,000 adults and children , according to officials at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , a division of the NIH , which will lead the effort . The trials will measure the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine . The research is a first step toward U.S. health officials ' goal of developing a safe and effective vaccine against H1N1 , also known as swine flu , which has been declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization . After careful screening , volunteers will be inoculated and asked to keep a diary on how they feel . After eight days their blood will be checked . After 21 days they will receive another dose , followed again by diary logs and blood tests . Patients will be monitored two months for safety issues , followed by a four-month and six-month checkup . "  The purpose of these trials is always to make sure they are safe , " said Dr. Karen Kotloff , professor of pediatrics and lead investigator and researcher at Maryland 's Center for Vaccine Development . "  But even after six weeks , if things look good , we 're pretty sure the vaccine will work . " At last count , the CDC said there are 43,771 H1N1 reported cases in the U.S. , along with 302 deaths that have been linked to the illness . In a normal flu season , about 36,000 Americans die from influenza and related complications . Models predict the 2009 H1N1 flu will peak in October , with many cases being diagnosed in September , according to Dr. Robert Belshe , director of Saint Louis University 's Center for Vaccine Development . "  We 'll be in the midst of it before we know it , " Belshe said . Swine flu could sicken one in five people this fall , and Belshe said he worries that the number of serious health complications and deaths as a result of the H1N1 virus could soar . "  It 's looking more and more like we 're going to have a big flu outbreak this fall as soon as the kids get back to school , " Belshe told CNN Radio . "  Influenza is unpredictable , but I believe this pandemic will hit pre-teens , teens and their parents hard , and as many as 60 million Americans could be sick with the flu . It 's critical that we find a way to protect people from this disease . " CNN Radio 's Barbara Hall contributed to this report	Saint Louis University has received more than 500 responses since Wednesday Thousands of Americans being recruited for trials in dozen of sites across nation Patients will be asked to keep progress while they are monitored for two months Doctor says virus could sicken one in five people this fall and peak in October
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton wants Americans to believe that she made difficult decisions as secretary of state . That 's the premise of her new book , "  Hard Choices . " Somehow , I suspect that if Clinton had a do-over for this week 's CNN town hall , she might choose not to field a hard question from Francisco Gonzalez . A professor at the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University , Gonzales asked America 's former top diplomat about President Obama 's record of removing the undocumented and splitting up families with such efficiency that , as Gonzales noted , many Hispanics call Obama the "  deporter in chief . " He asked what Clinton would do differently . The likely 2016 presidential candidate started by declaring her support for "  comprehensive immigration reform " because undocumented immigrants who are "  raising families and working hard and contributing to our country deserve a path to citizenship . " So far , so good . She went on : "  I also think that we have to understand the difficulty that President Obama finds himself in because there are laws that impose certain obligations on him . " Clinton does n't seem to understand how much discretion the executive branch has -- in immigration enforcement -- to set policy , shape priorities , and decide who stays or goes . After arguing with immigration reform advocates from 2009 to 2011 that he was powerless to stop deportations , Obama himself -- in a gesture intended to woo Hispanic voters during the 2012 election -- flexed his executive power when he announced a change in policy by the Department of Homeland Security that allowed some young undocumented immigrants to avoid deportations and obtain work permits . Under Obama , DHS imposed quotas for apprehensions , The Washington Post reported , and roped local police officers into enforcing immigration laws as a force multiplier . The executive branch was n't some spectator to the deportation juggernaut ; it was the driving force . Should n't a former member of the Cabinet know this ? Clinton also said that it was her understanding that "  the numbers have been moderating in part as the Department of Homeland Security and other law enforcement officials understood that separating children from families -- I mean , the horror of a father or a mother going to work and being picked up and immediately whisked away and children coming home from school to an empty house and nobody can say where their mother or father is -- that is just not who we are as Americans . " Apparently , Clinton does n't know many immigration lawyers . The dozen or so that I know -- who give me updates about their battles to stop clients from being deported -- would not agree that the numbers of deportations are "  moderating . " There are still just under 400,000 per year . Wrapping up her answer , she went on to say : "  We need to show humanity with respect to people who are working , contributing right now . And deporting them , leaving their children alone or deporting an adolescent , doing anything that is so contrary to our core values , just makes no sense . " Yet , as secretary of state , Clinton sat at the Cabinet table for four years alongside Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano -- who went before Congress to brag about the number of deportations and promise to raise it . And she did n't say anything then ? You know , in defense of humanity ? Right about then , Clinton strayed off message . When CNN 's Christiane Amanpour asked her what she would do about the tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors from Central America who are coming across the U.S.-Mexico border , Clinton at first tried to duck the question by talking about everything from violence in Central America to the need to provide emergency care to children who cross the border . Fortunately , Amanpour pursued an answer . After asking the question -- whether these children should stay or be sent back home -- four different times , she finally got one . "  Well , " Clinton said , "  they should be sent back as soon as it can be determined who responsible adults in their families are , because there are concerns whether all of them should be sent back . But I think all of them who can be should be reunited with their families . " It 's not that simple . According to media reports , many of these young people came to the United States to be reunited with parents and other family members . What do we do with them ? Separate more families ? Did n't Clinton herself just say that this approach "  makes no sense " ? Finally , having painted herself into a corner , she took a hard line . Opinion : Does Hillary Clinton have to be so boring ? "  We have to send a clear message : Just because your child gets across the border , that does n't mean the child gets to stay , " she said . "  So , we do n't want to send a message that is contrary to our laws or will encourage more children to make that dangerous journey . " What world is Clinton living in ? When a child crosses the border , of course he or she gets to stay . That has long been the unspoken policy of U.S. immigration officials , under administrations in both parties . They ca n't just send these minors back across the border to be abused , assaulted , or worse . Instead , they 're locked up for a couple of days and then released with a notice to appear before an immigration judge , which most of them ignore . As for encouraging more people to come , that is precisely what conservatives predict will happen if we ever pass the kind of comprehensive immigration reform that Clinton claims to support . Is this her roundabout way of saying she agrees with them ? We already knew that Obama had flunked immigration . Clinton 's comments this week suggest that she finds the subject just as challenging .	Ruben Navarrette says Hillary Clinton does n't seem to understand immigration issues He says her answer at CNN Town Hall started out OK but strayed off message As former Cabinet member , she should know executive branch power , he says Navarrette : Clinton said she 's sympathetic to immigrant families , but then took hard line
CNN  -- Taliban advances in Pakistan are raising concerns in Islamabad and capitals as far away as Washington . CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson looks at how the Taliban spread and what could be done to help Pakistan . Students in burqas in Buner district How is the Taliban extending its influence in Pakistan ? It has extended its influence considerably over the last few years moving northwards along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , from South Waziristan to North Waziristan to Bajur and across now to Swat and Buner . But the Taliban has also extended its influence because it is now involved with several Punjab terrorist groups that have affiliated themselves with the border Taliban and have helped commit some attacks such as one on a police station in Lahore . The Pakistan government has been cutting deals with the different elements that were Taliban or became Taliban since 2004-2005 . Those deals have enabled the Taliban to extend themselves . Is Pakistan going to fall or fail ? The overall answer to that is no . But the Taliban is further destabilizing an incredibly unstable situation . There is a weak government that faces challenges , not only from the Taliban but also from almost every political party in the country . It faces challenges from across the border with its old enemy India , which means a large percentage of the Pakistan army is tied up on that border rather than fighting terrorism . The Taliban is not going to take Islamabad , but its attacks and advances are going to weaken an already unstable government and make an already dangerous situation even more volatile ... and that will mean the Taliban will be able to wield more influence in the future than they do today . What options are open to the Pakistan government and other countries ? Pakistan could form a broad-based government of national unity and appeal for more international support in terms of encouraging financial aid and having trade restrictions lifted so they can improve the economy . The international community could help Pakistan resolve issues with India . It would help the economy and help the government focus on its own internal problems and better influence the situation in Afghanistan . What the Pakistan government would also need to do is convince its people that outside support and help is in their best interests to deal with terrorism and stabilize the country . To do that the government would also have to win the support of its large Pashtun minority , from whom the Taliban draws a lot of its support ... and that is difficult particularly as the U.S. -- which would need to be a principle supporter of Pakistan -- continues to bomb targets in Pashtun areas leading to civilian casualties .	Taliban influences in Pakistan has developed over years Pakistan government weak and could be weakened further Pakistan has options to deal with Taliban , but they come with problems
CNN  -- Yemen 's main opposition bloc on Monday rejected President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's call to form a unity government to rule until elections to replace him , saying its goal is simply "  the fall of the regime . " "  The opposition will not enter a unity government with the ruling party and will stand with the demands of the people , " said Mohammed Al-Qubati , the spokesman for the Joint Meeting Parties . Saleh is under increasing pressure to resign from youth groups , opposition leaders and even members of his own powerful tribal group , all of whom have called for demonstrations Tuesday against his continued rule . Saleh met Monday with Muslim scholars and members of opposition groups to discuss the possibility of forming a coaltion government that would rule until elections to replace him , according to two Yemeni government sources . But the sources said no agreement had been reached and none was expected on Monday . On Saturday , leaders of two prominent tribal groups , the Hashid-dominated National Solidarity Council and the Baqil tribe , said they would send members to join the protests calling for Saleh 's resignation . Saleh is a member of the Hashid tribe . A day later , the Joint Meeting Parties called for demonstrations on Tuesday . That 's the first time it has called on its supporters to take to the streets since February 3 , which had been branded a day of rage -- a common term for the mass protests that have spread across the Middle East and parts of Africa . Opposition to Saleh has solidified in the wake of violent confrontations between security forces and protesters on Friday , when thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrated in Sanaa , Aden and elsewhere . The clashes left four people dead and 26 wounded , according to medical officials . Amnesty International said it had reports that 11 people died in Friday 's protest , bringing the overall death toll since protests began to 27 . On Tuesday , Interior Minister Mutahar al-Masri said that three members of security forces died and 10 were wounded in recent protests , according to the official Saba news agency . Saba , citing an unnamed security source , has previously said the government denied shooting protesters . Saleh did not appear to be wavering in his intention to remain in office . He spoke to military leaders Saturday , saying there was a plot against Yemeni unity and saying protesters in Aden were causing damage out of "  selfishness . " Saleh has ruled Yemen since 1978 and has promised not to run for re-election in the next round , but protesters have increasingly argued that nothing less than his resignation will be acceptable to them . The country has been roiled by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives and a looming shortage of water . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 security officers killed in recent protests , official news agency reports Yemen 's main opposition bloc rejects calls for a unity government President Ali Abdullah Saleh has called for a coalition government to end protests Opposition groups are calling for demonstrations against Saleh 's rule on Tuesday
CNN  -- They are the world 's cultural capitals , the nerve centers of innovation and the engine rooms of economic growth , but could cities also hold the key to cutting carbon emissions long-term ? A 2010 study from the World Bank found that the 50 largest cities and urban areas on the planet are now home to roughly 500 million people and spew out some 2.6 billion tons of greenhouse gasses every year . As urban migration continues apace , these figures are only expected to rise in the short term . While this may initially lead to more pollutants being pumped into the earth 's atmosphere , some experts believe it could work out better in the long term . They say that the ecological efficiencies cities can offer , aligned with their financial and political influence , could lead to the development of more effective ways to curb carbon emissions . As the world 's leading environmental figures gather in Durban , South Africa for the 2011 United Nations Conference on Climate Change  COP17  , CNN asked two urban climate change experts to explain the complex role of cities . Dr Stephen Hammer is co-director of the Urban Climate Change Research Network , a consortium of academics and institutions dedicated to the analysis of climate change mitigation , and an adviser to New York City 's Energy Policy Taskforce . Mike Hodson meanwhile is a senior research fellow at the Centre for Sustainable Urban and Regional Futures at the University of Salford and co-author of the book , World Cities and Climate Change . How much do cities contribute to climate change ? Stephen Hammer  SH  : Cities are the where the majority of global energy use occurs , by far . The irony is , however , that the dense nature of cities can actually reduce the level of carbon emissions by introducing different kinds of efficiencies . The sheer number of people , however , just means that you just end up with a large volume of energy use and emissions . Mike Hodson  MH  : Cities are increasingly being characterized as significant producers of climate change . Just over half the world 's population lives in cities , around three-quarters of global energy consumption is linked to cities and around four-fifths of global greenhouse gas emissions are linked to cities . In what ways can cities help to address the issue of climate change ? SH : Cities are often the laboratories for central government policies . Central governments do n't often create these things on their own . They 're looking at what others have done including sub-national governments and saying "  well if it worked there , we can make it work nationally . " Therefore , in the absence of national-level action , it is possible for cities to take very concrete steps to influence overall emission levels . MH : The biggest cities are pretty powerful in terms of positions within their national economies . They 've got pretty well-developed government structures ; they 've got mayors and related agencies . But not only have they got those sorts of resources -- and therefore the ability to lobby and influence central government -- they also encompass quite significant national resources , whether it 's financial centers , centers of business and centers of media . Given that they 've got that range of expertise , knowledge , social networks and financial resources ... they can start to paint that picture that they are the places that can actively and effectively start to build  climate change  strategies and deliver on them . Why is it in cities interest to act in a way that negates the impact of climate change ? SH : I think it 's very safe to say that climate change threatens the long-term economic viability of many cities in addition to creating public health risks . Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans is a great example of that ... although not an event that was necessarily caused by climate change . The city suffered hugely in terms of the economic impact of an extreme weather event ... and these types of events are assumed to become more commonplace as the climate changes . MH : I think the flipside of this sort of argument about cities being producers of climate change is that they 're also increasingly being seen as victims of climate change . This is particularly the case with rising sea levels , coastal cities and riverside cities that are at risk from rising sea levels but also those susceptible to drought or urban heat islands . What can cities do to negate or prepare for the impact of climate change ? SH : It becomes particularly important for cities , as they expand rapidly , to make the decisions today that will constrain emissions in the future . So , again , going back to some of the first things I was talking about , the way the city is designed , having it so that it promotes density that that then supports public transportation ridership ; designing the city in a way that makes it bicycle-friendly or eco-friendly or pedestrian friendly , so you 're not always forcing people into automobiles . You must make the right decisions right now and as the city expands going forward you must constantly revisit them to see how can we be changing the old city to be more efficient but also how it can maintain efficiency when we are designing the expanding city or the new city . MH : One of the things that strikes me is that , whether it 's global cities or more ordinary cities , to different degrees they have started to get their strategic act together by developing strategies , setting targets , setting timelines . But as of yet , they 've not managed to translate that into any sort of effective way . They 've really got to get to the more practical elements of how to translate that into tangible actions and deliver on them .	World Bank : Cities produce roughly 2.6 billion tons of carbon emissions each year Some scientists believe expanding cities could help curb carbon emissions in the long term Two urban climate change experts give their views on cities importance to curbing future emissions
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- A smiling Ted Scott strides into the bustling caddy area at the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte , North Carolina , and sets down the golf bag marked "  Bubba Watson " that defines his working life . The fresh-faced 37-year old is one of the lucky ones . Caddies for the top PGA Tour golfers can bring home as much as $ 250,000 a year in the modern game , traveling the world and taking a cut of everything their player earns along the way . Such rewards make for a fiercely competitive industry . These days , most caddies are college-educated and strong players in their own right -- a long way from the stereotype of disheveled , drunken hobos portrayed in movies like Caddyshack . "  It 's changed a lot since I 've been out here , " says Scott , who took his first job in 2000 , and counts 2008 U.S. Ryder Cup captain Paul Azinger among his former employers . "  There used to be guys in the parking lot at tournaments , and you could pick up a bag . Now I 've got friends who are great caddies and ca n't get a job . You can earn a living out here , that 's what 's made the difference . " Scott 's player is the big-hitting Watson , and the 32-year-old American is doing better than most . He 's already won two PGA Tour tournaments in 2011 , cashing checks for over $ 3 million and handing around 10 % to his good friend on the bag . The pair started working together in 2006 , when their mutual friend Ben Crane introduced them at the PGA Tour 's weekly Bible study group . Watson agreed to give him a two-week trial and they 've been together ever since . "  We 're like brothers , brothers that Mom and Dad left alone -- and they left him in charge , " Scott says . "  Sometimes I just want to punch him , but I love him . And I know he feels the same about me . But do n't let anybody else say anything bad about us . We 'll go into battle for each other . " Like a good number of his fellow PGA Tour caddies , Scott 's first intention was to make it as a player . But after turning professional he struggled to make an impact , and ultimately had to make do with the next best thing . "  I turned pro and thought , ` I 'm not ready for this , ' so I went out to caddy to see what I needed to work on with my game . Here I am 10 years later , " Scott says . "  Being a caddy was n't my dream , but it 's a dream now . To caddy for a great player , a guy that treats me well . If you have a nice player to work with it 's a great job . " With a wife and two young daughters back home in Lafayette , Louisiana , Scott accepts there are sacrifices to be made for a life on the road . But while he often goes a week or two without seeing his family , there 's a clear upside to his schedule . "  I sat down to work everything out once and there 's no question I get more time with my wife and kids doing this , than I would in a normal job , " Scott says . "  I work about half of the time , and the rest of the time I 'm home all the time . I can take my daughter to school and pick her up . I do n't just have to wait for the weekends . The only hard part is not getting to my wife and kids every day . " When it comes to the job in hand , Scott sees his role stretching a long way beyond the guy who hands Watson his clubs and measures yardages on the golf course . Watson is an emotional golfer , and the presence of a calming influence alongside him has proved invaluable in his recent successes . Scott is an integral part of what Watson calls "  Team Bubba , " and he 's been credited with bringing a new focus to one of the most naturally gifted golfers on the Tour . "  It takes a long time to learn someone . And that 's the art of caddying -- you have to learn your player , " Scott says . "  For Bubba it 's about keeping him in the middle emotionally . You do n't want him to get too excited , or too mad . He 's extremely emotional . It 's about trying to watch him and getting back to that middle point where he plays his best . " So what exactly does being Watson 's caddy entail on a typical tournament day ? "  I try to get to the course at least an hour and a half early . Bubba comes out about an hour before to start warming up , and I have to make sure I 've got the bag ready -- make sure I 've got a clean towel and all the rain gear ready , " Scott says . "  We 'll go to the putting green first and Bubba will putt for about 20 minutes . Then we 'll go and hit balls , then Bubba will come back and putt some more . And then we 'll go out and play the round . " Following the pair around the Quail Hollow course in Charlotte , it was obvious they share a tight bond . After five years working together Watson and Scott still have plenty to talk about , and appear completely relaxed in each other 's company . When a tournament round ends , Scott can count himself fortunate Watson is "  not a big practice guy . " While some of his fellow caddies are out on the range for hours afterwards , tending to their players as they hit balls until the sun goes down , Scott has it easy . "  If he  Watson  did n't like a certain shot he might go and hit one or two , just to get a positive feel for it , but after that I 'm off for the rest of the day , " Scott says . "  So I go play golf myself , or play tennis , or hang out with my friends . Whatever I can do to entertain myself to the next day . " All in all it sounds like a pretty good life being a PGA Tour caddy -- especially when your player is as relaxed a character , and as a good a player as Watson is . Scott is one of the lucky ones , and he knows it . But while he and Watson have a friendship that 's the envy of his fellow caddies , he 's never in any doubt of who wears the pants in their relationship . "  We love to hang out , and have a lot of common interests . But we knock heads too , and he 's in charge so I always have to submit , " he says . Ted Scott and Bubba Watson support Caddy for a Cure , a not-for-profit corporation that offers the chance to caddy for a PGA Tour professional for a day and distributes funds to an array of worthy charitable causes . To find out more , visit : www.caddyforacure.com	Ted Scott is in elite group of caddies that travel world and earn lucrative salaries After failing to make impact as professional golfer , Scott became caddy in 2000 The 37-year-old began assisting Bubba Watson in 2006 and has helped him win three PGA titles Scott and Watson share close bond , which has helped working relationship flourish
CNN  -- A young transient who said he was trying to shake zombies off a stolen semi-trailer truck he was driving caused a major freeway incident in southern California that sent four people to the hospital and tied up traffic for hours , the California Highway Patrol said . Jerimiah Clyde Hartline , 19 , was arrested in connection with the theft an 18-wheeler fully loaded with strawberries on Sunday near Temecula , according to the highway patrol . Officer Nate Baer said Hartline had been riding with truck driver Daniel Martinez since his trip started in Tennessee after being kicked out of his home . When Martinez stopped to fill out paperwork at an inspection site , he left Hartline alone in the truck , Baer said . Hartline then jumped behind the wheel of the truck , sped off and soon after crashed into several vehicles on the freeway , Baer said . Hartline was apparently under the influence of a substance that caused him to hallucinate , Baer said . "  He thought zombies were chasing him and clinging to the truck , " Baer said in an e-mail . According to the highway patrol , Hartline lost control of the truck and first collided with a Toyota Tacoma . The Tacoma collided with a Toyota 4Runner , and it hit a Mercedes-Benz . Two people in the Tacoma and the driver of the 4Runner were taken to hospitals . The highway patrol said the occupants of the Tacoma were seriously injured . Hartline continued driving and hit a Ford Taurus and a Honda Accord , the highway patrol said . Two people in the Taurus were taken to area hospitals . After colliding with the Taurus and Accord , the semi-trailer overturned . According to the San Diego Union Tribune , Hartline then jumped out of the truck and into a white van , demanding to be taken to another location . That driver held Hartline until authorities arrived . Hartline has been charged with taking a vehicle without the owner 's consent and receiving known stolen property , court records said . What 's inside a zombie ? ` Walking Dead ' answers your burning questions Opinion : Time to protect America from zombies	Teen took semi-trailer he was riding in at an inspection station , highway patrol says Suspect caused collisions while "  he thought zombies were chasing him , " officer says Four people were injured , two seriously , in southern California incident
Washington  CNN  -- Survivors of the Costa Concordia cruise ship accident off the coast of Italy recounted in riveting testimony before Congress on Wednesday that they feared for their lives after the ship hit a reef last month . "  We were at our dinner table on Deck 3 and were in the process of ordering our food , and we had just ordered our appetizers , " said Divya Sharma , who was celebrating her fifth wedding anniversary with her husband on the ship . "  At that moment , there was a violent shaking of the ship , followed by loud crash noises as the plates and glasses broke due to the listing of the ship towards the starboard side . Lights went out immediately , but there was no announcement as to what had happened . It was pitch dark with no visibility . Everyone nearby started to scream , and a few minutes into the ordeal the emergency lights came on , and we observed that the ship is now listing on the port side . This is when the first announcement came on telling us it was nothing but an electrical failure , and that everything is under control . " There were 3,229 passengers and 1,023 crew members aboard the Costa Concordia when it set sail January 13 . Sharma told a House Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Committee hearing that "  crew members urged the passengers to remain calm and seated . The staff started to bring out people 's food , as if nothing bad had happened . " She said a half hour after the accident , she and her husband decided to leave the dining room and go back to their room to get their life jackets , climbing six levels while holding onto the guard rails in dim emergency lighting . "  As we were getting to our room there were constant announcements of the same message , ` Ladies and gentleman , everything is under control at this point , and it seems to be a generator failure . Please stay calm and wait for further instructions and be cooperative . ' What caught our attention was that all the announcements were made on behalf of the captain , and never once did we hear the captain speak , " Sharma said . "  No one seemed to have any clear idea as to why they had to , what they had to do in this situation , or where they were supposed to send us , " she added . Her husband , Sameer Sharma , told committee members "  there was not one instance where crew members or anybody had mentioned that there was anything wrong other than the electrical issue . So we felt very betrayed , very much lied to at that point . " Despite being urged to stay in their rooms , the Sharmas headed to a lifeboat . "  People started to panic and getting frustrated as the ship is tilting more by the minute . We were getting frustrated , aggravated , and the crowd was pushing and shoving against each other , " Divya Sharma said . "  Everybody was on their good vacation , but here we were sitting on a life boat , on a life boat , staring into the eyes of death , " she told CNN in an interview before the hearing began . The number of confirmed dead in the accident is 25 , with several people still missing . Dozens were injured . Rep. Rick Larsen , D-Washington , told the Sharmas , "  I 'm embarrassed with what happened . " Coast Guard officials said an investigation is under way to determine what lessons can be learned from the incident and what regulations should be strengthened to protect passengers . One part of the probe includes whether watertight doors were closed after the ship struck the reef . The investigation will also look at crew training procedures , language and ship inspections . "  From that , we hope to develop a picture of what happened on board and the human factors in the unfolding of that tragedy , " said Vice Admiral Brian Salerno , commandant for operations with the U.S. Coast Guard . Salerno pointed out that the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic was drawing near , on April 14 , and the "  Costa Concordia reminds us that our new technology can not be taken for granted . We 're only as good as the human systems that operate them . " One immediate change is the cruise industry 's decision to conduct muster drill exercises prior to a ship 's departure from port , something Salerno called a "  positive development . " There are some 170 passenger ships that operate from U.S. ports each year . The Transportation Committee said in 2010 more than 10 million U.S. residents took a cruise , generating more than $ 37 billion for the U.S. economy and creating 330,000 American jobs . Representatives of the cruise line industry told lawmakers it is reviewing procedures in the wake of the accident . "  The cruise industry remains one of the safest recreational travel options , " said Christine Duffy , president and CEO of Cruise Lines International Association . She said the industry is "  proactive and transparent " when it comes to safety . The captain of the Costa Concordia reportedly abandoned the ship well before most of the passengers evacuated and refused to return when ordered to do so by the Italian Coast Guard . He faces several criminal charges in connection with the accident . Rep. Don Young , R-Alaska , who holds a captain 's license , said pointedly , "  Nothing 's wrong with the ship . It 's a captain who forgot he was a captain . " Young cautioned against "  casting aspersions " on the American cruise line industry and its "  good safety record . " "  We want to avoid collateral damage to the cruise industry , " added Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland . "  This is truly a teachable moment . " But when Cummings asked Divya Sharma whether she would ever take a cruise again , she said , "  Not in the near future . "	Twenty-five people were killed in the Costa Concordia accident Captain accused of abandoning ship and is facing charges A House committee may look at tougher cruise regulations
CNN  -- Apple has called it the biggest change to the iPhone since the very first one launched in 2007 , but does the latest software , iOS 7 , make the iPhone a more compelling buy for travelers than its Android - and Windows-powered competitors ? While iOS 7 sports a significant redesign alongside improved battery life and multitasking ability , it 's the assortment of new photo functions that iPhone-toting tourists will find most useful in the iOS 7 update . The big deal is a faster , easier way to scroll through that endless stream of photos you 've amassed over the years and trips . In previous versions , those photos all existed as part of one , big linear stream . The iOS7 automatically organizes photos into categories called Collections , Moments and Years , what Apple describes as "  smart groupings of your photos and videos based on time and place . " Collections is a grouping of moments -- say , a trip to Canada . Moments are organized according to date and location . Years are obvious -- groupings of photos by year . The cool part of the Years organization is a collage of thumbnails of every picture from a given year that appears on the user screen . This can look a little overwhelming -- the more photos , the more intricate the collage -- but it 's actually a handy way to find images quickly . A redesigned photo Share panel adds a number of functions that users should welcome . The most useful is a new Shared Photo Stream that not only allows the user to share photos with others , but allows others to add photos to someone else 's photo stream . Just back from a family vacation in Greece ? In the past you might have streamed all of your vacation photos to family members -- with the iOS7 , those same family members can now add their photos to the same stream . Better Maps app Another key asset is the new built-in Maps app , which will now include spoken turn-by-turn navigation for pedestrians . Instead of bumbling down Las Ramblas or Lan Kwai Fong , eyes glued to an app and smacking into other people , wandering tourists can pocket their iPhones , stick in an earbud and listen out for the next turn , in the same way drivers use sat-nav apps -- and similar to how Google Maps works on Android smartphones . The App Store on iPhones with iOS 7 will also incorporate GPS location to suggest locally popular apps , which is potentially useful for first-time visits to an area -- for example , firing up the App Store in Hong Kong 's Sheung Wan district shows two bus schedule apps and a "  taxi translator " that gives the names of streets and places in phonetically spelled Chinese . Other minor traveler-friendly refreshes include an enhanced camera with vintage filters and a square viewfinder mode -- all the better to share those holiday snaps on Instagram ; and additional security for a lost iPhone that prevents would-be thieves from erasing it in order to sell it . Passbook now a bigger plus An app that launched with last year 's iOS 6 software remains one of the iPhone 's biggest travel boons . Passbook is a travel wallet app that holds digital boarding passes , hotel confirmations and other booking tickets , then uses the iPhone 's GPS sensor to pop up the required boarding pass around the location of use . Though it launched with relatively few airlines and hotels on-board , the app now supports boarding passes for dozens of airlines and travel companies , including Airbnb and Booking.com . Of course , boarding pass apps , trip organizers and other travel helpers are readily available on Android  and to a lesser extent , BlackBerry and Windows Phones  . For now , Passbook is an advantage only for multi-stop trips where travelers are likely to be carrying more than a couple of boarding passes or hotel bookings at a time . Should existing iPhone users upgrade to iOS 7 ? "  Software updates fix bugs , enhance performance and add new features , " says Richard Lai , editor in chief of consumer tech blog Engadget China . "  It 's up to developers then to take advantage of the new tools in their apps . " Users of the iPhone 5 , iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 will be prompted by Apple to update sometime this month , while iOS 7 will be available for the second - , third - and fourth-generation iPads plus the iPad Mini later in the year  rumored to be October  . As for whether an iPhone packing iOS 7 is a worthy alternative to the slew of other smartphones , it comes back down to those nice new photo/camera features and the apps . Great travel apps for iPhone such as Skyscanner flight booking and TripAdvisor guides are usually also available for Android , while major apps such as TripIt travel organizer and Skype calling will also support Windows Phone and BlackBerry . For current iPhone owners , iOS 7 will make photo organization simpler , but it wo n't revolutionize their next trip away -- the next generation of iOS 7 apps could . CNN 's Brent Deverman contributed to this report .	New iOS7 offers easier way to sort and scroll through photos -- a big plus App Store suggests locally popular apps Older iOS 6 Passport app is still the best travel-related resource Another new feature -- turn-by-turn audio navigation for walkers
You 'd be hard-pressed to find someone who does n't own a t-shirt ; in fact , the ubiquitous garment is a mainstay in most wardrobes . Nevertheless , Olga Mugyenyi and Nahida Beghani have injected new life into the plain white "  tee " with Definition Africa , a t-shirt store based in Kampala , Uganda . Bright prints , sharp slogans and youthful energy characterize Definition 's alternative approach to fashion , where everyday Ugandan life inspires each new design . "  The concept of Definition came up in and around 2009 , " Beghani recalls . "  We felt like there were n't really any products or apparel in the market that really celebrated the local experience , " she adds . Following its successful launch on Facebook , Definition Africa eventually evolved into a bricks-and-mortar retailer , growing a loyal and enthusiastic customer base since the store 's opening in January 2014 . Despite the seemingly globalized nature of the fashion world , Definition 's success is largely inspired by regional quirks and local collaborations rather than the latest throwaway trend . "  The t-shirts that we design are in theme with life in Uganda , things that we come across , statements , food , and people , " says Mugyenyi . "  We also have a line that 's called ` Signature Tees ' where we invite people to submit their designs and if they go through the approval process then they get printed , " she says . Having recently received the Young Creative Entrepreneur Award from the British Council , Definition Africa has firmly cemented itself as one to watch . However , the practicalities of producing and manufacturing locally-made clothing has proven to be just as difficult as they had anticipated . "  It would 've been much easier to source our t-shirts in China , it would be much easier to get our stationery produced in Dubai , but we had to kind of stick to what we started with and that has been difficult , " says Mugyenyi . Currently , all of Definition 's products are made and sourced in various African countries -- with blank t-shirts sent in from factories in Uganda , Kenya and Tanzania to be printed in-house . Ink , zips and embellishments , however , are mostly sourced from outside the continent , but the company aims to ensure that all components are 100 % African-made in the future . This commitment to homegrown design is part of a greater ambition to support local and regional industry , the entrepreneurs say , and so far , consumers have been taking note . Mugyenyi adds : "  One of the things that makes Definition what it is , is that the products are supposed to be entirely African in subject matter and as well as where the material comes from . " Read this : 6 weird African eateries Read this : What does temptation taste like ? Read this : 12-tier cakes and VIP toilets	Definition Africa is a booming t-shirt retailer based in Kampala , Uganda Ugandan life is key inspiration for the brand 's bright and stylish designs All products are manufactured locally , with the aim of supporting local and regional makers
Obama administration officials said Monday the federal government would not become a willing partner in the state of Arizona 's efforts to arrest undocumented people -- unless those immigrants meet federal government criteria . And they said the administration is rescinding agreements that allow some Arizona law enforcement officers to enforce federal immigration laws . The administration made the announcement hours after Monday 's Supreme Court decision on whether states can enforce immigration laws . Issues and ruling at a glance In a conference call with reporters , an administration official said the administration will not allow Arizona 's immigration priorities to become the Department of Homeland Security 's priorities . The official said while DHS expected more calls from Arizona authorities , it will not increase staffing in Arizona to deal with them . "  We have limited resources . It does n't make sense ... to spend those resources in a scattershot or random fashion . Instead they need to be focused on individuals who pose a public safety threat or challenge the integrity of our borders , and going forth that is how we anticipate handling our response to ... Arizona 's law , " he said . Accordingly , he said , federal officials will not respond to the scene of state or local traffic stops or similar law enforcement encounters to enforce immigration laws unless the individual meets DHS enforcement priorities . To meet those priorities , the individual must be a convicted criminal or a recent border crosser , or must have been removed from the U.S. previously and re-entered unlawfully . DHS will continue to comply with its legal requirement to verify , by telephone , the individual 's immigration status , officials said . States affected by ruling The administration also said it is rescinding the so-called 287  g  agreements with the state of Arizona that allowed some local police departments to enforce federal immigration laws . Under the 287  g  program , state and local law enforcement agencies entered into a partnership with DHS 's Immigration and Customs Enforcement and were delegated authority for immigration enforcement within their jurisdictions . The program was initiated under the Bush administration , which heralded it as a top immigration enforcement tool . But the progam has fallen into disfavor with the Obama administration , which said in its 2013 budget proposal that it intended to phase out the program , an administration official said . Five things we learned Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer responded to the end of the 287  g  agreements with an angry statement Monday . "  As though we needed any more evidence , President Obama has demonstrated anew his utter disregard for the safety and security of the Arizona people . Within the last two hours , I have been notified the Obama administration has revoked the 287  g  agreement under the authority of which Arizona law enforcement officers have partnered with the federal government in the enforcement of immigration law , " the statement said . "  Since 2006 , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security credits the 287  g  program with identifying nearly 300,000 potentially-removable aliens nationwide . Immigration and Customs Enforcement has trained and certified more than 1,500 state and local officers to assist in the enforcement of immigration law , including many in Arizona , " the statement added . "  In fact , even as the President was wiping out Arizona 's 287  g  agreements , the ICE website itself continued to herald the collaborative approach of the 287  g  program , noting , ` Terrorism and criminal activity are most effectively combated through a multi-agency/multi-authority approach that encompasses federal , state and local resources , skills and expertise . ' " The Justice Department announced it has set up a telephone hotline and e-mail address for the public to report potential civil rights concerns related to the implementation of the Arizona SB 1070 provision requiring immigration status verification during certain law enforcement encounters . The hotline number is 855-353-1010 and the e-mail address is SB1070@usdoj.gov . A Justice Department official said the Arizona hotline was set up in reaction to the Supreme Court 's ruling . "  The hotline was not previously set up because the provision had not gone into effect , " the official said . "  In Alabama , we similarly set up the hotline when its immigration law went into effect , " the official said , referring to a hotline set up in that state late last year in response to Alabama 's immigration reform law law .	Ariz. governor slams end of program that let some state police enforce federal laws Justice Department sets up hotline for public civil rights concerns about Arizona law Official : Feds wo n't help Arizona arrest undocumented people unless they meet certain criteria DHS priorities include convicted criminals , recent border crossers
CNN  -- After failing to find her teenage son on the grounds of Danvers High School , Diana Chism called police in the small northeastern Massachusetts town where she lives with her three children . The call came on 6:34 p.m. on October 22 -- one in a long series of contacts and pieces of old-fashioned police work that helped crack a case that shocked the quiet New England town of 26,000 . The mother 's desperate call was one of the first items in a police affidavit that chillingly chronicled the killing of popular high school teacher Colleen Ritzer , 24 , allegedly at the hand of shy student-athlete Philip Chism , 14 . A grand jury on Thursday indicted Chism on charges of murder , aggravated rape and armed robbery in connection with Ritzer 's slaying , according to Essex District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett , who said the case involved "  horrific and unspeakable acts . " Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying Citing Massachusetts law , prosecutors said they would ask that Chism -- who is being held without bail -- be tried as an adult . Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , has declined to comment . The affidavit unsealed Friday -- which police used to obtain a search warrant for Chism 's home -- offers a chronology of the gruesome slaying of the algebra teacher and how a student in her last-period class became the prime suspect : After informing police that her son had not come home , Diana Chism went to the Danvers station house to file a missing-person report . Police had the boy 's cellular phone company "  ping " the device 's location . It was last known to be in the vicinity of the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned he had purchased a movie ticket before leaving . Another "  ping " turned up no results . Police used Twitter , Facebook and other social media outlets to spread the news of his disappearance . The next day , a Danvers police officer reviewed surveillance footage from cameras at the high school and constructed a minute-by-minute timeline of the end of the school day on October 22 . At 2:54 p.m , Ritzer walks from her classroom , A209 , to the second-floor restroom . A minute later , a person the officer says is Chism appears to follow her into the restroom "  with a hood over his head , donning gloves . " At 3:06 p.m. , a female student enters the bathroom and quickly walks out .  She later told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes . The person 's rear was exposed , with clothes piled on the floor  . A minute later , the person who had followed Ritzer leaves the bathroom . During the next several minutes , he walks in and out of the school building , changes his clothes , puts on a black mask and drags a recycling barrel into the bathroom . At 3:22 p.m. , the person in the ski mask leaves the bathroom , pulling the recycle bin to an elevator , then out of the building and toward the student parking lot . At 3:30 p.m. , the mother of one student sees Chism "  running away " from the school . The student 's mother relayed this information to the principal at about 6 p.m. that day . At 9 p.m. , Danvers High School principal Sue Ambrozavitch sends out a mass e-mail to high school staff reporting Chism missing . Shortly after the e-mail was sent , a math teacher calls the principal to say that Ritzer 's parents -- Tom and Peggie -- told her their daughter was missing . The teacher , concerned that both her colleague and a student were missing , told the principal that Chism was in Ritzer 's last class that day . Ambrozavitch told investigations that night she and others went to the school to look for Ritzer , whose car was still in the parking lot . Tom and Peggie Ritzer were also at the school before going to the police station to report their daughter missing . The exact time is unclear . At about 11:20 p.m. , the Ritzers report their daughter missing . Police had her cell phone provider "  ping " the location of her phone . The device 's last know location was in the area of a local middle school . Meanwhile , in the nearby town of Topsfield at 12:30 a.m. on October 23 , an officer approached a young man walking on the road at Route 1 North and Salem Road . It was Philip Chism , who was reported missing in Danvers . Chism was patted down and a knife was found . Later , a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter , according to the affidavit . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He was also carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of blue-green women 's underwear . He first tells police he found the items at a gas station . Later , he says he took them out of Ritzer 's car . Chism is arrested . In the early morning hours of October 23 , Ritzer 's body is found during a search of the Danvers High School grounds and an adjacent wooded area . Her body was in a "  supine position covered with leaves and debris " in an attempt to conceal it . She was raped with an object . Her throat was slit . The green recycle bin in the surveillance video was 20 yards from the body . Clothing and other belongings were scattered nearby , along with the blood-soaked gloves Chism was seen wearing in the video . A crime scene officer unfolded a handwritten note left near the body . It read : "  I hate you all . " That same morning , police officers interviewed Chism 's mother in the basement apartment where she had moved her family after recently leaving Tennessee amid a divorce with the young man 's father . "  She said that it was a stressful divorce , " the affidavit said . Hundreds mourn slain teacher At 5:36 p.m. on October 23 , investigators with the Danvers police and Massachusetts State Police interviewed a ninth-grade student who said she was in the same classroom with Ritzer and Chism to get extra help in math on the day of the killing . Chism was "  visibly upset " after Ritzer mentioned his home state of Tennessee , the student told police . Ritzer noticed and changed the subject . Chism continued to be upset , said the student , who described him as "  talking to himself in the classroom . " It was the first hint of a possible motive .	Court documents provide detailed timeline of case that shocked New England town Affidavit chronicles killing of popular teacher and the arrest of one of her students Prosecutors have said they will seek to try Philip Chism , 14 , as an adult Colleen Ritzer , 24 , was found , brutally slain , on October 23
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- CNN photojournalist Khalil Abdallah was having breakfast Saturday in a Tripoli hotel that houses foreign press when a woman burst into the restaurant , screaming that she had been raped and beaten for days by Moammar Gadhafi 's brigades . Her sudden entrance startled the group of international journalists , who were about to begin another day covering the crisis in Libya . The woman 's face was heavily bruised , a long bruise running down the left side of her cheek . She walked around , sobbing , shouting , lifting her dress to show a bloody thigh . Her ankles and wrists were bloody where she said she had been bound . One of the few present who spoke Arabic , the photojournalist understood her pleas . "  She was saying , ` We are all Libyans ! Why do n't you treat us the same ? ' " Abdallah recounted Sunday for CNN.com . The woman told the journalists that she had been picked up at a government checkpoint east of Tripoli , tied , beaten and raped for two days . Her name was Eman al-Obeidy , she said . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me ! " she screamed . "  My honor was violated by them ! " Reporters gathered around her , trying to calm her , Abdallah recalled . He and other photojournalists dashed for their cameras . "  We were all in shock , " Abdallah said , trying to keep a steady hand . He knew that minders -- the men Libya 's government assigns to foreign journalists to monitor their every move -- were nearby . Reporters had barely asked a few questions before those minders were on them , pushing and shoving reporters to the side , trying to jerk the woman away . Some of them were wearing their distinctive red badges , Abdallah said , while others were in plain clothes . They threw punches . Journalists tried to defend themselves and keep the woman away from the minders . "  It was like a rugby pileup , " Abdallah said . A correspondent for Britain 's Channel 4 , Jonathan Miller , tried to push one of the minders back . The woman was trying to fight back as well , Abdallah said . "  She is pushing him  a minder  back saying , ` Do n't touch me , leave me alone ! ' " he said . "  From that point on , everybody in this hotel was against us  the journalists  , " the photojournalist recounted . Minders ran after journalists , jumping on them , beating them , he said . At one point a bag was placed over the woman 's head and she was led out to the hotel garden . She was questioned for about 40 minutes , and then minders came back inside . They announced that the woman was crazy and that she was being taken to the hospital . "  All the minders were telling us she was drunk or had mental problems , " Abdallah said . A short while later , the woman was led through the lobby . Journalists followed , protesting , shouting for the men to let her go . A journalist can be heard on video asking her : "  Are you OK ? " "  No , " the woman answers , her voice shaky . She yells into a camera : "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it ! " The woman is forced into a waiting car . She shouts that she is being taken to jail . The minders told reporters that they could see the woman again , later . "  We have been told that we 'd see people again , but we never do , " said Abdallah . An image he captured shows a minder pointing his finger at Abdallah just before snatching his camera and breaking it . "  He ripped the microphone off , the viewfinder , his nails sunk into my arm , " said Abdallah . "  I was pulling the camera one way ; he was pulling it the other way . " While wrestling for his camera , Abdallah saw a minder standing nearby holding a 9 mm handgun . The photojournalist let go and slowly began to back out of the restaurant . Then Abdallah heard something from the minders that he has come to expect , but that never fails to sting him . " ` He is Arab ! ' they were shouting . ` Why is he doing this to us ? ' " "  Once you 're labeled like that , it does n't matter what your citizenship is , " he said . "  But what I felt more was terrible for this woman and how the government is going to deal with her . "  That is the thing that is most disturbing . " Postscript : The Libyan woman who stormed into the Tripoli hotel Saturday to tell foreign reporters that government troops raped her has been released , government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim told reporters at a news conference Sunday . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the spokesman 's announcement .	CNN journalist sees woman burst into hotel saying Gadhafi supporters raped , beat her Khalil Abdallah understood her cries in Arabic : "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me ! " Abdallah says government minders violently blocked journalists , broke his camera Abdallah saw one minder with a gun in his hand , so the photojournalist backed away
CNN  -- Substitute Mario Balotelli scored a second-half equalizer to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw at Parma in their re-arranged Italian Serie A match on Wednesday . Balotelli fired home from close range on the hour mark , just two minutes after coming off the bench , after the Parma defence failed to clear a corner . On-loan Manchester City forward Valeri Bojinov had put the home side ahead in the 54th minute , the goal also coming from a corner that was not cleared properly . Parma played the final 18 minutes with just 10 men after having Francesco Valiani dismissed for a second yellow card . Inter are now unbeaten in nine matches and have increased their lead at the top of the table to nine points from Roma , with city rivals AC Milan another two points further back in third place . Meanwhile , in Germany , Bayern Munich and Schalke joined Werder Bremen in the semifinals of the German Cup with victories on Wednesday . Bayern thumped Greuther Furth 6-2 while Schalke had a narrow 1-0 win at Osnabruck . They are joined in the last four by second division side Augsburg , who claimed a 2-0 vsuccess over Cologne . And in Spain , Sevilla are through to the Copa del Rey final despite a narrow 1-0 defeat Getafe . Roberto Soldado 's 53rd minute goal separated the sides , but Sevilla reach the final courtesy of their 2-0 first leg success . They are now likely to face Atletico Madrid in the final , with the capital side facing Racing Santander in Thursday 's other semifinal with a 4-0 first leg lead .	Mario Balotelli scores second-half equalizer to earn Inter Milan a 1-1 draw at Parma The result leaves Inter nine points clear of Roma at he top of the Serie A table Sevilla are through to the Copa del Rey final despite a narrow 1-0 defeat Getafe
CNN  -- No American city does unintentional irony quite like Las Vegas . And Las Vegas is always at its most unintentionally ironic during Consumer Electronics Show  CES  week , the January extravaganza that annually draws over 150,000 techno-tourists like myself to the seductively coercive city in the Nevada desert to pay homage to the hottest new electronic products on the planet . This year , the unintentional ironies began as soon as we arrived in town . At Las Vegas ' palatial McCarran airport , we were greeted with a gigantic electronic billboard for Best Buy , a generous CES sponsor and the dominant consumer electronics retailer in America . It was a picture of a happy consumer being greeted by an even happier Best Buy sales assistant . Retail nirvana , the electronic billboard advertised ; Best Buy , it promised , is the techno-consumer 's very best friend . But in Las Vegas , of course , appearance is always the opposite of reality . So let 's imagine a rather different picture : Of an unhappy consumer being "  greeted " by an even unhappier Best Buy sales assistant . Last week , in an article that went so viral that it elicited a panicked rebuttal from Best Buy 's CEO , Silicon Valley author Larry Downes explained why he believes the electronics retailer is gradually going out of business . "  Walk into one of the company 's retail locations or shop online . And try , really try , not to lose your temper , " Downes challenged his readers , before describing his own experience shopping there . So how do those 150,000 CES attendees get from McCarran airport to the packed Las Vegas strip ? We queue . We queue to catch a cab in improbably long lines that snake around and around the airport 's cavernous concourse . And queuing -- or waiting in line , as my American friends like to say -- is the dominant mode of being at CES . We patiently queue for cabs , we queue to get our show badges , we queue for food and beverages , we queue for buses to and from the packed conventional centers , we queue to check in and out of our hotels , we queue to squeeze onto the city 's packed monorail system , and , of course , we dutifully queue on our return to McCarran so that we can be x-rayed by the airport 's absurdly low-tech anti-terrorist machines . The unintentional irony of all this queuing is twofold . Firstly , the whole message of CES this year was mobility . All the most seductive electronic products on show at CES promised to untether us from the world . Smaller notebook computers , now euphemistically called "  ultrabooks " , were thinner and smaller than ever . New smartphones were even smarter and easier to slip into our pockets . Apps were more mobile , of course . While absurdly light tablet devices could be found on almost every table in every booth . So that 's the irony . The whole point of CES is to stand in long , frustratingly slow moving lines to fondle devices that promise unlimited freedom . CES , thus , achieved the impossible : it makes mobility immobile . But it 's the second unintentional irony of all this queuing that is even more delicious . You see , the more CES attendees queue , the more they wait in line to see the blob of an exhibition that now spread over several gigantic exhibition halls and casino-hotels , the less there is to see . Yes , consumer electronics might be becoming more mobile -- but apart from this inevitable development , there were very few really memorable new products or technologies at CES this year . The "  next big thing " this year , supposedly , was that televisions are becoming see-through as well as thinner and more social . But , like a dieting commercial featuring impossibly thin models , CES is always promising impossible thinness , particularly on its latest television screens . "  Plasma schmasma , " as one jaded East Coast friend of mine repeats himself every year . How much more anorexic can television screens become , I wonder , before they double as gigantic Frisbees or cheese cutters . And a "  see-though " LCD screen ? Yes , that seems about as "  must have " as goofy gadgets at CES this year such as connected electronic scales for babies or ispeakers for the shower . Meanwhile , "  social " television has emerged as the ultimate mirage in the Nevada desert . Every year over the last ten years at CES , we 've heard that television is going social . And then , every year , we go home from CES to watch our television sets alone via sets that have little , if any , social functionality . Then there 's that another perennial mirage at CES -- 3D technology . This year , like every year in distant memory , I dutifully put on the plastic throwaway glasses to watch vertiginous 3D presentations . And this year , like every other year , I came away both dizzy and radically unimpressed with a technology that is neither essential nor affordable . No , the big story of CES 2012 was what was happening elsewhere . While we all waited patiently in long lines to see nothing , the real technology news was being made back in Silicon Valley . Earlier this week , for example , Google launched Search Plus Your World in its attempt to socialize its search engine . Meanwhile , rumors continue to circulate about a radically new iPad from Apple -- the world 's leading consumer electronics company that has never and will never attend CES and whose ghost hung heavily over Las Vegas this week . Even Microsoft , a company that has historically invested millions of dollars at CES as a sponsor and participant , made news this year by announcing that this year 's event would be the last that its CEO would keynote . So , in future , without Microsoft and Apple  and Amazon , another innovative company that has never wasted its time in Las Vegas  , it 's hard to avoid concluding that CES will -- like Best Buy - gradually but inevitably go out of business . Like Best Buy , I suspect , CES has stood still over the last 10 years while the world has radically changed . The future of this kind of event celebrating technological innovation is probably far far away from the ubiquitous clanging of Las Vegas ' slot machines . Just as all electronic hardware devices are becoming networked , so the future of CES is probably online , in the very networked world which is empowering our increasingly mobile gadgets . There , at least , there wo n't be any queues .	Andrew Keen says CES has remained the same while the world has radically changed . Keen : "  CES will gradually but inevitably go out of business . " "  The future of this kind of event is probably far far away from Las Vegas , " says Keen
Washington  CNN  -- Foreign aid , a topic often overlooked on the presidential campaign trail , seems to sport a giant bull 's - eye among Republicans this election season . GOP presidential hopeful Rick Perry proposed setting foreign aid accounts to zero if elected . One of his opponents , Mitt Romney , suggested last month that China should bear more responsibility for direct humanitarian aid abroad , instead of collecting interest on loans to the United States . These candidates and others imply that cutting this one-line item is the key to balancing our federal budget and a near panacea for economic woes at home . Understandably , GOP candidates have focused inward in their stump speeches , promising to create jobs and stimulate our sluggish economy . Americans rightly are worried about their own livelihoods and bank accounts . In Tuesday 's GOP debate being aired on CNN , I urge the presidential candidates not to dismiss the lifesaving work done overseas by nonprofit organizations such as those I represent . Not only is helping others part of this country 's moral fabric , but it also makes fiscal sense for the United States and , thus , for voters ' wallets . Just as Americans ' systematically examine their own family 's spending decisions , I suggest that GOP presidential candidates apply similar personal finance principles to evaluate why foreign aid is worth the investment . Do n't be penny wise but pound foolish Emergencies and disasters are inevitable -- from natural calamities to catastrophic illness . Financially savvy Americans know to protect their assets by spending small amounts on insurance and other precautionary measures . Foreign aid is this nation 's insurance . First , the investment -- like an insurance premium -- is relatively small . Foreign aid comprises less than 1 % of the federal budget . Secondly , experts agree that small cash outlays can prevent major expenses later . For example , droughts happen everywhere -- from Texas to East Africa . What is not inevitable , however , is famine . In places such as Texas , Ethiopia and Kenya , investments in agriculture techniques , good storage facilities and infrastructure have allowed people to plan for the unexpected . The Texas drought , which affected 70 % of the state , did have a ripple effect on food and cotton prices worldwide . But no Texans starved to death . Similarly , in East Africa earlier this year , long-term farming and food infrastructure investments in Ethiopia and Kenya meant that this year 's drought in these countries was far less catastrophic . In Somalia , by contrast , the famine has put the lives of millions at risk . Invest wisely and enjoy significant returns History shows us that investing in today 's aid recipients will help convert them to tomorrow 's consumers of American exports . Eleven of the 15 largest importers of American goods and services are former recipients of U.S. foreign aid -- including South Korea , Taiwan and Brazil . In today 's increasingly global economy , experts agree that the United States will not recover from the Great Recession on its own . The U.S. Department of Commerce estimates that for every $ 1 billion in goods the U.S. exports , 6,000 manufacturing jobs are supported here at home . And 95 % of the world 's consumers live outside the United States . Research released in October by the African Development Bank shows that Africa 's income is expected to triple in the next 50 years , and that most African countries "  will attain upper middle income status " by then . All these individuals are potential consumers of American goods . Always hunt for bargains For necessary items and services , bargain hunting pays off . Foreign aid 's real price tag is a bargain compared with what it 's worth to taxpayers . Year after year , polling shows that Americans are willing to spend 10 times what the government now allocates to foreign aid . The majority think humanitarian aid and development programs eat up 25 % of the federal budget , and then settle on 10 % as an appropriate amount . And yet the real amount is less than 1 % -- a bargain . Five former secretaries of state -- from Henry Kissinger to Condoleezza Rice -- last week expressed their support for funding the international affairs budget not only as "  strategic investments in our nation 's security and prosperity , " but also to "  demonstrate America 's proud tradition of goodwill and global leadership . " Americans have always shown tremendous generosity even in tough economic times . More Americans donated to Haiti earthquake relief efforts than watched the Super Bowl last year . Giving USA reports that giving by individuals is on the rise -- up 2.7 % in 2010 over the previous year . And the biggest percentage increase in donations went to charities involved in international affairs : a 15 % increase . No presidential candidate wants to be out of touch with voters . I urge GOP candidates to frame their position on foreign aid based on what Americans want : To safeguard their wallets and show compassion for people suffering overseas . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Samuel A. Worthington .	GOP presidential hopefuls are targeting foreign aid , says Samuel A. Worthington Foreign assistance comprises less than 1 % of the federal budget , he says Countries we aid now may be tomorrow 's consumers of American exports , he says Worthington : Americans have always shown generosity , even in tough economic times
Acapulco , Mexico  CNN  -- Arrests could come as early as this week in the alleged rape of six Spanish tourists in Acapulco , the lead investigator in the case told CNN on Wednesday . Mexican authorities have identified the suspects and are monitoring them , said Marcos Juarez . Fifty investigators were working the case . The six women were among 14 people victimized by hooded gunmen who burst into a beach bungalow in the resort town before dawn Monday . There are seven suspects between the ages of 20 and 30 , Juarez said . In addition to the rapes , the men stole cell phones , iPads and tennis shoes from the victims , investigators said . Investigators believe that the victims bought drugs from one or more of the suspects a day or two earlier , and that the victims knew the suspects , Juarez said . The Spanish nationals range from 20 to 34 years of age and are under the protection of Mexican authorities in Mexico City . Rape casein Mexican resort city puts violence back in the spotlight Seven men who were with the group were tied up with cell phone cables and bikini straps while the gunmen assaulted the six women , officials said . A seventh woman , a Mexican , was spared because of her nationality , Guerrero state Attorney General Martha Garzon said in a radio interview . "  She has said that she identified herself to the men and asked them not to rape her , " Garzon told Radio Formula . "  And they told her that she had ` passed the test ' by being Mexican , and from that point they do n't touch her . " The gunmen 's motive was robbery and "  to have some fun , " as they saw it , Garzon said . They do not appear to be a part of organized crime , officials said . Military checkpoints have been set up to apprehend the suspects . As they sift through evidence , investigators have cordoned off the area around the bungalow , which is in an open area of Playa Encantada that has limited security in Playa Encantada . Last year , the city of Acapulco attracted half a million tourists -- most of them Mexicans . Mexico 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the Spanish tourists received consular aid after the incident . The U.S. State Department says "  resort areas and tourist destinations in Mexico generally do not see the levels of drug-related violence and crime reported in the border region and in areas along major trafficking routes . " But the agency adds that resort city bars , including those in Acapulco , can be "  havens for drug dealers and petty criminals . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez and Nick Parker reported from Acapulco and Mariano Castillo from Atlanta . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : 50 investigators are working the case Official says investigators are pursuing strong leads Six Spanish women were allegedly raped
The Israeli embassy and Jewish community in Japan are donating 300 Anne Frank-related books to public libraries in Tokyo after hundreds of copies of the girl 's diary and other publications about the Holocaust were vandalized across the city . Damage to at least 308 books has been discovered at 38 libraries since January , according to the Tokyo metropolitan government . Most of them were versions of "  Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl . " The book , which has been read by millions of people around the world , is a Jewish girl 's account of hiding from the Nazis in Amsterdam during World War II . "  The reaction in Israel was of surprise , because our relations with Japan and Japanese people are so warm ... but I think everyone understands that it 's a single act that does n't represent Japanese people , " said the embassy 's deputy chief of mission , Peleg Lewi Thursday as he presented the first of the books to the mayor of Suginami ward , where much of the vandalism occurred . Sympathy and goodwill The embassy decided to replace the damaged books after receiving an outpouring of sympathy and goodwill from the government and people of Japan -- including "  a thousand " calls , mails and e-mails apologizing for the incident , a press officer at the embassy , Ronen Mezini told CNN . "  We are thankful for the thousands of positive and encouraging messages we 've received from the Japanese people , " Lewi said . "  The diaries of Anne Frank represent a message of tolerance between people , and awareness to the holocaust , " he added . Frank and her family spent 25 months hiding in cramped quarters in the Dutch city , living in fear of discovery by the occupying Nazis . But in August 1944 , they were betrayed , arrested and eventually sent to Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp . Frank and her sister Margot were then transferred to Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died during a typhus epidemic just weeks before it was liberated in 1945 . Their mother , Edith , died at Auschwitz , leaving their father , Otto , as the only surviving member of the family . Raise awareness In Suginami , pages were torn from at least 119 books about Frank , including her diary , in 11 public libraries , according to authorities . The first case of damage in the ward was reported on February 6 . Suginami 's mayor said Thursday he hoped the situation would help to raise awareness of the Holocaust among Japanese people . "  Through this incident , I believe that people also learned about the horrid facts of history and of racism , and with this knowledge , I hope that our people were given an opportunity to reflect on the preciousness of peace , " said Mayor Roy Tanaka . Police have launched an investigation into the incident .	An Israeli embassy official presents 300 Anne Frank books to Tokyo libraries The libraries reported vandalism targeting copies of famous Holocaust account Officials say at least 308 copies of the book have been damaged since January Police are investigating the situation
CNN  It 's widely considered the only place in which seeds planted during the "  Arab Spring " may have grown into the first sprouts of democracy . And now , Tunisia officially has a new president-elect . Long-time politician Beji Caid Essebsi won the country 's runoff with about 55 % of the vote , beating outgoing President Moncef Marzouki 's 44 % , state-run media reported Monday . It was a hard-fought race . On Sunday , despite earlier indications Essebsi had won , supporters of Marzouki rallied in downtown Tunis . Security forces responded to rock-throwing rioters by firing tear gas to quickly disperse the crowds , state-run media reported . As a candidate , Essebsi promised to restore the state 's prestige after the chaotic years since the 2011 revolution , when the country 's dictator , President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali , was ousted . But Marzouki warned that Essebsi would bring back authoritarian policies . Inside Ben Ali 's palace : Fake diplomas , sports cars , stuffed leopard The fact that the elections -- considered legitimate -- took place at all is historic . The election process began in October with a vote for parliament . "  At a time when hopes of moving towards political reform and accountable governments elsewhere in the Arab world have been dashed , Tunisia is the only country where the aspirations of the Arab uprisings may yet be fulfilled in the near future , " Anthony Dworkin of the European Council on Foreign Relations wrote at the time . On Saturday , The Economist declared Tunisia its "  country of the year . " "  The idealism engendered by the Arab spring has mostly sunk in bloodshed and extremism , with a shining exception : Tunisia , " the magazine wrote . " ... Its economy is struggling and its polity is fragile ; but Tunisia 's pragmatism and moderation have nurtured hope in a wretched region and a troubled world . Mabrouk , Tunisia ! "  "  Mabrouk " is a way of saying "  congratulations " in Arabic . Fast Facts : Tunisia The revolutions that spread throughout the Arab world began in Tunisia when a poor 26-year-old who could not find a job had a run-in with police and then set himself on fire in front of a government building in December 2010 . CNN 's Margot Haddad , Salma Abdelaziz and Kay Guerrero contributed to this report .	Tunisia 's historic elections are the sole point of hope for Arab democracy , analysts say The Economist names Tunisia "  country of the year " Long-time politician Beji Caid Essebsi beats outgoing President Moncef Marzouki
CNN  -- Two Amish girls , who were apparently abducted from a roadside farm stand in upstate New York , have been found and are safe , authorities said early Friday . An Amber Alert was issued late Wednesday in Oswegatchie for Delila Miller , 6 , and her sister , Fannie , 12 . They had been selling vegetables near their family farm , located about 50 miles southeast of the Canadian border . A witness told police the girls were tending to a customer who drove up in a white 4-door sedan and disappeared when the vehicle pulled away , according to the Amber Alert . Rhonda Wells , senior dispatcher for St. Lawrence County Sheriff , told CNN early Friday that the girls had been located and were safe . She declined to provide further details , saying a press release will be issued later Friday . The Amber Alert has been canceled . St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells had said Thursday at a news conference that multiple agencies were investigating leads called in by the public . Pictures of the girls were not available because members of the Amish community forbid photos of themselves , which they see as a violation of their religious beliefs . "  I would n't say it 's hindering the investigation , it 's just that it would be helpful " to have photos , Wells said . "  In the Amish world , photos are n't going to be available . " He said the Amish community "  is always cooperative with us and forthcoming , " Police late Thursday released a sketch of the older girl , Fannie , to help in the search . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : The two girls have been found and are safe , authorities tell CNN NEW : An Amber Alert issued late Wednesday has been canceled The girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate New York Multiple agencies were investigating leads turned in by the public
Budget Travel  -- We 've found 15 water parks in your own backyard . Before the dreaded "  are we there yet ? " echoes from the back seat , you 'll be in the parking lot . At Splish Splash in Long Island , New York , the most popular offerings pitch you into darkness . Wilderness Territory Waterpark Resort at Wisconsin Dells Near Madison , Wisconsin  55 miles The Wilderness Territory 's most popular ride is the Hurricane : Riders experience the eye of the storm as they rapidly descend through a four-story funnel . Flashes of lightning , rumbling thunder and drifting fog convey the sense of a full-blown natural disaster . Details : 511 E. Adams St. , Wisconsin Dells , Wisconsin , 800/867 -9453 , wildernessresort.com . Kids eat free with adult purchase . Other Wilderness locations : A new , 150-acre Wilderness resort in Sevierville , Tennessee . Other water parks in Wisconsin Dells : Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park and Noah 's Ark. . Kalahari Resort , Sandusky , Ohio Near Toledo , Ohio  60 miles Kalahari doubled the size of the park in December 2007 . The highlight is the Swahili Swirl . In a four-person inner tube , you 'll be ejected from a steep tube slide into a 60-foot-diameter bowl ; it 's a dizzying three times around before you 're sucked down the drain and dropped into a 50-foot-long landing pool . It 's like a really fun toilet bowl . To mellow out , relax under the 40,000-square-foot clear Texlon roof , which houses tropical plants and allows guests to catch sun year-round . Budget Travel : See the parks Details : 7000 Kalahari Dr. , Sandusky , 877/525 -2427 , kalahariresort.com . Look for "  Beat the Clock " lodging specials on the Web site . Other Kalahari locations : Wisconsin Dells , Wisconsin . And a new water-park resort is under development in Fredericksburg , Virginia . Geauga Lake 's Wildwater Kingdom , Geauga Lake , Ohio Near Cleveland , Ohio  25 miles Older children and teens flock to the 60-foot-tall , 253-foot-long Liquid Lightning tornado slide . The ride launches you -- at speeds of up to 24 mph -- from a tube slide into a giant funnel , before spitting you into the calm waters of the finishing pool . Tamer settings include the Splash Landing family activity center , with waterslides , soaker hoses , bubbling geysers and a raining umbrella , and Coral Cove , an activity pool with three basketball hoops and huge climbable animals . Details : 1100 Squires Rd. , Aurora , Ohio , 330/562 -8303 , wildwaterfun.com . Aquatica by SeaWorld , Orlando , Florida Near Tampa , Florida  85 miles The signature experience here is the Dolphin Plunge , 250 feet of clear underwater tubes that plunge riders into a lagoon populated by charismatic black-and-white Commerson 's dolphins . For a split second , you 'll feel as if you 're swimming with them . Aquatica 's attractions include something for everyone : 36 slides , six rivers and lagoons and more than 80,000 square feet of white-sand beaches . Details : 5800 Water Play Way , Orlando , 888/800 -5447 , aquaticabyseaworld.com . Daytona Lagoon , Daytona Beach , Florida Near Orlando , Florida  55 miles Daytona Lagoon 's most hair-raising experience is Blackbeard 's Revenge . After you climb the 62-foot tower and mount an inner tube , you 'll take a 15 mph , six-story tumble down a twisting , pitch-black tunnel slide . Do n't miss the brand-new Kraken 's Conquest , either : It 's a four-lane , 55-foot-long ProRacer-series speed slide . Friends and families can challenge each other to high-speed , watery showdowns . Details : 601 Earl St. , Daytona Beach , 386/254 -5020 , daytonalagoon.com . The park offers a different special each day ; for example , every Thursday you can get unlimited use of miniature golf , the carousel , and the rock-climbing wall from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. for $ 10 . Splash Island at Cypress Gardens , Winter Haven , Florida Near St. Petersburg , Florida  74 miles At the interactive water-play area , the towering Tikki Head -- basically a massive , dressed-up bucket -- dumps more than 300 gallons of water over bathers every few minutes . The variety in the surrounding Cypress Gardens theme park is impressive , too , with a concert venue , picturesque gardens and numerous animal exhibits . Details : 6000 Cypress Gardens Blvd. , Winter Haven , 863/324 -2111 , cypressgardens.com/splashIsland . Water World , Denver , Colorado Near Boulder , Colorado  30 miles The 67-acre Water World 's calling card is the Voyage to the Center of the Earth . Brave riders hop onto inner tubes and journey into the dark -- where they 're confronted by large , animatronic dinosaurs , including a 15-foot T. rex . If you 're scared of the dark , but not much else , the TurboRacer might be more your style : Jump headfirst onto toboggan mats and race your friends down four stories , eventually launching -- at more than 20 mph -- onto a straightaway to the finish line . Each rider 's time is recorded , so you can tell if you 're the fastest waterstud in Denver . Details : 1800 W. 89th Ave. , Federal Heights , Colorado , 303/427 -7873 , waterworldcolorado.com . Families can bring a picnic into the park ; parking is free . Gulf Islands Waterpark , Gulfport , Mississippi Near New Orleans , Louisiana  77 miles The most popular ride here is the Horn Island Blaster water roller coaster . The attraction ferries two riders at a time through more than 500 feet of twists and turns , including some thrilling uphill blasts at angles greater than 45 degrees . Families with young children might opt instead for the Ship Island Wreck , a slide for kids as young as 2 . Details : 13100 16th St. Gulfport , 866/485 -3386 , gulfislandswaterpark.com . Water Park of America , Bloomington , Minnesota Near Minneapolis/St . Paul , Minnesota  13 miles Given that it 's adjacent to the gargantuan Mall of America , it 's no wonder that the Water Park of America is a year-round attraction . The highlight is its mile-long indoor Whitewater Family Raft Ride , which propels riders over a river suspended 10 stories above the cars and trucks zipping along Interstate 494 . Other standouts include an immense video arcade and the Trillium Spa -- the latter for those who would prefer to skip the action . Details : 1700 American Blvd. . E. , Bloomington , 952/698 -8888 , waterparkofamerica.com . The Radisson , which connects to the park , offers packages that include tickets . Splish Splash , Long Island , New York Near New York City  73 miles The most popular offerings pitch you into darkness to up the thrill factor : Dragon 's Den , Barrier Reef , Hollywood Stunt Rider and the super popular Alien Invasion . The last ride begins by blasting your four-person raft down a steep slide before spinning it out of control and launching it into a dark pool . For raw intensity , try the Cliff Diver -- you 'll drop eight stories in three seconds . ` Nuff said . Details : 2549 Splish Splash Dr. , Calverton , N.Y. , 631/727 -3600 , splishsplashlongisland.com . Mountain Creek Waterpark , Vernon , New Jersey Near Trenton , New Jersey  89 miles Vertigo , a fully enclosed water coaster , cannons riders around tight curves in total darkness . Passengers on the park 's signature ride , High Anxiety , drop four stories in the dark before entering into a funnel at breakneck speed . Details : 200 Rte . 94 , Vernon , N.J. , 973/864 -8444 , mountaincreekwaterpark.com . Season-pass benefits include two bring-a-friend-for-free days and free parking . Raging Waters , San Jose , California Near San Francisco , California  50 miles The 23-acre Raging Waters includes the winding , 60-foot-long Blue Thunder/White Lightning tunnel slide , and the newest attention-grabber , Dragon 's Den , which catapults a two-person tube through darkness before a sudden , gut-wrenching drop into calmer waters . Details : 2333 S. White Rd. , San Jose , 408/238 -9900 , rwsplash.com . Other Raging Waters locations : San Dimas  near L.A.  and Sacramento , California ,  season passes are good for all three parks  . Parks nearby : Another option in nearby Irvine , California , is Wild Rivers . Wet 'n Wild Emerald Pointe , Greensboro , North Carolina Near Raleigh , North Carolina  78 miles Wet 'n Wild is well-known for its speed chutes like Daredevil Drop , with a hair-raising 76-foot plunge , and Double Barrel Blast , a ride which ends abruptly in midair -- launching you from a four-foot edge before you hit the pool . Contrary to its name , Wet 'n Wild also lets you skip the water altogether : The Skycoaster combines the thrills of bungee-jumping and hang gliding , allowing up to three people at a time to experience the sensation of flying without getting even a little soggy . Details : 3910 S. Holden Rd. , Greensboro , 336/852 -9721 , emeraldpointe.com . Wet 'n Wild offers various promotions throughout the summer , such as Home Educator 's Day  August 20  . Splashtown Waterpark , San Antonio , Texas Near Austin , Texas  80 miles The 20-acre Splashtown features more than 50 rides and attractions , from simple wave pools to true screamers , such as the five-story Hydras tube-slide tower and the aptly named Wedgie , a precipitous speed slide that tugs on your trunks like an 8th-grade bully as it fires you into the pool below . Details : 3600 N. I-35 , San Antonio , 210/227 -1400 , splashtownsa.com . Special events include magic shows and "  dive-in " movie screenings . Parking is free . Parks nearby : Other area parks include Schlitterbahn in New Braunfels , Texas . If you find yourself in Dallas , Bahama Beach is an option . Six Flags White Water , Atlanta , Georgia Near Athens , Georgia  73 miles The nine-story Cliffhanger is one of the world 's tallest free falls . It 's so high that just peeking over the top might be thrill enough . But the signature ride is the Tornado , an intense four-person inner-tube nosedive of greater than 50 vertical feet -- all while 5,000 gallons of water swirls around you . Details : 250 Cobb Pkwy N. , Marietta , Ga. , 770/948 -9290 , sixflags.com/whitewater . Other Six Flags locations : Six Flags has many Hurricane Harbor water parks adjacent to existing amusement parks ; locations include Gurnee/Chicago , Illinois ; Arlington , Texas ; Eureka , Missouri ; Jackson , New Jersey ; Valencia/Los Angeles , California ; Agawam , Massachusetts ; and Largo , Maryland . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Kalahari Resort in Sandusky , Ohio , doubled the size of the park in 2007 At Water World in Denver visitors can hop onto inner tubes and journey into the dark The Cliff Diver at Splish Splash in Long Island will drop daredevils eight stories
CNN  -- In 1947 , when AT&T was America 's only phone company , a woman called the company 's chief operator to protest a long-distance charge on her bill . She proved her house had been shuttered when the call was made , but the operator refused to reverse the charge . "  This is n't the end of this , you know , " she said . The operator replied , "  And where will you go ? " This week on the Gulf Coast , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , lashing out at BP 's failure to stop "  the biggest oil spill in human history , " threatened that BP had better produce or "  We 'll push them out . " The unspoken reply was , "  And where will you go ? " It was n't BP that contradicted Salazar , but , ironically , Coast Guard Commandant Adm. Thad Allen , who said , "  The private sector owns nearly all the means to deal with this problem and -LSB- to -RSB- fix the leak . " Big Government : Meet Even-Bigger Business . The far right likes to invoke Big Government like a bogeyman , a ghost to frighten the uninformed . But when they need Big Government they decry its absence . Bobby Jindal was trying to privatize much of Louisiana 's government services . Had his approach been applied nationwide , the Federal government would n't have the resources he 's demanding it use to save Louisiana 's coast . Can government get big and bloated ? Of course . But there 's a difference between starvation and a diet . What the right fails to acknowledge is that big business , by its nature , is a bully . And you do n't stop a bully by turning yourself into a 90 pound weakling . In fact , you may have to gain weight . Regardless , you have to exercise , changing pork to muscle . It 's going to take lots of muscle to truly hold BP responsible for the massive impact of its failure . President Obama has already deployed 1,105 vessels to contain the spill , but this massive flotilla is not a match for the estimated 798,000 gallons of oil spewing daily into the Gulf of Mexico . Residents of Louisiana and the Gulf Coast are understandably frustrated , but they , and all of us , need to remember who made the mess , and why . Obama 's Interior Department released a report that uncovered "  a culture of cronyism " between federal regulators and oil and gas executives , a "  culture " that dates , unsurprisingly , to the Bush administration . Now let 's be clear : This is BP 's fault , not Bush 's , no matter how complicit in the neglect . Rand Paul , expressing the Right 's "  business before people " philosophy , dismissed the preventable disaster as a case of "  accidents happen . " Well , unregulated big business is no accident , though it is a disaster . We know BP failed to follow federal mandates , environmental guidelines , engineering best practices and common sense . Now the Times-Picayune reports that hours before the explosion , BP sent home a team of experts hired to test the well 's cement lining -- without letting them perform the test that would have detected the problem . That is no accident . That 's what we in Cajun country call greed and arrogance . BP 's defiance of an EPA order to cease spraying a toxic dispersent and its attempt to buy out Gulf fishermen for $ 5,000 , is not only offensive , it 's downright criminal . The truth is , this is a huge mess , an environmental and personal disaster with no easy answers . Will the "  sand islands " sop up the oil ? Maybe , but at what cost elsewhere ? How long before the seafood and wildlife nurseries recover ? Who knows ? Seventeen years after Exxon Valdez , Alaska 's herring still are n't back , and that spill was a fraction of the size . What will be the impact on the lives and lifestyle of the Gulf fishers , and those whose livelihoods depend on them ? Guess , and guess again . Will the flood of oil erode the marshes and wetlands so far that the next hurricane makes landfall in Indianapolis ? Next time you hear the Big Government vs. Bigger Business stereotype , remember who 's cleaning up after whom . An Obama House Cleaning is ahead . And the bullies will be punished -- not just fines , but jail time is in order . President Obama needs to do more than clean the regulatory house and discipline Big Oil . He needs to institute preventive and compensatory measures : Prioritize the wetland and levee repair that should have come after Katrina ; expedite the oil and gas revenue sharing -- Louisiana ca n't wait seven years ; help the victims regain their livelihood . Give us daily briefings , President Obama , of what 's been done , what executive orders have been issued and what legislation is being passed . In short , make sure Big Government is big enough to keep Bigger Business in check . Or who knows what price we 'll pay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile says the oil spill shows need for a muscular government to control big business Brazile : Even "  Big Government " opponents are calling for more regulation Obama needs to thoroughly change rules on how oil industry should work , she says Brazile : "  Make sure Big Government is big enough to keep Bigger Business in check "
WIRED  -- Apple has traditionally held its ground as a premium computer manufacturer , but it might just be getting sucked into a recession-prompted price war . A worker helps a customer with a MacBook Pro laptop at an Apple store in San Francisco , California . The company 's recent MacBook price cuts signify its reluctant conformity to the economic downturn . At its Worldwide Developers Conference on Monday , Apple shaved hundreds of dollars off its MacBook models . The high-end , 15-inch MacBook Pros dropped from $ 2,000 to $ 1,700 . And the price of the unibody MacBook  now renamed the 13-inch MacBook Pro  fell from $ 1,300 to $ 1,200 . Apple 's most inexpensive MacBook , the lone white model , remains $ 1,000 . "  For a while they 've been ignoring what 's been happening in the economy , " said Richard Shim , an IDC analyst . "  This is an indication that they 're realizing that the first quarter did n't go as well as it has for them historically . I think this puts them closer in mind about what 's going on in the PC world . " Still , Apple has avoided making even deeper price cuts , thanks to the juicy profit margins already baked into its products , the availability of cheap components , and the fact that the company also makes money by selling apps and music to iPhone and iPod owners . All of these factors mean that Apple has room to comfortably trim prices even further , if it deems it necessary . For instance , the company dropped the price of its now low-end smartphone , the iPhone 3G , to just $ 100 with a two-year contract . But that cut does n't cost Apple as much as it might appear , given that the company still gets a carrier subsidy of several hundred dollars for each iPhone . Apple 's computers have historically been priced well above the average PC . However , Apple 's first quarter of 2009 market-share numbers suggest the company is struggling to compete as a premium brand name in the face of the economic recession . In the first quarter of 2009 , Apple 's U.S. notebook market share shrank 0.4 percent compared to the same quarter a year earlier , according to Shim . And in worldwide notebook market share , the company saw 0.3 percent growth compared to the first quarter of 2008 , Shim said . Additionally , Apple is likely hurting from its competitors ' aggressive pricing , cast into relief by Microsoft 's recent Laptop Hunters ad campaign , a BrandIndex survey indicates . The pseudo reality-TV commercials denounce Apple computers as too expensive and even implies Mac users are simple-minded snobs who buy gadgets as a fashion statement . As a result , Microsoft is detracting from Apple 's "  value " score by convincing a substantial number of consumers that they get less for their money by buying a Mac , according to the survey . By cutting its prices somewhat , Apple may also be seizing the opportunity to strike a blow against the netbook market . In 2008 , low-powered , budget netbook PCs saw rapid growth , driven by value-conscious consumers looking for a good deal . Apple has no netbook in its lineup , and has said it has no plans to create a netbook . Fortunately for Apple , netbook sales are seeing a significant slowdown in 2009 . In April , netbook manufacturers Acer , Asus and Micro Star International each reported fewer netbooks were sold than expected . Their netbook shipments for the first quarter of 2009 fell considerably below shipments during the third quarter of 2008 . Asus , for example , hoped to ship 1 million Asus Eee PC systems during the first quarter , but only 900,000 units sold . Thus , Apple 's MacBook price cuts are a strategic move to reclaim growth while the netbook market is shrinking . This move allows Apple to continue to avoid offering a netbook , which is wise , because an Apple netbook would have cannibalized MacBook sales , according to ThinkPanmure analyst Vijay Rakesh . With the reduced MacBook price tags , Rakesh expects Apple to see double-digit growth in notebook marketshare -- up to 20 percent -- in the third quarter of 2009 . Regardless , Apple 's MacBook price tags are still well above the cost of the average notebook -- $ 860 in the United States , according to Shim . Apple 's cheapest MacBook is anchored at $ 1,000 , and Apple could afford to bring it down even lower if it so chose . According to Tim Bajarin , principal analyst with Creative Strategies , Apple 's new pricing for its MacBook line and the price drop on its lightweight MacBook Air will not compromise much on its profit margins . "  They are not favoring market share over profitability in a big way , " Bajarin explained . "  They have already taken the pricing curve down on the unibody and chipsets , so they are building on those lower costs . " Will Apple deliver a mobile computer for the average Joe in terms of cost ? Perhaps so , in the form of a touchscreen tablet that many Apple enthusiasts are placing their bets on . Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster predicts such a device -- a blown-up iPod Touch , of sorts -- will land as soon as 2010 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Apple might just be getting sucked into a recession-prompted price war The company has shaved hundreds of dollars off its MacBook models Apple 's computers have historically been priced well above the average PC Apple 's MacBook price cuts are a strategic move to reclaim growth
The New York state 's health exchange website offers a slew of organizations in place to help people sign up for coverage . There 's just one problem : This week , the list included businesses whose owners have no idea how to give New Yorkers health insurance advice . "  I can fix your car , but I do n't think I can fix your health , " Marco Abad of Zambrand Auto Repair told CNN on Wednesday . Abad said they were surprised when their Brooklyn business started receiving calls yesterday about the Affordable Care Act . The health insurance marketplace opened on October 1 , providing a navigator with a 230-page list of agency locations and site schedules in New York state , including phone numbers to call with health insurance inquiries . The list intentionally includes details for places like coffee shops where , even if they 're not a place you 'd normally associate with health care , people can meet with advisers who can guide them toward a plan , New York state health department spokesman Bill Schwarz explained . Yet in some cases , addresses and phone numbers for such advisers were listed incorrectly , Schwarz said . In other cases , the information is correct but the "  navigator "  the person who can lead individuals through the health care process  did n't tell the proprietors of the listed meeting place about it . Either way , the state spokesman said these errors do n't appear to be pervasive or statewide . Even if they are fixed by week 's end , as Schwarz promised , the errors by then already will have caused plenty of headaches -- like for Gus Rodriguez , manager of Brooklyn Cupcake . He said his shop has received an additional 25 calls per day since the beginning of October -- just not because of an increased interest in their sweet confections . Apex Car and Limo Inc. manager Dmitry Rozalovsky told CNN they were confused by the Obamacare-related calls they received , but did n't put two and two together until members of the media showed up outside their Brooklyn location Wednesday . "  First , we thought it was kind of a joke , " Roxalovsky said . Bowery Pharmacy manager Patrick Wu said his establishment too has been getting calls . According to Wu , the Manhattan pharmacy usually gets two to three calls per day . But since October 1 , Wu said he 's personally answered more than 50 additional calls each day from New Yorkers inquiring about health insurance . At first , the callers are confused , but then get "  very frustrated " when they realize they 're not speaking to an Affordable Care Act navigator , Wu said . Wu , who filed a complaint with the New York State Department of Health , said he is also frustrated because the misguided phone calls distract him from the pharmacy 's business . "  They interrupt my work , " Wu said . Rodriguez said he informed the state health department about the mistake , but said they are still receiving the calls . On the bright side , Brooklyn Cupcake employees are hopeful the extra calls will result in more cupcake sales , he said . "  We ca n't help with Obamacare , but we 're pretty good with cupcakes around here ; so we do offer those in lieu of some health care options , " Rodriguez said , laughing .	The errors are n't pervasive or statewide , a state health spokesman says New York businesses unrelated to health care have gotten calls about Obamacare Calls result from incorrect list on New York state 's health exchange website A pharmacist on list has filed complaint after multiple calls per day
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Aides to then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales improperly considered political affiliations and ideologies in hiring , but Gonzales was unaware of those actions , according to results of an investigation released Monday by the Justice Department internal watchdog . The report cited White House liaison Monica Goodling as the key operative behind many of the political moves . The report provides no indication criminal laws were violated but cites illegal civil actions involving discrimination in hiring . Investigators , however , said no penalties are likely because the aides no longer work for the Justice Department . Monica Goodling , the White House liaison for the attorney general , was the key operative behind many of the politicized decisions involving career prosecutors and immigration judges , the report says . "  The evidence demonstrated that Goodling violated department policy and federal law and committed misconduct by considering political or ideological affiliations " in Justice Department appointments , the report says . Investigators found Gonzales was oblivious to what Goodling was doing . "  When we interviewed him , Gonzales stated that he was not aware at the time that Goodling used political factors in assessing candidates for career positions ... and was not even aware that Goodling 's portfolio in the Office of Attorney General included the hiring of immigration judges , " the report said . Gonzales ' attorney , George Terwilliger , issued a statement defending Gonzales ' lack of knowledge about the actions of his top aides . "  It 's simply not possible for any Cabinet officer to be completely aware of and micromanage the activities of staffers , particularly where they do n't inform him of what 's going on , " Terwilliger said . In a brief statement , Gonzales said , "  Political considerations should play no part in the hiring of career officials at the Department of Justice . " Goodling , who resigned from the Justice Department last year , may have jeopardized her ability to practice law . An official close to the investigation says state bar associations have inquired about Goodling 's actions , and could choose to take away her law license . The report says in one case Goodling discriminated against a female assistant U.S. attorney on the basis of her sexual orientation . Goodling 's attorney , John Dowd , had no comment on the report . The 140-page report represents the culmination of a yearlong investigation by the department 's inspector general and the Office of Public Responsibility , which monitors the conduct of Justice Department attorneys . Gonzales was among 85 individuals interviewed by investigators , but Goodling refused to be interviewed . Goodling 's only public comments were made in May 2007 before a House Committee , which granted her immunity from potential prosecution . In her testimony , Goodling admitted that some of her decisions "  may have been influenced in part based on political considerations . " Kyle Sampson , former chief of staff to Gonzales , also came in for criticism for considering politics in hiring , as did Goodling 's predecessors , Susan Richmond and Jan Williams , who served as White House liaison . Sampson 's attorney , Brad Berenson , said the report shows that in some cases Sampson interceded to prevent political considerations . "  With respect to  selection of  immigration judges , he believed in complete good faith that they were not career civil service positions and that political criteria could be taken into account , " Berenson said . When Sampson later learned he was incorrect , he supported correcting the process , he said . Former top White House official Karl Rove received only a passing mention in the report . Sampson noted Rove was a "  supporter " of a particular candidate who applied for a position as an immigration judge . The only individual cited for misconduct who remains with the Justice Department is John Nowacki , who told superiors Goodling had not used political affiliation to select candidates when he knew that she had done so . Nowacki , who is currently detailed to Iraq , could be subject to disciplinary action . Attorney General Michael Mukasey , who replaced Gonzales , promptly issued a statement saying he was "  disturbed " by the findings , and vowed to ensure that "  the conduct described in this report does not occur again at the department . " "  It is crucial that the American people have confidence in the propriety of what we do and how we do it , and I will continue my efforts to make certain they can have such confidence , " Mukasey said . Democratic leaders with oversight of the Justice Department said the report reflects widespread political excesses . "  It is now clear that these politically rooted actions were widespread and could not have been done without at least the tacit approval of senior department officials , " said Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , D-Michigan , said the report shows "  systematic violations of federal law . " "  The report also indicates that Monica Goodling , Kyle Sampson , and Alberto Gonzales may have lied to the Congress about these matters . I have directed my staff to closely review this matter and to consider whether a criminal referral for perjury is needed , " Conyers said . Lawyers for Goodling on Monday issued a statement rejecting Conyers ' assertion that she may have lied . "  In light of Ms. Goodling 's exceptional candor and cooperation , it is outrageous for Chairman Conyers ... to suggest that she ` may have lied to the Congress , ' " the lawyers said . The legal team , led by Washington attorney John Dowd , noted Conyers had twice thanked Goodling when she concluded her testimony for "  getting us closer to the truth of the serious matters we have been investigating . " The lawyers said Goodling admitted in testimony that she "  crossed the line " in considering political factors in hiring . Gonzales ' lawyer , George Terwilliger , similarly challenged Conyers for his suggestion of possible perjury and , in a letter to him , demanded he "  retract the suggestion . " The new report indicates its findings represent the second of four installments of the wide-ranging investigation of the politicization of the Justice Department . The two remaining reports , expected later this year , will focus on hiring in the Civil Rights Division and the results of the probe into the firing of several U.S. attorneys .	NEW : Ex-aide 's lawyers reject congressman 's suggestion that she may have lied NEW : Current attorney general calls report "  disturbing " Report : Ex-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales was unaware of politicized hirings Violations were civil in nature , not criminal , according to report
With the government shut down over a bitter partisan battle over the new health care law , the approval rating for Congress is plummeting to historic lows . And a CNN/ORC International poll released on Monday indicates that it 's not just Congress and its top leaders making history for all the wrong reasons . It 's also the tea party and the Democratic and Republican parties . According to the survey , just 10 % of Americans say they approve of the job Congress is doing , an all-time low in a CNN poll . And 87 % say they disapprove of the job federal lawmakers are doing , higher than it 's ever been in CNN polling . The 10 % approval rating in the new CNN survey , which was conducted Friday through Sunday , is down 10 percentage points from CNN 's previous survey at the beginning of the month . The 87 % disapproval rating is a jump of nine points from the first week in September . While Americans ' perception of the job Congress is doing has taken a hit , President Barack Obama 's approval rating -- well under 50 % -- has remained steady since earlier in the month . Forty-four percent of those questioned say they approve of the job Obama 's doing as president , with 53 % giving him a thumbs down . Those numbers are basically unchanged from the 45 % -52 % approval/disapproval rating in CNN 's previous survey . "  President Obama 's strong suit remains his personal qualities , with a 51 % majority still saying that he has the personality and leadership qualities a president should have , although that number is down six points from our last survey , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  But only 42 % say that he agrees with them on issues that matter most , while 54 % say they disagree with him on issues . " While the Democratic Party remains more popular with the public than the GOP , the CNN survey indicates that its favorable rating has taken a bigger hit since the spring . Forty-three percent of those questioned say they have a favorable view of the Democratic Party , with 52 % saying they see the Democrats in an unfavorable light . Those numbers are the reverse of where they stood in CNN polling in May when more respondents had a favorable view of the party than an unfavorable one . While the Democrats ' favorable rating dropped nine points , the GOP rating only edged down three points , from 35 % in May to 32 % now . More than six in 10 say they have an unfavorable view of the Republican Party . The Democratic and Republican unfavorable ratings are also all-time highs in CNN polling . The unfavorable numbers for the tea party movement are also at an all-time high in CNN surveys . Thirty-one percent say they see the tea party in a favorable light , while 54 % hold an unfavorable view of the of the movement now in its fifth year . The drive to overthrow the health care law , which was passed in 2010 when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress , is being fueled by GOP lawmakers voted into office the past two elections with the strong support of tea party activists and other grassroots conservatives . GOP congressman : It 's time to move on Meet the man behind the government shutdown CNN Fact Check : Obamacare The top leaders in the House and Senate are also taking a hit in the court of public opinion . House Speaker John Boehner and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , the two party leaders at the center of the budget negotiations that led to a shutdown , "  have become more unpopular since earlier this year , and both are facing the highest unfavorable ratings they have ever received in CNN polling , " Holland said . Only one in three have a favorable view of Boehner , with 48 % holding a negative view of the top Republican in the House . That 's an 11-point change since May , when 37 % had an unfavorable view of Boehner . Three in 10 say they have have a favorable view of Reid , with 45 % saying they see the top Democrat in the Senate in a negative light . Reid stood at 23 % -38 % favorable/unfavorable in CNN 's May survey . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell stands at 27 % / 39 % , with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at 37 % / 51 % . Despite his marathon Senate speech against Obamacare last week , freshman GOP Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas is still an unknown to many Americans . A very long speech : How Ted Cruz did it According to the poll , 30 % have a favorable view of him , 36 % have an unfavorable view . Just over one in three do n't know enough about him to form an opinion . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International between September 27 and 29 , with 803 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .	Just 10 % of those surveyed in new CNN poll say they approve of job Congress is doing Poll shows Democratic Party 's approval rating takes bigger hit than GOP 's House leader Boehner and Senate leader Reid 's approval numbers also tumble
CNN  -- The King of Country Music is once again king of the country road . George Strait had the highest ticket sales of any country music tour in 2014 , according to a new list released by StubHub , and he was second only to British pop sensation One Direction overall . Luke Bryan comes in behind his fellow country troubadour at Number Three on the ticket resale website 's year-end list , topping Justin Timberlake at Number Four . "  I do n't think we realize how huge country music is , " StubHub executive Glen Lehrman tells Ad Week . "  Traditionally , we think of pop music as the one that is going to drive the most interest in ticket sales  $ " your Beyonce , Katy Perry , Lady Gaga ... . George Strait did n't do that many dates , but his last concert ever was by far one of the biggest events we had in 2014 . " That final Strait show , at AT&T Stadium in Arlington , Texas  home of the Dallas Cowboys  , was attended by 104,793 fans . It set the record for the largest indoor concert ever in North America , topping a previous attendance record set by the Rolling Stones in 1981 . The star-studded show  surprise guests included Miranda Lambert , Faith Hill and Eric Church  marked the end of Strait 's illustrious , 33-year touring career , but retirement is still a four-letter word . The country icon has promised at least five more albums of all-new material in the coming years . As for Bryan 's spot on StubHub 's list , Billboard begs to differ : It places his 2014 touring at Number One among country treks but 14th overall . It lists Strait as Number 16 , and agrees that One Direction was the top-grossing touring artist of the year . Bryan , the reigning CMA Entertainer of the Year , had 1.7 million fans attend his shows this year  $ " numbers combined from three different trips : the That 's My Kind of Night Tour , the Farm Tour , and the Spring Break 2014 Tour . "  We 've played all types of shows this year , " says Bryan . "  It 's just as exciting to play for smaller capacity crowds during a two-day run in the very northern point of Canada as it is to 60,000 screaming fans at the stadiums shows ... or to the first-time fan who may have never been to a concert until the Farm Tour came to their small rural community . " StubHub is expecting big numbers in 2015 from a different crop of touring  or rumored-to-be-touring  artists : Adele , Coldplay , Foo Fighters , Taylor Swift and U2 . Read the original story at Rolling Stone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Strait had the highest country music tour sales His final show was attended by over 100,000 fans StubHub is expecting big numbers in 2015
On Friday the U.S. State Department issued a worldwide travel alert because of an unspecified al Qaeda threat . The location of that threat , the department said in a bulletin , is "  particularly in the Middle East and North Africa , and possibly occurring in or emanating from the Arabian Peninsula . " As a result , an unprecedented 22 embassies and consulates in 17 countries in the Middle East , North Africa and South Asia closed for a day on Sunday . Sunday is also the 27th day of Ramadan and a particularly holy day for the world 's Muslims as it is the "  Night of Power , " when the first verses of the Koran were revealed to the Prophet Mohammed . It is also seen by al Qaeda 's would-be martyrs as a particularly auspicious day to die . On the Night of Power in 2000 , which that year fell on January 3 , al Qaeda militants attempted to launch a suicide attack against the American warship USS The Sullivans off the coast of Yemen with a bomb-filled boat . That attack failed , but the same group of militants then attacked the USS Cole 10 months later , again using the tactic of a bomb-laden boat , which exploded , killing 17 American sailors . Is rash of brazen prison breaks related ? It was the day after the Night of Power in December 2001 that Osama bin Laden signed his will as he feared death from American bombs falling during the battle of Tora Bora in eastern Afghanistan . Al Qaeda and aligned organizations have a long history of attacking U.S. embassies and consulates , beginning in 1998 with the bombings of the embassies in Tanzania and Kenya , which killed more than 200 , and including , most recently , the storming of the U.S. government facility in Benghazi , Libya , on the 11th anniversary of 9/11 last year . For al Qaeda , these diplomatic compounds are attractive targets because they symbolize American power and because their locations are widely known . Indeed , several of the embassies and consulates closed on Sunday have been attacked by al Qaeda and affiliated groups before . In Saudi Arabia , militants breached the outer wall of the U.S. consulate in Jeddah on December 7 , 2004 , killing five . The U.S. embassy in Sana'a , Yemen , was targeted by an al Qaeda affiliate two times in 2008 , attacks that killed 21 . On September 13 , 2011 , the Haqqani network , a Taliban group closely associated with al Qaeda , attacked the U.S. Embassy in Kabul , killing five Afghan police officers and 11 civilians . Though U.S. officials have not confirmed the targeting of a specific embassy , it is likely that the American compound in Cairo is a particular point of concern . In May , three men were arrested by Egyptian officials , who said the men were planning to attack the embassy . Officials said they discovered 22 pounds of aluminum nitrate , instructions on how to make bombs , and materials published by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , the network 's North African affiliate . Another possible factor in the timing of the al Qaeda alert is that in the past two weeks , massive jailbreaks in Iraq and Libya have released more than a thousand prisoners , some with significant ties to al Qaeda . Very few of those inmates have been recaptured . The U.S. embassies in Baghdad , Iraq , and Tripoli , Libya , are among the facilities that will be closed on Sunday . Note : An earlier version of this story misstated the timing of Osama bin Laden 's will signing .	Bergen , Cahall : U.S. issued global travel alert , 21 embassies , consulates close Aug. 4 That day is Ramadan ` Night of Power , ' also seen by al Qaeda as good night for martyrdom They say night of power has brought earlier terror attacks ; embassies a favored target Writers : Target may be Egypt , where earlier attack aimed ; jailbreaks may also be factor
CNN  -- Variable wind , thunderstorms and the loss of 35 helium-filled balloons within a few hours of liftoff put an end to the flight of two lawn-chair-seated adventurers who never got out of Oregon . Kent Couch and Fareed Lafta , who had hoped to reach northwest Montana by Sunday , landed late Saturday afternoon southeast of Prineville , Oregon , team officials said . iReport : Watch the balloon adventure lift off The men were disappointed but not injured , flight spokesman Mark Knowles told CNN . "  They 're a little rattled , " said Knowles . "  We are glad that they are safe . Kent is very disappointed they did not get what he set out for . " Couch and Lafta , seated side-by-side in a specially built rig , went aloft at Couch 's service station in Bend , Oregon . But within a few hours , about 35 of the large 350 helium-filled balloons had burst , said Knowles . That compared to the loss of six balloons lost in a previous Couch flight to Idaho . Couch and Lafta , an Iraqi , released water stored in four containers as ballast so they could adjust their altitude , said Lance Schliep , a member of the chase crew . At about 11,000 feet , the craft struggled to reach higher elevations , where it could catch air currents that would push it toward its destination , said Schliep . That never happened . The pair circled for three hours near Prineville , about 35 miles northeast of Bend . "  Unless the wind starts taking them somewhere at this point they wo n't break distance records , " Schliep told CNN before the decision to land . The weather then became a larger factor as thunderstorms moved in . "  Fareed said it was hailing and snowing on them , " said Schliep . "  They got real concerned about that . They wanted to get down . " After attempting a first landing , the balloonists brought their craft down in a farmer 's field . Schliep , who operates an appliance service in Bend , helped Couch construct the rig . "  We would put it together , keep making changes and take it apart , " he said . "  It was very exciting and fun to do . It 's just disappointing at this stage . " The flyers used balloons and the release of water to control their flight . "  The only way you can steer it is to get up or down to get in different air currents , " according to Schliep . After the rough landing Saturday , the rig took off again , sans adventurers . Knowles described the surreal sight while talking with CNN . "  It 's sitting at about 4,000  feet  and not going anywhere , " he said . According to the team 's website , Lafta and Couch plan to launch a cluster balloon craft to raise awareness of the plight of Iraqi orphans later this year . Knowles said he did not know the status of the Baghdad flight .	Two flyers are "  rattled " but unharmed Lawn chair balloon flight takes off from Bend , Oregon Two men had hoped to reach northwestern Montana They had to end flight after balloons burst and wind and storms rolled in
CNN  -- "  Plastics deliver bountiful benefits to you and your world , " exclaims the SPI web site , the online home of the U.S. plastics industry trade association . If it seems a bit over the top , imagine your life and "  your world " without plastics . Even die-hard steampunk fans might have second thoughts about a plastic-free existence . As just one small example , imagine what a take-away meal would be like : Served on a real plate with cutlery , carried in a wooden box hammered together with nails . Perhaps that 's a bit extreme , but you can be sure without plastics a "  spork " would never have made the impact it has in your life . The SPI then are right to gush ; plastics have done much to improve our lot , but plastics also have a dark side . They have become the scourge of the environment with plastics bags and bottles filling up landfills , littering streets and the manufacture of plastics polluting the environment with hazardous chemicals and endangering health . Some plastics are worse than others when it comes to leaving a mark on the environment , but an increasing number of them can be recycled . One common misconception when it comes to plastics is that the number displayed in a little triangle of arrows means it can be recycled . It actually denotes what type of plastic the material is made of . Most countries have recycling schemes that can easily recycle plastics with the numbers 1 , 2 , 5 and 6 . Plastics with number 3 , 4 and 7 are much harder to recycle . Som experts believe there are also some health concerns about chemicals leaking from plastic containers with the numbers 3 , 6 and 7 . The chemicals could leach into food or drink if used for a long time or heated . Plastics with numbers 1 , 2 4 and 5 are safe to contain food and drink . One chemical that has expert worries and can be present in plastics with the number 7 is bisphenol A  BPA  . Some scientists have claimed BPA can be a hormone disruptor and lead to illnesses such as cancer and impaired childhood development . Last year Canada became the first country to ban baby bottles that contain BPA . View the explainer and find out what each number means .	Number on plastic products denotes what type of plastic it is Most plastics can be recycled , but some create hazardous chemicals in production Every ton of plastic bottles recycled saves around 3.8 barrels oil , according to SPI
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian police have arrested two more suspects and are looking for two others in the reported gang rape of a female photographer in Mumbai , authorities said . One person had been arrested earlier Saturday . The alleged rape of the 23-year-old woman in the financial hub of Mumbai on Thursday is the latest shocking sexual assault to make headlines in the South Asian nation . The unidentified victim and a male colleague were on assignment in the area for a print publication when some of the men approached them , according to Mumbai police commissioner Satypal Singh . The two had walked from a train station to a nearby mill , the woman said in a statement released by police . Two people approached them , then a third came in , claiming to be a railway employee and saying , "  Our boss has seen you taking photos , you will have to come with us . " According to the woman , this third man refused to let her talk to his boss , instead leading them away . Then , sometime near the exit , one of the accused pointed at the photojournalist 's colleague as being responsible for a killing in that location a few days ago . "  I pleaded with them to let us go , but they shouted at me and threatened me , " the woman said . She and her colleague were taken further inside the mill complex . There , they offered their camera and phone , begging to be let go . Instead , "  they tied my friend 's hands with  a  belt " as two others joined the group , the woman said . "  Three people stayed with my friend , and the two took me behind a wall , " she added . That 's where the attack allegedly occurred -- even as the victim said her mother called her phone multiple times , before one of the men switched it off . The woman said she was threatened with , among other things , sharp pieces of a broken beer bottle . Police have since released sketches of all five suspects . The victim was in stable condition at a local hospital , The attack rocked Mumbai residents , who consider their city safer than the capital , New Delhi . According to the National Crime Records Bureau , 221 rape cases were reported in Mumbai in 2012 . But figures provided by the government show that there has been a rape reported to police every day in Mumbai between January and March . The average number of reported rapes in a month in 2013 in the city rose to 30.33 , from 19.25 in 2012 . Delhi Police said the number of reported rapes in the capital had jumped from 179 for the first 3 1/2 months of last year to 463 for the same period this year . A rise in the number of rapes reported does not necessarily mean that more are being committed . It may be that recent high-profile cases have encouraged women to come forward with complaints . The case mirrors the December gang rape and death of a 23-year-old university student in the Indian capital . The victim later died at a hospital in Singapore , sparking an outcry that quickly grew to include widespread concerns about women 's safety and inequalities , triggering demonstrations in various cities . In response , the nation 's lawmakers have introduced tougher laws and punishments for sexual crimes and harassment . Despite such action , frequent episodes of sexual violence are reported in India . Across India , 24,923 cases of rape were reported last year , according to the National Crime Records Bureau . Journalist Dharmesh Thakkar contributed to this report from Mumbai , and CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : Victim says she and her colleague were approached in a mill compound NEW : As her friend was tied up , she says she was taken behind a wall and assaulted Police say the photographer was attacked in a deserted area of Mumbai India has seen multiple high-profile sexual violence cases since a New Delhi gang rape
CNN  -- Eight more employees from the Utah Department of Workforce Services are being questioned in connection with a leaked list containing personal information of 1,300 alleged illegal immigrants , Dave Lewis , a department spokesman , said Monday afternoon . He said that makes a total of 10 employees questioned , including the two placed on administrative leave last week . Investigators are interviewing employees who have had access to certain cases "  for legitimate business reasons , " he said . "  We want to give them the opportunity to explain work they 're doing . " Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday that he expects to launch a formal investigation into the data leak very soon . He said he was awaiting the names of at least two suspects from the state 's executive branch . Lewis said the investigators ' goal is to get all the interviews done Monday and he believed the suspects ' names would be delivered to the attorney general later in the day . By early Monday afternoon , the Department of Workforce Services ' general counsel had been in touch with the attorney general 's office to bring lawyers there up to speed , Lewis said . Earlier Shurtleff said , "  It 's important we get to the bottom of it immediately . We have condemned ... the dissemination , the use , the purpose of the list in the strongest possible terms and we do believe that action needs to be swift . " "  People have to have confidence in their government that those records will be protected . " he said . The list was anonymously distributed last week to media and government offices across the state , CNN affiliate KSTU-TV reported . An accompanying letter from "  Concerned Citizens of the United States " insisted that those on the list should be deported immediately . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert told CNN 's John King on Friday night that the 1,300 people have Hispanic names . Shurtleff said the alleged crimes may have broken both state and federal privacy laws , and some may have been felonies , so if appropriate , it could be a multi-level investigation . He added that crimes may have been committed not only in generating and preparing the list , but also in how the list was used . Some of the alleged illegal immigrants listed have reported harassment since their names appeared on the list . "  Clearly , it 's not even meant as a blacklist . It 's more like a hit list . It is , I think , to put people at fear , to terrorize , to get people mobilized to do things . The fact is , the names on that list are also innocent until proven guilty and we 're finding that some of those names ... are here legally , " Shurtleff said . The Utah Department of Workforce Services said Friday it had identified at least two employees believed to be involved in creating the 29-page list . "  At this point we do n't think it was a very large conspiracy . We think it was two , maybe . We have suspicion of a couple of more people , a very small group , " said Kristen Cox , the department 's executive director . The state focused on the Department of Workforce Services , Herbert 's office said Thursday , because all of the information on the list -- including contact information , Social Security numbers and pregnancy due dates -- is contained within that agency 's database . Those named on the list are even more frightened , Jesus Ramos with the Utah Coalition of La Raza said last week . "  For these 1,300 people , unfortunately , that fear has escalated , " he said . "  There 's an arrest warrant out , essentially . That fear never goes away . " Herbert said Friday , "  Some are scared and apprehensive . I understand that . I expect that comes with the status of being illegal . If I was in the country illegally , I would probably have fear and apprehension , too . " Shurtleff said Monday it 's time to put aside rhetoric and work on a solution to the immigration issue . Herbert has plans to bring together what he called a "  spectrum " of viewpoints , some "  diametrically opposed , " for a round-table discussion on immigration reform in Utah on Tuesday . "  We see what 's happened in Arizona , " he said Friday . "  So Utah , like other states right now , are saying if the federal government is not going to do something , we will take steps to do something ourselves within the parameters of the law . It may mean creating  a  new law . " CNN 's Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report	NEW : Utah questioning eight more Dept. of Workforce Services employees AG Mark Shurtleff says the investigation into potential crimes "  needs to be swift " He says the list is "  like a hit list ... to put people at fear , to terrorize " Utah Gov. Gary Herbert plans immigration round-table meeting for Tuesday
Russian freestyle skier Maria Komissarova has undergone more than six hours of surgery after breaking her back during a training run at the Winter Games in Sochi , the Russian Freestyle Federation spokesman said Saturday . Komissarova , 23 , fractured a vertebra and dislocated her spine when she crashed at the PSX Olympic skicross venue at Rosa Kuhtor , federation spokesman Mikhail Vezhba told the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . "  The operation lasted 6 1/2 hours , and it was successful , " Vezhba said . "  We 'll know more about the details later . " A source close to the situation earlier told the Russian news agency that Komissarova 's condition was too serious to transfer her to Moscow . The skier was reportedly in "  unbearable " pain when she was rushed to the hospital , the news agency reported . Komissarova placed second in a World Cup event in 2012 but was not considered a medal contender in Sochi . She injured her leg last year , requiring surgery and keeping her off the slopes for almost six months . Russian President Vladimir Putin visited with Komissarova in the hospital , news channel Russia-24 reported . Footage showed Putin meeting with the skier , who was on a ventilator , in the hospital . He patted her head as he spoke .	Maria Komissarova is on a ventilator , Russian TV reports Komissarova broke her back during training The decision was made to operate immediately She was training for the ski-cross competition
CNN  -- Two students from the University of Texas at El Paso were shot and killed Tuesday night in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , Chihuahua state investigators said late Wednesday . The students , identified as Manuel Acosta Villalobos , 25 , and Eder Diaz Sotero , 23 , were gunned down in a hail of more than 30 bullets while driving a Nissan Sentra with Texas plates , Chihuahua State police spokesman Arturo Sandoval said . "  I have confirmed that Eder was from the United States and was a U.S. citizen . The other boy was a Juarez native , " Sandoval said . The university president , Diana Natalicio , issued a statement about the slayings that was published by The Prospector , the school 's student-run newspaper , on its website . "  Our hearts are heavy today with the news of the deaths of UTEP students Manuel Acosta and Eder Diaz . We offer our deepest condolences to the families and friends of these two men as they deal with the tragic loss of their loved ones , " Natalicio said . The Prospector identified Acosta as a senior computer information systems major and Diaz as a sophomore sophomore pre-business major . The Prospector also said that two other university students were killed in violence in Juarez on May 25 .	One was U.S. citizen , the other a native of Juarez , police say Two other university students killed in similar violence earlier this year
Crowded by sign-wielding supporters , former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich made what 's expected to be his final speech before he heads to Colorado to start a 14-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction . "  This is the hardest thing I 've ever had to do , " he told the crowd . "  But this is the law and we follow the law . " Blagojevich was convicted of corruption in June 2011 after a jury returned 17 guilty verdicts against him . Among other allegations , he was accused of trying to profit as he considered whom to appoint to take Barack Obama 's open Senate seat . Blagojevich called his impending prison stint a "  dark and hard journey , " and said he should have been more humble . "  We are so grateful and will never ever forget your kindness to us , " he told the crowd , which occasionally chanted slogans such as "  Free our Governor . " His wife , Patti , remained cinched under his arm , squeezing back tears as the former governor spoke outside his Chicago home . "  This , as bad as it is , is part of a long and hard journey that will only get worse before it gets better , " Blagojevich said , telling his wife that he loved her . His prison stint begins Thursday . "  Governor Blagojevich has always stood up and stood tall . He has n't hid . And he has truly enjoyed being out in public . He never considered ` sneaking ' out of Chicago and miss an opportunity to say goodbye , " his spokesman Glenn Selig said earlier . "  It 's difficult to put into words the challenges he and his family now face . But he draws strength from the incredible support he continues to receive from the people of Illinois and beyond . " Blagojevich 's past statements have been noteworthy for their bluster , such as a defiant news conference in April 2010 when he called his accusers "  liars " and "  cowards " and directly challenged a prosecutor . Blagojevich also accused U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald of hiding taped evidence that would prove his innocence during that news conference . "  I challenge Mr. Fitzgerald ... Why do n't you show up in court tomorrow and explain to everybody , explain to the whole world why you do n't want the tapes that you made played in court ? " Blagojevich said to reporters at the time . "  I 'll be in court tomorrow . I hope you 're man enough to show up , " he added , referring to Fitzgerald . Prosecutors said court-authorized wiretaps caught Blagojevich offering Obama 's Senate seat in exchange for personal gain , including a job with a nonprofit or union organization , corporate board posts for his wife , campaign contributions or a post in Obama 's administration . He expressed frustration , according to prosecutors , that Obama transition officials were "  not willing to give me anything except appreciation . " "  I 've got this thing and it 's  expletive  golden , and , uh , uh , I 'm just not giving it up for  expletive  nothing . I 'm not gon na do it , " prosecutors quoted Blagojevich as saying . Blagojevich also considered appointing himself to the post , mulling whether he might be better off being indicted as a senator rather than governor , and saying contacts he would make in the federal job would benefit him later , according to prosecutors . Aside from the charges of trying to sell the Senate seat , prosecutors also accused Blagojevich of using his position to obtain financial benefits for himself , his family and his campaign in exchange for jobs , contracts and appointments to state boards to supporters . They accused Blagojevich of accelerating the scheme in 2008 to accumulate funds before a new state ethics law would have limited his ability to raise money from people and companies that were doing business with the state . Despite months of professing his innocence in impromptu news conferences , on Twitter and even on Donald Trump 's show "  Celebrity Apprentice , " the ousted Illinois governor did not take the stand in his own defense during his trial .	Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich says goodbye "  This is the hardest thing I 've ever had to do , " he tells crowd of supporters On Thursday he begins serving a 14-year sentence on a corruption conviction
CNN  -- If there 's one thing better than snooping around a stranger 's home , it 's snooping around a stranger 's home without being arrested . This weekend in London , there 's a rare chance to do just this with more than 800 normally-closed landmarks , including architecturally interesting family houses , throwing wide their doors to the public . It 's all part of Open House London , an annual event now in its 22nd year that lets thousands of people wander around and gawp at some of the city 's most impressive buildings -- as well as some lesser known gems . Often there 's also a chance to meet and chat to the architect -- and it 's all free . The weekends have proved so successful , they 've been adopted by 24 cities around the world , including Melbourne , Buenos Aires and Oslo . Open House Worldwide scatters its events across the calendar , potentially allowing globetrotting architecture addicts to hit several in the space of a few weeks . Following London 's September 20-21 showcase , October sees New York follow suit , alongside other destinations such as Lisbon , Dublin , Chicago , Barcelona and Thessaloniki in Greece . This year 's big draws in London are expected to be some of its tallest skyscrapers -- among them the gherkin-shaped 30 St. Mary Axe and another giant known as the Cheesegrater . Churches , cinemas , theaters , colleges , government buildings and subterranean top secret wartime bunkers are also included . There are also numerous homes , including one of the country 's most recognizable -- the Prime Minister 's residence at 10 Downing Street . Definitely worth a snoop .	London 's Open House Weekend throws open doors to 800 properties Among them are landmark skyscrapers such as the "  Gherkin " tower Open House weekends are now held in 20 cities around the globe
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Shweta Gupta knows exactly what kind of groom she wants : he should be educated , well settled and live in a good location -- one that must be in India . Indian brides and grooms from the Adivasi tribe take part in a mass marriage ceremony . Love may be recession proof in India , but arranged marriages are not . One of the casualties of the global economic slowdown is the Non Resident Indian  NRI  groom . They were once considered premium marriage material . After all , these were the men who had typically studied hard , gotten top jobs in the West , earned big bucks and could whisk their wives away to better opportunities in the West . Not anymore . "  Yeah , I hate to say it but the NRI man seems to be out of favor with the Indian woman , " said Gaurav Rakshit of Shaadi.com , a matrimonial search engine used by 14 million people globally . He has seen demand for NRI grooms drop by around 20 to 30 percent since the recession hit . Why ? Shweta Gupta , a 23-year-old student , has an answer . "  Many Indians working abroad have come back due to recession hitting foreign countries and I do n't think recession has affected India that much , " said said . She believes there is greater job security in India , so would prefer her husband to be based here . Her mother , who is involved in finding a suitable man for her daughter , agreed . "  Suppose there is no job security , then again he would have to come to India , then again he would have to find a job for himself , so I would prefer both of them to be here . Plus , I want my daughter to be close to me , " said Shraddha Gupta . Arranged marriages are still the norm in India and parents play an active role in choosing a life partner for their children . Traditionally , parents will let friends know that they are on the lookout for a partner for their child . Sometimes , they go to a marriage broker -- a middleman who keeps a stash of resumes and photos of eligible men and women whose families have registered with them . As Indians get more tech savvy , more people are taking their search for partners online . Matrimonial Web sites are popular since they offer a much bigger pool of potential life partners . Shweta Gupta is currently pursuing an MBA in Mumbai and is confident of getting good job offers in India -- another reason she would not want to risk that by going abroad . "  As the woman finds her voice in Indian society , a part of the trend is defined by her unwillingness to compromise on where she grew up , the kind of person she wants to be with , the value system she wants to associate with , " Rakshit said . Women in India are comfortable with the opportunities they have at home and do n't feel they need to go abroad to have a better life . As a result , NRI men are out . So , who is in ? Well , government employees , who are typically thought to hold more stable jobs . Shaadi.com said demand was up around 45 percent since last year for men with these jobs . Also in favor now : working wives -- a departure from the tradition of Indian men choosing only homemakers . Anish Sapra , 27 , has been looking for a bride for around ten months -- and he wants a working woman . "  It will be a help -- more than a help -- to have a working partner , " he said . "  Not just for financial reasons , " he added noting that he believes he would have more in common with such a wife . A wife with a job could help pay off some of the wedding bills , too . Indian marriages are typically large and flamboyant affairs , though the slowdown means they are somewhat subdued these days . That is one tradition Shweta Gupta wo n't give up . She is holding out for a grand wedding with lots of singing and dancing -- she just has to find Mr. Right . "  My marriage should be fun , it should be remembered by all people , " she said .	Arranged marriages are still the norm in India Typically families sought Indians working overseas as good marriage material With recession hitting the West hard , Indians are looking inward for suitors Women in India are more comfortable today with the opportunities they have at home
Health.com  -- Middle-aged men who take steps to improve their heart health by eating better , getting more exercise , or taking cholesterol-lowering drugs may end up improving their sex lives as well , according to a new analysis of existing research . Nearly 1 in 5 men in the U.S. has difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection , a condition known as erectile dysfunction  ED  . The new study , which appears this week in the Archives of Internal Medicine , suggests that ED drugs such as Viagra are n't the only solution and are n't always enough to address the problem , says coauthor Dr. Stephen Kopecky , M.D. , a cardiologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . "  If you do take care of your lifestyle -- eating right , exercising , losing weight -- you respond much better to the Viagra , the Levitra , the Cialis , " Kopecky says . By the same token , he adds , if these drugs become less effective "  that should be a sign that ... you need to take care of your lifestyle . ' " Health.com : 7 ways to treat erectile dysfunction ED is troubling enough by itself , but to make matters worse it 's also a known harbinger of heart disease . The arteries in the penis that expand during an erection can become weakened and clogged with cholesterol in the same way as the arteries that surround the heart . This is why ED often shows up three to five years ahead of life-threatening cardiovascular problems such as heart attack or stroke , especially in younger men , Kopecky says . "  The common denominator is blood flow , " he explains . "  If you look at a guy in his 40s who has erectile dysfunction and then you compare -LSB- him -RSB- to another guy in his 40s who does n't have erectile dysfunction , the guy with ED is about 50 times more likely to have heart disease . " Despite this well-established link , there has been little research into whether addressing risk factors for heart disease  such as unhealthy cholesterol numbers  can also reverse ED . The studies that have been conducted have been relatively small and have looked at a single location , which means they may not apply to the population as a whole , Kopecky and his colleagues say . Health.com : 10 heart-healthy rules to live by To clarify the effect of heart-healthy lifestyle changes on ED , the researchers combed through the medical literature for placebo-controlled clinical trials in which men with ED modified their lifestyles or began taking cholesterol-lowering statin medications . The analysis was funded entirely by the Mayo Clinic . In the end they focused on six studies that included a total of 740 men and were conducted in the U.S. , Italy , Nigeria , and Iran . In all of the studies , which ranged in length from two months to two years , heart healthy regimens and better cholesterol numbers were associated with modest but measurable improvements on a survey that rates erectile function on a scale from 5 to 25 . The average improvement in sexual function seen in the pooled studies was three points , one point shy of the threshold experts consider "  clinically important . " For some men , especially those with more persistent cases of ED , a change of that magnitude would be negligible . For those with mild or occasional ED , however , it would translate into noticeable improvements in sexual function , the researchers say . Health.com : Erectile dysfunction ? Try losing weight Dr. Kevin Billups , M.D. , an associate professor of urology at the University of Minnesota , in Minneapolis , says that the close relationship between heart health and sexual function "  has n't become the public health message that it should be . " Doctors and other experts need to do a better of job of informing the public that a healthier heart often means better erections , adds Billups , who studies the link between heart health and erectile function but did not participate in the new research . "  That 's the first thing I talk about with all the guys that come in now , " he says , referring to the ED patients he sees in his urology practice . " ` Are you watching your diet ? What kind of exercise program are you on ? ' Just putting these men on the ED medications ... probably is n't enough to get optimal results . " Health.com : The best foods for your heart Even if they 're told that it may improve their ED , getting men to change their lifestyle and lose weight is no easy task , Kopecky says . He stresses , however , that even small and simple lifestyle changes -- such as eating at least five servings of fruits and veggies daily -- can make a big difference . But the "  real key " is exercise , Kopecky says . Just 10 minutes of vigorous exercise three times a week "  does a whole lot to improve your heart function -LSB- and -RSB- blood vessel function , " he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Nearly 1 in 5 men in the U.S. has difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection Erectile dysfunction is also a known harbinger of heart disease Doctors should inform the public of this connection , researchers say Exercise is key for heart health and blood vessel function
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has launched three astronauts into orbit for the country 's fifth and longest crewed mission in its burgeoning space exploration program . The Shenzhou 10 spaceship and its launcher , a Long March-2F rocket , blasted off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in the Gobi Desert on Tuesday . It will dock with the Tiangong-1 space module and the crew will transfer supplies to the space lab , which has been in orbit since September 2011 . During the 15-day mission , the crew will master the rendezvous and docking capabilities that are essential for the operation of a manned space platform . "  The functionality , performance , and coordination of all systems will be evaluated during this mission , " Wu Ping , a spokesperson for China 's Manned Space Program , told a news conference on Monday . Humans in space She added that another main objective of the mission was to test technologies related to the construction of a space station , as China seeks to establish a long-term human presence in space . China has stepped up the pace of its space program since first sending astronaut Yang Liwei into orbit in 2003 . In 2012 , it conducted 18 space launches , according to the Pentagon . The most recent manned mission last year carried its first female astronaut and was the first to make a manual docking with the space module . The crew for this mission will also include a woman , Wang Yaping , and two male astronauts , Nie Haisheng and Zhang Xiaoguang . "  These longer duration missions and space dockings are essential practice for any kind of long-term , more permanent presence in space or a mission to , say , the moon , " said Dean Cheng , a research fellow at the Washington-based Heritage Foundation . Timeline : China 's race into space Growing power China 's march into space underscores the country 's growing financial and military clout and has unsettled some Western observers . A 92-page report on Chinese military development released by the Pentagon last month highlighted the advances in China 's space capabilities . "  China is developing a multi-dimensional program to improve its capabilities to limit or prevent the use of space-based assets by adversaries during times of crisis or conflict , " the report said . A spokeswoman for China 's manned space missions said last year the program would cost a total of almost 40 billion yuan  US$ 6.27 billion  . The U.S. closed its space shuttle program in 2011 and is no longer aggressively pursuing manned space exploration , leaving Russia and China as the only two countries in the world capable of independently sending humans into space . "  In some ways , they have overtaken the US , at least temporarily , " says the Heritage Foundation 's Cheng . "  Of course , the US , and even more Russia , have more experience in manned space . China is not , at this time , capable of reaching the Moon . " "  But like the tortoise and the hare , China is slowly catching up with the US . " However , Cheng says that China is not engaged in a space race with the US . Rather : "  They have a long-term plan , and they are sticking to it . " Private space ambitions Companies like Boeing , Space X and Virgin Galactic are scrambling to develop private sector spacecraft and operate in what has previously been the exclusive preserve of sovereign nations . China is not part of the project that maintains the International Space Station  ISS  , which currently orbits the Earth conducting experiments in a range of fields , from physics to astronomy . The ISS is a joint venture between NASA , Russia 's RKA space agency , Japan 's Aerospace Exploration Agency , the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA . China views its multi-billion dollar space program as a way to raise prestige both domestically and abroad . This is the first high-profile space launch since new leader Xi Jinping assumed the presidency in March . Public reaction to the planned mission was mixed , with some users of the Twitter-like Weibo platform wishing the astronauts well , while others said the resources were best used on the ground . "  Our country may be lagging behind in other areas , but China has great achievement in aerospace technology , " said one user with the handle @Jiniaobieliulin . "  The government should spend more money to help those of lowest social status , " said another user identified as @Xiaoxiaojuna . Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong . Zhang Dayu reported from Beijing	NEW : China launches Shenzhou 10 spaceship from base in Gobi Desert Three astronauts sent into space for China 's fifth and longest crewed mission Mission seeks to test technology related to constructing a space station China 's march into space underscores growing financial and military clout
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- The suspect in Friday 's shooting of six people in a downtown high-rise is a 40-year-old man with economic woes that include a recent bankruptcy filing , federal records show . In his filing last May for Chapter 7 bankruptcy , under which he sought to have his assets liquidated and his debts discharged , Jason S. Rodriguez listed his assets at $ 4,675 and his liabilities at $ 89,873.31 . His 2002 Nissan XTerra with 110,000 miles represented $ 4,000 of those assets . His personal property filing described the vehicle as having body damage on the right side , an air conditioner that did not work and a transmission that was slipping . He said his monthly income as a "  sandwich artist " at a Subway Restaurant in Orlando , where he had worked for nine months , was $ 890.67 , and he listed his monthly expenses at $ 815 . A man who answered the phone at the restaurant referred a caller to company headquarters , where spokesman Kevin Kane confirmed that Rodriguez had worked for the company , but left six weeks ago . Kane said the company has a job title of "  sandwich artist . " Before leaving Subway , Rodriguez 's income had already taken a hit , dropping from $ 27,686 in 2007 to $ 13,936 in 2008 . Rodriguez estimated the value of his household goods -- a TV , microwave , bed , computer , dresser , two night stands , etc. -- at $ 500 and said his girlfriend owned the remaining household goods . He faced an $ 11,085 claim of child support . In addition , he was behind on his rent  $ 1,402.05  , owed $ 450 to American Express , $ 110 to AT&T for his cell phone service and $ 343 to Florida Hospital Orlando for unspecified medical services , the document said . Among his creditors were the Internal Revenue Service for unpaid 2005 and 2006 taxes totaling $ 2,415 . The largest debts were for student loans -- $ 8,500 to Wachovia , $ 28,912 to Sallie Mae . Orlando lawyer Charlie Price represented Rodriguez in his case . "  It 's not that atypical from most everyone I see , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  That 's how it is right now . He 's a very typical client . Of people that are suffering through the economy right now , there 's nothing extraordinary about him ... except that . " Price said he had had no contact with Rodriguez for several months , and added that his former client did not owe him money .	In bankruptcy filing , Jason S. Rodriguez listed assets at $ 4,675 , liabilities at $ 89,873.31 He owed money for child support , rent , credit card , phone service , back taxes Rodriguez said his monthly income was $ 890.67 and monthly expenses were $ 815
CNN  -- Al Qaeda released a statement on jihadist forums Friday confirming the death of its leader , Osama bin Laden , according to SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors Islamist websites . The development comes days after U.S. troops killed bin Laden in a raid on a compound in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad . The statement , translated by SITE , lauded the late militant , threatened to take action against the United States , and urged Pakistanis to "  rise up and revolt . " Bin Laden 's death will serve as a "  curse that chases the Americans and their agents , and goes after them inside and outside their countries , " the message said . "  Soon -- with help from Allah -- their happiness will turn into sorrow , and their blood will be mixed with their tears , " it said . The statement said al Qaeda will "  continue on the path of jihad , the path walked upon by our leaders ... without hesitation or reluctance . " Full statement from al Qaeda on Osama bin Laden 's death "  We will not deviate from that or change until Allah judges between us and between our enemy with truth . Indeed , He is the best of all judges . Nothing will harm us after that , until we see either victory and success and conquest and empowerment , or we die trying . " It said that Americans "  will never enjoy security until our people in Palestine enjoy it . " "  The soldiers of Islam , groups and individuals , will continue planning without tiredness or boredom , and without despair or surrender , and without weakness or stagnancy , until they cause the disaster that makes children look like the elderly ! " It urged Pakistanis "  to cleanse this shame that has been attached to them by a clique of traitors and thieves " and "  from the filth of the Americans who spread corruption in it . " Bin Laden and other militants used the Internet to post messages to their followers before and after al Qaeda 's September , 11 , 2001 attack on the United States .	Al Qaeda issues a threat against the United States It urges Pakistanis to "  rise up and revolt " The Web has long been a favored medium for jihadis
CNN  Ahead of me , a trail of lights snakes up toward the sky , moving relentlessly , step-by-step , in the darkness . I 've tackled quite a few mountains in my life , but never have I hiked with as many solemn spirits as on Adam 's Peak in Sri Lanka . Barefoot pilgrims are all around me . There are women , whose bangles can be heard rattling against tired ankles , and monks , pulling their maroon robes over their left shoulders to shield from the mountain chill . We 're all going up silently toward the summit of what is a holy mountain for Buddhists , Hindus , Muslims and Christians in Sri Lanka . The 2,243-meter  7,359 feet  Adam 's Peak lies among the island nation 's southern Central Highlands , 150 kilometers  93 miles  east of the capital Colombo . It 's one of Sri Lanka 's highest mountains , rising like a green fang from a carpet of dense forest reserve where wild elephants and leopards still dwell . It is n't the scenery or wildlife that daily pulls in thousands of pilgrims though . All of them are here to see a 1.8-meter-long rock formation that juts out from the summit . Tough going To Buddhists , Sri Pada , or the sacred footprint , is an imprint left by the Buddha himself . Hindus say it belonged to Shiva while Christians and Muslims consider it a sign of Adam 's passage . Local legend has it that Sri Lanka 's King Valagambahu was the first to stumble upon Sri Pada during a reign that ended in about 76 BC . The peak gets another historic name check from none other than Marco Polo , who visited in the 14th century , reporting that his ascent was tough going . Today , a stone staircase helps almost every Sri Lankan tackle the peak several times during their lives . From December to May , the mountain glows nightly as torchlit pilgrims follow the trail to the top . Some climb in the afternoon to reach the shrine at sundown but the most popular and spiritual time to ascend is the middle of the night , summiting just in time to catch the first rays of dawn . Just getting to Adam 's Peak is an act of devotion . Pure pilgrimage After traveling from the central city town of Kandy to Hatton on a slow train through the relentless greenery of the area 's Ceylonese tea estates , I catch a rickety bus to continue my journey . My destination is Dalhousie , a cluster of chai stalls , home stays and informal restaurants that marks the starting point of the five-kilometer Nallathanni climbing route , the shortest way to the summit . The basic facilities on offer are attuned to the reasons for the climb . This is n't a leisure pursuit , but a pure pilgrimage . My ascent begins at a chilly 3 a.m. . The climb can take between two and a half and four hours -- I 'm aiming to summit at the break of dawn at 6.30 a.m. Groups of pilgrims dressed in white lead me through the dark and to the beginning of the incline . "  Each time feels like the first , " says Saman , a slender man from a village near Bentota on Sri Lanka 's southern coast . He and his wife are tackling their fifth climb , accompanying their six-year-old son for his first ascent . Before the path starts rising , a monk from the nearby Japanese temple comes forward and in exchange for an offering , ties a white string around my waist as a form of blessing . And so , with the eyes of one of Sri Pada 's benevolent gods hopefully on me , I proceed upward as the incline slowly turns into a stone staircase . Spiritual awakening ? Along the way , vendors cook pans of soothing chai over portable gas stoves . Prices , like the sacred mountain , are steep . The peak comes into view a couple hours into the climb . Many hikers greet it with determined expressions , their only goal to arrive at Sri Pada before sunrise . As we get nearer , the darkness disperses in tones of blue . Just before dawn throws shards of burning red across the sky , we sail into a sea of pilgrims surrounding the shrine 's platform . It 's quite a sight . Pilgrims walk in circles reciting mantras , queuing up to pray before the sacred footprint . On the edge of the slope , young monks in wool hats hold their robes tight under their chins with chilled fingers , waiting for the sun 's rays to bring the new day . With the sound of tolling bells at my back , I join the line and watch first light over central Sri Lanka . The spectacle is enough to stop my legs from aching and make me forget that I must , at some point , return to Earth . Getting there Two daily trains leave from Kandy to Hatton . Number 1005 departs at 8:47 a.m. and arrives at 11:12 a.m. while number 1015 leaves at 11:10 a.m. and arrives at 13:26 p.m. Buses run to Dalhousie from Hatton 's train station until early afternoon . During pilgrimage season  December to May  , there are direct buses to Dalhousie from Colombo , Kandy and Nuwara Eliya . However , the scenic train route across the Hill Country is highly recommended .	The 2,243-meter  7,359 feet  Adam 's Peak lies amid Sri Lanka 's southern Central Highlands Hiking up Adam 's Peak to see the sacred footprint near the summit at sunrise is a popular pilgrimage The journey to get there is an ordeal that requires devotion
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Chicago man who just co-authored a book on how to run with the bulls in Pamplona was gored in the right thigh on Wednesday and underwent surgery in hospital , two friends with him in Pamplona told CNN . Bill Hillmann , 32 , was gored by a bull that got separated from the other five bulls -- toward the end of the 850 meter , or half-mile , course -- just before the downhill slope leading into the bull ring . " ` It 's been a hell of a sh ** ty fiesta so far , ' " Hillmann said at the hospital , according to his friend Alexander Fiske-Harrison , who edited their new e-book entitled "  Fiesta , How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona . " Other contributors to the book include John Hemingway , grandson of Ernest Hemingway , who brought global fame to the ancient tradition through his 1920s novel , "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title , "  Fiesta . " Hillmann has been running in Pamplona for about a decade , and in the book on surviving the running , he wrote a key chapter offering detailed advice for novices and experts alike on how to properly run with the bulls . It includes this description : "  There 's more to the ancient tradition than just surviving it . At its most pure , this is daring street-art , a dance with death and majesty , a chance to come into harmonious contact with one of nature 's fiercest monsters . " Hillmann continued in the book : "  At its worst , it 's a bunch of panicked tourists falling all over each other in an idiotic stampede . " And Hillmann himself said he was tripped up in the confusion on Wednesday . "  I think today was a situation where somebody pushed me and I fell over and I got gored , " he said from the hospital in a Skype interview with CNN 's Jeanne Moos . Photographs from the scene show Hillmann on the pavement , on his back , when the bull 's horn goes into his leg . "  I did n't feel it at all . When he lifted me , that 's when I realized I was gored , " Hillmann told CNN . "  Sadly , you know , it 's just part of the run . All the great runners have been gored . " Fiske-Harrison said he was running on Wednesday near Hillmann and that the latter was trying to guide the loose bull -- which experts consider to be very dangerous -- toward the bull ring , when he got gored . The hospital medical report said Hillmann received two gorings , but Fiske-Harrison said there appeared to be only one main one , which he described as a "  clean wound . It did n't touch a bone or an artery . This is an honorable wound . " He estimated it to be about a 15 to 20 centimeter gash . Hillmann 's wife went to hospital to see him and Fiske-Harrison said she was not pleased . Hillmann , who was in Spain to promote his new novel , "  The Old Neighborhood , " about Chicago , had just days ago suffered the loss of his passport and laptop , Fiske-Harrison said . Hillmann mentioned it on his Facebook page . Hillmann remained alert at hospital , although he was sedated , and is expected to spend about four days there before he is released , Fiske-Harrison said . The six half-ton bulls from Victoriano del Rio ranch , including the one that gored Hillmann , were due to die in the bullfights on Wednesday afternoon , near where he was injured on the third day of the annual eight days of running , held at 8 a.m. local time , from July 7 to 14 . On the first four days of running this year , 20 people have been taken to hospital , five for goring-related injuries , and the rest having been hurt in falls or collisions . There have been 15 deaths among runners since records began in 1924 , most recently in 2009 when a 27-year-old Spanish man was fatally gored in the neck . Hillmann said he 'll run again next year : "  I ca n't wait to get back on the street . " Surviving Pamplona 's running of the bulls Opinion : ` Furious energy ' Hemingway took from the bulls	Co-author of "  Fiesta , How to Survive the Bulls of Pamplona " gored by bull NEW : Bill Hilmann says someone pushed him and he fell , and was gored Photographs from scene show Hillmann on his back , when the bull 's horn goes into his leg
LONDON , England -- Scientists in the U.S. are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes . The WHO has reported that around half of the world 's population is at risk of malaria . The laser , which has been dubbed a "  weapon of mosquito destruction " fires at mosquitoes once it detects the audio frequency created by the beating of its wings . The laser beam then destroys the mosquito , burning it on the spot . Developed by some of the astrophysicists involved in what was known as the "  Star Wars " anti-missile programs during the Cold War , the project is meant to prevent the spread of malaria . Lead scientist on the project , Dr. Jordin Kare , told CNN that the laser would be able to sweep an area and "  toast millions of mosquitoes in a few minutes . " Malaria is a life-threatening disease caused by parasites that are transmitted to people from the bites of female mosquitoes . It is particularly prevalent in tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world and kills an African child every 30 seconds , according to the World Health Organization . There are an estimated 300 million acute cases of malaria each year globally , resulting in more than one million deaths , the WHO reports . Responding to questions about any potential harm the laser could pose to the eco-system , Kare said : "  There is no such thing as a good mosquito , there 's nothing that feeds exclusively on them . No one would miss mosquitoes , " he said . "  In any case , " he added . "  The laser is able to distinguish between mosquitoes that go after people and those that are n't dangerous . What remains to be seen is how precise we can get . " He added that other insects would not be affected by the laser 's beam . Kare said the lasers could be mounted on lamp post-type poles and put around the circumference of villages , to create a kind of "  fence " against mosquitoes . The research was commissioned by Intellectual Ventures , a Washington , U.S.-based company that was founded by Nathan Myhrvold , a former Microsoft Corporation executive . His previous boss , Bill Gates , who funded the research , asked Myhrvold to look into new ways of combating malaria .	Scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes The system has been developed to tackle the spread of malaria Around one million people die of malaria each year , according to the WHO
After 10 days stranded far from home , all 52 passengers from a ship stuck in Antarctic ice have now been transferred by helicopter to an Australian icebreaker . "  It 's 100 % we 're off ! A huge thanks to all , " tweeted Chris Turney , an Australian professor among the group of scientists , journalists and tourists marooned on the ship . A helicopter from a nearby Chinese icebreaker ferried passengers Thursday to the Australian icebreaker , the Aurora Australis . The rescue is the latest chapter in a saga that began Christmas Eve after the Russian-flagged MV Akademik Shokalskiy got stuck in unusually thick ice . Officials abandoned a succession of other rescue attempts in recent days because of the treacherous conditions in the region . Earlier Thursday , Australian authorities had said a plan involving the helicopter and a barge was put on hold because of shifting ice conditions . But the new approach , which skipped the use of the barge , got under way later in the day . Turney posted videos showing the helicopter arriving on a makeshift helipad on the ice near the trapped ship and taking off into the crisp blue sky . Robert Darvill , chief mate on the Aurora Australis , told CNN that the 52 new passengers on board were very happy to be there and kept thanking the icebreaker 's crew for their efforts . "  They are on their second dinner of the night right now , " he said . Long journey ahead It will still be weeks before the research team makes it to the Australian port of Hobart , said John Young of the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . "  Mid-January is our best guess , " Young told reporters on a conference call . The Aurora Australis is still expected to complete a resupply mission to Casey Station , an Australian base in Antarctica , before making its way to Hobart . Darvill said that now all the passengers are on the Aurora Australis , the vessel will try to move out of the heavy pack ice and into more open water . But , he said , they will not set off toward Casey Station until the Rescue Coordination Center of Australia gives them the green light . Darvill also thanked the captain of the Chinese icebreaker whose help made the rescue possible . "  Thank you very much for your cooperation . Your crew has done the lion 's share of the work and made Australia and much of the world proud , " he said . Meanwhile , the master of the Akademik Shokalskiy has decided to keep the 22 Russian crew members on board the stranded ship until the pack ice eventually breaks up and allows it to move again , Young said . The vessel has enough supplies to keep the crew going for "  a very long time , " he said . The helicopter rescue followed a failed attempt by the Chinese icebreaker , the Xue Long , which made it 6 nautical miles from the trapped vessel before being stopped by especially thick ice . That was followed by an effort by the Australian icebreaker , which was forced Monday to suspend efforts to reach the expedition because of bad weather . The Aurora Australis got within 10 nautical miles of the ship before it turned back . Over the weekend , the maritime agency called off an effort by the French icebreaker Astrolabe . Viral sensations The exploits of the research crew have gone viral , thanks in large part to Twitter and YouTube posts by those aboard the stranded vessel . Turney , the leader of a research expedition on the Akademik Shokalskiy , has tweeted photos of the stranded ship , the crew and penguins , which have stopped by to check out their new neighbors . The group even managed to ring in 2014 with good cheer . "  We 're the A , A , E who have traveled far , having fun doing science in Antarctica ! " a dozen or so of them sang in a video posted on YouTube . "  Lots of snow and lots of ice , lots of penguins , which are very , very nice ! "  Really good food and company , but a bloody great shame we are still stuck here ! Ice core , cha cha cha ! Ice core , cha cha cha ! " The expedition Turney 's expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began on November 27 . The second and current leg of the trip started on December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on Saturday . The vessel got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg . Turney , a climate change professor at the University of New South Wales , has said the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick .	Chief mate : Passengers are very happy now to be on the Australian icebreaker He thanks Chinese icebreaker crew whose helicopter ferried 52 to safety "  It 's 100 % we 're off ! A huge thanks to all , " a professor on the ship tweets 22 Russian crew members are still on board the trapped ship , the MV Akademik Shokalskiy
David Axelrod is a smart guy who knows a heck of a lot about politics and the press . Robert Gibbs is also a smart guy who knows a heck of a lot about politics and the press . They will now be dispensing their wisdom as paid contributors at MSNBC , and I 'll be interested in what they have to say . But I have to ask : Is NBC 's cable channel turning into an Obama administration in exile ? It 's hardly a news flash that MSNBC long ago decided to be cable 's liberal bastion , a left-wing counterweight to Fox News . But the more the studios are populated with people who worked for the president , the more the network may seem like an off-campus adjunct of the West Wing . To be sure , MSNBC was already packed with former Democratic presidential candidates , from Al Sharpton to Howard Dean . Former party chairman and Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell has also become a fixture , as well as former party spokeswoman Karen Finney . Watch : Should Fox News have hired tarnished candidate Herman Cain ? But now that the president is into his second term , there is a growing band of alumni available for pundit duty . Jared Bernstein went from Joe Biden 's chief economist to MSNBC talking head . Now the former senior adviser and former press secretary will be holding forth on their former boss . Occasionally , the liberals on MSNBC criticize Obama from the left . The network 's few conservative commentators , such as former Republican Party chairman Michael Steele , take aim from the right . But is n't that going to be considerably harder for Axelrod and Gibbs , who have devoted their lives to this president ? Gibbs tells me he sees his job "  as a political analyst and as someone who has been in the room during important meetings and when big decisions are made who can convey what that 's like to viewers . I do n't see it either as being a cheerleader for the president or as a spokesman for the administration 's point of view . " Watch : Mark Sanford launches post-affair forgiveness tour "  I will be honest with my opinions and when I believe the White House has made a mistake I will say so . I 'm sure no one in the White House thought my comments on Chuck Hagel 's confirmation hearing were necessarily pro-Obama . " Axelrod also sees himself taking a different approach : "  My role is not that of a surrogate , but an analyst and commentator . I 'm proud of my work for and with the president . But in this role , I will offer observations , based on my experience over 35 years in journalism and politics , and will call them as I see them . " He added : "  I 'd also note that NBC and MSNBC have , on their roster of analysts , both Republicans and Democrats . " MSNBC did n't invent this practice ; Fox News is the model . For a while , it served as the Bush administration in exile , with such loyalists as Karl Rove , former U.N. ambassador John Bolton and ex-press secretary Dana Perino . Fox also provided Bush with a spokesman when the late Tony Snow made the jump from Roger Ailes ' network to the White House . The Fox payroll was soon packed with potential 2012 contenders like Sarah Palin , Mike Huckabee , Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum , with the latter two jumping from Rupert Murdoch 's team into the presidential primaries . There is no question that the high-profile platform gave them a boost . Now , Herman Cain , who left the race under a cloud after denying allegations of sexual harassment and an extramarital affair , has joined the Fox team . In his first outing the other night , Cain said 51 % of Americans were "  misled " into voting for Obama , prompting a dissent from Bill O'Reilly . Is this the kind of unvarnished analysis we can expect from Cain ? Watch : Obama , Biden learn pitfalls of Google and Facebook chat CNN is not exempt from this game , having provided a home for Pat Buchanan between his presidential runs and , later , hiring Bush 41 lieutenants John Sununu and Mary Matalin , Clinton alumni Paul Begala and James Carville , and W. 's press secretary , Ari Fleischer . The network also got into the disgraced ex-governor business through its ill-fated fling with Eliot Spitzer . But CNN , at least , makes a point of tapping partisans from both sides .  ABC , for its part , brought in George Stephanopoulos from the Clinton White House , and he gradually earned credibility in his new profession . When networks employ active partisans such as Rove , who raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for GOP candidates in 2012 and has now launched a new super PAC , it 's fair for viewers to wonder whether their commentary is subjugated to an agenda . That was the question with Dick Morris , who was recently dumped by Fox after acknowledging that his predictions of a big Mitt Romney victory were in part an effort to boost Republican morale . Watch : How did Washington Post get the Sarah Palin story so wrong ? Now that this revolving door is spinning like crazy , are current Obama staffers eyeing a television future ? If so , might they be a tad nicer to a future employer ? Former Time correspondent Jay Carney was a pretty good television guest before joining the administration ; could he follow the well-beaten path to MSNBC ? And what if Hillary Clinton gets bored giving big-money speeches ? Maybe Axelrod and Gibbs will surprise me and show an independent streak as members of the commentariat . But having labored so long as fierce advocates for Barack Obama , that could be a tough transition .	David Axelrod and Robert Gibbs will become pundits for MSNBC Howard Kurtz : Is NBC 's cable channel turning into an Obama administration in exile ? He says MSNBC did n't start this , Fox News did when it served as a platform for Bush officials Kurtz : As advocates for Obama , it might be tough for Axelrod and Gibbs to show independence
CNN  -- The last polar bear in Africa died Wednesday after months of grieving his longtime companion at a zoo in Johannesburg , a far cry from his Arctic habitat . Wang , 28 , suffered from chronic arthritis and liver failure . The Johannesburg Zoo , where he had been a major attraction since he was a cub , put him down for health reasons . The chief veterinarian "  had to make a very tough decision , " the zoo said in a statement after his death . The furry giant spent his last days pining for GeeBee , his polar bear partner of 28 years , who died of a heart attack in January . GeeBee and Wang had spent their days together at the zoo since they were 6 months old . It was a notable friendship -- polar bears tend to be solitary animals . After her death , Wang walked around listless and shunned food and swimming , the latter a favorite pastime with GeeBee . To distract him from his heartbreak so he could eat and improve his health , the zoo coaxed him with special treats and showered him with toys . For Valentine 's Day this year , zoo officials brought Wang a box filled with fruit and meat , and decorated it with love hearts and a note that said , "  We Love You Wang ! " Companies also showered him with toys and gifts , including an offer of a snow machine in the hopes that it might excite the animal long associated with subzero temperatures . But Wang had lived his entire life in a warm climate , and a sudden change in environment would be fatal for his advanced age , the zoo said at the time . In the wild , polar bears barely make it past 20 years , said Agnes Maluleke , the carnivore curator for the Johannesburg Zoo . Wang was born at a Japanese zoo , and GeeBee came from Canada after both were swapped for lions . The two met at the Johannesburg Zoo in 1986 . They did not breed because polar bears ' reproduction is stimulated by cold weather , Maluleke said . The zoo has no plans to replace the polar bears .	Wang suffered from chronic arthritis and liver failure He lost his polar bear companion , GeeBee , in January He spent months grieving for her and shunned food The Johannesburg Zoo he 's called home for 28 years euthanized him Wednesday
EW.com  -- Director Baz Luhrmann 's 3-D film "  The Great Gatsby " will open in theaters nationwide and in Canada on May 10 , then worldwide the following week . The film was initially scheduled to hit theaters on Christmas day , but Warner Bros. pushed the release back last August . The adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald 's classic 1925 novel stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Tobey Maguire , Carey Mulligan , and Joel Edgerton . The film will now be able to "  beat on , against the current " as it will no longer be competing with The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , Les Mis  rables , This is 40 , Zero Dark Thirty , Django Unchained , and other December blockbusters . "  Audiences have been looking forward to Baz Luhrmann 's film adaptation of one of the most beloved books of all time , and we felt this beautifully extravagant and dramatic film would be a perfect way for us to kick off our Summer slate , " president of Warner Bros. domestic distribution Dan Fellman said in a press release . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The eagerly anticipated "  Great Gatsby " has been pushed back It will now open on May 10 The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio , Carey Mulligan , and Joel Edgerton
CNN  -- An online campaign has started to right a 22-year-old wrong committed against legendary architect Denise Scott Brown . She and Robert Venturi , her partner and husband , have designed iconic buildings together for 40 years -- yet she was excluded when Venturi was awarded the highest honor in architecture in 1991 , the Pritzker Prize . The cause has created an unusual outcry across the architecture profession . Started by two young women active in the Women In Design club at Harvard University , the Change.org campaign has generated more than 11,000 signatures , nine of whom are Pritzker winners . It 's a worthy cause , and reflects the dismissive attitude toward women in architecture even today . Endowed by the Pritzker Family , the $ 100,000 prize has twice been awarded to pairs of architects , both times at the request of the individual to whom the award was originally intended to go . With only one exception , however , female partners have consistently been overlooked . Just last year , Chinese architect Wang Shu was honored without his partner and wife , Lu Wenyu . Only two women have won the Pritzker Prize in its 34 year history . Since 1991 , Venturi has repeatedly insisted that Scott Brown was an equal collaborator and should share the honor with him . It 's not a hard case to make : Scott Brown co-wrote the highly influential book "  Learning from Las Vegas " in 1972 , and has been widely known and appreciated in the field . Scott Brown described Venturi as being "  as brave as you could possibly expect him to be " in his support . Still , they decided "  we could not afford to pass up the Pritzker Prize for the sake of our fledgling firm . " She is calling for a ceremony to recognize her contributions to the firm 's work , which includes the Sainsbury Wing of the National Gallery in London and the Vanna Venturi house . Zaha Hadid , one of the two female Pritzker honorees , has admonished her profession , saying she doubted anything has changed for women in architecture over the last 30 years . "  I have quite a few senior architects in the office and they are extremely reliable and very talented , but , when I taught , all of my best students were women , " she told The Observer . "  Then they drift off . " What Hadid characterizes as "  drifting off " is , in truth , a mass exodus . Although just about as many women as men study in American architecture schools , only about 16 % of the licensed architects in the United States are women . The number is slightly higher in the United Kingdom , where around 20 % of qualified architects are women . Like other professions with notoriously "  leaky pipelines , " many women drop out of architecture during the onerous final stages . After five to seven years of education , aspiring architects must complete an internship and a costly , multipart licensing exam , which takes an average of 8.5 years to complete . Only then , after years of low pay , does the profession confer the title of architect . This career phase directly corresponds with women 's childbearing years , forcing many to choose between becoming a mother or an architect . To be sure , a precious few do both , but they often have a partner who stays home or they can pay someone else to provide domestic labor and child care while they put in long hours at the office . But it 's not just the licensing process and the culture of workaholism that push women out . It 's also sexism in the workplace and the profession at large . In a January 2013 study by The Architects ' Journal , nearly two-thirds of British female architects said they have suffered gender discrimination or male bullying at work . Nearly half the women reported they received lower pay than their male counterparts , and 60 % said they have encountered building industry clients who failed or refused to recognize their authority . No comparable study has been completed in the United States . As has so often been said , you ca n't be what you ca n't see . It 's not easy for women who aspire to be architects to find female role models . Women are just a small minority of firm leaders . A survey conducted by the American Institute of Architects found that in 2012 , women made up only 17 % of firm principals and partners . Just two women have served as presidents of the AIA in its 155-year history , although a third will do so in 2014 . The AIA 's recent promotion of Mattel 's "  Architect Barbie " doll as a recruitment tool to interest young girls overlooks the cultural and institutional sexism in the profession . When asked about the AIA , Scott Brown reported that each time Venturi has been put forward for the organization 's highest honor , the Gold Medal , the couple responded as a team . "  The AIA has always returned the submission , unopened , " she said , because the organization knew Venturi and Scott Brown were applying together . In the end , Denise Scott Brown receiving equal recognition for a 22-year-old slight is not the point . The bigger issue is that the gender disparity in architecture , both symbolically and substantially , is not just a problem for women ; it 's a problem for all of us . How might our shared built environment -- our homes , hospitals , schools , workplaces and public spaces -- be shaped differently if women were behind half the proverbial blueprints ? How would it be different with the contributions of architects from racial minority groups , who make up only 2 % of the profession ? It is not a question of whether , but to what extent , buildings are less beautiful , less functional , less equitable because women are not creating them . Winston Churchill famously noted , "  We shape our buildings , and afterward our buildings shape us . " As is so often the case in other areas , our public landscape and the architecture profession are shaped by only a small fraction of our potential collective genius , and limited by the creative absence of so many . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Architects Denise Scott Brown and Robert Venturi are partners , yet only he was honored Writers : Movement afoot to recognize Scott Brown in the male dominated profession They say female architects ' marginalization is a loss to our public landscape Architecture is missing the creative input of women and minorities , they say
Washington  CNN  -- The so-called "  lame duck " session of the Democratic Congress convened Monday , with members preparing to make decisions on a host of contentious issues that could have major political ramifications for both President Barack Obama and the incoming Republican House majority . Newly elected House members , meanwhile , were given a daylong orientation on the rules and procedures governing life on Capitol Hill . They are set to take office in January . In the Senate , two new members -- Delaware 's Chris Coons and West Virginia 's Joe Manchin -- were sworn in by Vice President Joe Biden . Coons and Manchin are both Democrats ; their addition to the Senate did not change the chamber 's 59-41 Democratic edge for the lame duck session . Senate Democrats will have a smaller 53 to 47 majority next year . Manchin was elected to fill the final two years of the late Sen. Robert Byrd 's term . Coons will serve the final four years of Biden 's term . One of the first challenges for the House is the selection of its new leadership . Republicans are expected to tap Ohio Rep. John Boehner and Virginia Rep. Eric Cantor as speaker and majority leader , respectively . Democrats appear ready to tap current House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California as the new minority leader , while also keeping Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer and South Carolina Rep. Jim Clyburn in the leadership . But North Carolina Rep. Heath Shuler , a more conservative Democrat , appears ready to challenge Pelosi if she does n't step down . GOP senators face a tough vote Tuesday on whether to ban earmarks , a policy House Republicans already have in place and are expected to keep in the new Congress . The idea of prohibiting members from designating funding for specific projects in their states or districts is popular with reform-minded deficit hawks but opposed by congressional veterans trying to steer funds to constituencies back home . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , a longtime defender of earmarks , announced Monday that he intends to vote for the ban when the GOP Senate caucus meets Tuesday . "  I 'm not wild about turning over more spending authority to the executive branch , but I have come to share the view of most Americans that our nation is at a crossroads , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . The "  only way we will be able to turn the corner and save our future is if elected leaders like me make the kinds of difficult decisions voters are clearly asking us to make . " Obama responded with a statement welcoming McConnell 's "  decision to join me and members of both parties who support cracking down on wasteful earmark spending , which we ca n't afford during these tough economic times . " But , the president added , "  we ca n't stop with earmarks as they represent only part of the problem . " Obama may weigh in more on Thursday , when he is scheduled to meet with the bipartisan congressional leadership at the White House . At the top of the agenda : whether to extend the Bush tax cuts for families making more than $ 250,000 . Republicans contend that failure to extend the cuts for everyone would be a mistake in a weak economy . Obama considers such a move a roughly $ 700 billion budget-busting mistake , but recently suggested he 's willing to compromise . If Congress fails to act , all the cuts will expire at the end of the year . In addition to the tax cuts , the lame duck Congress also has to consider expiring cuts in the estate tax . If Congress fails to act , the estate tax rate -- currently zero -- will return to 55 percent on assets over $ 1 million . One bipartisan Senate proposal would cap the tax at 35 percent on assets over $ 3.5 million , but serious negotiations have not begun , according to aides from both parties . Congress must also decide what to do about a bill that is keeping the government running but is set to expire December 3 . House Republicans want a nearly yearlong extension , but with funding cut to 2008 levels . Democrats are resisting , though some Democratic senators appear to be open to some reductions . Also on the agenda : a possible repeal of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy barring gays and lesbians from serving openly in the armed forces . The repeal is attached to an annual defense authorization bill . There is still significant opposition in the Republican caucus to lifting the ban , raising doubt about whether the defense bill will come up for a final vote this year . The Senate must also take up ratification of the nuclear arms reduction treaty with Russia , a long-stalled food safety measure , an extension of unemployment benefits for the long-term jobless and funding for the settlement of a discrimination suit by black farmers . At the same time , House Democrats are pushing a measure to give Social Security recipients a $ 250 payment to make up for not getting a cost-of - living adjustment this year because inflation is low . They 're also trying to pass a child nutrition bill backed by first lady Michelle Obama and the Dream Act , which would create a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants if they attend college or serve in the military . Congress is also slated to consider adjustments to the Alternative Minimum Tax and another extension of the so-called "  doc-fix , " preventing reimbursement cuts to doctors treating Medicare patients . Hanging over all the deliberations of the lame duck session : the enormous pressure to cut spending being brought to bear by the incoming conservative group of congressmen . "  I 'm certainly going to come up here and do the things that the people elected me to do , and that is get this out of control spending under control , " Missouri GOP Rep.-elect Billy Long told CNN . "  We 're going to be in bad , bad trouble if we do n't get some of this under control , and I 'm not afraid to make the tough votes . " Steve Southerland , a newly elected Florida Republican , also repeated the campaign mantra of pushing for a smaller government . "  As the federal government has expanded , small businesses and communities around this country have constricted , " he said . "  And that 's not a trend that I think should continue . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report	The lame duck session of Congress began Monday Congress must tackle multiple controversial issues before the end of the year Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell announces his intention to back an earmark ban Newly elected House members reiterate their intention to push for smaller government
Jining , China  CNN  -- Four months after he built a new , two-story brick house in his village in northern China 's Shandong Province , Xiao Guoqiang was alarmed to find a huge crack on the living room wall . Having seen homes in neighboring villages sink , Xiao realized his long-held fears were coming true . "  I knew the day was coming , but I did n't expect it to happen so soon , " said Xiao , who has been forced to move from the land -- on which four generations of his family have lived -- as a consequence . Xiao 's hometown , Jining , is one of China 's "  coal cities , " whose mineral wealth helps light up the night skies of the world 's most energy-hungry country . The land here is honeycombed with coal mines , which can form massive sinkholes that leave thousands of homes uninhabitable every year . Ten years ago , the area where Xiao lived was a vibrant farming community on the North China Plain . But sinkholes are devouring 20 million square meters  7.7 square miles  of land here a year , according to the Jining Land Resource Bureau , and have displaced an estimated 100,000 people , mostly farmers and their families , over the past decade . By 2090 , the bureau predicts one third of the city -- an area as large as Los Angeles -- will fall into the earth , and an estimated 5 million people will have been forced out of the region by the problem . Those figures worry government-affiliated sinkhole researcher Gu Mei , who said tensions over migration may lead to social unrest . "  Schools in some districts are overwhelmed with migrant students , while in other districts , classrooms are half empty , " she told CNN . Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly In this low-lying area , most sinkholes quickly fill with water . "  I am afraid the city is turning into the Venice of the East , " former mayor Li Guangsheng told the Qilu Weekly , a local newspaper , earlier this year . When coal was discovered in the region in the 1960s , it proved a boon for the local economy . State-run miner YanKaung Group Ltd. grew from a local coal company to a multination-listed energy giant , employing about one of every two workers in town . Meng Lingjun , a coal company employee , remembers the city as an underdeveloped backwater thirty years ago . "  When I was young , the town did not have a single factory , shopping mall or train station , " he said . "  Now we are one of the most affluent regions in North China . " But that prosperity has come at a price . Each day , Meng passes hundreds of sinkholes on his way to work . Like many urban residents , he believes it is too late for the city to withdraw from the lucrative coal business . "  We are nothing without the coal company , " he said . "  All we can do is keep mining and fixing the sinkholes . " In recent years , local officials tried several creative solutions for the sinkhole crisis , transforming the gaping holes into water theme parks , fishing ponds and lakes . One has been turned into a wetland park , a major spot for bird watching in the northern part of the city ; another is now a fish breeding pond powered by solar panels . But more than 50 % of the subsided land remains abandoned , often polluted and emitting a pungent aroma . "  The fund from central government for fixing sinkholes can barely cover expenses , " government official Han Xizhong told CNN . While China 's Mine Subsidence Compensation Act gives clear guidance for how much a coal company should pay displaced residents for damages , it fails to take into account the problems that follow , Han said . "  The sinkhole issue is more complicated than removing a village and refilling the sinkholes , " said another local official , who asked his name not be used because of the sensitive nature of the issue . "  Many deep sinkholes have been sinking for over 10 years . You do n't know the right time to treat them . Also communities removed from the subsidence area still need government support after moving to a new place . " But government-affiliated researcher Gu Mei claims the government has done a poor job addressing the problem . "  Local government would not consider filling sinkholes , " Gu said . "  Think about it . If you can easily turn a flooded subsidence into a water theme park , would you take pains to reclaim the land ? " Some farmers have attempted to fill the holes themselves -- only to find the cost is too high . It costs at least US$ 15 per square meter to drain a hole and put in new soil . But according to Xiao Guoqiang , villagers only get compensated to the tune of US$ 5 per square meter from the coal company . The Yankuang Group declined CNN requests for comment , citing the sensitivity of mining-induced farmland losses and migration issues . For Xiao , the move to his new home has hit the family 's dinner table as they can no longer raise their own pigs or grow their own vegetables . "  The pork price is rising and we can not afford it . Having fresh vegetables and meat had never been a problem before because we grew and bred what we wanted to eat , " Xiao said . Another villager points out the lack of jobs in the new location . "  Our new home is 20 miles  32.1 kilometers  from the nearest town . It is hard for us find a decent job , " said Kong Jian , who operates a street noodle stand . "  Young people flock to bigger cities , looking for factory jobs . Those who stayed are doing small businesses like operating noodle restaurants , " Xiao said . "  But for the next generation , nobody will know how to farm . " The 50-year old gets emotional when talking about his old village . "  As I get older , my nostalgic feeling for the old village grows stronger . I try not to think about it -- about the fact that it is a lake and the village only lives in my memory . "	When cracks appeared in Xiao 's house he feared the worse Xiao 's hometown , Jining , is one of China 's massive "  coal cities " He watched many of his neighbors ' homes sink into the ground Officials : Sinkholes devouring 20 million square meters of land here a year
CNN  -- The Supreme Court is expected to issue a number of historic decisions in the coming weeks about how the government deals with race issues . With the Voting Rights Act and affirmative action on the agenda , the nation is watching closely to see what the highest court will say . The court is tackling affirmative action through a case involving the University of Texas and a student who was denied admission . With the Voting Rights Act , the court is looking again at the law , including Section 5 , which stipulates that some jurisdictions with a history of racial discrimination are required to submit changes in districting and voting laws for clearance . Both issues came out of the 1960s , one under President Lyndon Johnson in 1965 and another under President Richard Nixon in 1969 , with the intention of helping to correct more than a century of racial inequality . In 1965 , in the wake of massive grassroots protests , Congress passed the historic legislation that ensured the federal government would protect the right of African Americans to freely participate in the vote . Johnson responded to immense pressure that came from the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and civil rights protesters , who put themselves on the line and suffered violence to obtain this right . Selected quotes from Supreme Court affirmative action In 1969 , the Department of Labor launched the Philadelphia Plan , requiring unions involved in projects receiving federal funds to hire a percentage of African Americans in proportion to the composition of the local population . Nixon supported this plan as much for politics as policy . His goal was to divide the Democratic coalition by pitting African Americans against organized labor . The goal of both programs , though born for very different political reasons , was for the government to proactively tackle problems that aggravated racial equality . Johnson 's speech in 1965 laid out the rationale . In a powerful address at Howard University , he said : "  You do not wipe away the scars of centuries by saying : Now you are free to go where you want , and do as you desire , and choose the leaders you please . You do not take a person who , for years , has been hobbled by chains and liberate him , bring him up to the starting line of a race and then say , ` you are free to compete with all the others , " and still justly believe that you have been completely fair . " These programs have been controversial from the start . A summary of major upcoming Supreme Court decisions As the late historian Hugh Davis Graham argued with regards to affirmative action , they moved away from the idea that the government would guarantee individual rights after they had been violated toward establishing policies whereby the government would take steps to ensure that racist practices would not even be allowed to occur . The goal , though more controversial , was to take stronger steps to design institutions that would not perpetuate racism . During the late 1960s , some members of the Nixon administration tried to push for changes to the Voting Rights Act that would have severely weakened the legislation , including dismantling the clearance provision that required governments holding elections to gain approval from the Justice Department to any changes in their voting process . But the supporters pushed back , and the laws remained intact . There have been repeated challenges to the Voting Rights Act and affirmative action , especially as it was extended into areas other than employment , such as education , but they have failed . This time the threat seems greater than before . The efforts of conservatives to transform the composition of the federal courts in a rightward direction are finally starting to pay off . For the first time , many experts feel the conservatives have the numbers they need to make substantial changes in both of these laws . The decisions will have huge ramifications . If the court begins to knock down these two pillars of civil rights policies , they would set back the government 's power to deal with racial problems . These programs have been a stunning success , slowly starting to repair the immense damage caused by the nation 's history of racism . The Voting Rights Act produced big increases in the number of African Americans voting and produced several generations of African American elected officials . Three questions for Clarence Thomas Affirmative action has helped bolster the African American middle class and opened access to institutions from education to employment . To be sure , there are legitimate questions that have been raised about both of these programs , areas where they certainly could be strengthened . Experts have debated how affirmative action programs could do a better job , particularly by putting emphasis on giving those who suffer from class-based discrimination more access to higher education rather than relying solely on race as a standard . But improving and strengthening programs is different than knocking them down . If the court makes the decision to turn back the clock on these two policies , it would be a huge setback for the civil rights movement that changed the nation 50 years ago . Even with all the progress we 've seen , the court must be cautious before weakening programs that respond to the many racial challenges that still need to be fixed , as well as to new ones that have emerged . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Two cases before the Supreme Court challenge longstanding policies on race Affirmative action and the Voting Rights Act came out of the civil rights era of the 1960s Julian Zelizer says despite progress in racial issues , both policies are still needed
Americans are not a nation of moochers and helpless dependents . Those who are not paying federal income tax would gladly do so , because it would mean they have a decent-paying job . GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney is right that 47 % of Americans do n't pay federal income tax . But he is wrong to suggest almost half of Americans pay no tax at all and feel entitled to live off government handouts . Romney said : "  There are 47 % of the people who will vote for the president no matter what . All right , there are 47 % who are with him , who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you-name-it . But that 's an entitlement . And the government should give it to them . And they will vote for this president no matter what . ... These are people who pay no income tax . " Opinion : Real conservatives can say they 're sorry It 's true that some Americans do n't pay federal income tax . But virtually all Americans pay some form of tax , whether it 's sales , payroll , state income , or property tax . Over 60 % of those who do n't pay income tax are working ; they pay payroll tax , which goes to support Social Security and Medicare . Another 22 % of those who do n't pay income tax are the elderly ; most of them do n't work . In fact , only about 8 % of Americans pay neither federal income tax nor payroll tax , because they are unemployed , are students , or are disabled . What is missing from all this talk about tax is the fact that although the rich pay higher taxes than the poor , middle-class people actually pay a higher percentage of their income in total taxes . True , federal income tax rates are progressive , with rates going to 35 % for the top earners . But deductions and special treatment of capital gains reduce actual tax rates for the top earners . So what we end up with is upper-middle-class taxpayers paying the highest actual percentage of their income , over 31 % , according to a 2010 study by the group Citizens for Tax Justice . How did our tax system get so flat ? The payroll tax for Social Security is 12.4 %  split between employer and employee  . It 's highly regressive , because only the first $ 110,100 of income is taxed . CEOs earning over $ 35 million per year have paid their entire annual Social Security tax bill before the end of their workday on January 2 , while regular workers see this tax deducted from every check throughout the year . Billionaire Warren Buffett points out that he pays a tax rate of only 17.8 % , compared with his secretary 's rate of 35.8 % . Why ? Because payroll taxes are capped and he gets a lower rate on his capital gains . President Obama pushed to pass the "  Buffett Rule " to help reduce this disparity , but Romney 's vice-presidential running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , opposed the rule , calling support for it "  class warfare . " As the Republicans use the term "  class warfare , " they also bring forth , pointedly , details on the wide gap in income and wealth distribution in our country . Digging deeper into why 47 % do n't pay federal income tax , what we find are many former taxpayers : Twenty-two percent are the elderly , living mostly on Social Security , a benefit they got by working and paying payroll taxes . Others are unemployed or are paid close to the minimum wage , so they do n't have enough income to file any taxes . What about Romney 's claim that these people believe they have a right to government assistance ? Our research shows that over 50 % of older people looking for work  but who are too young to collect Social Security  do not receive unemployment insurance or any other government assistance . They are living close to the poverty line with no help other than family . Opinion : Election winner faces a dangerous world Far fewer poor Americans get government assistance for low incomes . For the last 30 years , less than 4 % of the U.S. population has received a full year 's worth of payments , like food stamps , which are based on level of income . Romney can choose whom he cares about , but he ca n't be allowed to choose his own facts and distort reality in service of divisive politics . Focusing exclusively on federal income taxes hides the fact that most Americans pay plenty of other taxes . Finally , Romney says that the 47 % ca n't be convinced to take "  personal responsibility . " Tell that to the single mother working the night shift to put her kids through school , or the 78-year-old widow living on Social Security , or the handicapped Iraqi war veteran who relies on government health care for his service to his country . Along with millions of working Americans , they are paragons of personal responsibility , not Romney 's caricature of self-pitying victims seeking to live off government benefits .	Teresa Ghilarducci , Rick McGahey : It 's true 47 % of people do n't pay income tax Ghilarducci , McGahey : But Americans are not moochers , as Mitt Romney implies They say nearly all Americans pay some tax : sales , payroll , state income , or property tax Authors : Many of those who do n't pay income tax are the elderly or unemployed
Washington  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama addressed the nation in the hours following Monday 's Boston Marathon bombing , he did not use the word "  terror , " immediately raising questions . When he took the podium at the White House less than 24 hours later , his phrasing changed . But he still was very careful about what he said , making separate points . "  Any time bombs are used to target civilians , it is an act of terrorism , " Obama said . He said it was unclear who carried out the attack and why , but that the Boston bombings were a "  heinous and cowardly act " that the FBI is investigating as an act of terrorism . The two bomb blasts near the downtown finish line of the storied marathon killed three people , including an 8-year-old boy , and sent more than 170 others to local hospitals , some with critical injuries . With developments unfolding late on Monday , Obama spoke to the nation from the White House , saying "  we still do not know who did this or why " and cautioning Americans against jumping to any conclusions . "  But make no mistake , we will get to the bottom of this and we will find out who did this . We 'll find out why they did this , " he said . Obama , calling attack ` terror , ' shifts to response Though Obama did n't mention "  terror , " federal investigators and a White House official later classified the bombings as such . Those close to the case have said it is not clear whether the attack was domestic or foreign in origin . It makes sense Obama would be cautious in his initial public remarks and then clarify matters later with more information known , said Aitan Goelman , a former assistant U.S. attorney who helped prosecute the Oklahoma City bombing case . "  The president is absolutely right in cautioning people we do n't know who did this , " Goelman said . ` Boston will overcome , ' mayor vows amid bombing investigation Careful decision-making in communicating information to the public seems to reflect lessons learned by a chief executive who has had to navigate the aftermath of attacks or threatened attacks where American lives were lost or threatened . "  There were three attacks in the first 17 months of the administration , four if you count Fort Hood , " said Matthew Miller , who served as a director of the Office of Public Affairs for the Justice Department during Obama 's first term . "  What we learned in dealing with each of those is it 's important for government officials to communicate early and reassure the public , " he said . The president learned that lesson on Christmas Day in 2009 when a passenger attempted to detonate a bomb hidden in his underwear aboard an international flight heading into Detroit . The White House called it an attempted terrorist attack and it took Obama three days to address the incident publicly , delay that some Republicans in Congress criticized . A thwarted attempt to detonate explosives in New York 's subway system in September 2009 , the November 2009 shooting massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , and a failed bombing of New York 's Times Square in May 2010 offered valuable lessons on communicating early , often and cautiously , Miller said . The administration has also benefited from consistency in staffing . Key officials , including White House chief of staff Denis McDonough , who in 2009 served as National Security Council chief of staff , and homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco , who formerly served as a senior Justice Department official , are at Obama 's side now . The administration also learned a tough political lesson around the word terror when Obama was hesitant to say it outright when first describing the deadly attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , last September . Details emerge : Boston bombs may have involved pressure cooker , timer The president did call the attack one of several "  acts of terror . " The administration 's reluctance to clearly label that attack terrorism and comments blaming events initially on a response to an anti-Islamic film ignited partisan bickering and an election-year showdown with Republicans over his administration 's handling of the matter . Politics aside , experts point out that classifying an attack as terrorism carries important legal and investigative meaning . "  You know , there 's been much discussing about the parsing of words : is this terrorism , is n't it terrorism , it 's criminal ? First of all , terrorism is a crime . So it 's automatically a criminal case if it 's a terrorism case , " said Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and CNN contributor . "  But secondly , if it was not terrorism , the FBI would not be in charge . It would be Boston P.D. running this case . So it 's clear the authorities are absolutely clear . This is a terrorism investigation . It 's a terrorism case , " he said .	President Barack Obama uses word "  terror " in latest comments on Boston bombings The lack of the word "  terror " in Obama 's comments on Monday raised questions Obama learned lesson early on about the political ramifications of using the word "  terror "
CNN  -- Li Na set up a French Open semifinal clash with former world number one Maria Sharapova after toppling fourth seed Victoria Azarenka at Roland Garros . It is the first time that Li , from China , has made the final four in Paris and she did it in style by knocking out the highest remaining seed 7-5 6-2 on Court Philippe Chatrier . Sharapova looked in fine form after a ruthless display against Andrea Petkovic , beating her German opponent 6-0 6-3 , and is now in sight of completing a career Grand Slam , having won the other three major tournaments on the tennis calendar . The winner of their clash will face either defending champion Francesca Schiavone , from Italy , or France 's 11th seed Marion Bartoli in the final . Li was beaten in the final of the Australian Open by Kim Clijsters back in January , when she became the first Chinese player to make a major final . And she is now one win away from another after a battling display against her opponent from Belarus that saw her hit back from a break down in each set . In the opener , Li dropped the third game on her serve but hit back immediately , before taking a 4-3 lead after a marathon seventh game . She held out to clinch the first 7-5 . Again Li found herself a break down early in the second set but made her speed around the court count to peg Azarenka back instantly and surge to the finishing line . "  After I won the match I was feeling , ` Wow , I can play semi in Roland Garros ' . I never think about that before , " Li told AFP . "  So many people think I 'm not so good on a clay court , but I think now they should change a little bit . " Sharapova took just 91 minutes to seal her victory , breaking Petkovic in the first , third and fifth games to complete a whitewash in the opening set . Despite being held at 3-3 in the second , Sharapova then stormed ahead to clinch the match . "  It was tougher than the scoreline suggests . There were a lot of games that could have gone either way . I played really smart on the important points , " Sharapova was quoted as saying by AFP . "  There is no doubt I have improved on this surface . As the years have gone on I feel I have got better and better . "  I feel physically I have overcome many challenges that maybe a few years ago would have been tough for me . "	Li Na will play Maria Sharapova for a place in the French Open final Li beat fourth seed Victoria Azarenka 7-5 6-2 in semifinal clash The sixth seed becomes first Chinese player to make last four at Roland Garros Russian 7th seed Sharapova dismantles Germany 's Andrea Petkovic 6-0 6-3
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has not given up hope of teeing off at the Masters later this month . The world No. 1 is a quadruple winner of the year 's first major and he has never missed the tournament since making his debut at Augusta in 1995 . A back injury looked to have ended Woods ' 19-year run but the American says it 's too soon to write him off for the tournament which runs from April 10-13 . "  For Augusta , it 's actually still a little too soon , to be honest with you , " the 38-year-old told reporters . Fourteen-time major winner Woods was forced to stop playing during the final round of the Honda Classic on March 2 . He tried to return to the course at Doral the following week , but his back prevented him from defending the title he won in 2013 . "  I 've had a couple weeks off and getting treatment and just working on trying to get ready for Augusta , " added Woods . "  As of right now , it 's still too soon , which is , as I said , pretty frustrating . " Woods won his first major at the Masters back in 1997 . He last slipped on the green jacket in 2005 and he has n't won one of the sport 's four marquee tournaments since triumphing at the U.S. Open in 2008 .	Tiger Woods is unsure whether his back injury will prevent him from playing in the Masters The world No. 1 has played the Augusta event every year since making his debut there in 1995 The 2014 Masters will take place between April 10-13
CNN  -- African football has been warned it "  can not be the breeding ground for hooliganism , " after a Cameroonian player was killed during a league match on Saturday . Albert Ebosse , 24 , died after allegedly being struck by a missile thrown from the crowd . Ebosse , who was the Algerian league 's top scorer last season with 17 goals , was hit on the head by what appeared to be a piece of concrete . "  My thoughts go out to the family and friends of this young man who enjoyed his job peacefully and went further to pursue his passion for football abroad , " said Issa Hayatou , the Cameroonian president of the Confederation of African Football  CAF  , in a statement Sunday . "  African football can not be the breeding ground for hooliganism whatsoever . We expect exemplary sanctions to be taken against this grave act of violence . "  Violence has no place in African football in particular and sports in general . We remain resolute and state in the strongest terms our determination to eradicate all forms of violence and unsportsmanlike conduct in stadiums on the continent . " Ebosse played for Algerian club JS Kabylie and had scored in his team 's 2-1 home defeat to USM Alger in the city of Tizi Ouzou , east of the capital Algiers . But as the players returned to the dressing room objects were thrown , apparently by an angry home crowd . Ebosse died shortly afterward . In a statement , his club JS Kabylie said Ebosse had "  succumbed to a head injury . " World Cup The tragedy is one of the darkest moments for Algerian football in recent years , yet follows on from arguably the game 's high water mark a few months ago . The Algeria national team reached the second round of the 2014 World Cup finals in Brazil this summer before narrowly succumbing to eventual winners Germany . But Ebosse 's death , seemingly at the hands of supporters from his own team , has cast a shadow over the game . Algeria 's interior ministry has launched an investigation into the incident . Path to Europe Ebosse 's fledgling career was on a path that many talented and ambitious African soccer player follow . After excelling in the Cameroon league he arrived in Algeria , via a spell in Malaysia , in the hope of one day making the short trip across the Mediterranean to play in Europe , emulating the likes of the country 's most famous player Samuel Eto'o . North African clubs have dominated the continent 's competitions in recent years . Their leagues , from Morocco in the west to Egypt in the east , are generally well funded , well organized and well supported compared to the rest of Africa . But the tragedy has shone a spotlight on fan violence in Algeria , a problem that many in the country believe has not been adequately tackled . "  At the moment all memories of the World Cup are forgotten , " said Maher Mezahi , an Algerian soccer journalist based in the north of the country . "  Two weeks ago everyone was singing the praises of Algerian football . On the ground Algerian football needs to come a long way . He tore things up , scored 17 goals . All Algerian journalist could n't say a bad word against him . He was softly spoken , polite , principled . It 's a tragedy . " Last season Ebosse was on the receiving end of monkey chants from one set of opposition supporters . He responded by scoring , and then dancing in front of the supporters who had racially abused him . "  I think if I 'm injured , black or white will not come out of my body , " he told the Algerian media after the match , according to Mezahi . "  Red will . "	CAF warns on hooliganism following death of Cameroon player Albert Ebosse killed during match in Algeria Ebosse , 24 , was top scorer in Algeria last season Killed by a rock , allegedly thrown from home crowd
CNN  -- Authorities hunting the killer of a police officer in Northern Ireland last week say they have seized a gun and ammunition . Two people in masks prepare to throw petrol bombs in Lurgan , Northern Ireland . They were found Saturday in Craigavon , the town where Stephen Carroll , 48 , was shot dead on Monday , a police statement said Sunday . Authorities also arrested two more people in connection with the killing of Carroll -- a 37-year-old man and a 30-year-old woman . That brings the total in custody to five , police told CNN . And they arrested another person over the killing of two soldiers just days before Carroll was killed . A total of four people are now in custody in the killing of soldiers Cengiz "  Pat " Azimkar , 21 , and Mark Quinsey , 23 , at the Massereene barracks March 7 . The Massereene barracks killings were the first fatal attack on British troops in the province for more than 12 years . Carroll was the first police officer killed in political violence since 1998 . The shootings have raised fears that the province could plunge back to the sectarian violence that claimed the lives of 3,600 people over three decades before the Good Friday Agreement in 1998 . The Continuity IRA , a republican splinter group that does not accept the Good Friday Agreement , said it had killed Carroll , while the Real IRA , another splinter group , said it had killed the soldiers , Britain 's Press Association reported . Northern Ireland 's top police officer , Hugh Orde , insisted Sunday that the militant groups that want the province to leave the United Kingdom and become part of Ireland are "  small ... disrupted , infiltrated and disorganized . " "  The current wisdom is that they number around 300 in a population of 1.75 million , " he wrote in Britain 's News of the World newspaper . But , he said : "  In the past 18 months or so there have been at least 25 attempts by dissident terrorists to kill officers on and off duty . " Rioting flared near Belfast , the capital of Northern Ireland , after an earlier round of arrests Saturday . Police said petrol bombs were hurled at police in Lurgan , west of Belfast . There were no arrests or injuries reported , despite gangs of youths on the streets , authorities said . One of the men arrested in connection with the killing of the soldiers , Colin Duffy , 41 , is from Lurgan . He was among three whose arrests were announced Saturday . A fourth man was arrested Saturday night , said the police spokeswoman , who declined to be named in line with policy . She released no details about the man or the location of the arrest . The two British soldiers were shot dead a week ago at a base in Massereene , in Antrim , as they were preparing to ship out for duty in Afghanistan . The soldiers had packed their bags and changed into their uniforms , authorities said . Two masked gunmen with automatic rifles shot them as the soldiers picked up a pizza delivery at the barracks , authorities said . Two other soldiers and the two pizza delivery men were seriously wounded . Politicians from across the political spectrum have condemned the killings , with Sinn Fein deputy leader Martin McGuinness calling the killers "  traitors to the island of Ireland . " Sinn Fein is a predominantly Catholic party that wants Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and become part of the Republic of Ireland . The party is widely thought to be linked to the Irish Republican Army . Danny Kennedy , deputy leader of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party , which wants Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , also condemned the attack as "  wicked and murderous . "	Authorities hunting killer of policeman in N. Ireland seize gun , ammunition 3 more arrests over killings of two soldiers and officer Petrol bombs hurled at police after earlier arrests of six men Two republican groups have reportedly claimed responsibility for the killings
Manchester , England  CNN  -- A former teammate of once acclaimed , now embattled former cyclist Lance Armstrong said Friday that there was no question why U.S. Postal Service team members doped during big races . "  It was done by the team , but it was done for the Tour de France so I could be a good teammate for Lance Armstrong , " Tyler Hamilton told CNN on Friday . "  He wanted you to be riding your best in the biggest races . " Hamilton , who admits he 's not Armstrong 's "  biggest fan , " is one of 26 witnesses who testified to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency as part of its investigation into doping by Armstrong and other riders on the team . Armstrong 's legacy may withstand accusations In its report , released Wednesday , the organization tasked with keeping banned substances out of U.S. Olympic-sanctioned sports said it had uncovered "  overwhelming evidence " that Armstrong had participated in and helped run the cycling team 's doping program . Armstrong 's lawyer Tim Herman dismissed the USADA report as a "  one-sided hatchet job " and a "  government-funded witch hunt " against the seven-time Tour de France winner , who has consistently denied doping accusations . Armstrong decided to give up fighting the agency 's investigation in August , after a federal judge dismissed a lawsuit he had filed seeking to stop the probe . Hamilton was one of two former members of Armstrong 's cycling team who spoke to CNN Friday about the doping allegations . Emma O'Reilly , a former part masseuse and part personal assistant to Armstrong and his cycling team , said she hoped her decision to talk about doping -- which she first did nearly a decade ago and more recently through the USADA report -- will help make the sport of cycling better , rather than simply bring Armstrong down . "  I think that now , more than ever , this is the opportunity for riders to have the choice to ride clean and stay clean if they choose to , " O'Reilly told CNN . The USADA sent its report -- chronicling what it called "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program that sport has ever seen " -- to international cycling authorities , who are considering a request to strip Armstrong of his Tour de France titles and other wins . And the International Olympic Committee said Friday that it also is examining the agency 's evidence to decide if it should consider taking away the bronze medal Armstrong won in the 2000 Sydney Olympics , according to spokesman Andrew Mitchell . Meanwhile , the RadioShack Nissan Trek cycling team announced Friday that it is parting ways with Johan Bruyneel , who managed the U.S. Postal Service and Discovery racing teams on which Armstrong raced . In its report , the USADA said "  the overwhelming evidence in this case is that Johan Bruyneel was intimately involved in all significant details of the U.S. Postal team 's doping program . " Bruyneel is among three former U.S. Postal Service and Discovery team officials who are fighting the charges . The Radio Shack Nissan Trek team said the mutual decision "  is necessary to make this decision since Johan Bruyneel can no longer direct the Team in an efficient and comfortable way . " On his website , Bruyneel said he was "  surprised and extremely disappointed " the USADA released its findings before he could review them . "  I still hope to be able to defend myself in a forum free from bias , although I now fear that USADA 's calculated action may have irreversibly prejudiced my case , " he said . Armstrong teammates recount tricking drug testers In her affidavit , released Wednesday , O'Reilly reiterated allegations she first made in a 2003 book "  L.A. Confidentiel " by two journalists on allegations against Armstrong . She told the agency she engaged in clandestine trips to pick up and drop off what she assumed were doping products and said she was in the room when Armstrong and two other team officials came up with a plan to backdate a prescription for corticosteroids for a saddle sore to explain a positive steroid test result during the 1999 Tour de France . "  Now , Emma , you know enough to bring me down , " she says Armstrong told her after the meeting . "  The quote has got a bit dramatized , " she said . "  History has shown that I did n't have enough to bring him down , and I never wanted to bring him down . Never , ever wanted to bring Lance down . " Doping was commonplace in cycling in the '90s , O'Reilly said , as integral to the sport as the bikes that bore riders up and down the French hillside . She said she tried to distance herself from doping activities but felt some pressure to go along . She said she first came across doping by the team in 1998 , when she said a man gave her a package that he described as testosterone for team cyclist George Hincapie . The man , whose name is redacted from the affidavit , warned her not to travel to the United States with it , O'Reilly said . Hincapie acknowledged using banned substances in his affidavit to the USADA and in a statement released the same day . That same year , she says , Armstrong gave her a small plastic-wrapped package after a race in The Netherlands and asked her to dispose of it . O'Reilly said Armstrong told her it "  contained some things he was uneasy traveling with and had not wanted to throw away at the team hotel . " O'Reilly also recounted buying makeup for Armstrong to conceal what she said he described as bruise from a syringe injection during a race . While O'Reilly said she never saw Armstrong use banned substances -- though she felt sure that he did -- Hamilton had a different story , saying "  the first time I ever blood-doped was with Lance " and that Armstrong was well aware and involved with everything that happened . The Massachusetts-born cyclist recalled how the U.S. Postal Service team had a French man , whom he referred to as Motoman , who followed the tour on his motorcycle to deliver the performance-enhancing drug EPO at different stops . Your Armstrong questions answered Asked why few cyclists on his team were caught despite what he characterized as repeated doping , Hamilton said they just did as they were told . "  The team doctors told us what we could take , when we could take it , how long it would stay in our system , " he said . "  So if we followed those simple rules , 99 times out of 100 , we would pass . " Having first tested positive for doping in 2004 , Hamilton said he continued to lie -- pointing to what he called omerta , or "  the code of silence ... within the top tier of cycling . " "  I believed that was my only way back into the sport , " he said . "  It is a bit of a mafia . It 's a powerful group . You can say the wrong thing , and next thing you know ... " It was n't until last year , with an interview on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " and the publication of a book the following year , that Hamilton came clean about being a chronic user . He said telling the truth has been cathartic for him , while expressing understanding about his former teammate 's continued denials . "  I lied for a long , long time . And you start believing some of your lies , " said Hamilton , who accused Armstrong of trying to intimidate him a year and a half ago . "  And he 's got himself really backed into a corner . " Armstrong on giving up fight against doping accusations CNN 's Amanda Davies , Zayn Nabbi , Kabeer Mahajan , Michael Pearson and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Tyler Hamilton says his ex-teammate Armstrong "  wanted you to be riding your best " NEW : "  He 's got himself really backed into a corner , " Hamilton says of Armstrong Former Armstrong team manager quits current team , citing need to defend himself Anti-doping agency says Johan Bruyneel was "  intimately involved " in alleged doping
CNN  -- British newspaper publishers have failed in their bid to block a new government-backed royal charter on press regulation , clearing the way for a new system of regulation proposed by UK lawmakers but opposed by news publishing companies . The royal charter is lawmakers ' attempt to implement the recommendations of the 2012 Leveson Inquiry into press ethics , which was set up after outrage over claims of widespread phone hacking and other abuses by elements of the UK press . Supporters of the charter say it provides the legal framework and sufficient penalties to ensure effective self-regulation by a press which , they believe , has failed to do so in the past . Detractors say the government should never have a role , however remote , in regulating the press , and that the proposed charter is an attack on journalism and on press freedom . At Hacked Off , a campaign group which fought for the changes and was set up in the wake of the phone hacking scandal , a spokesman said : "  News publishers now have a great opportunity to join a scheme that will not only give the public better protection from press abuses , but will also uphold freedom of expression , protect investigative journalism and benefit papers financially ... "  The time has come for the newspaper companies to listen to all of those voices , including the vast majority of their readers , and to distance themselves from a past marred by bullying , fabrication and intrusion . " But Roy Greenslade , a former editor who is now a media commentator , said in his Guardian column : "  It means , now that the Queen has approved it , that we face the existence of a royal charter to set up a system of press regulation that no publisher will sign up for . They will simply ignore its existence . " "  Instead , the publishers will create their own system , having already advanced concrete plans for a new regulator , the Independent Press Standards Organisation  Ipso  . " In the UK Press Gazette , Tim Crook , a member of the Chartered Institute of Journalists , went further . He said the government 's royal charter "  prescribes an unwanted , untried , untested , under-researched system of arbitration for media law disputes mostly paid for by the media whether they win or lose , taking place in secret , and leaving those who opt out with the future burden of punitive legal costs for open justice high court litigation . " At the UK Government 's Department for Culture , Media and Sport , a spokesperson said : "  A Royal Charter will protect freedom of the press whilst offering real redress when mistakes are made . Importantly , it is the best way of resisting full statutory regulation that others have tried to impose . We will continue to work with the Industry , as we always have , and recent changes secured by the Culture Secretary , to arbitration , the standards code and the parliamentary lock will ensure the system is workable . " But Tony Gallagher , editor of the Daily Telegraph , tweeted : "  Well done everyone involved in the Royal Charter . Chances of us signing up for state interference : zero . " And Tim Luckhurst , a CNN contributor and University of Kent journalism professor tweeted : "  The Royal Charter is bad for journalism , bad for freedom of speech , and - vitally - appalling for the British public . " He added : "  Today Britain squandered a precious freedom.I fear that those who welcome press regulation now will regret it profoundly but too late . "	Court in Britain denies newspapers ' attempt to block royal charter regulating press Charter establishes government-backed plan to regulate UK press Pro-government regulation activist : Plan will give public better protection from press abuse Media commentator for Guardian : Publishers will simply ignore charter
Actor Dash Mihok first attracted Hollywood 's attention in Baz Luhrmann 's 1996 take of "  Romeo + Juliet . " Since then he 's had roles in several major films -- "  The Day After Tomorrow , " "  The Thin Red Line " and the award-winning "  Silver Linings Playbook " -- and a long list of television shows , including "  Felicity , " "  Law & Order " and "  The Good Wife . " Mihok currently stars on Showtime 's "  Ray Donovan " as Ray 's brother Bunchy . It 's an impressive career for anyone trying to break into show business , but Mihok makes it more impressive with his revelation : He was diagnosed with Tourette 's syndrome at age 6 . CNN spoke with Mihok in Lakeland , Florida , where he was speaking out against bullying at schools in connection with Jaylen 's Challenge . The following is an excerpt of that interview : CNN : What was it like for you , at 6 years old , when you first started experiencing symptoms of Tourette 's ? Dash Mihok : My first tic was to shake my head violently . I was in karate class , and I was shaking violently . All of a sudden , I just started to notice that the teacher was looking at me , and all the kids were wondering what I was doing . I suddenly felt really strange . It was the experience of knowing that you 're doing something and that you have to do it . It 's impossible to stop , and that 's very unnerving , no matter what age you are . You 're scared , you 're interested , you 're wondering : "  What is this that 's happening to me ? " I think , as with anything that comes about health-wise , it 's always going to be sort of scary and interesting at the same time . CNN : Did you ever experience any violent tics , where you hurt yourself of someone around you ? Mihok : I 've have a number of violent tics . With Tourette syndrome , there 's not just compulsive actions , but compulsive thoughts as well . That used to scare my mother a lot . I 've done everything from having to slap my butt or kick my own face . You know , I had this tic where I touch my mouth to my knee , and I 'm always screwing up my back . I 've had two shoulder surgeries . My doctor just smiles and laughs at me . I probably am going to need another one , because when they do the surgery , they say the one thing you ca n't do is this  reaches arm behind back to touch the top of his back  . That 's one of my biggest tics . CNN : As you started auditioning for bigger and bigger roles , did you try to hide your Tourette 's from the casting directors and producers ? Mihok : It 's funny you should ask that question . When I auditioned when I was younger , I definitely hid it . In fact , I hid it from the Hollywood world as much as I could until , probably , my mid-20s . I 'm not sure if that was a conscious effort , but it was just what I did growing up . It was better for me to cope that way . I 'd just keep it bottled up , then go somewhere else and have an outburst . Auditioning is one of the most nerve-racking things you could ever do , but you have to be so focused that you do n't tic . CNN : Watching you act , it 's almost impossible to pick up on any of your "  tic-ing . " How are you able to keep it under wraps while filming your scenes ? Mihok : This is a very old debate , and I do n't think it should be a debate , but it is . People believe that if you can shut your Tourette 's off for a period of time , then you can always shut it off . I try to explain to people that if I spent my whole life trying to control my tics , that 's all I would have time for . If I can just accept it , and tic when I want to and have my passion project -- what I 'm mentally , physically , emotionally invested in something -- where you 're fully focused and your body ports and mind are all moving toward this one goal , you 're focused and you can shut it off , but only for a certain period of time . Then , you have to let loose . I think that 's what it 's like for most people , who let loose in other ways , doing different things . But to the skeptics , I would say , "  I just wish you could walk in my shoes , just for an hour , to know what it feels like to have the greatest itch you 've ever had and multiply that by a thousand . There 's no way you ca n't scratch it . It 's impossible . You have to do it . " Some people , unfortunately , do n't believe that , and to them I would say , "  Step into my shoes for a day . " CNN : You 've teamed up with a foundation called Jaylen 's Challenge to visit schools and educate kids about Tourette 's and bullying . Why is your work with Jaylen so important to you ? Mihok : You know , when we do these presentations , there are some kids that probably tune it out , but you can also see there are a bunch of kids who really get it . When I see that one kid that really gets it , you see the light in their eye -- they identify with Jaylen . At one point in their life , they have either been the bully or been bullied . They look at themselves in the mirror and they 're at an age where they 're starting to learn about their own consciousness . If just one kid leaves with that much more confidence , willing to talk to one more person , willing to take that shot to stop a bully in his or her tracks . If I see just one kid with a little sparkle in their eye , having learned something , that means the world to me .	Dash Mihok currently stars on Showtime 's "  Ray Donovan " as Ray 's brother Bunchy Mihok was diagnosed with Tourette 's syndrome at the age of 6 Actor : "  If I spent my whole life trying to control my tics , that 's all I would have time for "
CNN  -- Wildfires , tornadoes , snow , ice , flooding , all on the same day . Sure , it sounds weird . But it 's not , CNN meteorologist Judson Jones said Tuesday . "  It 's just spring , " he said . "  Blinding snow and 40 degrees below average does not sound like spring in Denver . On the flip side , the 20 degrees above average forecast for New York City feels more like early summer , " he said . "  But the unexpected is what we expect in spring . " A day after bizarre weather on Monday in which emergency workers northeast of Denver responded to a wildfire , a possible tornado and a blizzard warning -- all within a 50-mile radius -- a storm pouring over the Rockies gave Denver students a rare snow day on Tuesday . It also caused the cancellation of at least 486 flights at Denver International Airport . In South Dakota , which was on the lookout for up to 11 inches of snow on Tuesday , nearly four-tenths of an inch of ice had been recorded near Sioux Falls , with more on the way , the National Weather Service reported . "  It was 65 all last week ! " CNN iReporter Nathan Zacher said . "  Normally around 55 degrees this time of year . " The ice was downing trees and making travel tough , he said . And while the Southeast and parts of the Northeast basked in sunny warmth , residents of the Central Plains braced for the possibility of severe storms , including tornadoes . Central Oklahoma and parts of north central Texas were under moderate threat of severe thunderstorms , including the possibility of tornadoes , through Tuesday night , Jones said . About 2.6 million people live in the path of those storms , which includes Oklahoma City and Tulsa in Oklahoma and Wichita Falls in Texas , Jones said . The primary threat from those storms will be large hail , the National Weather Service said . Half-dollar-size hail was reported in Hamilton County , Iowa , and hail covered the ground in Fullerton , Nebraska . In Denver on Tuesday , schools were closed , despite grumblings from parents online that there would be too little snow to keep kids home . In a posting on its website , the district said Monday night that it made the call because it could be too hazardous to put kids on buses in what were expected to be icy , low-visibility conditions Tuesday morning . At Denver International Airport , the staff said on Twitter that crews were continuing to clear snow and ice from runways and about half the canceled flights were commuter flights to smaller Rocky Mountain towns . Weather tracker Monday Weather Those actions followed a busy day in Colorado , where the storm knocked out power to about half the small town of Akron , destroyed a mobile home and damaged two other structures , at least one of which was a home , the state Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management said . No serious injuries were reported . While it was not immediately clear if the winds in that storm were from a tornado , a tornado did briefly touch down near Bonny Lake in eastern Colorado on Monday , the National Weather Service reported . Colorado crews also worked a 2,600-acre wildfire in Sterling County . Colorado has long been in a drought , and it would n't take much to spark a fire there , Jones said . Wet , wet , wet Inclement weather is not limited to the snow and ice . The National Weather Service said to expect "  a plethora of interesting weather conditions . " Flood watches and warnings are in effect for most of Wisconsin on Tuesday , to be followed by freezing rain later in the week . "  Severe thunderstorms and even isolated tornadoes are possible across the central and southern Plains to the mid and lower Mississippi Valley , " the weather service said . By Wednesday , a squall line stretching from Memphis down through Louisiana should roll eastward through the Deep South , pushing along heavy thunderstorms , hail , damaging winds and possibly short-lived tornadoes , forecasters said . It will be unseasonably warm in the Ohio Valley , Mid-Atlantic and Southeast , the weather service predicts . It 's not all bad Most of the country will see rain for the better part of the week . That 's good news for the Plains and mountain states , which have seen extreme to exceptional drought for months . The snow in the mountain states will extend the fun for winter sport fans , according Coloradoski.com . As ski season winds down , with about half of resorts already closed , some popular slopes are expecting 1 to 5 inches of fresh powder through Wednesday . The same goes for resorts in Utah . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Hail is hammering parts of Iowa and Nebraska NEW : 486 flights are canceled at Denver 's airport An ice storm is making travel tough in South Dakota , a CNN iReporter says
Washington D.C.  CNN  -- Kim Jong Un has further solidified his control over North Korea by reportedly purging his uncle Jang Sung-taek , Vice Chairman of the important Nation Defense Commission . Although Jang was often referred to as the "  second most powerful man in North Korea , " he may now been ousted from the leadership elite for the third time . He has twice returned to the inner circle of power , but this cat may now have run out of lives . Kim 's uncle ` probably ' ousted , S. Korean lawmakers say What does the move say about the stability of North Korea ? Some experts perceive a weak , embattled Kim feeling forced to fend off challengers . But it is more likely that Kim 's purge of Jang -- as well as hundreds of other officials since 2011 -- shows that the North Korean ruler is firmly in control and confident enough to target even the most senior strata of power . Like his father and grandfather , Kim is playing rivals off against each other to eliminate real or perceived challengers . Debate rages amongst experts as to why Kim felt it necessary to purge his former mentor and protector . Potential explanations revolve around four Ps -- power , parity , people and policy . Although a classic struggle for power between the leader and potential contenders is a possible explanation , Jang had seemed content to play the role of   minence grise , exercising power behind the throne . The best chance for Jang to have grabbed the ring of power would have been when Kim was weakest immediately after his father 's death in 2011 . But even then , the young Kim was immediately presented as the sole ruler and not as a part of a leadership consortium . After Kim acquired each of his father 's titles affirming control over the government , military , and party , it became increasingly more difficult for potential challengers to oust him . Kim Jong Un more bellicose than his dad was ? Then there 's the issue of parity between the Korean Workers ' Party  KWP  and the military . Under Kim Jong Il , power shifted to the military , as the National Defense Commission became the preeminent center of government power . But under his son , the KWP has regained some power . The KWP 's Central Military Commission has now eclipsed the National Defense Commission as the arbiter of North Korean military policies . Rather than a struggle to wrest power from Kim , the purge may instead result from people fighting for closer access to him . There are widespread rumors that Jang was defeated in a struggle with personal rivals . The least likely explanation for the purge is a debate over policy . Although Jang was often referred to as a "  reformer " by the media , there is little evidence that he or any hidden cabal advocated implementing significant economic and political reform or moderating North Korea 's threatening behavior . Pyongyang created the perception of factions of hardliners and reformers as part of a "  good cop-bad cop " strategy to elicit benefits during negotiations . As a Korean adage warns , "  The same animal has soft fur and sharp claws . " When Kim ascended the throne in 2011 , he was erroneously perceived as a reformer simply because he had spent a few years in Switzerland as a teen . The likely departure of his uncle will have little impact on North Korea policy . Kim has shown himself to be just as inimical to reform and pursuing a less belligerent foreign policy as his predecessors . He showed his willingness to escalate tensions on the Korean Peninsula to dangerous levels earlier this year , threatening nuclear attacks against the United States and South Korea . The young leader has also made clear he has no intention of abandoning his regime 's nuclear weapons , even revising the constitution to enshrine North Korea as a nuclear weapons state . Pyongyang declared , "  those who talk about an economic reward in return for the dismantlement of -LSB- North Korea 's -RSB- nuclear weapons would be well advised to awake from their daydream ... Only fools will entertain the delusion that we will trade our nuclear deterrent for petty economic aid . " Rather than seeking an illusory North Korean reformer , Washington and Seoul should instead prepare for the extended rule of yet another member of the Kim family willing to test the resolve of his opponents . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Bruce Klingner .	Jang Sung-taek was the vice chairman of North Korea 's top military body Klingner : Shows that leader Kim Jong Un is firmly in control and confident Widespread rumors that Jang was defeated in a struggle with personal rivals , he says Klingner : Departure of his uncle will have little impact on North Korea policy
A young Yemeni girl stares defiantly into the camera . Her question is a shocking one , coming from an 11-year-old : "  Would it make you happy to marry me off ? " asks Nada Al-Ahdal . In the nearly two-and-a-half-minute video , which was uploaded to YouTube and quickly went viral , Nada accuses her parents of trying to get her married off in exchange for money . She explains how she does n't want to be one of Yemen 's child brides . "  Death would be a better option for me , " she declares . Nada also speaks on behalf of other Yemeni girls : "  What about the innocence of childhood ? What have the children done wrong so that you would marry them off like that ? " The video , which been seen by millions of people around the world , has put a spotlight once more on Yemen 's child marriages . It has also made Nada an online sensation , although questions have been raised : Did her story add up ? Was she really being pressured to get married ? Nada 's parents have repeatedly stressed they have no intention to marry her off . And Seyaj , Yemen 's leading child-rights organization , said they believed portions of Nada 's story were fabricated . Child brides : No sanctuary for Syria 's female refugees Yemen 's history with child marriage In deeply tribal Yemen , the issue of child marriage is extremely complicated . In 2008 , 10-year-old Nujood Ali shocked the world when she went to a court in Sanaa and asked a judge for a divorce . After a highly publicized trial , she was granted one . She became a heroine to those trying to raise awareness about Yemen , where more than half of all young girls are married before age 18 , according to Human Rights Watch . In 2009 , Yemen 's parliament passed legislation raising the minimum age of marriage to 17 . But conservative parliamentarians argued the bill violated Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age of marriage , and the bill was never signed . Activist groups and politicians are still trying change the law , but more than 100 leading religious clerics have said restricting the age of marriage is "  un-Islamic . " "  The consequences of child marriage are devastating and long-lasting -- girls are removed from school , their education permanently disrupted , and many suffer chronic health problems as a result of having too many children too soon , " said Liesl Gerntholtz , director of the Women 's Rights Division at Human Rights Watch . "  It is critical that Yemen takes immediate and concrete steps to protect girls from these abuses , including setting a minimum age of marriage . " Yemeni journalist Hind Aleryani , who interviewed Nada after the release of her video , says child marriage is a terrible problem in Yemen . "  It 's common more in the poorer communities , " Aleryani said . "  There is a proverb , a Yemeni saying : ` Marry an 8-year-old girl , she 's guaranteed , ' which means the 8-year-old girl is surely a virgin . It 's a disgusting saying and inhumane , but it 's said by everyone and it 's very well-known . " Aleryani adds , however , that there 's reason for hope -- explaining how the fact there 's been such a huge reaction to Nada 's video proves attitudes are beginning to shift there . "  Things changed a lot after the revolution , and now people are more aware of the problem , " she said . "  Before we used to feel like there 's no hope -- you ca n't do anything about it . Those conservative parties used to be stronger than us , but lately they are not . " Child bride turned scholar : Education is the road out of poverty Talking to Nada CNN found Nada a few weeks after the video 's release , and she was living with her uncle in Sanaa . She said it was n't just her immediate family that she ran away from in her hometown of Hodeida . "  I ran away from marriage , " she said . "  I ran away from ignorance . I ran away from being bought and sold . " Seeming relaxed and happy , Nada showed off Facebook pages featuring her singing , and she talked about the singing group she 's a part of -- an unusual sight in conservative , rural Yemen . She said she asked a friend to make the YouTube video so she could tell the world how tough it is for girls there . "  I 'd rather commit suicide than get engaged , " she said . Days later , Yemen 's interior ministry , acting with Seyaj , took Nada from her uncle and placed her in a women 's shelter . Ramzia Al-Eryani , one of Yemen 's leading women 's rights activists and president of the Yemen Women 's Union , was appointed Nada 's temporary legal guardian until the dispute could be settled . Married at 13 to a man in his 70s The drama came to a head this past weekend , and CNN gained exclusive access as the parties came face to face . Before Nada entered the room , Al-Eryani spoke with both of Nada 's parents and her uncle . "  If you love her , save her childhood . ... You all are adults -- you all know what 's best for her -- but we need to protect this child , " Al-Eryani said . Nada entered the room a short time later . Facing her parents , she answered allegations that her story may have been made up . At one point , she asked Al-Eryani , "  Why do you believe them and do n't believe me ? " before breaking down in tears . "  I do n't care about what 's best for the mom or dad or uncle , " Al-Eryani explained later , "  just what 's best for the girl . " Where the truth lies has been hard to determine . In an extraordinary moment during the proceedings , Nada asked for something few in the room were expecting . "  In the countryside , there 's no English classes , there 's no computer classes , " she said , talking about her hometown . "  Please let me stay in Sanaa and study here . " All she wants , apparently , is a chance at a better life . And she might get it : At the end of session , they made an agreement : The entire family -- parents and uncle included , are going to move into the house of another relative in Sanaa , to see if they can work it all out together .	In 2 1/2 minute YouTube video , Nada , 11 , says death would be better than marriage "  What about the innocence of childhood ? " she says in video CNN gains exclusive access to parties involved in case
In the afterglow of Chris Christie 's smashing re-election win last November , a chorus of big-name Republicans heralded the charismatic New Jersey governor as the party 's savior in 2016 . Not everyone was so enamored . Just days after the election , Texas Gov. Rick Perry appeared on national television and poured cold water on Christie 's impressive victory . "  He was a successful governor in New Jersey , " Perry said on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  Now does that transcend to the country ? We 'll see in later years and months to come . We 're all different states . Is a conservative in New Jersey a conservative in the rest of the country ? " The comments made headlines , but were largely seen as just another predictable potshot fired off by one likely presidential contender jockeying for position with another . But Perry 's curt dismissal belied a much deeper resentment toward Christie -- and thrust a long-simmering tension between two of the Republican Party 's biggest personalities into public view . It is a rivalry that continues today and colors many of the political discussions inside the usually drama-free Republican Governors Association , the powerful fundraising committee currently helmed by Christie . Even with the slow-burning controversies that have engulfed his governorship in New Jersey , Christie , a prolific fundraiser , maintains the support of his fellow governors , barring any further revelations that contradict his story about the George Washington Bridge lane closures . But should Christie ever be forced to step aside , Perry -- along with his close ally , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal -- represents another power base inside the governors association that could step into the leadership void . In Perry-world , Christie is seen as pompous and disrespectful , both to his fellow governors and the sense of collegial decorum that has ruled the governors association for years . To Christie and his allies on the committee , Perry is regarded as unserious , past his prime and too conservative for the national stage . When Christie traveled to Dallas and Fort Worth on Thursday for a series of closed-door meetings with leading governors association donors , Perry was hundreds of miles from the scene . The Democratic National Committee , which has turned its full artillery on Christie in the wake of the bridge fiasco , highlighted Perry 's absence as a sign of Republicans fleeing a scandal-tarnished governor . ` They just do n't like each other ' The truth is that Perry likely would have avoided Christie anyway , with or without the subpoena-flecked drama back in Trenton . "  There are factions within the RGA , " said an adviser to one Republican governor . "  Perry is kind of the leader of one , and Christie is the leader of the other . They just do n't like each other . " Like most of the people interviewed for this story -- including aides to both Christie and Perry -- the adviser declined to talk on the record so as not to offend two of the most powerful governors in the country . Christie and his close-knit team control the purse strings of the governors association , a cash-flush campaign committee that will help fund the party 's slate of gubernatorial candidates in 2014 . And despite the embarrassment of his failed White House campaign , Perry is angling to run for president again and continues to be a gatekeeper to many GOP donors in Texas , a wealthy state that doubles as an ATM for Republican politicians . Supporters of the two men who volunteered to discuss their relationship openly were cautious with their words . "  I think there are stylistic differences based on their upbringing and where they come from , " said Republican operative Bob Haus , chairman of Perry 's 2012 caucus campaign in Iowa . "  There is a humility that comes from being from the South . And there is a brashness that comes from being from the Northeast . And that may be very apparent between the two of them . " Most accounts of their sour relationship begin in 2011 , during the bruising Republican presidential campaign , in which Christie endorsed Mitt Romney on his way to the GOP nomination . With backing from some of the GOP 's biggest donors , Perry entered the race late that summer to much fanfare , rocketing to the top of national polls and providing Romney with his first serious primary opponent . Perry had resigned his post as chairman of the governors association , but was still counting on support from his fellow Republican governors . But one of them , Christie , was reluctant to give it . Christie not shy with his thoughts about Perry Throughout the GOP primary battles , even before his endorsement of Romney , Christie was not shy with his thoughts about Perry . In private sessions with donors , governors and assorted Republican power brokers , Christie asserted that Perry was far from qualified for the White House . "  Christie was unequivocal in saying that the Perry he had gotten to know , while a nice guy , was not suited for the presidency , " said one Republican familiar with the conversations . "  That was not kept a secret . He was pretty comfortable telling people that . Major donors , other governors and the like . That quickly got back to Perry . " Perry 's team chafed at the way Christie handled his endorsement process , in which the GOP candidates were summoned to Drumthwacket , the New Jersey governor 's residence , to dine with Christie and his top aides in hopes of winning his support . One veteran of Perry 's campaign described the ritual as "  imperial . " Perry never made the trip . When Christie ultimately endorsed Romney just hours before a debate in New Hampshire , no one bothered to give a simple courtesy call to Perry-world , the former campaign aide said . After his presidential race concluded , a chastened Perry returned to Austin and began dabbling in governors association business again . According to Christie sympathizers , he discovered that his once-rising star had been eclipsed by a younger set of governors , chief among them the ambitious Christie . "  Perry had gotten used to being everyone 's favorite governor , " said one GOP strategist who works with the committee . "  Everyone loved the guy and he could raise a lot of money . And he took it hard that it did n't translate to presidential support . When he came back on the RGA scene , he showed up , and guess who everybody 's favorite governor was ? Chris Christie . A new guy with a lot of swagger and fundraising ability . And he was from New Jersey . " "  You can only have so many sheriffs in one town , " the strategist added . Beyond the obvious political tensions -- both are headstrong politicians with room-filling personalities and White House ambitions in 2016 -- people close to both governors point to a complicated cultural gulf between the two men when asked about their fraught relationship . Perry not naturally drawn to Christie Perry , the socially conservative son of north Texas ranchers who wears his evangelical faith on his sleeve , is n't naturally drawn to Christie , a lawyer raised in the shadow of New York City who wants Republicans to move beyond the conservative orthodoxies that have damaged the party 's brand with swing voters . Christie is friendlier to the bumper crop of Republican governors who were elected in 2010 , in particular Wisconsin 's Scott Walker and New Mexico 's Susana Martinez . Perry , who became governor nearly a decade before Christie , is notoriously close with Jindal , the current vice-chairman of the governors association who is thought to have his own presidential aspirations . "  Those two are like brothers , " said the adviser to a Republican governor . "  They 're always doing stuff together . " In summer 2012 , even before that November 's presidential election , Christie began jockeying with Jindal to take over the chairmanship of the governors association in 2014 , a prime election year post that would give one of them a coveted launchpad for a potential White House bid . Perry actively worked to support Jindal . But after an unusually furious bout of behind-the-scenes campaigning , Christie won the prized post , thanks largely to his star power on the fundraising circuit . Jindal agreed to serve as governors association chairman in 2013 . But the Christie-Perry rift was exposed again last November when Christie , the soon-to-be-anointed governors association chairman , moved to install Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on the governors association 's executive committee . Word of Christie 's maneuvering frustrated Jindal , the outgoing chairman , who had wanted to give the open spot to Perry , in part because of the Texan 's fundraising prowess . "  Perry got wind of this , got pissed , and started calling all these governors , " said one Republican consultant who witnessed the intense executive committee campaign that soon followed . Another operative familiar with the incident said : "  Why keep a governor who has been the most prolific fundraiser in the history of the governors association and from a huge donor state off the executive committee ? It was strictly a power play by Christie . " As Perry supporters tell it , Perry outworked Christie on the phones and whipped up enough support among his fellow governors to force Christie into a compromise : The governors association agreed to add a slot on the executive committee so that both Perry and Pence could serve . Christie allies have a different take : The governor simply agreed to give both Perry and Pence executive committee posts to avoid an unnecessary flame war inside the organization . "  The whole executive committee thing was very overblown , " said a governors association source when asked about the conflict . "  Once Christie figured out Perry wanted to be on board , he allowed him to be on board . And all the governors were happy with it . " As for the greater friction between Christie and Perry , the governors association source acknowledged some ill will but said the two Republicans have an amicable relationship . "  There may be some hangover from Christie endorsing Romney , but Christie respects Perry and his work as governor , and was happy to recommend him to join the executive committee , " the source said .	Rick Perry 's dismissal of Chris Christie 's big win in November belies a deep resentment In Perry-world , Christie is seen as pompous and disrespectful To Christie , Perry is unserious , past his prime and too conservative for the national stage "  You can only have so many sheriffs in one town , " one GOP strategist said
CNN  -- The family of the FedEx worker who police say went on a shooting rampage at his suburban Atlanta workplace before committing suicide has offered its "  deepest sympathies and condolences " to the victims . Police said Geddy L. Kramer , 19 , wounded six people at a FedEx package and delivery facility in Kennesaw , Georgia , on Tuesday morning before turning the gun on himself . "  First and foremost , our family would like to express our deepest sympathies and condolences to the victims of ...  the  tragedy and their families , " Geddy 's family wrote in a statement released Tuesday by police in nearby Acworth , where Kramer lived . "  Our prayers are for their complete and speedy recovery . "  Our thoughts are also with all the workers at FedEx who were affected by Geddy 's actions . We make no excuses for his actions and are shocked and devastated by them . There really are no adequate words at a time like this . Our family would appreciate our privacy at this very difficult time . " Police said they were alerted to the shooting at the 500,000-square-foot facility at 5:54 a.m. Tuesday . The six wounded workers were taken to a hospital , where one of them , a 28-year-old man , was in critical condition Tuesday evening , the hospital said . Three other patients -- a 52-year-old woman , a 22-year-old man and a 38-year-old man -- were listed in stable condition Tuesday evening . Two others , a 42-year-old woman and a 19-year-old man , were treated and released , the hospital said . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Stephanie Gallman and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Police say shooter was 19-year-old Geddy L. Kramer of Acworth , Georgia Kramer shot six people , then killed himself at FedEx facility Tuesday , police say
After months in detention , two Americans who had been held prisoner in North Korea soon will be back in the United States following a rare visit by a top U.S. official to the reclusive nation and a letter from President Barack Obama . Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller , the last two Americans detained in North Korea , were due to arrive at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state about midnight ET  9 p.m. PT  . The pair were released after Director of National Intelligence James Clapper went to Pyongyang as an envoy of President Barack Obama , a senior State Department official told CNN . Clapper delivered a letter from Obama , addressed to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , describing Clapper as "  his personal envoy " to bring the Americans home , a senior administration official told CNN on Saturday . The letter was "  short and to the point , " the official said . Clapper did not meet with Kim . Clapper had no guarantee he would bring the Americans home , a senior State Department official told CNN . The North Korean government issued a statement about the release , saying it received an "  earnest apology " from Obama for the men 's actions . It also said the two were "  sincerely repentant of their crimes and  were  behaving themselves while serving their terms . " According to the statement , the first chairman of North Korea 's National Defense Commission ordered the release . The title is one of several top positions that Kim holds in the North Koran hierarchy . China assisted in the monthslong process of arranging the release , the official said . Clapper 's visit came after North Korea contacted the U.S. government unexpectedly and urged the administration to send a Cabinet-level official to North Korea 's capital to discuss the detained Americans , according to two sources close to the matter . A U.S. official told CNN that Washington believes Pyongyang reached out to show it had the clout to get a Cabinet-level official to come and doing so would help solidify Kim 's power . The request came about two weeks ago , the official said . Clapper ended up canceling an event in New York on Wednesday as the trip was being arranged , an Obama administration official said . He went to Pyongyang "  prepared to listen " on other issues , but that his sole focus was to bring Bae and Miller home , according to the same official . In fact , an official in Clapper 's office said the talks did n't even touch on North Korea 's controversial nuclear program . And other U.S. officials said there was no "  quid pro quo " for the men 's release . ` We are filled with joy ' Clapper 's office said the U.S. government is facilitating the two men 's return home . Bae 's family is to meet the plane but will not grant media interviews . Clapper and a U.S. delegation also are on the flight . Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told CNN that her family spent Saturday morning shedding happy tears and spreading the good news among relatives and friends . "  Words can not adequately express our relief and gratitude that Kenneth is finally coming home ! " the family added later in a full statement . "  We have been waiting for and praying for this day for two years . This ordeal has been excruciating for the family , but we are filled with joy right now . " There was no immediate reaction from Miller 's family . Obama expressed appreciation for Clapper 's efforts "  on what was obviously a challenging mission " and happiness Bae and Miller will soon be home . "  It 's a wonderful day for them and their families , " the President said . Another American let go weeks earlier The Americans ' departure from North Korea comes less than a month after North Korea released Jeffrey Fowle , an Ohio man who spent five months in detention . North Korean authorities took Fowle into custody after he left a Bible at a club in the northern part of the country . Bae had been held since late 2012 , and in April 2013 was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for "  hostile acts " against the North Korean government . North Korea claimed that Bae was part of a Christian plot to overthrow the regime . The Lynwood , Washington , resident operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to family members , who have described him as a devout Christian . ` He 's not a spy , ' Bae 's sister says after conviction Earlier this year , Bae -- who was transferred to a hospital last year -- told a Swedish diplomat that he was worried about his health . Miller had been detained since April . According to the state-run Korean Central News Agency , he was convicted in September of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea and sentenced to six years of hard labor . He 's been accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry into North Korea . American Miller convicted , sentenced In September , all three Americans then detained in North Korea -- Bae , Fowle and Miller -- talked with CNN in Pyongyang for about five minutes apiece . All said they 'd signed statements admitting their guilt , did not complain about their living conditions and asked for U.S. help . Americans detained in North Korea talk to CNN The interviews -- which CNN learned about only after being shuttled on a van to a secret location -- were monitored and recorded by North Korean officials . Talking Saturday , Fowle said that he 'd been "  upset " when he learned his fellow American detainees were n't going home with him last month . "  Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller should have been released before I was , " Fowle told CNN . "  But I 'm glad to hear that they 're on their way home now . " In a statement , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry welcomed the release of the two Americans and urged North Korea to release missionary Kim Jung-wook , who has been detained in the north on spying charges . It also asked North Korea to work with the south on humanitarian issues , such as family reunification . Ex-diplomat : North Korea may want to thaw U.S. relations CNN could not independently confirm details of the three Americans ' detention or other facts about their cases , in part because of the secrecy that defines much of North Korea 's dealings with the world . That includes the Communist nation 's much-maligned quest to develop nuclear weapons , something that has put it at odds with the United States , South Korea and many other countries around the world . North Korea has been subject to stringent international sanctions aimed at curbing its nuclear aspirations . The State Department official said that Bae and Miller 's release is "  unrelated " to other U.S. issues involving North Korea . Who is Kenneth Bae ? The United States welcomes the move , but if North Korea wants a better relationship with the world it needs to "  show it is serious and prepared to abide by its commitments , particularly concerning denuclearization , " the official said . "  And they must take significant steps to improve their human rights record . " Gordon Chang , the author of "  Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes On the World , " opines something must have changed in Pyongyang 's philosophy to justify releasing three American detainees in less than a month . "  I think right now there is a charm offensive , " Chang told CNN . Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who tried to win Bae 's release during a 2013 visit to North Korea , echoed that view , saying , "  They are sending a message to the United States that ` we 're ready to talk . ' " He added that no decision this big would have been made without the approval of Kim , who took over as North Korea 's absolute leader following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in 2011 . "  It appears that it is a good move by the North Koreans to restart the North Korean-American relationship , which has been in a really deep freeze , " said Richardson . Former basketball star Dennis Rodman , who has been criticized for his chumminess with North Korea 's leader , said in statement Saturday that his trips to the country influenced Bae 's release . Fast facts on detained Americans	Plane carrying men is scheduled to land at Washington base Kenneth Bae family has "  been waiting for and praying for this day for two years " Director of National Intelligence James Clapper traveled to Pyongyang North Korea claims it received apology from President Barack Obama
Moscow  CNN  -- A Moscow court has reduced the sentences of jailed Russian tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky and his former business partner Platon Lebedev by two years , the Russian Legal Information Agency said Thursday . They will each continue to serve out an 11-year sentence , instead of 13 years , for oil theft and money laundering charges , the agency said in a statement . Wikileaks : U.S. long concerned by Khodorkovsky trial This will make both men eligible for release in 2014 , Moscow City Court said . Khodorkovsky , an oil magnate who backed an opposition party , has been in jail since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 on charges of tax evasion and fraud . Pavel Khodorkovsky : Reason for optimism in Russia In 2010 , when the pair 's sentences on those counts were almost completed , they were convicted on oil theft and money laundering charges , effectively extending their prison term by six years . The sentence was reduced Thursday after an appeal hearing over their sentence at Moscow City Court , state news agency RAPSI said . Musicians ' message : Free Russian political prisoners Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , with countries including the United States accusing it of "  selective prosecution " and abuse of the legal system . Khodorkovsky has said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s . The Kremlin rejects the claims . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Mikhail Khodorkovsky will be eligible for release in 2014 The sentence for him and former business partner Platon Lebedev is cut by two years Khodorkovsky , an oil magnate who backed an opposition party , was jailed in 2003
CNN  -- The world 's appetite for fish is now at an all time high according to the United Nations . Figures from the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  state fish is currently the most-traded food commodity , worth around $ 102 billion in 2008 . But as our appetite for fish increases , the world 's fish stocks are becoming increasingly overexploited and depleted , which "  gives cause for concern " the U.N. 's 2010 State of World Fisheries and Aquaculture report has stated . Put simply , we are eating too much , says Dr Daniel Pauly , marine biologist and professor at the University of British Colombia . "  The pressure we are imposing on the world 's fisheries is excessive . Either we are eating too much or we are too many , " he said . But he added : "  Fishery science is very much divided in this debate . " "  Three or four years ago there was wide consensus that fisheries were doing very badly , now again it has become a contentious issue , much like talk on global warming , " he continued . Much of the debate is focused around annual figures of global fish catches , which reached a peak of 86.3 million tons per year in 1996 . Since then there has been a decline , with 2008 's annual fish catch dropping to around 79.5 million tons . While some scientists suggest the downward trend shows a move away from over-fishing and a replenishing of fish stocks , others believe the data proves fish stocks are already overexploited or depleted . Pauly believes the change in fish catches and a spike in fish consumption can be explained , in part , by the expansion of fishing operations into new waters over the last 50 years . "  Europe like the U.S. and Japan now get most of their fish from the developing world , " he said . "  As the European stock was depleted , Europe simply went south and expanded . We find the same sort of expansion in Japan and the U.S. , so instead of being sustainable , we have just moved on . The logical end of this , and we have begun , is fishing krill in Antarctica . " he continued . But he said : "  This southward expansion seems to be at an end , because there are no more waters to be conquered . While scientists disagree on the current state of fisheries worldwide , the FAO has made its conclusions clear , stating global fishing catches will not be able to increase "  unless effective management plans are put in place to rebuild over-fished stocks . " As Pauly states : "  The need to rebuild instead of expand is not rocket science . If we do not rebuild our fisheries , how will we ever produce a decent yield ? "	A United Nations report has stated global consumption of fish is at an all time high Fish is currently the most-traded food commodity , worth around $ 102 billion in 2008 Annual fish consumption reached 17 kg person in 2007
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , said the U.S. government should bring to justice those behind a film that ridiculed Muslims and the Prophet Mohammed . Khameini on Thursday called the making of the film a "  criminal act , " according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency  IRNA  . His comments came the same day university students protested outside the Swiss Embassy in Tehran , blaming the United States and Israel for the American-made film . The Swiss Embassy represents U.S. interests in Iran . Blog : Arrest and violence updates Two members of the film 's production staff who spoke to CNN denied initial media reports that the filmmaker was an Israeli Jew . Students read a statement in support of protesters who stormed the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , as word of the film spread . U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the Benghazi attack . The semi-official Fars news agency and IRNA said additional protests across Iran are planned for Friday afternoon after prayers . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday , "  This video is disgusting and reprehensible . " But , she added , there was no justification in responding to it with violence . Drones , warships sent to hunt killers CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Rallies against film are planned for Friday , Iran media say Ayatollah Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , says U.S. should go after those behind film Iranian college students protest in Tehran
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper 50 Cent entered a not guilty plea to domestic violence and vandalism charges in a Los Angeles County court Monday . The 37-year-old artist -- whose real name is Curtis Jackson -- was ordered to return to the Van Nuys , California , courtroom on September 4 for a pretrial hearing for one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism , according to a court spokeswoman . Model-actress Daphne Joy , who has a child with Jackson , accused her ex-boyfriend of kicking her and ransacking the bedroom during an argument at her condo in the Toluca Lake neighborhood in Los Angeles on June 23 , according to the Los Angeles city attorney . Authorities allege Jackson caused $ 7,100 in damage to property and left the scene before police arrived . "  During an argument , Jackson allegedly began destroying the female 's property , " the city prosecutor 's office said in a written statement . "  Allegedly when the female locked herself in her bedroom , Jackson kicked open the bedroom door and kicked her , causing an injury . " Police found broken chandeliers and furniture throughout the home . The bedroom closet was ransacked , with clothes thrown all over the floor , and there was a broken television and lamp , the prosecutor 's office said . If convicted on all five counts , Jackson would face up to five years in jail and $ 46,000 in fines . Although prosecutors initially did not release the alleged victim 's name , her lawyer did in a statement to CNN last month . "  Daphne Joy and Curtis Jackson have been together for a few years in an exclusive relationship , " the lawyer 's statement said . "  They had a child and now Daphne 's No. 1 priority is to ensure both her and the baby 's safety during this difficult time . We also hope everyone will respect her and the baby 's privacy . " Joy was a principal mermaid in 2011 's "  Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides . " She 's also had roles on TV 's "  CSI : Las Vegas , " "  Criminal Minds , " "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " and "  Wild 'N Out , " her website says . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The rapper 's next court date is September 4 for a pretrial hearing Model-actress Daphne Joy accuses 50 Cent of kicking her , trashing her bedroom Joy has a child with 50 Cent , whose real name is Curtis Jackson
CNN  Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne , Australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . Three of the teens , all of them either 18 or 19 , have since been released "  pending further enquiries , " Australia 's Federal Police said , but two remain in custody . Sevdet Besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail Saturday . The other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court . "  Some evidence that we have collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was ISIS-inspired , " said Neil Gaughan , acting deputy commissioner of the Australian Federal Police . The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday . "  The act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers , " he said . There was also a risk to the public , police said . Police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day  Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day  , which is April 25 and this year is the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS -- or Islamic State -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects . He instead referred to the group as the "  Daesh death cult , " employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group 's name in Arabic . It 's a handle ISIS is known to loathe . Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection . The men "  are individuals acting by themselves . They are not representatives of any religious , cultural or national group , " Victoria Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said . "  I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men , " Gaughan said . "  And this is an issue not just with law enforcement , but for the broader community . ... We need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior , at the very early stage . " The suspects were associates of 18-year-old Nadun Haider , who was killed while stabbing officers at a police station in September , police said . Abbott lamented a string of extremist attacks on Australian soil . In December , Australian authorities stormed a Sydney chocolate cafe where a self-styled Muslim cleric had been holding hostages , killing the gunman . Two of the 17 hostages initially held by the gunman died . In February , two men were charged with plotting terror activities in Sydney . Despite distancing the suspects from religion , Abbott did make a connection to the Middle East . "  There are now about a hundred Australians who are fighting with terrorists in the Middle East , " and another 150 people in Australia support them with funds and recruiting , the Prime Minister said . In February , Abbott announced tougher citizenship laws as a part of the government 's new counterterrorism strategy . Authorities have suspended Australian passports of those they suspect of terrorist activity . Australians should be stoic about the threat of terrorism , Abbott said Saturday . "  The best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is live your life normally . " He asked Australians to turn out in droves on Anzac Day . Police said this particular threat had been fully contained .	Three of the five teens released One 18-year-old suspect has been charged , report says Australian police said the suspects were allegedly planning an "  ISIS-inspired " attack
CNN  -- Two pirates in Somalia vowed revenge Monday , after the U.S. military killed three pirates and freed a U.S. ship captain who had been held hostage for several days . Crew members of the Maersk Alabama celebrate after hearing the Navy had rescued their captain from pirates . The pirates told a Somali journalist that they were angered by the U.S. action , as well as a French raid Friday that killed two pirates and one hostage and freed four hostages . "  We have decided to kill U.S. and French sailors if they happen to be among our future hostages , " said Abdullahi Ahmed , a member of a pirate group based at Harardhere , a coastal town in central Somalia . President Obama said Monday the United States will confront pirates and hold them "  accountable for their crimes . " Obama added that he is proud of the military 's actions in rescuing Capt. Richard Phillips from his pirate captors . Members of the U.S. Navy shot and killed three pirates who had been holding Phillips hostage in a lifeboat on Sunday evening , a military official said . The pirates seized Phillips after a failed attempt to hijack his ship , the Maersk Alabama . For five days the pirates held Phillips in the lifeboat as U.S. Navy ships closed in and lingered nearby . On Sunday , U.S. Navy snipers opened fire on the lifeboat after seeing one pirate point an AK-47 at the captain 's back , the U.S. military said . The shootings occurred as one pirate was aboard the USS Bainbridge negotiating over Phillips ' fate . Watch how SEALs shot three pirates " Three pirates in the lifeboat were killed . Phillips was not hurt . He was taken to another U.S. Navy vessel , the U.S. military said , where he received a medical checkup and spoke by phone with his wife in the United States . Watch admiral tell how rescue went down " Pirates in Somalia identified the slain men as Mohamed Ahmed Adawe , Nur Dalabey and Khalif Guled . Two of them -- Dalabey and Guled -- were among the "  most experienced men " in a group that has hijacked seagoing vessels for money , Ahmed said . They were killed two days after the French military freed four hostages , including a child , who had been held by pirates for nearly a week on the yacht , Tanit , off Somalia 's coast . In that operation , a hostage and two pirates were killed , the French Defense Ministry said , while three pirates were captured . Watch how pirates roam a vast area of ocean " The military actions angered Ali Nur , a pirate who is based in Gara'ad , a coastal village in the semi-autonomous region of Puntland , in northern Somalia . "  From now on , after the killings by the U.S. and France , we will add some harsher steps in our dealings with hostages , particularly American and French hostages , " Nur told a journalist . The U.S. military acknowledged Sunday that its actions to rescue Phillips could increase the risk of violence . "  This could escalate violence in this part of the world . No question about it , " U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney told reporters . Nur issued a warning to the United States . "  The killing of our boys was aggression , and the U.S. will see what they get from their operation , " he said .	NEW : Obama promises U.S. will confront piracy Pirates vow to kill U.S. , French mariners if they become hostages U.S. Navy killed three pirates in rescue of cargo ship captain French forces killed two pirates in rescue raid Friday
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people have fled their homes as scientists warn the towering Mayon volcano is about to explode in the Philippines , the country 's national news agency reported Monday . More than 9,000 families -- a total of 44,394 people -- are being housed in evacuation camps after authorities Sunday raised the alert status of the country 's most active volcano , Albay Province Gov. Joey Salceda said . But officials said not everyone is heeding their warnings -- some villagers were spotted within the danger zone checking on their homes and farms on the foothills of the volcano . The government is trying to enforce a "  no man 's land " rule in the designated danger zone , with military and police instructed to double the personnel manning the nine checkpoints and double their foot patrol operation inside the restricted area , PNA reported . Philippine authorities raised the alert status to Level 4 on Sunday which "  means that a hazardous explosive eruption is possible within days , " according to the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology . "  Audible booming and rumbling sounds were first reported in the eastern flank of the volcano " Sunday afternoon , and 1,942 volcanic earthquakes were detected by the institute 's seismic network in the 24 hours to 7 a.m. local time on Monday  6 p.m. ET on Sunday  , the institute said . One was "  an explosion-type earthquake " that launched a cloud of ash about 500 meters  1,640 feet  into the air , according to the statement . Level 4 means an eruption is considered imminent and Level 5 , the highest , means an eruption is taking place . The Institute recommended extending already-established danger zones of 8 km  4.9 miles  south of the summit and 7 km  4.3 miles  north of the summit of the the 8,077-foot volcano . People in surrounding Albay Province have flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon since the mountain began oozing fiery lava and belching clouds of ash last week . The volcano , located about 500 km  310 miles  south of the Philippine capital of Manila , has erupted 49 times since its first documented eruption in 1616 . The Philippines is situated in the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns . Its last major eruption was in 1993 . Since then , it has remained restless , emitting ash and spewing lava .	Thousands of people evacuated from base of Mayon volcano in Philippines Scientists warn that the volcano is about to explode The volcano has already erupted 49 times since 1616 Audible booming and rumbling sounds first heard Sunday
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's government will invest $ 1 billion to combat a three month drought crippling the country 's north . The worst drought in six decades threatens to ruin China 's winter harvest , the world 's largest producer of wheat . To combat it , China 's government plans to spend around 6.7 billion yuan  $ 1.02 billion  to divert water to affected areas and irrigation facilities according to the state news agency , Xinhua . Some 2.57 million people and 2.79 million livestock are suffering from drinking water shortages , Xinhua said . The main affected provinces include Shandong , Jiangsu , Henan , Hebei and Shanxi , which together account for about 60 % of the wheat planted this winter . The United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  issued an alert Tuesday , warning of severe wheat shortages , saying "  the ongoing drought is potentially a serious problem . " According to the FAO the drought is now affecting an area of around 5.16 million hectares , representing two-thirds of China 's wheat production . Meanwhile the country 's capital Beijing got it first snowfall in more than three months overnight on Wednesday . But the precipitation is unlikely to end the area 's drought , reported Xinhua . The precipitation followed cloud seeding by the municipal artificial weather intervention office , the agency said .	NEW : The government invests $ 1 billion to combat the drought Some 2.57 million people suffering from drinking water shortages China 's capital goes 108 days without rain or snow , a 60-year record Authorities seed clouds to try to end the drought
