The Hollywood Reporter  For those who would give almost anything for a chance at superstardom , "  American Idol " might be the entertainment industry 's version of a Faustian bargain : Through 14 seasons , the very successful Fox show has exploited the fact that there are millions of singers who are willing to sign onerous deals for the chance to compete . But season 11 winner Phillip Phillips is n't going to let the deals he made as a precursor to his fame go unchallenged . On January 22 , Phillips lodged a bombshell petition with the California Labor Commissioner that asserts that Idol producer 19 Entertainment and its affiliated companies have "  manipulated " him into accepting jobs since he hit it big . In a filing that reveals some of Phillips ' post-show tribulations , including being forced to perform for free for one of "  Idol 's " sponsors and not even knowing the title of his last album before it was announced publicly , the singer is seeking to void his various agreements with 19 , said by the star 's lawyer to be "  oppressive , fatally conflicted . " Read more : Van Halen Settles Lawsuit With Drummer 's Ex-Wife "  I am very grateful for the opportunities provided to me through appearing on ` American Idol , ' " says Phillips . "  The value that the fans and the show have given to my career is not lost on me . However , I have not felt that I have been free to conduct my career in a way that I am comfortable with . I look forward to being able to make my own choices about my career and to being able to make great music and play it for my fans . " The petition to determine controversy is grounded on the Talent Agencies Act , the California law that says only licensed talent agents can procure employment for clients . In the past , the law has been used as a cudgel by Hollywood artists from Arsenio Hall to Kesha who wished to escape paying commissions to their managers . Phillips now hopes to have the TAA applied to an entertainment company . Read more : Fox 's First ` Fantastic Four ' Trailer Released Before "  Idol " viewers voted him the winner that year , Phillips signed a series of contracts governing his management , merchandising , recording and publishing . The deals are quite favorable to 19 Entertainment , a company founded by Simon Fuller that also produces other shows such as "  So You Think You Can Dance . " For example , according to the complaint , when Phillips does endorsements , 19 gets as much as a 40 % cut . Nevertheless , Phillips tells the California Labor Commissioner that 19 has a fiduciary duty to him , and that the company has breached such duty by compelling him to take jobs that are of benefit to the company and its affiliates rather than to him . In the time since he 's been on the show , his managers at 19 have lined up gigs like performing at the NBA All-Star Game , singing "  The Star-Spangled Banner " at a World Series game , and appearing on such shows as Letterman , the "  Today Show , " "  Ellen " and "  The View . " The appearances are said to have been "  procured " by 19 despite not being licensed as an agent . This , the petition argues , amounts to a "  pattern and practice of flagrant violations of the  TAA  . " While some of these gigs boosted Phillips ' profile and are arguably in his interest , some other appearances by the singer may have done little to boost his career . For example , the petition says he did a live show without compensation promoting JetBlue in 2013 . "  In response to Petitioner 's questions about why this deal would make sense , 19 admitted the deal was being entered into in exchange for JetBlue 's support for the 2013 American Idol Live Appearance Tour , " says the petition . "  Since Petitioner was not performing on the 2013 Idol Tour , the only conceivable purpose for Respondent booking the performance was to help the struggling finances of Respondent 's Idol Tour . " Similarly , Phillips says he performed at a corporate event for an insurance company -- only it was labeled an endorsement deal . Raising a problem with this gig , he says 19 took the position that it was subject to the Merchandise Agreement , with a 40 % commission . Phillips argues , "  If Respondent was truly putting Petitioner 's best interest above their interests , Respondent should have taken the position that the performances should be commissioned at the 20 % commission rate provided for in the Management Agreement . " The petition also chronicles other indignities that Phillips has faced in the past couple of years . He says that 19 lined up a producer for his first two albums that compromised his interests . He says 19 lied to him , saying that the producer would n't receive greater mechanical royalty rates than he would . He adds that 19 has repeatedly withheld information regarding his career , including the title of his "  Behind the Light " album released last year . It 's not unusual for those successful on reality TV shows to renegotiate deals at some point in their career . Phillips says that he "  frequently requested " this , but suggests that the relationship between his management company and recording company frustrated any hope of doing so . According to the petition , "  Because 19 Recordings , Inc. is also Petitioner 's record company , 19 , as Petitioner 's management company , failed to secure even a single improvement to the terms of the Recording Agreement , in breach of Respondent 's fiduciary obligations to Petitioner . " Represented by attorney Howard King at King Holmes Paterno & Berliner , Phillips is making a bold and ambitious attempt to bring entertainment companies like 19 within the scope of the TAA , a law that has been controversial since it was added to the books in 1978 . Phillips ' attempt to challenge his "  Idol " deals figures to spark jurisdictional challenges and raise issues about the corporate structure of 19 , which is owned by CORE Media Group . Phillips will likely also have to get around a notable exemption in the TAA for the procurement of recording contracts . Read more : Fox Beats ` American Idol ' Racism Lawsuit But if Phillips is successful in voiding his deals as a violation of the TAA , the ramifications would be huge -- potentially impacting other successful competitors on "  Idol " as well as perhaps other reality TV competition shows . The adjudication of TAA disputes also tends to be a very , very slow process , with rulings often happening many years after the initial filing of a petition . The result of the creeping pace could put a number of deals in legal limbo , undoubtedly a concern as "  Idol " and other shows move forward . A spokesperson for 19 Entertainment tells The Hollywood Reporter , "  We 're very proud of everything we 've accomplished together with Phillip , working closely to help nurture his extraordinary talent and advance his career . We have always acted in the best interest of Phillip . We will vigorously defend ourselves from any baseless claims to the contrary and from any attempt to interfere with our rights and relationships . "	"  Idol " winner Phillip Phillips unhappy with his deals Phillips claims deals are "  oppressive "
CNN  -- American Lindsey Vonn suffered a pre-Olympic scare after taking a crashing fall in the World Cup giant slalom in Lienz on Monday . Vonn , who is a medal favorite in several disciplines for February 's Winter Games in Vancouver , damaged her left arm after sliding out on the first run , losing her balance on a bump after a sharp left turn before thumping into a gate . She received lengthy medical treatment on the slope with initial fears that she had broken the arm . But scans at a local hospital showed only severe bruising and the 25-year-old may even compete in Tuesday 's slalom at the same venue , U.S. team medical director Richard Quincy told reporters . Vonn 's arm has been placed in a splint to speed recovery and she was said to have been in considerable pain . "  Hurting my arm is way better than hurting one of my legs , " Vonn was quoted on her personal Web site www.lindseyvonn.com . Her crash overshadowed a fine victory for Kathrin Hoelzl of Germany , who led after the first run and posted a combined time of two minutes , 16.61 seconds with Manuela Moelgg of Italy just 0.05 seconds back in second . Taina Barioz of France occupied the final podium position . Vonn retains her lead in the overall standings with 581 points ahead of second-placed Maria Reisch , who appeared distracted by her friend 's crash and also skied out first time down . The German is 50 points adrift as Vonn looks to defend her overall crown . Vonn suffered an unusual injury setback at the world championships in Val d'Isere , France earlier this year . Celebrating a medal success , she sliced her thumb open on a champagne bottle and competed for the rest of the season with heavy strapping . Vonn 's appearance in Vancouver is being heavily plugged by sponsors and television rights holders , but she is still seeking her first Olympic medal after missing out in Salt Lake City and Turin . Austria 's Kathrin Zettel , who led the GS standings going into the race but was overtaken by Hoelzl , was 0.95 seconds behind the German after skiing off-course in her first run and finished fifth . Hoelzl takes the lead in the giant slalom discipline standings , leapfrogging Kathrin Zettel of Austria , who finished fifth .	World Cup overall leader Lindsey Vonn crashes out of giant slalom in Lienz Vonn severely bruises her left arm as MRI scan reveals no break She retains lead in the overall World Cup standings as nearest rival Maria Riesch also went out
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military will stop publishing the number of Taliban and insurgents it kills in Afghanistan under orders from the senior U.S. military spokesman for the American-led coalition . A French soldier mans a gun Sunday during maneuvers in Afghanistan 's Kapisa province . Rear Adm. Gregory Smith ordered the change as part of the new military strategy in the war that focuses on protecting Afghan citizens rather than killing militants . "  Indicating the number of insurgents killed has little relevance to impacting the lives of Afghans . In fact , if that were the only purpose and metric , you would likely only extend the time it takes to bring about an end to the insurgency , " Smith said in an e-mail to CNN responding to a query about the change . The issue of publishing enemy body counts has been extremely sensitive to the U.S. military since the Vietnam War when the military regularly published large enemy body counts but seemed to be failing overall to make progress in the war . In the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , the Pentagon has shifted policies several times , both publishing numbers in news releases on particular engagements and firefights and also declaring it would not publish body counts . In the past some military officials have said the numbers have been part of individual releases to the media as a means of demonstrating success against enemy forces . Smith said , "  We conduct operations not aimed at killing insurgents , although in many instances that is the outcome , but to over time clear areas of insurgency and give the people a chance to reconnect with official forms of governance and to rebuild their lives , socially and economically . "	U.S. will stop publishing number of Taliban and insurgents killed in Afghanistan Change is part of a new military strategy that focuses on protecting Afghans Issue of publishing enemy body counts has been sensitive to military since Vietnam
CNN  -- A single-engine plane crashed Saturday outside a bank in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , seriously injuring the five people on board , authorities said . A damaged airplane lies on the ground Saturday next to a busy road in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . The pilot reported engine problems shortly after leaving the city 's Wiley Post Airport , about a mile away from the crash site , at midmorning , said Lynn Lunsford , spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration . The plane hit two trees as it came down , and video showed the damaged Beechcraft Bonanza resting on the grass near a busy thoroughfare in the northwest section of the city . Fire Department Deputy Chief Cecil Clay said the two men and three women on the plane were taken to hospitals . Lunsford said they suffered multiple injuries . Watch footage of the plane at the crash site " The plane was headed to Enid , Oklahoma , about 100 miles north of Oklahoma City . The pilot tried to return to Wiley Post Airport after he recognized the engine trouble , Lunsford said . "  I heard what I thought was a Dumpster being unloaded in the complex , " said Shaddy Ahmad , who manages the U-Haul business across the street from the bank . He said emergency responders used special equipment to extricate the people from the plane , the top of which was peeled back . "  They were very lucky because this is a high-traffic area , " Ahmad said . "  You have the expressway , the bank and stores in the area . They were blessed to land how they did . "	Single-engine Beechcraft makes hard landing near busy road Plane developed engine problems shortly after takeoff , FAA official says Fliers were headed for Enid , Oklahoma , about 100 miles north
Washington  CNN  -- The scene is intense : A man is ferociously knocking on a door while a woman inside the house calls 911 , saying that her ex is trying to break in . A child sits on the couch . The man bursts in and grabs the child , and the woman yells not to take the toddler . The man pulls out a gun . A shot rings out , and the screen goes black . A child cries out . The violent domestic scenario is only a television ad from a gun control group , but it attempts to portray what some women face . It also depicts the next front in the gun control debate . The ad , by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's group Everytown for Gun Safety , is airing in the District of Columbia and three states . It targets three Republican senators : Dean Heller of Nevada , Jeff Flake of Arizona and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , lawmakers who have shown a willingness to back some sort of gun control or whose communities have faced a tragic mass shooting . The focus on women and domestic violence comes after gun-control advocates gained little traction on efforts to tighten restrictions on gun ownership . Public opinion on the issue is divided . A CNN poll from December found that 50 % of people are opposed to tighter gun-control laws , but 49 % support them . After the 2012 shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , in which 20 elementary school students and six staff members were killed , public opinion tipped to the side of gun control . But under pressure from the National Rifle Association , Congress did not pass reforms that would have strengthened background checks for gun purchases . The new advertisement was released Tuesday and is part of a campaign to link the potentially deadly combination of guns and domestic abuse . The NRA , which opposes most efforts to restrict gun ownership , did not respond to a request for comment on the new campaign . The Senate Judiciary Committee held its first hearing on the issue Wednesday and heard from Elvin Daniel , an NRA member and gun owner whose sister was killed by a domestic abuser . "  It has been nearly two years since Zina was murdered and it is heartbreaking to know that our weak gun laws continue to allow dangerous abusers to buy guns without background checks , " he said , choking back tears . Gabrielle Giffords , a former Arizona congresswoman who was shot in the head during a mass shooting , did not speak at the hearing , but she wrote an opinion piece on the issue for CNN . "  We urgently need stronger gun laws that protect women , " she wrote . "  We ca n't wait any longer . Women 's lives are at stake . " Giffords also announced the Protect all Women Leadership Network , which brings together leading women working in both policy and advocacy to push for reforms at the state and federal level to protect women from gun-toting abusers . Kids and gun safety Advocates point to statistics that show that 46 women are shot and killed by a current or former domestic partner each month and that more than half of women murdered are killed by their current or former partners . Giffords wrote that more women were shot to death by an intimate partner between 2001 and 2012 than the number of soldiers killed in both Iraq and Afghanistan . Advocates also point to a recent incident in Texas in which police accused a man with a history of domestic violence of shooting and killing many of his estranged wife 's family members during a violent rampage . "  This is an area where we can really make progress and keep guns out of dangerous hands , " said Erika Soto Lamb , spokeswoman for Everytown for Gun Safety . They have gotten behind a bill by Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota that would expand gun restrictions for abusive dating partners . It currently applies only to married partners . The proposal would restrict guns from people who have been issued restraining orders . George Mason University law professor Joyce Lee Malcolm told the hearing that "  taking these guns without due process violates that fundamental right . " In a statement , Ayotte pointed to her co-sponsorship of the Violence Against Women Act , which passed in the Senate last year , but did not indicate whether she 'd back Klobuchar 's bill . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Sean Kennedy contributed to this report .	Advocates are pushing for gun control legislation through the issue of domestic violence Everytown for Gun Safety 's new ad ties together guns and domestic abuse "  Women 's lives are at stake , " Gabrielle Giffords writes in an opinion piece Senate committee holds first hearing on the issue
CNN  -- Chris Ferguson remembers being 9 years old , watching astronaut Neil Armstrong take man 's first steps on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . Like thousands in his American generation , Ferguson dreamed in his childhood of becoming an astronaut . "  I was very interested in the space program , " Ferguson . "  It was something that gripped the world , something that all of the world was talking about . " And unlike all but a very , very few in his generation , he realized his childhood goal . iReport : What did you want to be when you grew up As an American astronaut , he has logged a total of 28 days in space to date . After receiving his master 's degree in aeronautical engineering at the Naval Postgraduate School , Ferguson flew for the U.S. Navy as a pilot , officer and instructor . But his ambitions stretched far beyond the clouds . Ferguson said he tried not to get his hopes too high , and he persistently turned in his forms when NASA accepted astronaut applications . The first three times Ferguson applied , he did n't make the cut . On the fourth try , he was selected as a member of the NASA Astronaut Class of 1999 , and he now holds the title of deputy chief of NASA 's Astronaut Office . But with no set plans of launching astronauts into orbit from U.S. soil after the final trip to the International Space Station slated for February 2011 , Ferguson and others in the space world are anxious . In addition to fretting about funding and jobs , they wonder if the government is losing an initiative that engages the next generation of engineers and mathematicians . "  If we are n't doing things that inspire them , we 'll suffer from the creative standpoint , " he said . Teresa Gomez , assistant manager for NASA 's Astronaut Selection Office , said that most applicants who make it to the interview rounds have been grooming themselves their entire lives for the job . In past years , candidates said it was the first lunar landing that sparked their interest in space . More recently , astronaut hopefuls said it was the first shuttle landing they saw that hooked them on aeronautics , Gomez said . Many number-crunchers and rocket builders in the space exploration field also say they were space junkies in their younger years . "  It appeared as pure magic to see something so massive lift off the Earth , " said Brad Toellner , an aerospace engineer major who has been working at NASA as a part of its Cooperative Education Program for the past four years . "  It seemed so different from everyday life . " NASA and the commercial space community are waiting to hear the hard federal funding numbers to determine if , when and how American astronauts can go back into space . President Barack Obama 's NASA proposal currently being scrutinized by Congress focuses on researching propulsion for deep space and asteroid landings . It scraps the Constellation Project , which was launched six years ago with the aim of sending humans to Mars and back to the moon . The proposal would also halt NASA shuttle launches to the International Space Station . Instead , federal funds would be used to help send U.S. commercial shuttles to the station . Clark Moody , who remembers watching NASA videos with his dad in the 1980s , is a graduate student in aerospace engineering at Texas A&M University . He worries that NASA 's other feats could be lost on the general public without the highly visible human spaceflight endeavors . "  When most people think of NASA , they think of NASA spaceflight and do n't know 99 percent of what  else  it does , " Moody said . "  That 's what gets people really excited when they 're younger . " Others think there are cheaper ways to inspire young scientists than with NASA manned space missions . "  What are we trying to do here ? " asked Roger Launius , the senior curator of the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum . "  If we 're trying to inspire kids , is this the way to do it , at $ 20 billion a year ? " he questioned , referring to the cost of sending humans to the moon . He said NASA 's Mars Exploration Rovers -- active twin robots that were launched in 2003 to research the planet 's water history -- should also grab young people 's interest . Robert Cort , the acting deputy manager of White Sands Test Facility in southern New Mexico , said he and others reach out to elementary and middle school children in the area to tell them that with hard work , they can be a part of the local space program efforts . The facility conducts safety tests for NASA , but most children say they want to be flying , not testing . He 's also worried that the manned spaceflight hiatus could damper children 's interest in NASA . Cort said many students tell him they 'll be astronauts when they grow up . In return , he said , he tells them , "  Hey , that 's great , and if you do , we 'll work to protect you , " so as not to give them false hope . The odds have historically been against those whose ambitions are out of this world . Since 1978 , only .6 percent of astronaut applicants have been hired , according to NASA statistics . Launius said there 's potential for humans to travel farther with NASA 's new vision , including turning shuttles over to commercial organizations . "  I 'm not anxious , " he said , "  I 'm curious as to where it 'll go . " He said he 's hopeful that commercial space entities will be successful and progress human space travel more efficiently than NASA 's past vision . Many others involved in aerospace , while holding their breath as Congress holds the American space program in limbo , are excited about the prospects of more people having the chance to travel into space -- including NASA 's chief deputy astronaut . Ferguson and most other astronauts paid for their shuttle tickets with post-graduate degrees and years in the military . But , if commercial organizations take over NASA 's suborbital shuttle missions , the next generation 's astronauts might purchase their ticket as they would a bus or plane ticket . For his entire life , Ferguson said , he had imagined watching a sunrise from space . He finally had the chance as pilot of the STS-115 shuttle mission to the International Space Station in 2006 . Watching the sun light up the underside of Earth , staining the ocean blue and the land green , was what he called a "  gee-whiz moment . " "  Space should n't just be reserved for those who 've taken 10 years learning how to work a rocket , " Ferguson said . Instead , as the space program evolves , it could be reserved for those willing to put a couple hundred thousand dollars down as soon as the next decade , according to John Gedmark , executive director of the Commercial Spaceflight Federation .	Astronaut Chris Ferguson says human spaceflight inspired him when he was younger There are no set plans for human spaceflight within Obama 's NASA revamp Ferguson and others in aerospace worry what will inspire children Many hope commercial spaceflight will change the game for manned missions
CNN Student News  -- November 16 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Benghazi , Libya Gulf of Mexico ; Pennsylvania China Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The woman charged in a deadly day care fire that killed four small children is back in Texas , an official said Tuesday . Jessica Tata , who has dual citizenship in the United States and Nigeria , fled to Lagos shortly after the fatal fire at her Houston home in February . She was transported to the Harris County Jail early Tuesday morning , said Christina Garza , a spokeswoman for the Harris County Sheriff 's Office . Tata arrived in Atlanta Monday morning and was booked into the Fulton County Jail , officials said in a statement . She made an appearance in magistrate court , where she waived her extradition rights . Investigators allege that Tata , a 22-year-old day care owner , left seven children alone at her Houston day care center with the stove on while she went to a store . Four children died , and three others were injured in the blaze . Tata was taken into custody Saturday in Port Harcourt , Nigeria , by Interpol and U.S. diplomatic security agents , officials said . At a news conference Monday , U.S. Representative Sheila Jackson Lee said Tata turned herself in to authorities after a "  monumental " effort between the U.S. and Nigerian governments , along with Tata 's family in Lagos . "  We now have the opportunity to move forward , " Lee said , adding that she worked closely with the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria and spoke with the Nigerian ambassador to the United Statesto make sure Tata 's return was a "  top priority . " On Sunday , Lee gathered with Houston 's Nigerian community for a memorial service in honor of the four children lost in the fire , where ministers "  pleaded " for Tata to return home . U.S. marshals were asked to join the search by Harris County authorities after Tata left the Houston area . They added the missing woman to their 15 Most Wanted Fugitives list in March . Tata has been indicted on felony charges in the fatal fire , including four counts of manslaughter , six counts of reckless injury to a child , three counts of abandoning a child under 15 and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . CNN 's Antoinette Campbell contributed to this report .	NEW : Jessica Tata is currently at a Houston area jail Four children died at her Houston day care in February Tata faces manslaughter and unlawful flight charges
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The chief nuclear envoys of North and South Korea agreed Friday to try to resume six-party talks as soon as possible , the South Korean Foreign Ministry said . Wi Sung-lac , the chief negotiator for the South in six-party talks on ending North Korea 's nuclear program , met with the North 's Ri Yong-ho on the sidelines of the regional forum of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Bali , Indonesia . The South Korean Foreign Ministry described the meeting as "  productive . " The two-hour session was the first such direct meeting on nuclear issues between the two nations since six-party talks broke down in 2008 , when North Korea pulled out of the multi-nation nuclear disarmament initiative . Representatives of the other nations involved in the six-party talks -- the two Koreas , the United States , China , Japan and Russia -- are also in Bali . Relations between North and South Korea have been more difficult since the sinking of a South Korean warship Cheonan 15 months ago and the shelling of South Korea 's Yeongpyong Island last November . South Korea acknowledged last month having held a secret meeting with its neighbour in May , which it said was aimed at persuading it to apologize for those attacks , in which 50 South Koreans died . North Korea denies sinking the warship . The North Korean National Defence Commission said the South had asked for a series of summits at the secret meeting . Until now , the North has refused to discuss its nuclear program one-on-one with South Korea , as Pyongyang has sought to use its nuclear weapons program as leverage in developing relations with Washington , according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is expected to meet with representatives from South Korea and Japan while in Indonesia for the summit . CNN 's Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report	NEW : North and South Korea held a "  productive " meeting , South Korea said South Korea has been seeking to resume talks on the North 's nuclear program in recent months The meeting took place on the sidelines of regional security talks , South Korean officials say
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- It 's a nightmarish scenario straight out of the movies : A passenger is forced to land a plane after its pilot becomes incapacitated . Passanger Doug White landed this Super King two-engine turboprop after the pilot fell unconscious . "  Descend and maintain 5,000 . Just take your time , we 'll set you up for the airport , " an air traffic controller says . In a calm voice , a passenger responds : "  I need to get my throttle set for this descent . I do n't know where to set it at . " The reality was playing aboard a plane over Florida on Sunday in what the National Air Traffic Controllers Association called "  an Easter miracle . " The incident began about 1:30 p.m. . The plane , a Super King Air two-engine turboprop with four passengers on board , was headed to Jackson , Mississippi , from Marco Island , Florida , about 18 miles south of Naples . The plane entered the jurisdiction of air traffic control at Miami Center , the facility responsible for high-altitude air traffic in southern Florida and the Caribbean , according to a statement issued by the air traffic controllers association . The pilot notified controllers that the plane was at 9,000 feet and climbing , said Steve Wallace , Miami Center spokesman for the association . However , a controller at the center tried twice to raise the pilot after that and received no response , Wallace said . Hear audiotape of emergency landing " After a few moments , a different voice came over the radio : Passenger Doug White told air traffic controllers the pilot was unconscious and they needed help . His wife and two teenage daughters were flying home to Louisiana with him , he said . Listen to White describe seeing the pilot 's eyes roll back in his head " He reported the plane 's autopilot was on and the plane was continuing to climb from 10,000 feet . "  I told my girls to pray hard , " White later told CNN television affiliate WINK . White later told the Naples Daily News he has a pilot 's license and about 130 hours experience flying a single engine Cessna , but had never flown the larger , faster King Air . The difference , experts said , is not as simple as driving a different model of car . A turboprop multi-engine , Wallace told CNN , "  probably lands at a faster speed than he 's ever flown a single-engine plane before . " White told air traffic controllers it appeared the pilot had died , according to the statement , and he reported that the plane 's autopilot was on and the plane was continuing to climb from 10,000 feet . Two air traffic controllers worked to help him disengage the autopilot , as other controllers stepped in to lighten their workload . "  Keep it coming around when you can ... the turn looks good , very good sir , " a controller said . The controllers then turned the plane over to air traffic controllers at the airport . One of them had called a friend who was certified in the King Air planes for advice . "  They walked him through flipping the switches , turning the knobs , " Wallace said . White , who was composed for the most part , seemed doubtful for a brief moment . "  When I touch down ... If I ever touch down , do I just kill the throttle or what ? " he asks . The landing was successful . "  I knew we had to do something ... I knew that much , " White told WINK . The Federal Aviation Administration has not given any of the involved air traffic controllers permission to speak about the incident , Wallace said . However , the National Air Traffic Controllers Association lauded all of those involved in landing the plane . "  If you were to ask any one of the controllers who worked this even about what happened over the skies of south Florida , they would tell you that it was just a typical day at the office and that it was merely their job , " association President Patrick Forrey said in the statement . "  However , the actions they all took to save the passengers aboard the flight were beyond heroic . " Victoria Moreland , spokeswoman for Southwest Florida International Airport , said the pilot 's death was confirmed after the plane landed . The cause of death was unclear , Moreland said . It 's rare for a pilot to suffer a medical emergency during flight , said Chris Dancy , spokesman for the Frederick , Maryland-based Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association . The organization issues a yearly summary of accident trends and factors based on National Transportation Safety Board reports involving aircraft of less than 12,500 pounds -- smaller than the King Air involved in Sunday 's incident . According to the most recent report , which covers the year 2007 , out of 22 million general aviation flight hours , an estimated 15 million to 20 million flights , only six instances of a pilot 's medical incapacitation were reported , he said . In four of those instances , the pilot died . CNN 's Ashley Broughton contributed to this report .	Passenger Doug White commandeers plane after pilot loses consciousness White : "  When I touch down ... If I ever touch down , do I just kill the throttle ? " Craft was carrying White , his wife and two daughters from Florida to Mississippi Controllers help him turn off autopilot , land plane : "  The turn looks good , very good sir "
The clear waters around Bermuda are as picturesque as you can imagine , and the brilliantly colored fish swimming around are like something from a crayon box . But a serious problem lurks behind the beautiful facade : the lionfish . Lionfish are not native to the Atlantic Ocean . The venomous , fast reproducing fish are aggressive eaters and will consume anything and everything , gorging so much they are actually getting liver disease . With no known predators -- except human beings -- they can wipe out 90 % of a reef . "  The lionfish invasion is probably the worst environmental disaster the Atlantic will ever face , " said Graham Maddocks , president and founder of Ocean Support Foundation , which works with the government and research agencies to help reduce the lionfish population in Bermuda . While the problem is only beginning to escalate , many in the marine preservation field are already concerned for the marine life that surrounds the lionfish . Ecologist James Morris with the National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science said that while this may not be the worst epidemic the Atlantic Ocean has faced , it does have the makings of a disaster . He said the lionfish has brought a "  big change in biodiversity , " and it is what he called "  the most abundant top-level predator on some coral reefs  in the Atlantic  . " Lionfish were first recorded decades ago and their population has grown quickly . They produce 30,000 to 40,000 eggs every few days and are sexually mature by 1 year old . Today , you can find them throughout the Amazon , the Bahamas , the Caribbean and in the waters along North Carolina . Invasive species : Eat them before they eat everything As a non-indigenous species , lionfish are especially dangerous to the ecosystem because fish in the Atlantic lack a native instinct to stay away from them . How did they get there ? Ask Florida . Florida pet owners are blamed for their release into unfamiliar waters . Believe it or not , DNA evidence traces all lionfish in the Atlantic back to only six to eight female lionfish . Scientists will tell you it 's up to humans , the fish 's only known predator , to save the ecosystem . I recently joined Maddocks and his team to get a front-row view into a lionfish hunt . An underwater scheme of this nature requires all the right technology , both to capture the scene visually and for the body to survive extreme depths . To get 200 feet beneath the surface , Maddocks and team had to use rebreathers , which are far more advanced and require more training than your typical tank . We had three GoPro Hero 3 cameras  the waterproof housing works up to 197 feet  , with two on head mounts and one on a pole . There were also two Sartec cameras that can go up to 250 feet , and several Liquid Image Egos , which go up to 130 feet . To approach the proper depths at a fast speed , the team clips in to Magnus scooters , which can move divers 250 feet per minute , allowing them to cover more ground . ` Aporkalypse ' now ? It 's a lot of work to capture all this on video , but the documentation is in high demand . The footage is critical because it allows researchers deep insights into the behavior of the lionfish and contributes to the database of information they 're building . The team also collects GPS coordinates and fish counts , notes the number of species observed , surveys the stomach contents of each fish captured and more . They can determine if culling an area or hot spot makes a difference 30 days later . "  Scientists are scrambling for the data , " said Maddocks . These dives are made more complicated by something called "  bottom time . " At deeper dives of 200 feet , these highly trained divers can only stay down for about 25 minutes before they run out of air and decompress their bodies . It 's never enough time . At this depth , lionfish in Bermuda are everywhere , and the team caught 16 before they hit the time limit . Then it was my turn . I joined the guys on a 100-foot dive , spears in hand , to get the real experience  spear guns are illegal in Bermuda waters so we had to use a hand-operated elastic type of spear  . Despite our weapons , I was shocked to see the lionfish just sit there . It seemed to be baiting us , "  Come on hit me . " With 18 venomous spines and no predators , it does have a reason to be fearless . Across Bermuda , residents are also doing their part to try to take control of the lionfish population . There are lionfish tournaments and fish fries , and you can see "  Eat 'em to Beat 'em " T-shirts throughout the island . To experts like Maddocks , these movements may not be enough . "  It 's an infestation , " Morris said over the phone . "  The Atlantic Ocean is a big place , but the areas being affected are extremely important . " Maddocks agrees . "  I do n't know if we can stop the lionfish invasion . This is n't a battle we can win , we can only maintain , " he said . "  Human beings started this problem . It is our fault they are here . We have to take responsibility and try to fix or hope we can control it . " 2012 : Taming the lionfish - Florida fights back against invasive species	Lionfish are invading the Atlantic ocean , reproducing quickly and consuming local fish Scientists predict this could turn into an environmental disaster To curb the booming population , people are hunting and eating the prickly venomous fish
CNN Student News  -- September 10 , 2009 Quick Guide Health Care Address - Hear the latest arguments in the debate over U.S. health care reform . Campaign Finance - Review the details of a court case that could impact U.S. elections . Purifying Invention - Find out how one inventor hopes to quench concerns about clean water . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : On HLN , online , on iTunes ; here , there and everywhere , this is CNN Student News ! Thank you for spending part of your Thursday with us . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Health Care Address AZUZ : First up , health care reform reclaims the spotlight as President Obama takes up the issue in a speech to Congress . This debate has been heating up for months , with politicians and citizens weighing in with their opinions . It 's an incredibly complicated issue , so we 're gon na look at some of the main points right now . Some people think the country 's health care system is fine the way it is . Others think it 's broken , but what they do n't agree on is how to fix it . For example , how much would it cost to reform the system , and where would that money come from ? Should there be a government-run health insurance program ? And if so , how might that impact private insurance companies ? Those are just a few of the questions facing lawmakers . President Obama says he is n't the first president to take on health care , but he hopes to be the last . He 's been pushing for reform since he took office , and he believes the time for action is now . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The time for bickering is over . The time for games has passed . Now is the season for action . Now is when we must bring the best ideas of both parties together and show the American people that we can still do what we were sent here to do . Now is the time to deliver on health care . Health Care Response AZUZ : After the president wrapped up his address to Congress , the Republican Party offered a response from U.S. Representative Charles Boustany . The Louisiana representative , who has more than 20 years of experience as a surgeon , says he agrees with parts of President Obama 's plan . But he thinks it also presents several problems . Last night , he outlined some alternative ideas about how to improve the health care system and how to lower its costs . REP. CHARLES BOUSTANY JR ,  R  LOUISIANA : We need to establish tough liability reform standards , encourage speedy resolution of claims , and deter junk lawsuits that drive up the cost of care . Real reform must do this . Let 's also talk about letting families and businesses buy insurance across state lines . I and many other Republicans believe that that will provide real choice and competition to lower the cost of health insurance . Shoutout GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Stephen Breyer , Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas are all members of what governmental body ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Congress , B  The U.S. Supreme Court , C  President Obama 's Cabinet or D  The Federal Reserve ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Along with six other justices , these people compose the U.S. Supreme Court . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Campaign Finance AZUZ : It 's their job to interpret our country 's laws , and one case the justices are looking at right now could have a major impact on elections , including the ones coming up next year ! It 's all about how much money corporations can give to candidates . Right now , there 's a limit on that , but some people argue that violates the Constitution . Elaine Quijano is on the case . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP FROM CITIZENS UNITED AD FOR "  HILLARY , THE MOVIE " : Who is Hillary Clinton ? ELAINE QUIJANO , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : It started small . During last year 's presidential primaries , a federal court said campaign finance laws barred this ad for an anti-Hillary Clinton movie by an advocacy group , a non-profit corporation . FROM CITIZENS UNITED AD FOR "  HILLARY , THE MOVIE " : If you thought you knew everything about Hillary Clinton , wait 'til you see the movie . QUIJANO : But now , the Supreme Court could make a monumental change in how money influences politics , deciding , in the name of free speech , whether there should be any limits at all on corporate campaign spending . FRED WERTHEIMER , DEMOCRACY 21 , CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM SUPPORTER : Allowing corporations to flood our elections and use campaign expenditures to buy influence would fundamentally undermine our democracy . QUIJANO : Fred Wertheimer of Democracy 21 warns overturning a century of precedents would shut average citizens out of the political process . WERTHEIMER : The little guy would have no role here , because the dominant force in our politics , the dominant force in Washington decision-making , would become corporations . QUIJANO : But David Bossee of Citizens United , the group behind the anti-Hillary Clinton movie , argues that anyone pooling resources , including unions , the health industry , advocacy groups like the National Rifle Association , has free speech rights . DAVID BOSSEE , CITIZENS UNITED : I actually went out and looked for this fight , because I do n't believe the government should have the right to impede people 's entry into the process . And that 's what the Federal Election Commission is trying to do here , squelch our first Amendment Rights . QUIJANO : Interestingly , the American Civil Liberties Union agrees . A final ruling is expected in a couple of months , and legal observers say conservatives could hold the key , with enough votes to possibly declare much of current campaign finance law unconstitutional . Elaine Quijano , CNN , the Supreme Court . END VIDEO CLIP Flash Flooding AZUZ : Six months ' worth of rain in two days ! That is what residents in parts of Turkey are dealing with . This massive downpour triggered flash floods in the country this week , claiming more than 30 lives . In this video - look at this - you can see how the water rushed through a low-lying valley . It flipped and ripped up dozens of cargo trucks . Hundreds of other vehicles were washed out into the sea . The country 's prime minister said emergency workers rescued around 1,300 people from the floods . He 's already pledged money to get help and relief to the affected regions that need it . I.D. Me RAMSAY : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a rock band originally from Liverpool , England . I made my first U.S. appearance in 1964 . 20 of my songs landed at number 1 on the U.S. charts . And I was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988 . I 'm the Beatles : John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr ! The Beatles : Rock Band AZUZ : They were a rock band . Now the Beatles are in Rock Band ! A new game featuring the famous Fab Four is out this week . It lets players jam out on dozens of the group 's biggest hits . Plus , it gives younger audiences -- you -- a chance to check out some of rock and roll 's most famous songs nearly four decades after the band 's last gig . That 's not the only reason the Beatles are back in the spotlight . All 15 of their albums have been re-mastered and put back on store shelves . Purifying Invention AZUZ : Meanwhile , a famous inventor wants to do some re-mastering of his own . But we 're not talking about digital , we 're talking liquid . More than a billion people around the globe do n't have access to clean drinking water . Sure , there 're water water everywhere , but if it 's not clean , it can cause serious consequences . Gary Tuchman looks at one idea designed to quench the problem . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP GARY TUCHMAN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Water : It 's the most abundant resource on the planet , yet every year , millions of people die because they do n't have access to clean water . So Dean Kamen , the inventor of the Segway , decided to take this problem on with a machine he calls the "  Slingshot . " DEAN KAMEN , INVENTOR : We believe the world needs a slingshot to take care of its goliath of a problem : bad water . TUCHMAN : He says the machine can turn contaminated water like this dirty river water into clean drinking water by boiling , distilling and vaporizing it . KAMEN : In goes the bad , and as you can see , out comes the good . That is pure water . TUCHMAN : The machine is smaller than some other water purifying systems , making it more portable . KAMEN : It 's ideally suited to go to places in the developing world . TUCHMAN : Kamen says it requires very little electricity and maintenance to function . But until he finds partners and distributors to keep costs down , Slingshots wo n't be available to the people who need them most . KAMEN : We 've got to find better strategies to deal with this incredibly unique and valuable resource called water , that we 've all come to take for granted , but we 'll not be able to do that in the future . TUCHMAN : Gary Tuchman , CNN . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we leave you today , we 've got a story about something that 's pretty darn fast . Usian Bolt may be the quickest person on the planet , but he 's got nothing on Sarah . The cheetah charged into the record books yesterday as the world 's fastest land mammal . She made the 100-meter dash in 6.16 seconds . Then she went out and shaved some more time off in her second attempt . Now for reference , sprinter Usain Bolt did it in 9.58 seconds . So , cheetah wins . Think you could outrun her ? You 're welcome to give it a shot . Goodbye AZUZ : But you 've got to make sure that she does n't break any rules . After all , she 's a cheetah . Okay , we know a lot of you probably saw that coming , but you just ca n't miss the opportunity to make a cheetah pun . It 's where we cross the finish line for today , but we 'll be back tomorrow to close out the week . We look forward to seeing you then . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear the latest arguments in the debate over U.S. health care reform Review the details of a court case that could impact U.S. elections Find out how one inventor hopes to quench concerns about clean water
While the demographic composition of the 113th Congress is in some sense historic , many issues it will face - government spending , entitlement reform , and immigration - are nothing new . Will the new Congress continue the reputation of its predecessor as a ` do-nothing Congress ' or will be productive ? Here 's a look - by the numbers - at the new wave of legislators on Capitol Hill : 13 - New senators . New Congress more diverse than ever 84 - New House members . 98 - Women in the new Congress : 78 in the House , 20 in the Senate . Politics in 2013 : 5 things to watch for 38 - Years in office of the longest currently serving senator , Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . 53 + - Years in office of the longest currently serving congressman , John Dingell , D-Michigan . 5 - Net gain in number of seats women hold in 113th Congress over 112th . 3 - States with two women senators : California , New Hampshire , and Washington . 95 - Percent of the U.S. Senate that is white . By the Numbers : Politics in 2013 19 - Percent of the U.S. House of Representatives that belong to minority groups . 89 - Age of the oldest-ever member of the House , Ralph Hall , R-Texas . He broke the previous record on Christmas Day . 8.5 - Percent of the U.S. House under 40 . 27 - Percent of the Senate that is Catholic . 4 - The number of new U.S. House seats in Texas created by reapportionment ; out 12 total . Texas gained more new seats than any other state . Are the days of Congress ` going big ' over ? 5 - Members of the 113th Congress who had previous careers in professional sports . 7 - Members who are openly gay or bisexual . 12 - New members who have served in the U.S. military . 2 - Physicists in Congress : Rep. Bill Foster , a Democratic congressman-elect from Illinois , and Rep. Rush Holt , Jr. , a New Jersey Democrat . 6 - Number of reindeer owned by Kerry Bentivolio , a congressman-elect from Michigan . He has worked as a Santa impersonator since the 1980s before running for Congress . New Congress takes office Thursday , will tackle leftovers from old Congress On religion , Capitol freshmen are more diverse than their incumbent colleagues	3 - States with two women senators : California , New Hampshire , and Washington 95 - Percent of the U.S. Senate that is white 19 - Percent of the U.S. House that belong to minority groups 6 - Number of reindeer owned by Kerry Bentivolio , a congressman-elect from Michigan
CNN  -- A second day of a strike against Pakistan 's flagship carrier , Pakistan International Airlines , ended Wednesday with police charging protesters and angry passengers at Jinnah International Airport in Karachi , said Pervez George , an official with Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority . George said a number of people were beaten as police attempted to clear the terminal and restore order . The strike was called on Tuesday after month-long negotiations between the airline and unions representing the airline 's pilots and staff ended in failure . PIA grounded close to 60 international and domestic flights leaving thousands of frustrated passengers at Jinnah airport and Benazir Bhutto International Airport in Islamabad . The Islamabad airport was closed to passengers and PIA staff with police guarding all entrances and exits . PIA staff called the strike demanding management reinstate five pilots who were fired , that Managing Director Pia Aijaz Haroon resign , and that a proposed code share agreement with Turkish Airlines be dropped . Speaking to CNN , Suhail Baluch , president of the Pakistan Airlines Pilots Association and head of a joint action committee representing all airline employees , said "  the proposed code share agreement , which still needs to be approved by the government and regulators , would make PIA into a regional airline as opposed to international and get rid of lucrative international routes . " Furthermore , the code share agreement would cut down the number of staff because flights would use Istanbul or Ankara as their hub and use Turkish Airlines staff to fly passengers to international destinations currently offered by PIA , he said . Haroon was appointed managing director of Pakistan International Airlines two years ago . Since then , he has been criticized over alleged corruption scandals and for the airline incurring heavy debt . According to Baluch , "  This is another example of Haroon 's corruption , we have the crew and capabilities and we have been flying for the last 50 years . I do n't know what is the reason behind the code share . " The joint action committee from the union flew to Islamabad Wednesday for discussions with Federal Minister Khurshid Shah , who oversees the airline . However , no agreement was reached . Shah agreed to two of the union 's demands but declined to consider removing Haroon as managing director of PIA , the union said . Strikers have vowed to continue striking until they reach a conclusion and the managing director is removed . "  We have declared today that until they kick out Haroon the strike will continue , " said Baluch . Airline spokesman Mashdood Tajwar refused to comment on the situation .	Second day of strike ends with police charging protesters , passengers , aviation official says Union is angry over proposed code share agreement with Turkish Airlines Union has demanded dismissal of airline chief but government has refused
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For actress Jane Alexander , the criticism of a $ 50 million boost in funding for the National Endowment for the Arts is a sequel . Tony-award winning actress Jane Alexander says giving money to the arts will save and create jobs . She was chairman of the agency from 1993 through 1997 when arts funding was cut sharply by the Republican-led Congress , which questioned whether it was an appropriate way to use government money . Now the issue is whether giving money to the arts should have been part of the economic stimulus program . Among those who have criticized the new spending this year is Lousiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who delivered the Republican response to President Barack Obama 's message to Congress Tuesday . On Monday 's "  Larry King Live , " Jindal said , "  Fundamentally , I do n't think $ 30 million for the federal government to buy new cars , $ 1 billion for the Census , $ 50 million for the National Endowment for the Arts is going to get the economy moving again as quickly as allowing the private sector to create jobs . " It 's no surprise that Alexander disagrees and argues that arts spending can give a vital boost to the economy . The actress , who will appear later this month in a new comedy at the New York theater company Primary Stages called "  Chasing Manet , " won a Tony Award for her role in the "  The Great White Hope . " She has been nominated eight times for an Emmy and four times for an Oscar for films including , "  All the President 's Men " and "  Kramer vs. Kramer . " Alexander spoke to CNN.com last week . CNN : What do you think of the controversy over the $ 50 million in increased government spending for the arts ? Alexander : I think it 's long overdue and I was very , very happy to see it . Since 1995-96 we had an incredibly decreased budget for the NEA . Finally we 're getting back to where it was when I came in -LSB- as chairman -RSB- . It 's all vitally needed . In fact , the endowment has not kept pace with inflation as other agencies have . ... This $ 50 million will certainly help a great deal . What people forget is that there are over 2 million people in the United States of America who are professional artists . Those are jobs like any other jobs . The artists have families , they have people for whom they 're responsible and they give to their communities . We all have the right to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . The life part would be health and housing . The liberty part would be our civil rights . And the pursuit of happiness , the arts would come under that . And it 's as vital a part of well-being in the United States as anything else . CNN : When you say 2 million artists , could you define artist ? Alexander : Well they include everything from writers , painters , all the visual arts spectrum and that 's pretty large , including graphic arts . Theater and so on , music , ceramicists , costume designers , makeup artists , filmmakers , it 's a huge panoply . CNN : How far can $ 50 million go ? Alexander : Well for the endowment which has had a budget of around $ 144 million currently , it can go quite a way . When I came in it was about $ 175 million and then it was cut under my aegis by Congress down to $ 99 million . CNN : Some people will say that while the NEA may consider this a victory , it 's really a pittance , a drop in the bucket , so little money given the challenges many arts organizations are facing today . Alexander . It will help , it will help enormously , because every single NEA grant that goes out is a challenge to the community to come up with the same amount of money , or a 3 to 1 . ... By the way , the public should know that within this coming year , we 're going to see an awful lot of arts organizations closing . I just came from working at a theater in Pittsburgh , -LSB- Pennsylvania -RSB- and the International Poetry Forum , which has been going for 43 years , will close its doors this year . The Milwaukee Shakespeare Festival has already closed . The LA -LSB- Los Angeles -RSB- Opera has laid off 17 percent of its staff . CNN : So this is n't going to be enough to reverse those kinds of things ? Alexander : No , but it will challenge the community to understand what the imperiled status of their arts organizations are . It will only help . It will help an enormous amount , and for some organizations , it will make all the difference in their staying alive . Now the NEA this fall gave out 884 grants , totaling $ 20 million and that was 38 percent of the project cost of the applicants . So 38 percent is a nice healthy piece of change for the cost of a project . CNN : How did you personally get involved in this cause ? Alexander : As an actress who spent most of my career in nonprofit theaters , They began with the seed of an NEA grant back in the late 60s , most of them . Today we have about 450 nonprofit theaters across the United States . Back in 1965 , when the NEA was founded , there were only about 23 of them . CNN : Your forthcoming play -- is that being done for a nonprofit theater ? Alexander : Yes . It 's another nonprofit called Primary Stages in New York City , a small theater . What people do n't quite understand about theaters is that they never increase their size . They 're bound by the number of seats within a given theater , and meanwhile there 's inflation and the costs rise . So currently most theaters can never make more than 50 percent of their income from ticket sales . The rest has to be raised . CNN : How 's the company doing ? Alexander : It had a good play last year , "  Dividing the Estate , " by Horton Foote , which got a lot of attention but I do n't think it made back its nut on Broadway . It transferred from the nonprofit to a commercial venue on Broadway . ... In the film business , independent films are considered nonprofit in many instances . It 's interesting to see that an independent won the Academy Award . Of course it was distributed by a major studio . "  Slumdog Millionaire " started off as an independent . It did extraordinarily well . ... Many of the commercial arts are fed by the nonprofit arts . And that 's another thing most people do n't fully understand . Where do you think the Tom Hanks , the Cate Blanchetts of the world come from ? They come from small venues that are independent and are nonprofit usually and then they move into the mainstream . CNN : What 's your attitude about the future , under the Obama administration . Do you think there 's reason for hope about the arts , or despair ? Alexander : I think there 's reason for great hope . President Obama has said repeatedly and he 's said it for a couple of years now , that he thinks arts education is vital for children of all ages , starting right away . We have the arts in nursery school anyway , but he believes in institutionalizing the arts so it 's part of the curriculum for every child in America . ... Everybody in all walks of life know people who are out of work presently or are about to be out of work . And the same is true for artists . I know so many artists -- for example visual artists , the gallery has closed or it 's cut back . Theaters that are no longer going to do productions with more than five actors . And so on . So I know a lot of people out of work : costume designers , makeup people . And let 's not forget all the ancillary jobs from having an arts organization in your neighborhood . That includes restaurants , taxicabs , whatever . CNN : Gov. Jindal said he did n't think the arts money should be part of the economic stimulus plan . Alexander : Well what he does n't understand is that $ 50 million goes directly ... as a grant to organizations which employ people . It 's quick and it 's a system that works beautifully and it 's done within a year .	Jane Alexander : Increasing funds for the arts is a good way to boost economy She chaired the NEA when Republican-led Congress sharply cut its budget She says about 2 million Americans are employed as artists of all kinds Alexander : Injecting funds into the arts will quickly support jobs
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal continued his winning ways on clay as he reached the quarterfinals of the Barcelona Open with a 6-3 6-1 win over Colombia 's Santiago Giraldo on Thursday . The Spaniard 's serve was surprisingly broken early by his 54th-ranked opponent , but from 3-3 he dominated the match to set up a clash with French seventh seed Gael Monfils . The 24-year-old has now won 31 consecutive matches on his favored surface , with his last defeat inflicted by Robin Soderling at the 2009 French Open . He already holds the record on clay for his 81-match winning run from 2005-07 . Nadal missed last year 's event in the Catalan capital but won the title the previous five years , and now has a record there of 27-1 . He has a tour-leading 26 match victories this season -- two ahead of Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer , who are not in the draw . Nadal begins Barcelona bid in style "  I will be playing against one of best players in the world who has reached the semifinals at Roland Garros , so it will be a tough match , " Nadal said of Friday 's clash with Monfils . The 24-year-old Monfils , who reached the last four at the French Open in 2008 , moved into the last eight with a 6-4 7-6  9-7  victory over ninth-seeded compatriot Richard Gasquet . Monfils , ranked ninth , lost in the last 16 at Monte Carlo in his first match in two months following a wrist injury suffered in San Jose which meant he could not take the court for his semifinal in the U.S. event . Fourth seed David Ferrer , who lost to Nadal in the final in the principality on Sunday , reached the last eight with a 6-3 6-2 win over Romania 's Victor Hanescu . The 29-year-old next faces a rematch with Jurgen Melzer , who he beat in the semis on Saturday . The Austrian sixth seed progressed after coming from behind to beat Ferrer 's 11th-seeded compatriot Albert Montanes 6-7  2-7  6-3 6-2 . The winner of Friday 's Ferrer-Melzer clash will face a Spaniard in the semifinals , with veteran Juan Carlos Ferrero and Nicolas Almagro also going through . Former world No. 1 Ferrero , playing his first event since last September 's U.S. Open following wrist and knee surgery , battled past Italy 's Simone Vagnozzi 7-6  7-3  4-6 6-4 . The 31-year-old won this tournament in 2001 and was runner-up four years later when Nadal embarked on his streak of titles . Eighth seed Almagro ended the hopes of former world No. 3 Nikolay Davydenko , beating the the 29-year-old Russian 7-6  7-2  6-3 . Almagro , 25 , won two lower-level events on clay in South America in February before losing a final in Mexico . Another Spaniard , Feliciano Lopez , continued his country 's dominance by joining Nadal , Ferrer , Ferrero and Almagro in the last eight . The 29-year-old left-hander beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori 6-4 7-6  7-5  to set up a clash with Croatia 's 56th-ranked Ivan Dodic , who knocked out young Canadian 15th seed 7-6  7-0  4-6 6-3 . Meanwhile , women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki marched into the semifinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart after a 6-4 6-1 win over home hope Andrea Petkovic on Thursday . The German , ranked 19th , led 4-2 in the opening set but Wozniacki fought back to avenge last month 's defeat at the Miami Masters . The 20-year-old Dane will next play Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska , who beat German wild-card entry Kristina Barrois 7-5 6-3 . . Last year 's runner-up Samantha Stosur also reached the last four as the fifth seed upset world No. 3 Vera Zvonareva , beating the Russian 2-6 6-3 7-6  7-3  in two and a half hours . The Australian , losing finalist in last year 's French Open , will next face Julia Gorges -- who beat fellow German Sabine Lisicki 6-4 6-4 .	Top-ranked Rafael Nadal extends his unbeaten run on clay to 31 matches Spaniard sets up quarterfinal clash with seventh seed Gael Monfils in Barcelona David Ferrer to play Jurgen Melzer in rematch of Monte Carlo semifinals Last year 's runner-up Sam Stosur beats women 's No. 3 Vera Zvonareva in Stuttgart
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles County judge revoked probation for Lindsay Lohan on Wednesday after reprimanding the actress and her attorney in court for Lohan 's failure to comply with her community service . Lohan was removed from the courtroom in handcuffs . She later posted a $ 100,000 bail and was freed early Wednesday afternoon within two hours of her arrest , a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokeswoman said . Under Judge Stephanie Sautner 's ruling , once Lohan made bail , the actress must perform 16 hours of community service a week -- over a minimum of two days a week -- at the Los Angeles County morgue before her probation violation hearing November 2 . The judge expressed anger at Lohan 's repeated probation violations the past several months . Lohan was supposed to be performing community service at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center , but the judge said Lohan posted nine excused absences at the center since her last court hearing on July 21 -- and performed , at most , only two hours of service . Lohan 's attempt to perform community service at a nearby Red Cross facility was voided Wednesday because the judge said she did n't authorize that change . "  I am revoking her probation , " the judge said . Sautner said "  Ms. Lohan 's decision made it deliberately impossible to perform " her community service . After the hearing , Lohan publicist Steven Honig released a statement : "  Lindsay is hoping this matter will be resolved on November 2 and the court will reinstate probation and allow her to continue fulfilling her community service . " Lohan 's estranged father , Michael Lohan , told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that his daughter needs "  a very , very intensive " program of rehabilitation for substance abuse . "  What the judge did , she had to do , " Michael Lohan said . But he said jail time would not be the proper remedy . "  She 's not going to be working the morgue . She 's going to wind up in a morgue if someone does n't do something to get her help , " he said . Lohan was in court Wednesday so the judge could determine whether she made progress on the requirements of her probation from a shoplifting conviction earlier this year . In back-and-forth arguments with defense attorney Shawn Holley before making the ruling , the judge read aloud in court a statement that Lohan had made regarding her unsuccessful community service at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center : "  She said she was n't interacting with anyone , so it was n't fulfilling . " The judge harshly reprimanded Lohan . "  Is that what it 's supposed to be about -- fulfilling ? Or is it supposed to be punitive ? " the judge told Lohan 's attorney , who was standing beside the actress seated at the defense table . "  Her probation would have been done last year if she had done what she was supposed to do , " the judge said . "  There has been violation after violation . You have been doing this a long time . I have been doing this a long time . ... Probation is a gift . It 's not a right . " "  We all ca n't be fulfilled by what we do , " the judge added . Her attorney responded : "  She understands that . " "  There is this rallying cry for more punishment and more jail , " her attorney said . The judge said , "  I do n't care about rallying cries . " "  You have n't shown me between July 21 ... and September 9 , how many hours she has done at the downtown women 's center . I 'm thinking maybe two -- with nine absences , " the judge said . "  It says she blew them off and left after an hour or an hour and half . " At one point during the hearing , Los Angeles city attorneys Lisa Houle and Melanie Chavira asked the court to revoke Lohan 's probation and impose jail time because of Lohan 's failure to do the community service . One of the city attorneys charged in court that Lohan "  is in violation for getting herself kicked out of the women 's center , which she was ordered to do . " But Lohan 's attorney told the court that Lohan received "  a glowing " probation report , which said that "  Ms. Lohan has reached a turning point " in her behavior and maturity . The judge raised several questions about the reliability of that report , however . Sautner remarked how the probation report showed Lohan had excused absences from community service between September 9 and October 5 so that Lohan could travel to New York , Milan , and Paris for work . But Lohan 's psychologist 's report stated that Lohan had perfect attendance every week , the judge observed . "  The psychologist said she appeared in person for her counseling every Tuesday , " the judge said . "  I do n't know how she did that . " "  Did she go to Milan for five days and come back in time or go to Paris for five days and come back in time ? " the judge asked the defense attorney . "  If she was gone from September 9 to October 5 , did she get beamed across the pond ? I do n't know how that happened , " the judge said . Holley told the judge that she did n't know the specifics of Lohan 's psychological appointments , but the attorney said the arrangement did call for telephonic conferences . Holley added that Lohan 's work in Europe was done to support her and her family -- and impacted her ability to carry out the community service . "  Because the work is out of the county , it did cause a disruption to her schedule " to do community service , Holley said . Lohan 's community service at the county morgue wo n't be easy , as participants work eight-hour shifts at a time , the judge noted . "  They do n't mess around and you show up and do what they tell you to do , " Sautner said . In July , a court hearing revealed Lohan was in compliance with her community service , fines and shoplifting counseling requirements , but she had not signed up for the court-ordered psychological counseling . Her lawyer argued at the time that a lapse in Lohan 's health insurance -- because she 's not been working in the past year -- had prevented her from paying for the psychological counseling . Sautner warned Lohan that she could face jail time if she did not sign up for the counseling in three weeks . Group counseling , which probationers attend , is often free or low-cost , but the judge agreed with her lawyer that her celebrity status made that unworkable . Lohan , 25 , pleaded guilty in May to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . Her legal woes , which began four years ago with two drunk driving arrests , have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes , and alcohol and drug test failures . Her probation is scheduled to end within a year unless Lohan breaks any laws before then . It has been extended several times because of probation violations , including the failed alcohol and drug tests . In June , Lohan failed an alcohol test administered by a probation officer and was ordered to go before the judge for a probation violation hearing . But her attorney convinced the judge the testing requirement had lapsed in February . Earlier this year , the judge ruled that she is now allowed to drink alcohol and is no longer required to take random drug tests .	Lindsay Lohan must now do community service in L.A. County morgue two days a week Lohan is free on bail and hopes to have her probation reinstated , her publicist says Her father says she needs "  very , very intensive " rehabilitation A judge rovokes the actress ' probation , and she is led away in handcuffs
CNN  -- It sounds far too good to be true : a salary of more than $ 100,000 , a free home on a palm-fringed island and all the snorkeling you can be bothered with . The successful applicant will have plenty of time to explore the Great Barrier Reef . However , it is true and a very clever marketing ploy to boot . Australia 's Tourism Queensland has garnered worldwide media coverage by advertising the "  best job in the world " -- the post of caretaker on Hamilton island in the Great Barrier Reef . The six-month contract , according to Tourism Queensland , comes with flexible working hours and the successful applicant 's "  key responsibilities " include exploring the area to discover what is on offer and to report back weekly via blogs , photo diaries , video updates and media interviews . Sounds taxing does n't it ? The group said other responsibilities would include cleaning the pool , which comes with your free home , feeding the fish and collecting the mail  this would be done by joining the aerial postal service for a day or two to get a good view of the neighboring islands  . You might also take time out from your busy schedule to check out the turtles and passing whales . On top of the six-figure salary you 'll get return airfares from your nearest capital city , transport on the island , travel insurance , computer and camera gear and travel to other islands in the Great Barrier Reef . No academic qualifications are required but you must be a good swimmer and enjoy snorkeling , be adventurous and have good communication skills . Where do I sign up I hear you ask ? Tourism Queensland is asking for a 60-second video explanation of why you 'd be great for the job and that you fill out their online application form at www.islandreefjob.com Applications close on February 22 , by which time you may be able to get on the Web site -- unsurprisingly it is proving very hard to load at the moment  not that I 'm trying ... that often  . Use the sound off below to tell us what your dream job would be	Tourism Queensland advertises dream island job for $ 100,000 Position requires successful applicant to explore island group Comes with free house , travel , a pool and snorkeling kit
CNN  -- American teacher Ronnie Smith has been shot and killed in Benghazi , according to the Facebook page of the international school in Libya where he worked . The U.S. State Department confirmed the killing and identified the educator as Ronald Thomas Smith II . "  The untimely death of Ronnie Smith has been felt by the whole school community , " the International School Benghazi posted on its Facebook page . "  He was a much loved teacher who supported students in their learning and always had time to help when asked . Ronnie was a professional who gave his time freely and without question . We do not understand why this has happened and it is extremely difficult for his students and his colleagues to accept . " The page was full of comments from Smith 's students and those who knew him , praising him as a dedicated educator . "  Mr. Smith was an exceptional teacher , my sons broke into tears , " Bint Altayar wrote . "  They love him so much , they always mention his sense of humor and kindness . We are very sorry for his death . This is a tragedy , he and everyone in Libya  Libyan and non Libyan  do n't deserve this . I think every foreign teacher should leave until Libya is safe . " Smith exemplified "  respect , optimism , cooperation , team work , " posted Noor Hewaidi . "  He believed in his students , and that 's the greatest gift any teacher can grant a child . And we 're thankful for that . Let 's continue to live by his principles , let 's finish the job he started . " Deputy State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said that officials are reaching out to family members and providing "  appropriate consular assistance . " She told media that the State Department offers condolences . White House spokesman Jay Carney said that President Barack Obama has been briefed on the matter . Carney said that no one has taken responsibility for the death . "  We look to the Libyan government to thoroughly investigate this killing , " Carney said . Reports : People still missing after Libya weapons depot blast kills 20 U.S. Ambassador to Libya Deborah Jones tweeted : "  Libya 's enemies will not succeed in driving away her friends " and "  My heart goes out to the family of the American school teacher murdered today in Benghazi . " Harf said there would be no further comment for now and referred questions to Libyan authorities . The Interior Ministry has opened an investigation into the incident , according to a statement reported by Libya 's state news agency LANA . It said four unidentified assailants in a black Jeep opened fire on Smith , killing him instantaneously . "  This cowardly act in no way reflects the morals and traditions of the Libyan society , " LANA reported the ministry said . It also reported a statement from the Foreign Ministry , which vowed to bring those responsible to justice . Reports of the slaying , including a story filed by Reuters on Thursday , said that gunmen killed an American chemistry teacher working at an international school in Benghazi . Reuters cited medical and security sources . "  He was doing his morning exercise when gunmen just shot him . I do n't know why . He was so sweet with everyone , " Adel al Mansouri , the director at the school in Benghazi , told Reuters . Benghazi , Libya 's second-largest city , is where militants attacked a U.S. diplomatic mission in September 2012 , killing four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens . More than two years after the fall of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime , the Libyan government has been struggling to control the country , which is awash in weapons and armed groups . The security situation has deteriorated over the past year , especially in Benghazi , which was the cradle of the 2011 revolution . The United States blames one of the armed groups , Islamist militant group Ansar al-Sharia , for the deadly attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi . Violence kills 4 Libyan soldiers in Benghazi CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	NEW : Four assailants opened fire , killing him instantaneously , Interior Ministry says NEW : Authorities vow to bring those responsible to justice International School Benghazi mourns teacher Ronnie Smith 's "  untimely death " Benghazi is where militants attacked a U.S. diplomatic mission in September 2012
Rolling Stone  -- The "  heady fwendship " between Erykah Badu and Wayne Coyne , formed on the grounds of her guest feature on "  The Flaming Lips and Heady Fwends " Record Store Day LP , has hit a rough patch . Badu posted a lengthy tweet chastising the Flaming Lips frontman for the NSFW video released for their collaboration , "  The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face , " which went viral on June 1 . In the video , Badu soaks naked in a bathtub singing the airy lyrics , interrupted by shots of her little sister Nayrok getting deluged by liquid corn starch , gold glitter and a milky substance .  Badu is no stranger to taking her clothes off for cameras . Her video for "  Window Seat " shows the Queen of Neo-Soul stripping to her knickers while strolling through her native Dallas . While Badu first called "  The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face " video "  cosmic " in a tweet , she criticizes Coyne for releasing an unapproved version of the visuals , and she went as far as calling him "  self serving " in the TwitLonger message . "  I never would have approved that tasteless , meaningless , shock motivated video , " Badu wrote . In the message , she claimed Coyne misled her in their collaborative process . "  Yu did everything wrong from the on set , " she wrote . "  First : You showed me a concept of beautiful tasteful imagery  by way of vid text messages  . I trusted that . I was mistaken . Then u release an unedited , unapproved version within the next few days . That all spells 1 thing , Self Serving . When asked what the concept meant after u explained it , u replied , "  it does n't mean anything , I just want to make a great video that everyone is going to watch . " I understood , because as an artist we all desire that . But we do n't all do it at another artist 's expense . I attempted to resolve this respectfully by having conversations with u after the release but that too proved to be a poor excuse for art . " Back in March , Badu talked to Rolling Stone about the collaboration , saying Coyne interrupted her 29 times during the recording process until she was forced to say , "  C'mon man , just let me sing it ! " Badu bought this up again in her retort , posting , "  I should have followed my first mind back in studio when recording the vocals ` your way . ' " Badu fans were outraged by the NSFW video , forcing Coyne to take full responsibility for the footage on Twitter . The Lips camp has since also released the following statement : "  The video link that was erroneously posted on Pitchfork by the Flaming Lips of the Music Video ` The First Time I Ever Saw Your Face ' , which features Erykah Badu , is unedited and unapproved . Sorry !! We , the Flaming Lips , accept full responsibility for prematurely having Pitchfork post it . It has outraged and upset a segment of fans and we apologize if we offended any viewers !!! This is a Flaming Lips video which features Erykah Badu and her sister Nayrok and is not meant to be considered an Erykah Badu or Nayrok statement , creation , or approved version . " Despite the Lips trying to make amends , Badu still had these last words : "  you can KiSS MY Glittery A ** . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Erykah Badu posted a lengthy tweet chastising Wayne Coyne for the NSFW collaboration video "  The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face " went viral on June 1 Badu fans were outraged by the NSFW video
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran may be holding a former FBI agent in a bid to exchange him for Iranians seized by U.S. troops in Iraq in 2007 , a U.S. senator suggested Tuesday . Christine Levinson , wife of Robert Levinson , went to Tehran in 2007 to try to learn her husband 's fate . Robert Levinson disappeared from Iran 's Kish Island in March 2007 . Iranian authorities have repeatedly said they do n't have any information on him , but that is widely doubted in the United States . "  On several diplomatic occasions when Bob Levinson 's name has been brought up to Iranian officials , the standard answer is , ` We do n't know anything about that . ' But the next thing out of the Iranian officials ' mouths are to discuss the matter of the Iranians held by the Americans in Irbil , Iraq , " Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , told reporters . "  You can draw your own conclusions . " U.S. troops arrested five Iranians accused of being members of an elite Iranian military unit during a January 2007 raid in the Kurdish city of Irbil . They were accused of supporting Shiite militias in Iraq , but Iran said they were diplomats and accused the United States of violating international law by raiding a consulate . The United States said the men were taken at a liaison office that lacks diplomatic status . Two were released the next November . Nelson and Florida Democratic Rep. Robert Wexler , whose district includes Levinson 's Coral Springs home , are trying to jump-start efforts to find the missing man . Wexler said Iranian authorities have not assisted the Levinsons , saying they have "  zero knowledge " of his whereabouts and are stonewalling "  any effort to gain pertinent information . " Levinson 's wife , Christine , said her husband was working as a private investigator on a cigarette smuggling case when he disappeared . "  It 's been extremely difficult for my family , " she said . "  We hope to resolve this as soon as possible . " Wexler and Nelson said they plan to introduce legislation in their respective houses calling on Iran to cooperate with the United States and come up with information about Levinson . Nelson said Iran could use Levinson 's case as a show of good will toward the incoming Obama administration , which has said it wants to engage Iran after three decades without diplomatic relations . "  We hope that Iran will take this moment in time to show a change in the relationship with the United States by doing this humanitarian gesture for this family , " he said . In a January 22 letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Wexler asked that the case be raised "  at the highest levels . " Nelson raised Levinson 's status during Clinton 's confirmation hearing . Nelson said the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations has discussed Levinson 's case with him under the "  fiction " that he represents the people of Florida , not the U.S. government . But he said the Iranians have never acknowledged holding the former federal agent . Levinson had been working as a private investigator in Dubai and was last heard from on March 8 , 2007 . His family said he checked into a hotel on Kish Island and then checked out the next day to go back to the United States , but he never boarded his flight . Levinson family members have met with local Iranian officials and have traveled to Iran to retrace his steps . Christine Levinson also flew to the United Nations in September to ask questions about her husband , whom she says suffers from diabetes and high blood pressure . The family has offered a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to his safe return . The State Department and FBI have consistently denied Levinson was working for the government and have demanded Iran free Levinson -- if it is holding him . State Department spokesman Robert Wood said the U.S. government has called on Iran to provide more information about the matter "  for some time . " "  His family 's extremely concerned , as you can understand , that no information has been forthcoming , " Wood said . "  So , again , we call on the Iranians to provide whatever information they have on Mr. Levinson so that we can hopefully return this gentleman to his family . "	Robert Levinson disappeared almost two years ago from Iranian island Florida congressman , senator seek new attention from Obama administration Senator says Iranians caught in Iraq always mentioned in conjunction with Levinson Iranians say they have "  zero knowledge " of missing man 's whereabouts
A 16-year-old transgender girl in Connecticut is at the center of controversy after she was transferred to an adult prison , where she has been held for more than a month without criminal charges . "  Jane Doe , " as she is listed in court documents , has been in the York Correctional Facility in Niantic , Connecticut , since April 8 , spending the majority of her time there in solitary confinement , her attorney said . "  I tell myself that this is just a nightmare , but it does n't end . I know that I need to work on my issues and I want to , but this is not the place , " she wrote in an op-ed published in the Hartford Courant in late April . She was ordered to the women 's prison after the state Department of Children and Families concluded that she was "  dangerous to ... herself or others or can not be safely held , " according to the memorandum of the judge 's decision . DCF exercised a rarely used state law to persuade a judge to transfer the teen from its custody to the Department of Corrections . The court 's decision cited a "  history of assaultive behavior while in placement facilities , " which included at least 11 assaults against her peers and staff during her more than five years in DCF custody . The option to transfer "  Jane Doe " was set in motion by DCF Commissioner Joette Katz after the teen 's latest assault on a female staff worker during an out-of-state stint at a juvenile facility in Massachusetts . The incident left the staffer with a concussion and bite marks , according to reports , though no charges were pressed for the assault . "  Her behavior was more severe than other residents ...  and  made her especially dangerous and difficult to secure , " according to testimony by a juvenile detention supervisor . ` We 're not in Abu Ghraib ' A grassroots movement has been launched for the teen , demanding her release from prison . "  We 're not in Abu Ghraib . We 're in Connecticut , in a constitution state . This is nothing short of human rights abuse , " Aaron Romano , the teen 's attorney , told CNN . "  My client is an emotionally distressed child who has been victimized by people over and over again . She 's not charged with a crime , yet she was locked down in isolation , with a concrete block for her apartment , watched by guards 22 hours a day , even while she showered ... isolated from the rest of the world , " Romano said . This week , the teen was moved to a separate facility within the prison with "  a bedroom , private bathroom and a programming/recreation area , " DCF spokesman Gary Kleeblatt said . Doe 's case has drawn attention statewide and beyond , with her supporters launching protests in New York and outside DCF headquarters in Connecticut . The hashtag #Justice4Jane was trending this month on Twitter . "  I think from the statements the  Connecticut Department of Children and Families  commissioner has made , it 's clear on a fundamental level she does not understand Jane in a sympathetic light . She does not see her as a vulnerable person -- she sees her as a monster essentially , " Chase Strangio , staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union 's LGBT & AIDS Project , told CNN . "  You can see they are just using solitary confinement as default placement so they do n't have to figure out questions about where to safely house transgender individuals , " Strangio said . "  But we have federal law and we have our constitution that requires that these institutions and agencies take seriously the obligation to keep people safe . Placing people in solitary confinement does not meet that obligation . " Governor 's support Despite the controversy surrounding the DCF commissioner 's suggestion to transfer the teen to an adult prison , Katz has received support from Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy , who oversees the agency . "  The governor thinks the commissioner has done phenomenal work to transform an agency that is one of the most difficult in state government , " Andrew Doba , a spokesman for Malloy , told CNN . "  No one thinks this is a good option for the teen , and we 're working on a good resolution , " he added . "  I admit that I have acted out and got into fights , " Doe wrote in her op-ed in the Hartford Courant . "  I am not saying it was OK , but I have a lot of stuff built up inside me and do n't know how to deal with it at times . They tell me that trauma changes people and makes them act out . Believe me , it does . I have n't agreed with everything DCF has done , but I thought they were supposed to be on my side , " she wrote . Romano , Doe 's attorney , says he is suing the state for her release . "  We are looking at other options for Jane that will better meet her treatment needs , " DCF spokesman Kleeblatt said . The transgender community : Legally invisible no more ? Transgender , gay Indians fight to cast off taboos , stereotypes	"  Jane Doe , " 16 , was transferred from a child welfare agency 's custody to an adult prison The agency used a state law to persuade a judge to transfer the girl The court cited a "  history of assaultive behavior while in placement facilities " "  I need to work on my issues ... but this is not the place , " teen wrote in an op-ed
Washington  CNN  -- More than 20,000 pounds of beef have been recalled by a California company amid worries the meat is linked to two cases of salmonella , a federal food safety agency said . Beef Packers Inc. , based in Fresno , California , recalled 22,723 pounds of ground beef products produced on September 23 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said in a statement . The labels on the beef include the establishment number "  EST. 31913 , " the agency said . The beef was repackaged at a distribution plant in Arizona , then sold under different retail brand names , the agency said . The agency 's statement did not identify brand names . The products were sold in Arizona and New Mexico , said Mark Klein , spokesman for Cargill Inc. , which owns Beef Packers , Inc. . Consumers in those states should check with stores where they purchased meat to determine if they bought the recalled beef . Investigators have found an association between the meat and two Arizona people who have the "  Salmonella Newport " strain , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said . That strain is resistant to many commonly prescribed drugs , increasing the risk of hospitalization or ineffective treatment , the agency said . The most common symptoms of salmonellosis -- the bacterial foodborne illness caused by the salmonella infection -- are diarrhea , abdominal cramps and fever . Additional symptoms may be chills , headache , nausea and vomiting that can last up to seven days . Cargill spokesman Klein said the company is cooperating with the government . "  We take these matters seriously which is why we have initiated the recall and have cooperated with the government , " Klein said in an e-mail to CNN .	Ground beef products were sold in Arizona , New Mexico The beef from Beef Packers Inc. was sold under different brand names Salmonella strain found in two people is resistant to commonly prescribed drugs , agency says
CNN  -- Trains are as intrinsic to life for India 's billion-plus people as cars for Americans . Think , then , what it means that the Railway Ministry has been accused of ignoring "  massacre " on the tracks . About 15,000 people die each year simply trying to cross India 's mammoth network of railway lines , much of it left over from colonial days . That according to a scathing new safety report that blames the government for a lack of safety on a railway system used by 20 million Indians each day . Often , vast slums hug tracks and people live lives synchronized with the rhythms and noises of the trains roaring by . They walk the tracks every day as though it were their backyard . The report by the safety panel , set up in September after a series of rail accidents , said many of the deaths resulted from outdated technology and a lack of infrastructure . "  Reluctance of Indian Railways to own these casualties , which do not fall under the purview of train accidents but are nevertheless accidents on account of trains can by no means be ignored , " said the report issued recently by the High Level Safety Review Committee . "  No civilized society can accept such massacre on their railway system , " it said . The panel said 6,000 of the deaths occurred in Mumbai 's commuter system alone . "  We feel the grim situation on the Mumbai suburban system has to be tackled on a different war footing , " it said . People are dying , it said , because of unmanned train crossings and a lack of barricades , fences and pedestrian bridges . Or the platforms are too narrow and stations lack facilities such as elevators for the disabled . Another 1,000 people die because they fall off crammed compartments or in train collisions , the report said . It said accidents of a minor nature and near misses were not included in the data . The report made a host of safety improvements and recommended a budget of about $ 20 billion over the next five years to implement changes . "  The demands on the system are rapidly growing without commensurate investments for upgradation of technology and modernization consistent with modern times , " the report said .	15,000 people are killed trying to cross train tracks every year A safety panel said almost half of the deaths were in Mumbai It said ` no civilized society can accept such massacre ' It blamed outdated technology and lack of infrastructure
CNN  -- When Annie Leibovitz photographed the heavily pregnant actress Demi Moore for her private album , she never intended for that image to be seen by a wider audience . But the young editor Tina Brown decided to put the picture on the cover of her magazine Vanity Fair . That was 1991 . More than two decades later , that very Vanity Fair cover is one of the most memorable images of our time . "  I did n't expect the storm that it created , " Brown , now editor-in-chief of The Daily Beast and Newsweek Global , told CNN . "  It was a good risk because we put on an unbelievable amount of sales . It became a kind of iconic picture for women . " The cover was one of a series of bold and sometimes controversial decisions that have cemented Brown as one of the most influential magazine editors of a generation . The risks Brown has taken -- from adding celebrity culture to highbrow news magazines to ending the print run of Newsweek magazine -- have brought both success and failure throughout her career . "  Unfortunately taking risks comes so easily to me that you can call it reckless at times , " said Brown . "  I have to hold myself back a little and think ` wait a minute , be careful because you know you can blow it , too . ' " British-born Brown revived the fortunes of two ailing bastions of the newsstand , Vanity Fair , which she began editing aged just 30 , and The New Yorker . In the 15 years Brown edited Vanity Fair , she took its monthly sales from 200,000 to 1.2 million and is credited with saving the magazine with her signature formula of mixing serious news with celebrity culture . She again worked her magic at The New Yorker , which she edited for six years , increasing circulation by 145 % on the newsstand and 28 % overall . In 1998 , she left The New Yorker to launch Talk Magazine , which folded after only three years . Her latest venture is perhaps the most controversial of all . Brown launched news website The Daily Beast -- named after the fictional newspaper in the Evelyn Waugh novel "  Scoop " -- in 2008 and merged it with Newsweek in 2010 . While The Daily Beast is gaining a loyal digital readership -- with up to 16 million unique users a month and advertising up 30 % year on year -- Brown 's Midas touch has yet to work on Newsweek . Like many weekly print magazines , circulation for Newsweek has slumped -- from three million in 2007 to 1.5 million in 2012 . And after 80 years on the newsstand , Brown took the stark decision to make Newsweek an all digital publication , printing its farewell edition on December 31 , 2012 . Twitter lit up with #LastPrintIssue , which also featured on the last cover of the magazine 's final edition . Although it continues as an online magazine , its owner IAC has now announced it is seeking a buyer for the Newsweek brand . At the age of 59 , Brown is now running an all digital business for the first time in her career , and divides opinion on whether she can adapt her operation to meet the demands of a fickle online media world . "  Great editors have great successes and great failures , " says Ken Doctor , digital media analyst and author of Newsonomics , " -LSB- Brown -RSB- had remarkable success with Vanity Fair and The New Yorker , but Talk was a spectacular failure . "  She is a ` tweener , ' connecting Britain and U.S. sensibilities , connecting celebrity and serious news , connecting print and digital . There are not many people who have done that . "  She has ridden with the times in creating The Daily Beast ; she is someone who adapts and learns . " Others , however , see Brown as a great magazine editor of her time , and believe she has yet to master the digital media landscape . "  She is a creature of a different age , " says Jeff Bercovici , media and technology staff writer at Forbes . "  The formula she brought with her is the opposite of what works online . In the digital world , successful sites have started really small and gradually built up with unknown writers . Her line was to hire expensive writers and do something with panache , but that does n't work online . " Though she has her critics , Brown marks her own success by the fact that people are still talking about her . "  I do n't think any editor wants to put out anything that falls into silence , " says Brown . "  I do tend to have points of view that are sometimes counter to the wind . "	Bold moves have made Tina Brown one of the most influential magazine editors of a generation She ended print-run of Newsweek , making it an all digital magazine alongside news website The Daily Beast Can she continue her magazine success in a digital media world ?
CNN  -- The Scottish Rugby Union has appointed Andy Robinson , formerly coach of bitter rivals England , as the new national team boss . Andy Robinson will be seeking to revive the fortunes of Scotland 's struggling rugby side . The 45-year-old won eight caps as a flanker for England , and was assistant coach in Clive Woodward 's 2003 World Cup-winning set-up before taking over for an ill-fated reign himself in 2004 , winning just nine of 22 matches . Robinson returned to top-class coaching with Celtic League team Edinburgh in 2007 , and has sufficiently impressed Scottish officials in the 20 months since then to win favor as the replacement for Frank Hadden . He had been part of Hadden 's backroom staff , and had already been chosen to coach Scotland A this summer . Hadden resigned on April 2 after Scotland again struggled in the Six Nations , finishing second from bottom with just one win from five outings . Robinson was delighted to be given the chance to return to the international stage . "  With the World Cup in New Zealand in 2011 , I believe we have a crop of players who can really challenge the world 's best , and preparation for that starts now , " he told the SRU Web site . "  I 'm looking forward to leading Scotland A into the IRB Nations Cup in Romania next week and thereafter preparing for our Autumn Tests at Murrayfield against Fiji , Australia and Argentina . " Robinson is believed to have headed off the likes of South Africa 's World Cup-winning coach Jake White and former Australia boss Eddie Jones for the job . Former Scotland captain and British and Irish Lion Gordon Bulloch was part of the interview panel that determined the appointment . "  Andy was the outstanding candidate from a quite exceptional shortlist which underlines the allure of coaching the Scotland team , " he told the SRU 's Web site . "  I know from having had the privilege of his coaching and guidance on Lions tours that he is passionate about his rugby , is a skilled communicator and has values and an ethos which are absolutely at one with developing a winning Scotland team . " Scottish Rugby chief executive Gordon McKie said he was confident Robinson would prove to be successful . "  Andy has proved himself at every level of the game and we are thrilled that he will now be leading the Scotland team as we look towards the challenges of the next three years , including the 2011 World Cup , " McKie said . "  He has been part of the Scottish Rugby family for the past two years and has brought success both to Edinburgh Rugby , with their highest ever Magners League finish in successive seasons , and has also guided the Scotland A team to notable successes . "	Andy Robinson appointed new coach of Scotland 's national rugby team Robinson replaces Frank Hadden , who resigned in April after poor results The 45-year-old has played for and coached England 's national side He rebuilt his career with Edinburgh after being sacked by England
CNN  -- Very few pandas are born each year , but even fewer of the fragile cubs stay alive . That 's why zookeepers say it 's a "  miracle " after a panda gave birth to a healthy set of triplets , who have now survived over two weeks and are reportedly doing well . The cubs , which weighed 83 grams , 90 grams , and 122 grams , respectively , at birth , are thought to be the only living panda triplets in the world . The 12-year-old mother , Juxiao  whose name means "  chrysanthemum smile "  gave birth to the adorable cubs on July 29 in China 's Chimelong Safari Park in the southern city of Guangzhou . The delivery took four hours , said Dong Guixin , the manager of the park . "  After nearly half a month under the care of the mother , the babies are very healthy , " China Daily reported Dong as saying . "  They now weigh nearly two times what they did when they were born ... It was a miracle for us and the births exceeded our expectations . " The new trio are now with their mother and are being cared for by a team of feeders , he said . Pandas are known for having very low survival rates . According to the Chengdu Research Base for Giant Panda Breeding , only one-third to one-half of pandas born in Chinese captivity manage to survive past infancy . In 1999 , another set of giant panda triplets was born in China , but one died after three days . In the next few weeks , another little panda could enter the world : Tian Tian , a panda living in Scotland 's Edinburgh Zoo , is suspected to be pregnant and may give birth before the end of August . Thanks to science , there are more baby pandas	Panda triplets were born on July 29 in Guangzhou , China Babies are "  very healthy , " says park manager They are thought to be the only living panda triplets in the world
Seoul  CNN  -- Head butting stacked tiles , smashing a slab of granite on your chest with a mallet , breaking light bulbs with one finger . All vital qualifications if you want a job protecting the elite of North Korea . Propaganda footage from North Korean TV shows a staggering array of physical feats , using taekwondo and other martial arts . Visually impressive -- although it 's not certain how the skills would keep an armed assassin at bay . Lee Young-guk was bodyguard to the late Kim Jong Il for 10 years until just before he took control of North Korea . He says he went through very similar training before he was considered fit to protect a leader . "  It 's tough training , " says Lee . "  But why do it ? It 's to build up loyalty . A handgun wo n't win a war and taekwondo serves nothing but the spirit , but it creates loyalty . " Bodyguards ` brainwashed ' In an interview at CNN 's Seoul bureau , Lee says his training also involved more traditional methods . Target practice , physical , tactical and weight training , swimming and using a boat . But that 's only part of the preparation . A large part of the training , he claims , is ideological brainwashing . Lee says he was trained to believe Kim Jong Il was a god -- and that the only reason he was born was to serve and protect the "  Dear Leader . " But in the almost eleven years he stood by his side , he says he saw a man surrounded by fear . He recalls "  two faces " to the man -- describing him as someone who could give out gold when he was happy , and death sentences when he was not . "  When Kim Jong Il would arrive in his vehicle , 60 - to 70-year old advisors would run away and throw themselves onto the grass . They had dust on their clothes but they wanted to hide from him , " says Lee . "  They are scared because even when he was happy he would be rude and could chop off their heads . " He remembers a senior official who once used Kim Jong Il 's private elevator and ashtray . When Kim found out , he sent him to a concentration camp -- where the man died . ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea , panel says Kim Jong Un worst of all ? Lee knew the North Korean leader was cruel when he was serving him . But , he says , it was only after he escaped to South Korea , his new home , that he realized Kim was a true dictator -- as his father Kim Il Sung had been before him , and his son and current leader Kim Jong Un is now . But he is worried that Kim Jong Un may be the worst of all . "  Kim Jong Un ended up killing his uncle , who even Kim Jong Il could not kill , " said Lee . "  As power was handed down to the third generation , it became crueler . Kim Jong Un has created loyalty , but it is fake and based on fear . " From experiencing the opulent palaces , food and women he says were in abundance in Kim Jong Il 's entourage , Lee then saw the other extreme of life in North Korea . North Korea : ` We were forced to eat grass and soil ' After being caught trying to escape in 1994 , he was sent to the infamously brutal Yodok political camp . He eventually escaped , becoming one of an estimated 25,000 defectors who now call South Korea home . In his new life , he has worked as a duck farmer , written a book about his life in the North , and developed a career as a media pundit , speaking about his experiences on the other side of the border . It was this desire to escape , and tell the world the story of what he had witnessed , that helped him survive the horrors of the camps , he says . Under pressure , North Korea proposes human rights visit	Lee Young-guk was bodyguard to the late North Korean leader Kim Jong Il for ten years He remembers him as a man surrounded by terrified advisors Lee was caught trying to escape in 1994 and sent to an infamous prison camp He says he fears the current North Korean leader may be even worse than his father
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thai police want to arrest another Iranian allegedly behind the bombs in Bangkok , a fifth member of a group they say intended to strike Israeli diplomats . Authorities plan to seek a court warrant for Nikkhahfard Javad , a 52-year-old man who was seen leaving the Bangkok building where the first blast took place on Tuesday , Police Maj. Gen. Anuchai Lekbumrung said Friday . A Thai criminal court already has issued arrest warrants for four Iranians . The Bangkok blasts went off a day after a device attached to an Israeli Embassy van in New Delhi exploded , wounding four people . Another device , found on an embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia 's capital , was safety detonated . The Thai National Security Council has drawn a tentative link between the bombs in Bangkok and those in India and Georgia , saying the materials used in the explosive devices were similar . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has blamed Tehran for the attacks . But Iran has denied the accusation , saying that "  Israeli agents are often the perpetrators of such terrorist acts . " Indian police said Thursday that they have not established an Iranian tie to the New Delhi bombing . Thai authorities have said they are holding three Iranian suspects -- Saeid Moradi , 28 , whose legs were blown off by his own bomb -- and Mohammad Hazaei , 42 , who was taken into custody Tuesday at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi Airport as he tried to board a plane to Malaysia . Masoud Sedaghatzadeh , 31 , was arrested Wednesday by Malaysian authorities in Kuala Lumpur . All three face charges that include joint assembling of explosive devices , joint possession of explosive devices without permits and causing an explosion injuring other persons . Moradi also faces charges of attempted killing of state officials on duty and the intentional attempted killing of other persons . A fourth Iranian , a woman identified as Rohani Leila , remained at large . She is suspected of renting the house where the first device exploded , apparently by accident . Hezbollah , a Shiite Muslim group active in Lebanon that the United States views as a terrorist organization , has denied involvement in the bombs in Thailand , India and Georgia . "  We are not afraid to say that we had nothing to do with these explosions , " Hassan Nasrallah , the head of Hezbollah , said in a televised address from an undisclosed location in Lebanon . Hezbollah has received financial and political assistance , as well as weapons and training , from Iran . Nasrallah denied that the anniversary of the death of a Hezbollah commander Imad Mugniyah in 2008 in an explosion in Damascus , Syria , had inspired the attacks -- a theory posited by some security analysts . Thai authorities have said that they do not believe Hezbollah is connected to the bombings in Bangkok . Last month , Thai authorities charged a Lebanese man they said they believed was a member of Hezbollah with possession of explosive materials . The police charged the man , Atris Hussein , after finding outside Bangkok "  initial chemical materials that could produce bombs . " The authorities said they believed Hussein was trying to attack spots in Bangkok popular with Western tourists . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Kevin Flower , Harmeet Singh and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A Thai court has issued warrants for four Iranians in relation to bombings in Bangkok The police say they want to arrest a fifth person , a 52-year-old man The Bangkok blasts came after bombs targeted Israelis in India and Georgia Israel and Iran have traded accusations over who is to blame for the bombings
U.S. special operations units were sent into Syria this summer to rescue American journalist James Foley and other hostages held by Islamic militants , a U.S. official told CNN . Several dozen of the most elite U.S. commandos from units like Delta Force and Navy SEAL Team 6 flew in aboard helicopters but could n't find the hostages , including Foley , whose grisly execution was captured on video and released this week by ISIS , the terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . "  Unfortunately , the mission was not successful because the hostages were not present at the targeted location , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said on Wednesday . It 's the latest revelation about Foley 's final days in the hands of ISIS , which taunted his family in an e-mail a week ago , saying he would be killed . "  The message was vitriolic and filled with rage against the United States . It was deadly serious , " said Philip Balboni , CEO of the online publication GlobalPost , which employed Foley . "  Obviously , we hoped and prayed that would not be the case . ... Sadly , they showed no mercy . " Balboni told the Wall Street Journal that the captors originally demanded a ransom sum of 100 million euros  $ 132.5 million  from Foley 's family and GlobalPost . Then came the message sent to Foley 's family last week . "  There was no demand , " Balboni said . Obama : ISIS is a ` cancer ' Obama says ISIS a ` cancer ' that must be eradicated In the video , which CNN is not showing , Foley is seen on his knees as a man cloaked in black , his face covered , stands behind him . Foley is then executed . The video of his killing also shows another U.S. journalist , believed to be Steven Sotloff . The militant in the video , who speaks English with what sounds like a British accent , says the other American 's life hangs in the balance , depending on what President Barack Obama does next in Iraq . But the threat did little to curb U.S. military operations in Iraq , with American warplanes carrying out at least 14 airstrikes against ISIS targets . Calling ISIS a "  cancer , " Obama said the United States "  will continue to confront this hateful terrorism and replace it with a sense of hope and civility . " Several ISIS operatives were killed in the special operation earlier this summer that tried to rescue Foley and others , the U.S. official said . No U.S. personnel were killed , but one was slightly wounded . Fighters jets and surveillance aircraft provided overhead protection to the troops . Who is the ISIS ? Foley 's father : They showed no mercy Messages from Foley 's captors began last fall , Balboni of GlobalPost said . Foley , a freelance journalist , was on assignment when he disappeared on November 22 , 2012 , in northwest Syria , near the border with Turkey . "  The captors never messaged a lot . There was a very limited number with a very specific purpose . ... They made demands , " Balboni said . Some messages were political and some were financial . Then came the final message last week , without any demand . Foley 's family , according to Balboni , responded in an e-mail , pleading for mercy and asking for more time . They did not hear back . The captors showed no mercy , Foley 's father , John , told reporters on Wednesday , breaking down in tears . Foley 's family appears to have been among the journalist 's final thoughts . In the execution video posted Tuesday to YouTube , Foley reads a message , presumably scripted in part , if not all , by his captors . "  I wish I had more time . I wish I could have the hope for freedom to see my family once again , " he can be heard saying . Foley 's parents , flanked by one of his brothers , talked to reporters about their son 's plight . "  Jim was innocent and they knew it , " his mother , Diane , said . "  They knew that Jim was just a symbol of our country . " His father broke down several times . "  We beg compassion and mercy " for the other American journalist shown in the video , said John Foley . Sotloff , a contributor to Time and Foreign Policy magazines , was kidnapped at the Syria-Turkey border in 2013 . "  They never hurt anybody , " John Foley said . "  They were trying to help . There is no reason for their slaughter . " James Foley , 40 , previously had been taken captive in Libya . He was detained there in April 2011 along with three other reporters , and released six weeks later . Afterward , he said that what saddened him most was knowing that he was causing his family to worry . His parents talked about asking him why he wanted to return to conflict zones . "  Why do firemen keep going back to blazing homes ? " John Foley told reporters . "  This was his passion . He was not crazy . He was motivated by what he thought was doing the right thing ... that gave him energy to continue despite the risk . " His mother said she remembered him telling her , "  Mom , I found my passion . I found my vocation . " Source : Foley tortured , beaten Disturbing details about Foley 's final months began to emerge Wednesday . A source who claims to have been held last year with Foley told CNN 's Bharati Naik that he , Foley and another journalist were held from March to August 2013 in a prison in the Syrian city of Aleppo near Masha al-Adfaa hospital . At the time , the source -- who spoke on condition of anonymity -- said they were being held by al-Nusra Front , a Syrian rebel group with ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . At one point , according to the source , there were almost 100 people -- including other European journalists -- in the prison . The source believes Foley and the other journalist , who was not Sotloff , were transferred to an ISIS training camp . Foley and the other journalist , according to the source , were tortured in prison -- mostly beaten . Foley and the other journalist , who the source declined to identify , said they gave him contact numbers and e-mail addresses to pass on messages to their family members . The source told CNN he lost the contacts and did not get in touch with the families . He said he did , however , give the information about the journalists to Western government authorities in November 2013 , including details about where Foley was being held . French journalist Nicolas Henin told France Info radio he had been held with Foley in northern Syria prior to his release in April . Henin , who has never before spoken about Foley because he did n't want to jeopardize his safety , said he was held for seven months with the American journalist . Hostages were held in groups . At one point , he shared a cell with Foley . Foley "  was in a difficult state , " Henin said . "  He already suffered a lot during his first months  of captivity  and thankfully we shared a phase  in our detention  that was less difficult . " Foley , according to Henin , said he had been initially kidnapped by a group of jihadists who were fighting in Syria . The Committee to Protect Journalists estimates there are about 20 journalists missing in Syria , many of them held by ISIS . Among them is American Austin Tice , a freelance journalist who was contributing articles to The Washington Post . Tice disappeared in Syria in August 2012 . There has been no word of or from him since his abduction . What to know about ISIS Searching for clues U.S. and British counterterrorism analysts are examining every frame and piece of audio of the execution video for clues about where it took place and who the executioner is , U.S. officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . The voice in the video seems to have a British accent so they 're trying to match any individuals known to the British government who may have gone to Syria to fight in that nation 's civil war . The analysts are looking at clothing , climate , terrain , language and wording and whether there are any National Security Agency or UK phone intercepts matching the voice , the officials said . U.S. Official : ISIS ` credible alternative to al Qaeda ' Foley 's killing recalled the murder of Daniel Pearl , The Wall Street Journal correspondent who was kidnapped while reporting in Pakistan in January 2002 . His killing was captured on video and posted online by al Qaeda . Pearl 's mother , Ruth Pearl , responded to Foley 's death with a tweet posted by the Daniel Pearl Foundation Twitter account that reads : "  Our hearts go out to the family of journalist James Foley . We know the horror they are going through . " Foley 's death also harkened to the videotaped beheadings of Americans Nicholas Berg , Eugene Armstrong and Jack Hensley carried out by al Qaeda during the height of the Iraq War . Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors	GlobalPost CEO says the captors originally asked for 100 million euros in ransom Foley 's family received a limited number of messages from them Several dozen U.S. troops from elite units participated in a failed rescue , a U.S. official says The U.S. operation killed several ISIS operatives , the official says
CNN  -- The weather can affect your travel , your mood and apparently the size of your family . Edie is a proud blizzard baby , and her parents have already bought her a snowsuit for this year . Denver hospitals are reporting a baby boom , which is arriving about nine months after two blizzards walloped Colorado 's capital city . With roads shut down for days , couples were stuck at home and apparently cuddled up to stay warm . Marjorie Silva told the Rocky Mountain News that she has a new baby because she did n't want her husband to play in the snow during the blizzard . "  It was cold , and we took a bath together , " she told the newspaper , referring to husband Hansell . "  And one thing led to another . He wanted to go outside and play with the snow , and I did n't want to . ... We just ate and stayed in bed . " Hospital staffers are working extra hours and using an overflow unit to take care of all the new babies and moms at Avista Adventist Hospital in suburban Louisville , according to Lynne Snyder , the director of women 's services . One baby could n't wait to get to the second-floor delivery room . The doctors had to go to Mom at the bottom of the stairs , and everyone went into the emergency room to help the infant into into the world . The infants are going home with T-shirts pronouncing them proud to be a blizzard baby . Dad : We waited nine months for our Christmas present " Edie Coddington is wearing one of those shirts , even though her parents , Odele and Ian , were out of town when the storms hit . They were visiting family in Calgary and had to wait until the two blizzards cleared before they could get back to Colorado . Edie was a very happy surprise , Odele Coddington said . Their joy is shared by co-workers who are having an "  enormous rash " of blizzard babies , Ian Coddington said , adding that company picnics will be very entertaining in about five years , when the babies are older and running around . For now , more babies may be on the way . Sky Ridge Medical Center , just south of Denver , expects a 20 percent increase in deliveries in October . One doctor at the hospital told CNN affiliate KMGH that he expects the baby boom to last for couple of more months . "  The snow stayed on the ground throughout December , January , and into February . My theory is that the cabin fever did n't set in until a little bit later , " Dr. Steve Grover said . Although the new parents and hospitals are having fun with the term blizzard babies , officials say it will be months before it can be determined whether there is any connection between the blizzards and the new arrivals . And previous purported baby booms have been discounted after experts studied the numbers , according to The Associated Press . University of North Carolina and Duke University researchers found there were no booms after the New York City blackouts in 1965 and 1977 . But already , Denver-area businesses say they are benefiting from a boom in sales . "  We 've also been selling a lot of diaper bags and blankets . I 'm completely wiped out of blankets . I ca n't keep up with the blankets , " Linde Schlumbohm , the owner of Studio Bini , told the TV station . E-mail to a friend	Denver hospitals reporting increase in baby deliveries Staff at one hospital working overtime to handle deliveries One couple escaped snow but got caught in baby blizzard
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Monday that the United States will resume using military commissions to prosecute alleged terrorists held at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility . In the announcement , the president said his administration remains committed to closing the controversial detention facility but will rescind its previous suspension on bringing new charges before military commissions . The commissions are military proceedings rather than trials in civilian courts . Obama also called for prosecuting Guantanamo detainees in U.S. criminal courts when appropriate , and issued an executive order calling for periodic reviews of suspects held under indefinite detention . The steps followed through on Obama 's previous call to reform the process of prosecuting or holding Guantanamo detainees to make it more in line with international laws and standards , according to senior administration officials who briefed reporters on condition of not being identified by name . However , the American Civil Liberties Union and the Center for Constitutional Rights both criticized the administration for what they called institutionalizing indefinite detention of terrorism suspects who have yet to be formally charged or designated for transfer to another country , but are considered too dangerous to set free . "  The creation of a review process that will take up to a year -- designed to be repeated every four years -- is a tacit acknowledgment that the Obama administration intends to leave Guantanamo as a scheme for unlawful detention without charge and trial for future presidents to clean up , despite the fact that senior officials acknowledged today that keeping the prison open continues to hinder our national security in the long run , " the constitutional rights center said in a statement . Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler of New York also called the administration 's announcement disappointing , saying the Guantanamo facility is a "  blot " on U.S. national honor . Noting that Congress passed a law prohibiting the transfer of Guantanamo detainees for trial in the United States , Nadler said that "  as a result , the administration has turned to the legally dubious military commissions to try these suspects . " Established in response to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorism attacks on the United States , the Guantanamo Bay facility has been a lightning rod for criticism of the U.S. handling of terrorism suspects . Under the Bush administration , allegations of mistreatment of detainees , including harsh living conditions and denying them full U.S. legal rights , led to the facility becoming a recruiting tool for terrorist groups such as al Qaeda , U.S. officials say . Obama previously pledged to close the Guantanamo Bay facility within a year of taking office in January 2009 , prompting criticism from conservatives . In addition , his administration has sought to prosecute some high-profile detainees -- such as alleged September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed -- in civilian courts on the U.S. mainland , which drew widespread opposition that crossed traditional party lines . The Guantanamo facility remains open today due to legal complexities involving the status of some detainees and congressional opposition to holding trials for high-profile suspects in U.S. criminal courts . Shortly after Obama 's announcement Monday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced the withdrawal of his prior suspension of new charges before military commissions . Gates cited reforms of the military commissions under a 2009 law , and he and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen both expressed support for also using civilian courts to prosecute terrorism suspects . "  For reasons of national security , we must have available to us all the tools that exist for preventing and combating international terrorist activity , and protecting our nation , " Gates ' statement said . "  For years , our federal courts have proven to be a secure and effective means for bringing terrorists to justice . To completely foreclose this option is unwise and unnecessary . " Congressional Republicans -- including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith of Texas , House Armed Services Committee Chairman Howard "  Buck " McKeon of California and House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King of New York -- welcomed the renewal of military commissions . However , McKeon and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers of Michigan criticized Obama for acting on his own instead of working out a policy with Congress . Rogers said he was "  disappointed the White House chose to put another Band-Aid on this problem , rather than working with Congress to develop the comprehensive and long-term legislative framework we need . " McKeon also questioned what the steps announced Monday mean for high-profile detainees such as Mohammed and other September 11 conspirators . The senior administration officials refused to comment on any individual cases . They said they expected new charges against Guantanamo detainees to be filed with military commissions soon , perhaps within days or weeks , and noted that the Obama administration had transferred 67 detainees to third countries so far , leaving a total of 172 in the facility . In addition , the senior administration officials said they would try to repeal the law that prevents the transfer of Guantanamo detainees for trial in the United States . "  Military commissions should proceed in cases where it has been determined appropriate to do so , " the administration said in an information sheet issued Monday . "  Because there are situations , however , in which our federal courts are a more appropriate forum for trying particular individuals , we will seek repeal of the restrictions imposed by Congress , so that we can move forward in the forum that is , in our judgment , most in line with our national security interests and the interests of justice . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report	NEW : Democrat Nadler calls the plan disappointing Obama and defense secretary say civilian trials of terror suspects also should continue The president orders periodic reviews of detainees Congressional Republicans welcome the move
Novak Djokovic 's domination of men 's tennis has made him a hero in his homeland of Serbia , and the world No. 1 's achievements were recognized on Wednesday when he was awarded the nation 's highest honor . After winning three out of four grand slam titles in 2011 and clinching the Australian Open in Melbourne last month , Djokovic was given the Order of the Karadjordje 's Star of the 1st degree by Serbian president Boris Tadic . It is just the latest accolade to be handed to Djokovic , who was also named Laureus Sportsman of the year last week after winning 41 matches in a row at the start of 2011 and losing only six all year . "  I may have dreamed of lifting the trophy at Wimbledon , but I could never have thought that my country would reward me with such great honor , " the 24-year-old five-time grand slam winner told his official website . "  I am indebted to my people , and I will do my best to continue representing our beautiful country in the best possible way . " Tadic praised Djokovic , saying : "  Novak deserves the medal for special merits in representing Serbia . " Serbian Tennis Federation president Vuk Jeremic described Djokovic , who was part of Serbia 's Davis Cup-winning team in 2010 , as the greatest sporting hero the country has produced . "  Tennis has become the most popular sport in Serbia and a source of collective pride , " Jeremic told CNN of Djokovic 's impact . "  People identify with Novak , and draw great inspiration from his can-do , never-give-up attitude . He 's the role model -- unbreakable , devoted , patriotic , charismatic . " As well as the impact Djokovic has had on the court , Jeremic also hailed the positive impact he has had on Serbia 's image around the world . "  No athlete in our history has become such a national hero . And as far as Serbia 's image abroad is concerned -- can you think of a better public diplomacy vehicle ? " Djokovic will next be in action at the Dubai Tennis Championships at the end of this month for an event he has won the last three years .	Novak Djokovic has been given Serbia 's highest honor at a ceremony in Belgrade The world No. 1 has won four out of five grand slams since the start of 2011 Serbian president Boris Tadic said Djokovic deserved the accolade Djokovic : "  I will do my best to continue representing our beautiful country "
RollingStone.com  -- U2 surprised the world Tuesday by releasing "  Songs of Innocence , " their first album in five years , as a gift from Apple . It was available for free immediately to anyone with iTunes . The band made the announcement with Apple CEO Tim Cook at a Cupertino press conference for the new iPhone 6 , capping the event with a performance of the album 's first single , "  The Miracle  of Joey Ramone  . " After a standing ovation , Cook said , "  Was n't that the most incredible single you ever heard ? We would love a whole album of that . " Catch up on the Apple launch : The live blog "  The question is now , how do we get it to as many people as possible , because that 's what our band is all about , " Bono said . "  I do believe you have over half a billion subscribers to iTunes , so -- could you get this to them ? " "  If we gave it away for free , " Cook replied . And five seconds later , the album was unleashed in the largest album release of all time . "  We wanted to make a very personal album , " Bono told Rolling Stone 's Gus Wenner the day before the press conference in an exclusive interview . "  Let 's try to figure out why we wanted to be in a band , the relationships around the band , our friendships , our lovers , our family . The whole album is first journeys  $ " first journeys geographically , spiritually , sexually . And that 's hard . But we went there . " The band worked on "  Innocence " for two years with producer Danger Mouse  a.k.a. Brian Burton  , then brought in additional help : Flood , their collaborator since 1987 's "  The Joshua Tree , " plus Adele producers Paul Epworth and Ryan Tedder . "  I think having them around really helped , " Bono said . "  Some of the music out there now that people call pop , it 's not pop -- it 's just truly great . And we wanted to have the discipline of the Beatles or the Stones in the '60s , when you had real songs . There 's nowhere to hide in them : clear thoughts , clear melodies . " Innovative album releases that shook the music industry To begin , the band went back to its roots . Bono said the group listened to the music they loved in the '70s , from punk rock to Bowie , glam rock , early electronica and Joy Division . The album kicks off with "  The Miracle  of Joey Ramone  , " a loping pop song laced with distinctly punk-ish power chords . "  I found my voice through Joey Ramone because I was n't the obvious punk-rock singer , or even rock singer , " Bono said . "  I sang like a girl -- which I 'm into now , but when I was 17 or 18 , I was n't sure . And I heard Joey Ramone , who sang like a girl , and that was my way in . " The driving , reggae-tinged "  This Is Where You Can Reach Me Now " is a tribute to the Clash , with slinky guitars from the Edge that nod to Sandinista ! . "  After we saw the Clash , it was a sort of blueprint for U2 , " Bono said . "  We knew we could n't possibly hope to be as cool , and that 's proven to be true , but we did think we could get behind a sort of social justice agenda . " There is also an intensely personal song about Bono 's mother , Iris Hewson , who died when he was 14 . "  Forty years ago , my mother fell at her own father 's funeral , and I never spoke with her again , " he says . "  Rage always follows grief , and I had a lot of it , and I still have , but I channeled it into music and I still do . I have very few memories of my mother , and I put a few of them in a song called ` Iris . ' " U2 's ` Songs of Innocence ' : A track-by-track guide The most joyous track on "  Songs of Innocence " is "  California  There Is No End to Love  , " which unexpectedly nods to the Beach Boys in its intro . "  It 's like the sun itself , " Bono said . "  It 's about our first trip to Los Angeles . " The darkest track , meanwhile , is "  Raised by Wolves , " which tells of a deadly car bombing in Dublin . "  It was a real incident that happened in our country where three car bombs were set to go off at the same time in Dublin on a Friday night , 5:30 , " the artist said . "  On any other Friday I would have been at this record shop , just down the corner , but I cycled to school that day . " At times , "  Songs of Innocence " feels almost like a concept album about Bono 's early years -- there 's even a track named after the street where the singer grew up , "  Cedarwood Road . " "  It has a lyrical cohesion that I think is unique amongst U2 albums , " Bono said . "  I do n't want it to be a concept album , but the songs come from a place . Edge laughed and said this is our ` Quadrophenia . ' We could be so lucky . " See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	U2 released a surprise album during Apple 's launch event September 9 "  Songs of Innocence " is available for free to iTunes subscribers Bono : "  We wanted to make a very personal album "
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic began his bid to win a second Wimbledon title with a straight sets victory as he focused hard on avoiding a shock Rafael Nadal-style defeat . A day after the Spaniard bowed out against Belgian world No. 135 Steve Darcis , the Serb was in unforgiving mood as he defeated Germany 's Florian Mayer 6-3 7-5 6-4 . Djokovic was playing his first match since losing a thrilling five-set semifinal at the French Open against Nadal , who went on to win the tournament for a record eighth time . "  I watched the bigger part of  the Nadal-Darcis  match and I thought that his opponent played great , " Djokovic said . "  Darcis came up with some incredible shots , incredible points in important moments and he deserved to win . "  I know people expect all the top players to get to at least the final stages of a grand slam or whatever tournament they play . It was a surprise in the end him losing to Darcis , but his opponent played great . " Having been seeded in the opposite section of the draw , Djokovic would have been unable to meet Nadal until the final itself but now his main rivals would appear to be either Wimbledon maestro Roger Federer , the defending champion , or local favorite Andy Murray . Yet Djokovic is refusing to look so far ahead as he says the early rounds of grand slams can be very testing for the world 's leading players . "  You can not take anything or anybody for granted . You have to be grateful for being in this position and work even harder to stay there , " said the 2011 Wimbledon champion . "  The sport is evolving , like everything in life . Everybody is getting better , getting more professional . "  Especially at the opening stages of grand slams , there are a lot of quality players who have nothing to lose really coming on the Center Court or Court One , playing in front of 10,000 or more people . "  Against one of the top players , what can you really lose ? You 're going and you 're playing your best tennis . " Djokovic had taken a risk ahead of the championships by failing to play any competitive matches on grass but he gave a convincing display against a player whose game , the Serb says , is "  suited to grass " . Bidding for a seventh grand slam , Djokovic will now meet American Bobby Reynolds in the second round . The Serb is in the same half of the draw as David Ferrer , the Spanish fourth seed who lost his first grand slam final to Nadal last month . A master of clay , Ferrer had to adapt to the Wimbledon surface as he beat Wimbledon debutant Martin Alund of Argentina in four sets . "  It is difficult to play on grass for my game , " said Ferrer . "  It is very difficult to defend . I am happy because I am in the second round but I know that I have to improve my game . " In other matches on Tuesday , seven seed Tomas Berdych eased through in straight sets against Martin Klizan in what is the Czech 's 40th straight appearance at a grand slam . Germany 's Tommy Haas , a quarterfinalist at Roland Garros , overcame Dmitry Tursunov while Juan Martin del Potro beat Albert Ramos in straight sets . Elsewhere , Australia 's Bernard Tomic defeated American 21st seed Sam Querrey before making an impassioned plea for his controversial father to be allowed entry to Wimbledon . Tomic 's father has been barred from attending by Wimbledon authorities after an incident involving his son 's doubles partner Thomas Drouet in May , with security guards having been told to deny John Tomic entry even if he buys a ticket . Bernard wants Wimbledon and the Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  to overturn the suspension imposed after John was accused of headbutting Drouet on the streets of Madrid . The ban is ongoing at all ATP events until the case reaches its conclusion , with Tomic set to face a Madrid court in October , and his 20-year-old son is now missing both his father and coach . "  All of a sudden not to have someone there who 's been there for you your whole life is very difficult . It 's not a good feeling . It 's tough , " said Bernard , whose father is staying with him in south London . "  I 'll try and have a word with  the Wimbledon authorities  . I know they are very strict here . We 'll see what they say . It would be amazing to have my dad here watching me as a coach and a father . " John Tomic has claimed self-defense for his actions .	World number one Djokovic beats Germany 's Florian Mayer in straight sets Tomas Berdych and Martin del Porto also comfortably through Bernard Tomic makes plea for controversial father John to be allowed Wimbledon entry
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 16 year-old Australian schoolgirl is hoping to achieve a sailing feat that is so tough it has brought many experienced men and women to the brink of death . Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson of Australia plans to sail solo around the world Jessica Watson , of Mooloolaba , Queensland , plans to set out on a solo round-the-world sailing mission in November -- and hopes to become the youngest person to ever sail non-stop around the world alone . But with the impending weeks of solitary confinement , freeze-dried foods , changing conditions and threat of injury , illness or death -- why would she want to do it ? Watson told CNN her inspiration had come from fellow Australian Kay Cottee , who became the first woman to sail the globe alone , without stopping ; and German-born Australian Jesse Martin , who still holds the record as the youngest person to do it . Martin achieved his feat in 1999 aged 18  at the finish  , and subsequently wrote a book titled "  Lionheart : A Journey of the Human Spirit . " "  I read Jesse 's book and that was inspiring . If you had to put it down to one thing that encouraged me to do this that would be a good one , " Watson said . Since deciding she wanted to take on what she describes as the "  Everest of the ocean " about four years ago , Watson has been doing all she can to gain the best preparation for the adventure . She has already sailed "  mock solo " across the Tasman Sea , which flows between Australia and New Zealand , at 15 and has been sailing since she was 8 years-old . "  I 've been talking to people -LSB- who have done it -RSB- about it all , and I 'll get in some good solo miles before I go , " she said . Despite the experience she has gained , Watson admits there are some aspects of the journey that remain unknown . "  There are definitely things I 'm nervous about -- like the big waves and gear failure . But , it 's amazing the detail of preparation we can get and what you can do with technology . "  Though , there 's no telling how you 'll handle yourself when you 're out there for eight months until you 're actually out there . " Watson 's journey around the globe is part of what seems to be an increasingly popular trend among young sailors . Seventeen year-old Briton , Mike Perham is currently part-way through his attempt to sail the world solo for charity . Perham is at present stuck in Tasmania , Australia , with gear problems and faces the daunting task of sailing around Cape Horn during the winter season . Still , he has come a long way when many people had raised concerns about the voyage before he departed . On his daily blog , Perham writes about the challenges of being at sea alone , "  The first few days at sea are always the worst -- the lack of sleep leaves me feeling drained all the time but I know I just need to keep pushing on , knowing that I 'll soon acclimatize and that things are going to get better and better . " Another teenager -- 16 year-old Zac Sunderland , who is from California -- is also on a mission to become the youngest sailor to achieve the feat . Sunderland has also progressed from his departure point in California , through the Panama Canal , and into the Atlantic Ocean . For Perham , Sunderland and Watson it was the high level of communications technology at the teenagers disposal as they sail that has convinced their parents to allow them to attempt their journeys . Would you allow your teenage daughter or son to sail solo around the world ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box On Sunderland 's Web site his father , Laurence , said , "  Although Zac is alone as he sails , he really has so much help . There will always be people who will disagree with our decision to let Zac go on this trip . It was his idea and it is his desire to continue . " Watson said her parents had also been supportive from the outset . For the young sailor , the next big challenge is preparing the boat for departure and securing a final sponsor to help fund the journey . She said her life is primarily geared towards the challenge this year . "  It might take a little bit longer to finish school ... this puts everything else on hold . "	Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson plans to sail solo around the world Watson is inspired by Jesse Martin who is the youngest person to have done it Briton Mike Perham , and Zac Sunderland of the U.S. are currently at sea
CNN  -- Mexican authorities have captured a suspected leader of the Gulf cartel , officials said Tuesday . A man who "  is presumed to be and says he is " Mario Cardenas Guillen was detained Monday in the northern state of Tamaulipas , a spokesman for Mexico 's navy told reporters . His brother , Osiel Cardenas Guillen , was the cartel 's founder and former leader . A U.S. federal judge sentenced him to 25 years in prison in 2010 after he pleaded guilty to five felony charges , including conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute , conspiracy to launder money and threatening to assault and kill federal agents . Mario Cardenas Guillen , also known as "  M1 " and "  The Fat One , " became one of the cartel 's top leaders that year , after another brother was killed in a Mexican military operation , officials said . Authorities had previously accused him of helping to run aspects of the cartel 's operation while he was in a Mexican prison on organized crime charges . From inside prison , authorities said he operated an auto body workshop that outfitted cars with compartments used to transport cocaine and marijuana to the United States . He was released from prison in 2007 . On Tuesday , Vice Adm. Jose Luis Vergara Ibarra , a spokesman for Mexico 's navy , said Mario Cardenas Guillen was connected with a number of pending cocaine trafficking cases . The Gulf cartel is one of Mexico 's major drug-trafficking organizations . It is based in the Mexican city of Matamoros , across the border from Brownsville , Texas . The cartel split into two factions after its former leader , Antonio Cardenas Guillen -- also known as Tony the Storm -- was killed in a military operation in 2010 , Vergara told reporters Tuesday . Authorities announced the arrest of Mario Cardenas Guillen a day after Mexican President Felipe Calderon defended his drug war strategy in his final state of the union speech . More than 47,500 people have been killed in drug-related violence across Mexico since Calderon deployed federal troops to combat cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . The Mexican government has not released official statistics since January , and others estimate a much higher death toll . On Monday , Calderon blamed fighting between rival cartels for the violence . "  Federal intervention has not been the problem . It has been part of the solution , " he said . Calderon , who will leave office when his term ends in December , urged Mexico 's next government to continue the fight against organized crime . Mexico 's Calderon defends drug war in final state of nation address Alleged senior member of Tijuana drug cartel extradited to U.S. Man gets 25 years for trying to buy military weapons for cartel	Authorities say Mario Cardenas Guillen is a leader of the Gulf cartel He was captured in a military operation Monday He is wanted in connection with a number of cocaine trafficking cases , officials say His brother , Osiel Cardenas Guillen , was the cartel 's founder and former leader
CNN  -- In the country that ranks second in the harvest of coca , the plant whose leaves are used in the production of cocaine , the idea to get Peruvian farmers to plant alternative crops is not new . Traditionally , the idea has been met with criticism -- why would growers switch to crops that bring less income , economists ask -- but may have finally found a foothold in Peru , thanks to the success of a growing industry in cacao beans , used in the production of chocolate . In the upper Peruvian Amazon forest , in the north-central region of San Martin , cacao has become a hit , eclipsing the allure of growing coca . "  Some 99 percent of the producers in Tocache were dedicated to producing coca , " said Mario Cavero , of the Tocache Agroindustrial Cooperative . Now , he said , it is cacao that has become "  a very strong engine of growth . " The transformation was the result of years of programs , backed by the U.S. Agency for International Development , which appear to have paid off . In October , the Tocache Agroindustrial Cooperative , located in the San Martin region , won a prestigious award from the Salon du Chocolat in Paris for the most aromatic cacao beans , beating competitors from Ecuador , Venezuela and Trinidad and Tobago . The distinction is bringing even more attention to the region locally and abroad , as first reported by Time Magazine this month . The shift from coca to cacao is significant in a country that has supplied so much coca to international drug trafficking organizations that turn the leaves into cocaine to be smuggled north to the United States and elsewhere . "  The province of Tocache is one that suffered many years of terrorism and narcotrafficking , " Cavero said . "  I think now our country is heading on a good route . " There is much room to grow , he added . Already between 2006 and 2009 , exports of cacao beans increased from 16 metric tons to 250 metric tons . Cavero estimated that export figure will reach 600 metric tons this year , and even more in the years ahead . Peruvian exports of cacao products were almost $ 67 million in 2009 , according to an association of cacao growers , most of it going to European chocolate makers . Part of the reason for the switch , Cavero said , are the high prices that cacao sells for . He would n't speculate whether cacao beans pay more than coca production , but he noted other benefits , such as security and access to legal markets , that helped make cacao a winner in the area . But is the success enough to turn Peru away from coca for good ? "  Undoubtedly there have been some successes , but it 's not going to resolve the coca problem , " said economist Hugo Cabieses . Cacao has become the star alternative crop in the San Martin region , but in other areas where coca grows , like the Apurimac River Valley in south-central Peru , cacao has not caught on in the same way . There are high-quality beans that can be cultivated in many parts of Peru , Cabieses said , but in most cases it is difficult to transport to markets in Peru and abroad . In the same way that some feel secure by trading coca production for cacao , growers in areas with a stronger presence of traffickers can be intimidated into continuing with coca production , he said . Unlike the north , in southern Peru , coca fields greatly outnumber cacao fields . "  Unfortunately , coca continues to be No. 1 in the valley of the Apurimac River , " Cabieses said . Meanwhile , production in Peru in the subsequent steps in drug production , such as processing the coca leaves into cocaine paste and then into cocaine hydrochloride , have increased in recent years , he said . Peru also remains the second largest producer of coca in the world , behind Colombia . The bottom line , according to Dan Cilo , who sells Peruvian-made chocolate in the Washington area , is "  that whole region of San Martin and Tarapoto used to grow a lot of coca . Now it grows a lot of cacao . " Cilo , owner of Peruvian Chocolates , buys his product from a factory that makes the chocolate in San Martin , the same place where the raw materials are . The success of the San Martin region shows that if governments spent more time nourishing alternative development instead of crop eradication , change can come , according to supporters of such programs . "  This can be replicated in other parts of the country , " Cilo said . And , supporters hope , to other major coca-producing countries .	Cacao beans can be a better crop than coca plants for farmers , some say Cacao "  a very strong engine of growth " in upper Peruvian Amazon forest Chocolate industry can provide a legal and safe source of income , backers say Peru remains second largest producer of coca in the world
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A meningitis outbreak is threatening the lives of tens of thousands of people in Darfur , according to an aid agency expelled from the country last week . A Doctors without Borders medic helps a sick child in a Darfur refugee camp . Humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders , also known as Mdecins Sans Frontires  MSF  , says it was preparing to vaccinate around 100,000 people in southern and western Darfur against meningitis , when it was told to leave the country . "  We were in the process of organizing a vaccination campaign . At the moment there 's no one there that can take over those activities , which is really worrying , " Gemma Davies of MSF told CNN . The country 's Ministry of Health officially declared a meningitis outbreak on March 2 at the Kalma Camp , which shelters more than 90,000 refugees in southern Darfur . "  Living in such close proximity , the potential for this outbreak to spread quickly is quite high , Davies , MSF project coordinator for South Darfur , told CNN . "  With no health care providers to give vaccinations , and with no one to manage the meningitis cases when they come , it 's really concerning , " she added . The vaccination campaign was due to begin on March 7 , but it is now unclear if or when it will resume , as reports of government harassment of aid workers continue . Davies told CNN she experienced no harassment , and said government officials had been in contact with only the head of MSF 's regional operations . "  We have n't actually been given any reason on why we were expelled , " she said . "  We have absolutely no idea when we 'll be able to return . " Doctors Without Borders was among 13 aid agencies , including Mercy Corps and the International Rescue Committee , that were ordered by the government to shut down their operations in Sudan last week . So far the agency has confirmed 32 meningitis cases and four deaths , and has seen dozens of other suspected cases . Thousands of unvaccinated refugees and villagers are now exposed to the airborne disease in densely populated camps and villages throughout Sudan . "  One of our priorities is to get another organization to take over our programs there , " Davies added . The medical relief agency says it doubts though that other any other organizations have the capacity to deal with a meningitis epidemic . Davies also said she is worried about the cut-off of MSF 's feeding and maternal delivery services : "  We had over 100 patients on our feeding program that now wo n't be receiving any follow up . " The decision by the Sudanese government to throw out the aid groups came a day after the International Criminal Court at The Hague issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur . However , not all international aid organizations are affected . Others including World Vision international continues its work , which reaches approximately 500,000 internally displaced people in South Sudan . The U.N. has received reports that international staff members of five non-governmental organizations had been detained for up to four hours . Speaking on the phone from Nairobi , an aid worker , who asked not to be identified for fear of further harassment , told CNN that his colleagues who remained in Khartoum were being intimidated and threatened by government agents . In some cases Sudanese government representatives "  had started gathering banking details and confiscating computers , communications equipment and vehicles from the NGOs " , a U.N spokesman said at a news conference last week . Last week , the U.N. warned that the loss of NGOs in Sudan would cause 1.1 million people to go without food aid and health care , and more than 1 million to have no access to water . Oxfam , whose work focuses on providing safe drinking water , was one of the aid groups who were told their registration to operate in Sudan was no longer valid . Ninety percent of their staff are Sudanese nationals , who mostly remain in country , unable to continue their relief work under threat of arrest . "  These agencies are vital implementation partners for the United Nations and account for at least half of the humanitarian capacity in Darfur , " said Catherine Bragg , U.N. Deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator at the news conference in New York .	Meningitis threatens hundreds of thousands of people in Darfur More than a million at risk of starvation after aid agencies expelled , U.N. warns Sources : Aid workers harassed and detained by the Sudanese government
There is a new scandal breaking involving an elected official , a young woman and Twitter . And , nope , it 's not what you think . This one involves 18-year-old Kansas high school senior Emma Sullivan , who was on a school trip last week to the Kansas state Capitol as part of the Youth in Government program . On her way back from the event , she jokingly tweeted to her then-65 followers on Twitter the following about Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback : "  Just made mean comments at gov. brownback and told him he sucked , in person #heblowsalot . " When you tweet to 65 people on Twitter , it usually just ends there , quickly evaporating into the cybersphere -- tweets are truly the epitome of ephemeral . That is unless you happen to tweet about the governor of Kansas . In a move that would have undoubtedly impressed Richard Nixon , the Kansas governor 's director of communication , Sherriene Jones-Sontag , is charged with the daily monitoring of any negative comments about Brownback on social-media websites . Jones-Sontag , finding this 73-character tweet by a high school student a threat to the good name of the governor , bolted into action . She contacted the Youth in Government organizers and expressed her outrage over the tweet . In turn , the event administrators , no doubt concerned that the governor 's director of communication had taken the time to contact them , informed Sullivan 's high school principal . Sullivan soon found herself in her principal 's office being scolded for nearly an hour . Bottom line : The principal has mandated the student write a letter of apology to the governor that is due Monday . Sullivan , who says she was making a political comment on Brownback 's conservative policies that she disagrees with , announced her refusal to apologize for criticizing the governor . See an interview with Emma Sullivan To me , there are a few issues that quickly jump out :  Who else has the governor confronted for making negative remarks about him ? Recent polls indicate that Brownback has a 52 % disapproval rating -- with a majority of Kansas residents unhappy with his work . Responding to these type of tweets could become a full-time job .  Is the governor spending taxpayer dollars to monitor his critics on social media ?  Which websites does his office monitor ? Obviously Twitter , but what about Facebook and Foursquare ? What about MySpace or Friendster ? You never know -- someone stuck in 2007 could still be using those websites and making disparaging remarks about Brownback .  Why is it that a conservative such as Brownback -- who generally opposes government regulations -- wants to regulate free speech ? Is there an exception to his philosophy of less government when it is a regulation he likes ?  Can Brownback demand an apology from me because I tweeted this : "  Rep Governor Brownback of Kansas demands that teen apologize for tweeting he sucks . #Brownbacksucks " -- and because I 'm one of the people who boosted Sullivan 's Twitter follower count to more than 7,000 since this story broke ? But the biggest question to me : Does the First Amendment apply in Kansas ? The message of Brownback 's office and of the high school principal is alarmingly clear : If you criticize the governor , you could suffer consequences . That is something you hear about in a Third World nation that does not guarantee freedom of speech , not the United States of America . We need to be especially vigilant in protecting freedom of speech when it involves commenting on the actions of our elected officials . That is one of the cornerstones of our democracy . Having to apologize to an elected official for criticizing him or her , however , undermines our nation by creating a chilling effect on free speech . Brownback did announce this afternoon : "  My staff over-reacted to this tweet , and for that I apologize . " Governor apologizes for ` overreaction ' He should be applauded for that . It sends an unequivocal message that criticism of our elected officials must not be limited in any way , and in fact , should be encouraged -- especially by the younger generation of Americans learning about our government . However , it is still troubling that state funds are used to monitor social media websites to determine if anyone is mocking the governor . It has an eerie Big Brother feel , not to mention that it 's a waste of tax payer dollars . Brownback should end that practice today , making his focus solely the issues facing all the residents of Kansas -- not whether he 's popular on Facebook and Twitter .	Kansas student tweeted her disapproval of Gov. Sam Brownback Governor 's office objected , and the student 's principal told her to apologize Dean Obeidallah : Governor 's office impinged on free speech He says governor apologized , now he needs to stop monitoring social sites
CNN  The most deadly Islamist terrorist attack ever in France followed weeks of warnings from French officials that the threat had risen to unprecedented levels . Late last year French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said his country had never faced a greater terrorist threat . Officials tell CNN the threat of terrorist attack in the European Union is greater than at any time since 9/11 because of the emergence of jihadist safe havens in Syria and Iraq . But no country faces a greater terrorist threat than France , with support for ISIS running deep among disenfranchised immigrant communities in the rundown , crime-ridden banlieues that surround many French cities . The numbers tell the story : 390 French extremists are now fighting with jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq , according to French officials , with 231 believed to be on their way . Fifty-one have been killed in suicide bombings and combat . And 234 have left the conflict zone , with 185 now back in France . Since the summer of 2013 , French police say they have thwarted five terror plots . Nerves were rattled in the run up to Christmas after a knife attack in a police station in Tours and car-ramming attacks in Dijon and Nantes on three consecutive days . The Tours attack was the only one of the three that was definitively linked to Islamist terrorism . A few days after posting an ISIS flag on his Facebook page , Bertrand Nzohabonayo , a French-Burundian extremist , entered a police station in the central French town of Tours on Dec. 20 and stabbed several officers before being shot dead . ISIS threats to France ISIS has explicitly called for lone-wolf terrorist attacks in France because of its participation in airstrikes in Iraq by the U.S.-led coalition . "  If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet , then single out the disbelieving American , Frenchman or any of their allies . Smash his head with a rock or slaughter him with a knife or run him over with your car or throw him down from a high place or choke him or poison him , " ISIS spokesman Abu Muhammad al Adnani stated in an audiotape in September . On Nov. 19 , three French ISIS fighters appeared in a French language video put out by the group 's propaganda arm , repeating the call for attacks in France . One of them stated : "  Terrorize them and do not allow them to sleep due to fear and horror . There are weapons and cars available and targets ready to be hit . Even poison is available , so poison the water and food of at least one of the enemies of Allah . Kill them and spit in their faces and run over them with your cars . Do whatever you are able to do in order to humiliate them , for they deserve only this . " A significant number of the nearly 400 French nationals now fighting in Syria and Iraq are believed to have joined ISIS . That includes Maxime Hauchard , a 22-year-old convert from Normandy who French authorities suspect participated in the grisly on-camera beheading of more than a dozen members of the Syrian armed forces in November orchestrated by the British "  Jihadi John . " French officials have for some time been worried that those on their way back to France -- or already back in the country -- could launch attacks . In February , police in Cannes broke up an alleged plot to bomb targets in France by Ibrahim Boudina , a French-Algerian extremist who had allegedly just returned from fighting with ISIS in Syria . Police say they found almost a kilogram of the high explosive TATP in his family 's Cannes apartment building . Boudina has denied the allegations against him . ISIS-linked terror on the French Riviera Mehdi Nemmouche , a French-Algerian ISIS fighter who allegedly helped guard Western hostages in Syria before returning to Europe , allegedly shot and killed four people at a Jewish museum in Brussels in May . Nemmouche was arrested in France and extradited to face trial in Belgium . He has denied the charges . In both the Cannes and Brussels plots , investigators believe it is possible the men were acting on their own steam . No evidence has been publicly released suggesting ISIS leadership signed off on the plots . It is not just ISIS causing concern to French security officials . European counterterrorism officials tell CNN a relatively high number of French extremists have joined ISIS rival Jabhat al Nusra , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria . Of most concern : David Drugeon , a French convert from Brittany who has emerged as one of the most skilled bomb makers in the Khorasan group , an al Qaeda A-team based in Syria 's Idlib province with ties to Jabhat al Nusra . U.S. officials tell CNN they believe Drugeon has been working on nonmetallic explosive devices that the group hoped to smuggle on board Western passenger aircraft and has been talent-spotting European extremists in Syria who can be trained for attacks in Europe . Drugeon was injured in a U.S. drone strike that hit a vehicle he was traveling in November . Khorasan bomb maker thought dead survived New laws , old grievances In November , France adopted tough new anti-terror legislation making it easier to shut down jihadist websites and confiscate passports and identity cards of those suspected of wanting to travel overseas to fight jihad . But critics say the French government has done too little to tackle one of the key contributing factors to radicalization : The deep sense of alienation toward mainstream society felt by a significant number of young Muslim immigrants in the banlieues . In the years after 9/11 , France was held up as a model by many for its "  assimilationist " agenda and its zero tolerance of extremist radical preachers . Britain , by contrast , was criticized for a "  multicultural " approach that for too long offered political refuge to extremists from around the world . But by the late 2000s , Islamist extremism had also become a significant problem in France . Although French leaders paid lip service to assimilation , the concept was only theoretical for young unemployed Muslims living in impoverished banlieues whose socioeconomic grievances were more acute than their counterparts in the United Kingdom . While France could crack down on radical preachers in the 1990s , it was powerless to prevent the growth of jihadist websites and social media in the second half of the 2000s . Jihad in Syria has become a "  cause celebre " for French extremists able to access this content online . While many British extremists traveled to al Qaeda 's safe havens in Afghanistan and Pakistan in the years before and after 9/11 because of their language and kinship ties to the region , much of France 's banlieue population hails from North Africa , making travel to jihadist battlegrounds in the Arab world easier and more attractive .	Most deadly Islamist terrorist attack ever in France followed weeks of warnings from French officials The threat of a terrorist attack in the EU is greater than at any time since 9/11 , officials say Support for ISIS runs deep among disenfranchised immigrant communities
CNN  -- A newly discovered Facebook bug may have inadvertently compromised the contact information of 6 million users , the company says . The bug , which has since been repaired , was part of the Download Your Information tool , which lets Facebook users export all the data from profiles , such as posts to their timeline and conversations with friends . People using the tool may have downloaded inadvertently the contact information for people they were somehow connected to . Some people upload their contact lists or address books to Facebook , which the company then uses to suggest new friends they can connect with who are already using the service . Though the number of people impacted is sizable , the actual spread of their contact information appears to be limited . The phone numbers and e-mail addresses were not exposed to developers or posted publicly . It is only shown to people they had at least a tentative connection with , and who may have already had their contact information . Even in that pool , it was only exposed to people who had used the data-exporting tool . "  For almost all of the email addresses or telephone numbers impacted , each individual email address or telephone number was only included in a download once or twice . This means , in almost all cases , an email address or telephone number was only exposed to one person , " Facebook 's security team said in a post . The company says it has no evidence that the bug was "  exploited maliciously " and that there have been no complaints so far . The social media company announced the bug on Friday afternoon . The issue was discovered by a third-party security researcher who submitted it through Facebook 's White Hat program . Facebook 's White Hat program is set up so that people such as security researchers can report any vulnerabilities they find on the social network and get a reward for $ 500 and up in return . These types of programs are common at Internet companies . "  Your trust is the most important asset we have , and we are committed to improving our safety procedures and keeping your information safe and secure , " read the post . People who were affected by the bug will receive an e-mail from Facebook .	Facebook found and fixed a bug that compromised the contact information of 6M users The exposure of e-mail addresses and phone number appears to be very limited A third-party security researcher found and reported the bug
Lebanon prides itself on its image as a melting pot on the Mediterranean : an ancient bastion of civilization boasting a diverse tapestry of cultures and creeds . But scratch the surface , and it becomes apparent that not everyone fits into the country 's cosmopolitan self-image . Many migrants and mixed-race Lebanese , particularly those of Asian and African origin , say they encounter racism on a regular basis . Nepalese woman Priya Subeydi told CNN she plans to leave the country soon , as she does not want her nine-month-old son growing up feeling like a second-class citizen . "  Every day we face racism , " she said . "  I just want to let him to grow in my own country . " Subeydi came to Lebanon as one of the more than 200,000 migrant domestic workers in the country , lured from mostly African and Asian countries by the promise of higher wages and steady employment in upper-middle class homes where household chores are viewed as beneath the family . Today , Subeydi works in a migrant center in Beirut , providing assistance and support for domestic workers , some of whom , vulnerable in their new homes , face a grim reality of confinement , abuse , withheld payments and discriminatory treatment . Lebanon 's treatment of migrant domestic workers has been thrust into the international spotlight in recent years . In 2009 the country witnessed a spate of suicides among foreign maids , and last year a 33-year-old Ethiopian woman killed herself shortly after being filmed being beaten by a Lebanese man on a Beirut street . The U.N. special rapporteur on slavery urged the Lebanese government to carry out a full investigation into the death . Ethiopia had banned citizens from traveling to Lebanon as domestic workers because of concerns over their lack of legal protection , although the ban was widely circumvented . Read more : Can Iraq 's geeks save the country ? But it 's not only domestic workers who face racist treatment . Renee Abisaad is the daughter of a Lebanese mother and Nigerian father , who moved to the country when she was 11 . The engineering student -- a subject of a photo exhibition of mixed-race Lebanese intended to challenge social attitudes about race -- said that dealing with ethnic slurs had become the norm , and she planned to leave the country once she finished her studies . She said she felt she was not accepted and looked down on because of her ethnicity . "  I never felt Lebanese to be honest , " she told CNN . "  They assume that you are a prostitute , you are a maid , you are someone low class . " The unequal treatment meted out to people of other ethnic backgrounds has prompted a group of activists in Lebanon , in collaboration with migrant community leaders , to form the Anti Racism Movement  ARM  , committed to documenting , exposing and challenging racist behaviour and attitudes in the country . In a recent campaign , the group conducted undercover stings at the country 's beach resorts , where it found an Ethiopian women was turned away from going swimming and falsely told a "  members only " policy was in place . Read more : Palestinian women change motor racing up a gear The club 's actions contravened a decree issued by the Ministry of Tourism last summer barring resorts from discriminating on the basis of race , nationality or disability . Lebanon 's Minister of Tourism , Fadi Abboud , said the stance on racism made sense for both moral and practical reasons . "  If people think that we are a racial country , I think we can kiss tourism goodbye , so for me this is very serious , and it can only happen once , " he said . "  We let them know if it happens  another  time , we close them for one week -- if it happens again , we close them for good . " ARM 's general coordinator , Farah Salka , said such measures against blatant discrimination were welcome and necessary . But truly tackling racism would require a more profound shift -- for individuals to re-examine and dismiss deeply ingrained personal prejudices . "  It 's a problem that is grounded in each in the way that we have been brought up , the way that we are not taught anything about accepting differences , " she said . "  You can go to school for 15 years , go to college , become a doctor , but you 're never ever taught the basics of how to be with other human beings in this country . "	Lebanese activists have started a movement to change racist attitudes in the country Migrant workers and Lebanese of different backgrounds are treated poorly , they say The group has carried out stings at beach resorts exposing racist attitudes by owners They say the deeply entrenched problem can only be overcome by changing individual mindsets
CNN  -- As the country was sinking into its worst financial crisis in more than 70 years , Security and Exchange Commission employees and contractors cruised porn sites and viewed sexually explicit pictures using government computers , according to an agency report obtained by CNN . "  During the past five years , the SEC OIG  Office of Inspector General  substantiated that 33 SEC employees and or contractors violated Commission rules and policies , as well as the government-wide Standards of Ethical Conduct , by viewing pornographic , sexually explicit or sexually suggestive images using government computer resources and official time , " said a summary of the investigation by the inspector general 's office . More than half of the workers made between $ 99,000 and $ 223,000 . All the cases took place over the past five years . "  It is nothing short of disturbing that high-ranking officials within the SEC were spending more time looking at pornography than taking action to help stave off the events that brought our nation 's economy to the brink of collapse , " said Rep. Darrell Issa . The Republican is the ranking member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . "  This stunning report should make everyone question the wisdom of moving forward with plans to give regulators like the SEC even more widespread authority , " he said . "  Inexplicably , rather than exercise its existing regulatory enforcement authority , SEC officials were preoccupied with other distractions . " SEC spokesman John Nester said the employees involved have been disciplined or are being disciplined . Some have been suspended or dismissed , he said , adding that the SEC has further increased penalties for misusing government resources in recent months . "  We will not tolerate the transgressions of the very few who bring discredit to their thousands of hardworking colleagues , " he said . The investigation came to light on the same day President Obama gave a speech in lower Manhattan , calling for reform in the finance industry . On Capitol Hill , the Senate is working on a financial reform bill that would set up regulatory oversight of the financial industry 's practices with the goal of preventing another Wall Street meltdown like the one in 2008 that launched the U.S. recession . The bill includes an "  early warning " system intended to spot signs of crisis , as well as a $ 50 billion liquidation fund created with money from banks and other finance industry corporations to ensure an orderly transition in closing down failing entities . It was recently approved by the Senate 's Banking and Agricultural committees . The House passed its version of the bill in December . The inspector general 's report includes specific examples of misuse by employees . A regional office staff accountant tried to access pornographic websites nearly 1,800 times , using her SEC laptop during a two-week period . She also had about 600 pornographic images saved on her laptop hard drive . Separately , a senior attorney at SEC headquarters admitted to downloading pornography up to eight hours a day , according to the investigation . "  In fact , this attorney downloaded so much pornography to his government computer that he exhausted the available space on the computer hard drive and downloaded pornography to CDs or DVDs that he accumulated in boxes in his office , " the inspector general 's report said .	SEC investigation : Dozens of employees , contractors surfed porn sites on work computers Staffers violated government-wide ethics rules , report finds Report : Incidents occurred while country was teetering on verge of financial collapse
London  CNN  -- Around the world , hot air balloons are used to give tourists a spectacular view of the landscape , as well as for sport and private recreation . But , with 19 people dead after a hot air balloon crash in Luxor , Egypt , just how safe are they ? What are the basics of ballooning ? Essentially a balloon is a nylon bag -- known as an envelope -- filled with hot air , which is created by burning liquid propane in a steel burner . More heat makes the balloon rise , less makes it descend . Balloons fly in the direction of the wind . Dunnington described hot air ballooning as "  man 's first form of flight . " The French invented it in 1793 and since then it has been developed for sport and tourist rides . Balloons have also been used by the military . How safe is hot air ballooning ? Until Tuesday 's incident , the deadliest accident in recent memory happened in 1989 , when 13 people were killed as two hot air balloons collided in Australia . CNN iReport : After tragedy , vacationers recall glorious balloon rides in Egypt Weber said while every activity had its risks , ballooning was "  one of the safest means of flying in existence . " "  You are floating in the air like a feather . You put some heat into the envelope to get you up and then you float with the atmosphere , there is no speed involved . " If the fuel ran out , a balloon could still be landed safely , he said . "  It 's not like an airline crash . It 's like a huge parachute . If you do it -LSB- descend -RSB- wisely and if you do it in a controlled way you can come down with cold air in the envelope but it 's still inflated -- it 's still a big balloon . " Weber added that a fire on board was the most dangerous situation for a pilot because the only way to escape it was by jumping overboard . "  If passengers are jumping the balloon is getting lighter -- it 's climbing again . It 's getting in a more dangerous situation because the higher you go the more dangerous it is to jump out . " Dunnington also said fire resulting from contact with power lines was probably the biggest risk for hot air balloonists . "  If you 've hit a power line there is n't a fire extinguisher made that can put that out . " He pointed to a 2012 accident in New Zealand , in which 11 people died . "  New Zealand was a wire contact and it had fatal results and that 's certainly the balloonist 's biggest worry , " he said . So what was the cause of the crash in Egypt ? State-run EgyNews reported that a gas explosion caused the crash but Egypt 's government said a committee from the Ministry of Civil Aviation would investigate . The government said the balloon was "  flying at 300m -LSB- about 900feet -RSB- when it caught fire and exploded . " How safe is hot air ballooning in Egypt ? The last hot air balloon accident in Luxor happened in 2009 , when 16 foreign tourists were injured after a balloon struck a cell phone transmission tower . Dunnington described Egypt as having "  a rather chequered history " when it came to ballooning . The country had probably had more accidents than some others , he said , but on the other hand probably made more flights . "  They 've probably had half a dozen serious accidents in the last five years . If that had happened in the UK there would be a big hoo-ha about it . " But Weber said Egyptian operators carried a lot of passengers and flew on a daily basis and the Luxor crash was "  quite exceptional . " How is hot air ballooning regulated ? There is no body dealing with air ballooning regulations globally . Around the world , 191 countries are members of the International Civil Aviation Organization  ICAO  , the United Nations body that issues advice on aviation standards and regulations . But Dunnington said there was no legal obligation to comply with the ICAO 's Standards and Recommended Practices  SARPS  . The ICAO 's recommendations were "  sufficiently broad to always need local interpretation , " he said , adding that this was where "  things get difficult . " "  The regulations are pretty similar in every country . The question in each different country is to what extent are those regulations enforced , " Dunnington said . "  The Egyptian civil aviation authority is in ultimate charge of what goes on in anything to do with civil aviation in Egypt . " Dunnington said in Britain , for example , pilots had to sit regular medical tests and assessments and balloons were checked after every 100 hours of flight . He said Egypt had a similar system but that it was "  somewhat less independently supervised . " How have Egyptian authorities reacted to the crash ? Egypt 's Civil Aviation Agency has stopped all ballooning in the country since Tuesday 's accident . But Dunnington said a blanket ban did n't solve the problem . "  That kind of knee jerk reaction is symptomatic of the way such problems are approached , " he said . In Britain , he added , the authorities would look at a particular set of circumstances rather than shutting down everything . Luxor balloon disaster ` blow ' for Egyptian tourism	Hot air ballooning began in France , in 1793 Nineteen people were killed in a hot air balloon crash in Luxor , Egypt , Tuesday There is no global body to regulate commercial hot air balloon operations Countries regulate hot air ballooning through their own civil aviation authorities
New York  CNN  -- The National Park Service announced that there is no projected reopening date for New York 's iconic Ellis Island due to extensive damage it sustained during Superstorm Sandy last October . This uncertainty comes days after Interior Secretary Ken Salazar 's announcement that the Statue of Liberty is set to reopen to the public by the Fourth of July . Although there is little damage to the museum collection in the Immigration Building , there is significant damage to the infrastructure as a result of the storm , according to the National Park Service . During the storm , water filled the basement of the Immigration Building , and there was also significant damage to mechanical systems and the building 's fire suppression system . The National Park Service stated that it is "  working hard to prioritize all the projects needed to reopen and will announce this information as soon as possible . " According to the National Park Service , Salazar stated that repairs to both Ellis Island and Liberty Island could cost as much as $ 59 million . Located in Upper New York Bay , Ellis Island served as a gateway for millions of immigrants to the United States from 1892 until 1954 . The Ellis Island Immigration Museum opened in 1990 and attracts 3 million visitors each year . Statue of Liberty to reopen by July Fourth CNN 's Madeline Fish and Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	Ellis Island sustained extensive damage during Superstorm Sandy in October Damage to the mechanical and fire suppression systems must be repaired The Statue of Liberty will reopen by July 4 , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Repairing both may cost up to $ 59 million , Salazar has said
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic ensured he will remain world No. 1 next week after overcoming a titanic challenge from Stanislas Wawrinka to reach the U.S. Open final for the fourth year in a row . The 10th-ranked Swiss ended Andy Murray 's title defense in the quarterfinals , and seemed set to inflict another major upset after winning the opening set in convincing style . But last year 's runner-up Djokovic twice came from a set down to take Saturday 's opening semifinal to a decider before triumphing 2-6 7-6  7-4  3-6 6-3 6-4 . The Serbian will face Rafael Nadal in Monday 's final -- a rematch of their 2010 and 2011 title clashes -- after the world No. 2 beat his childhood friend Richard Gasquet 6-4 7-6  7-1  6-2 in the second semi . However , the Spaniard should have less fatigue to overcome before then -- he needed just two hours 21 minutes to beat the French eighth seed , while Djokovic was on court for just over four hours in a grueling contest . He edged Wawrinka in a five-hour epic in the quarterfinals of the Australian Open in January before claiming his sixth grand slam title , but lost to Murray in the Wimbledon final in July after being drained by a five-set semi against Juan Martin del Potro . Djokovic acknowledged that he had struggled to impose himself in the match against Wawrinka . "  It was obvious Stan played more aggressive . He played better tennis , " he said . "  I was trying to hang in there , to adjust . "  It was tough on both of us . I had to run a lot . I had to find my rhythm . I was just so fortunate to play my best tennis when I needed to . " Wawrinka said he was struggling physically with an injury picked up earlier in the New York tournament , where he reached the last four of a grand slam for the first time . "  Today I had the feeling when I was still fit , when I was still healthy , I had the match in control . I think I was playing better than him . I was doing much more things than him , " the 28-year-old told reporters . "  But he 's not No. 1 for nothing . He was staying with me all the match , and at the end he pushed me , pushed me far , far , far back . I had to find everything I had in my body today to stay with him , and he won the match . "	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic battles to a place in Monday 's U.S. Open final The 2011 winner beats Stanislas Wawrinka in a grueling five-set encounter He will next play Rafael Nadal , who beat him in the 2010 final in New York World No. 2 Nadal defeats Richard Gasquet in straight sets in second semi
United Nations  CNN  -- Thirty years after hundreds died in a fight over the disputed Falkland Islands , the Argentine president on Thursday urged Britain to once again try to resolve the conflict -- this time , at the negotiating table . "  We have to leave behind us this outdated story , this outdated history , and build a new history based on dialogue , " President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said at the U.N. headquarters in New York during a meeting of the world body 's decolonization committee . "  We 're not asking that we 're told we are right , we 're just asking to talk , " she said . "  We are not asking for anyone to say , yes , the Malvinas are Argentinas : We are asking for no more , no less , than to sit down at a table and talk . " Argentina invaded the Falklands -- known as the Malvinas in Argentina -- in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinian and 255 British troops died . Following the war , Britain retained control of the islands , which are off Argentina 's coast in the South Atlantic Ocean . About 2,500 people from "  over 150 nationalities " now live and work on the islands , in addition to 1,700 stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex there , according to the islands ' government website . Argentina has persistently criticized the British presence and has renewed its claims to the islands . But some British leaders have fought back , with Prime Minister David Cameron earlier this year describing Argentina 's stance as "  far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British . " Roger Edwards , a member of the Falkland Islands legislature , told the U.N. committee on Thursday that Argentina was not only trying to prevent people from exercising "  our democratic rights , " but they were ignoring what transpired three decades earlier . "  I accept that Argentina has changed , and I am pleased that it has , " Edwards said . "  However , I do not understand how the government of Argentina can absolve itself and its people from its recent past , while simultaneously seeking to punish and harm a small and peaceful Falkland Islands ' people for something it incorrectly claims to have happened almost two centuries ago . " The legislator was referring to Argentina 's claim that Britain forcibly wrested the islands from its control in 1833 . An account by British Foreign Secretary William Hague on the Falklands ' government website claims that Britain first possessed the islands in 1765 -- decades before Argentina achieved independence from Spanish imperial rule . Edwards insisted Thursday that ` the islands were never Argentine  and  no Argentines were ever forcibly expelled from the islands in 1833 . " Yet Kirchner , in her passionate testimony Thursday , insisted that Britain does not have a rightful , historical claim to the islands . And geographically , she said , it makes no sense . "  How can it be claimed with 14,000 kilometers away , that this territory is part of British territory ? " she said . Kirchner also pointed to a host of U.N. resolutions addressing decolonization . She suggested that it was no coincidence that these measures had had no effect on London 's sovereignty over the Falklands . "  In reality , what 's happening here is the United Kingdom is benefiting from its privileged position as a permanent member of the  U.N.  security council , " she said .	Argentina 's president tells a U.N. panel : "  We 're just asking to talk " about Falkland Islands She claims Britain 's standing on the U.N. Security Council has hindered action An island legislator claims the Falklands "  were never Argentine " Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , but they stayed under British control
CNN  Monty Python in a movie ? What a silly idea . But the timing was right for the gang of British comedians  along with their token American , Terry Gilliam  , who were looking to hit the big screen after four seasons of "  Monty Python 's Flying Circus , " their groundbreaking British TV series . "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail , " which premiered 40 years ago Thursday , was the result . The movie , a spoof of the Arthurian legend , did not start auspiciously . The budget was small -- about $ 400,000 , half of it supplied by rock stars , including Genesis and Pink Floyd . On the first day of filming in Scotland -- the first shot , in fact -- the camera broke . The weather was bad . The hotel was dismal . Python member Graham Chapman was suffering from alcohol withdrawal . It got better . On the day of its first American screening in New York , a thousand people were in line by 8 a.m. Thanks to the popularity of "  Python " on American TV , the movie was a box-office hit , making $ 5 million -- more than 10 times its budget . More importantly , it soon became a comedy classic . The dialogue alone has been widely quoted , with such lines as "  It 's just a flesh wound " and "  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries " referenced on shows such as "  The Simpsons , " "  Game of Thrones " and "  The Blacklist . " Python member Eric Idle turned the film into the Tony-winning Broadway play "  Spamalot . " The troupe ended up making three movies -- well , four , if you count "  And Now for Something Completely Different , " five if you include "  Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl , " five-and-a-half if you allow "  The Rutles , " six if you ... well , three . We 'll say three . Is there a best one ? Where should you start ? Let 's break them down : From its dramatic opening credits featuring fake-Swedish subtitles to the adventures of Sir Launcelot  "  the boldest and most expensive of the knights "  , weighted-bird computations and sudden animator heart attacks , "  Holy Grail " is probably the loosest and most Python-esque of the Python oeuvre . As a movie with a plot and character and all that movie nonsense , it falls short -- but as a repository for some of Python 's best gags , it remains perhaps the best  and certainly most quotable  of the bunch . Besides , it features the word "  shrubbery . " " ` Grail ' is a bit like ' A Hard Day 's Night , ' " Idle observed in the Pythons ' autobiography . "  It 's got a joie de vivre that 's very infectious , it 's very hard not to like . " Pros : The dialogue . The Black Knight . The Knights Who Say "  Ni . " Cons : It 's sometimes sloppy . And it does n't really have an ending . Verdict : Better than a cheese shop full of ex-parrots . Probably Python 's most consistent movie , "  Life of Brian " is the story of a guy born down the road from Jesus who finds himself hailed as a messiah and ends up crucified . It was a satire on organized religion , first-century politics and zealotry -- one of the best bits is the ongoing argument between "  the People 's Front of Judea " and "  the Judean People 's Front " -- but try telling that to the protesters . The film was picketed in cities across the United States , deplored by some religious leaders and banned in Ireland and Norway .  Sweden promoted it with the line , "  The film so funny that it was banned in Norway . " It did have one huge supporter : ex-Beatle George Harrison , who mortgaged his estate to help fund the movie when a financier pulled out . "  He paid for it because he wanted to see it , " Idle recalled . "  The most anybody 's ever paid for a cinema ticket in history . " Pros : Graham Chapman 's performance as Brian . "  What have the Romans ever done for us ? " "  Always Look on the Bright Side of Life . " Cons : The adventurous but ultimately pointless animated-alien scene . Michael Palin 's lisping Pilate  though , to be fair , it 's so childishly broad you ca n't help but laugh  . Verdict : Funnier than the Spanish Inquisition . "  Meaning of Life , " constructed as a series of sketches , is the most uneven of the three narrative Python films . After the stunning opening sequence , Gilliam 's "  The Crimson Permanent Assurance " -- about the revenge of some pirate-like accountants -- the film struggles to find its footing . Even the Pythons thought so . "  The rhythms were n't right , " said Gilliam . "  It needed a whole other rewrite , " said Idle . Nevertheless , it has its moments : the "  Every Sperm Is Sacred " sequence , about religion , sex and contraception ; the organ donor who 's surprised by a demand for his liver ; and -- of course -- the infamous Mr. Creosote , the absurdly fat man who gorges on a monstrous meal at a posh restaurant , regurgitates it at length , and is then encouraged to have a "  wafer-thin " after-dinner mint -- with disastrous results . It also has the sweetest of all Python songs : Idle 's "  The Galaxy Song , " which is even more uplifting than "  Brian 's " "  Always Look on the Bright Side of Life . " Not a bad conclusion , given what happened to Mr. Creosote . Pros : "  Permanent Assurance . " Mr. Creosote . "  The Galaxy Song . " Cons : The fish . The schoolmaster 's sex lesson . The fish . Verdict : More enjoyable than watching the Upper-Class Twit of the Year competition .	"  Monty Python and the Holy Grail " celebrates 40 years Thursday The 1975 film is considered a comedy classic Troupe made three movies together , not including concert works and compilations
CNN  -- Egypt expelled the Turkish ambassador and scaled back diplomatic relations at the weekend over Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's vocal and persistent criticism of the interim government that replaced the former short-lived presidency of Mohamed Morsy , who hailed from the Muslim Brotherhood . The decision marks the demise of attempts by Erdogan to play a leading role in the Middle East . His ideological affinity to the Brotherhood was a staging post to influence other Islamist parties across the Arab world in order to restore the regional prestige of Turkey . That plan has come crashing down . Besides Egypt , Turkey is now at odds with the majority of the Gulf Arab states , Algeria , Israel , Jordan , Morocco and neighboring Iran , Iraq and Syria . It is mistrusted by Russia and is largely bypassed by the United States . Europe is disappointed by the deepening isolation of this strategically-located republic straddling East and West . To break out of this self-imposed exile , Turkey has recently sought to mend relations with newly elected Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al Maliki . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has visited Baghdad and met key Shia and Sunni leaders while also cultivating ties with Iran . Turkey is seeking the assistance of both countries to contain the fallout from the Syrian quagmire , including the reduction of the ceaseless flow of refugees along the porous 910km Turkey-Syria border . Nonetheless , the abrupt change of direction will probably not repair the tensions on a durable basis . Countries in the region suspect that Turkey is merely reacting to developments and is not committed to a balanced foreign policy . After all , Turkey 's rapid shifts in the past -- from befriending to outright hostility towards Nuri al Maliki and Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad , for example -- will most likely reinforce those perceptions . Moreover , the volatility of Turkey 's external posture seems to significantly undermine the once-unassailable appeal of Erdogan to Arabs . Just two years ago , at the peak of "  Arab Spring " fever , a Zogby poll showed that his popularity ratings standing at 80 per cent in Morocco and above 90 per cent in Lebanon and Saudi Arabia . Similarly , a 2011 survey by Pew Research revealed that his favourability ratings as 78 per cent , 72 per cent and 64 per cent in Egypt , Jordan and Lebanon respectively . Any contemporary polling will , however , arguably reveal plummeting support for Turkey and Erdogan . Turkey is no longer viewed as a template for democratic pluralism , civil liberties and economic rejuvenation after the disproportionate security response to the mainly peaceful Gezi Park protests in central Istanbul during May-June of this year . Reporters Without Borders ranks Turkey 154th in the world in terms of media freedoms compared to 98th several years ago . In addition , the golden age marked by a debt-fuelled consumer-driven economic boom , one of Turkey 's crowning achievements , is at an end : as slow "  recessionary " growth becomes the new normal for Turkey , as estimated by the IMF , it needs to urgently implement major structural reforms , which does not look likely in the foreseeable future . Despite the growing challenges to Turkey 's regional position , its NATO membership and strategic geographic location ensure that it can not be ignored in the Middle East . But that reality is a far cry from the euphoria and expectations that surrounded the rise of Turkey 's regional and global profile over the last decade . Read more : Egypt declares Turkish envoy unwelcome The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fadi Hakura	Egypt scales back diplomatic relations with Turkey over criticism of interim government Turkey expert Fadi Hakura says Turkish PM 's attempt to play leading role in Mideast has failed Hakura : Turkey at odds with most Gulf Arab states , Algeria , Israel , Jordan , Morocco , Iran , Iraq , Syria Despite change in circumstances , Turkey can not be ignored , says Hakura
CNN  -- South Africa got its Africa Cup of Nations campaign back on track with its first victory in the competition since 2004 . The host nation defeated Angola 2-0 in Durban to leave it within touching distance of the quarterfinals following the disappointment of the opening day draw with minnow Cape Verde . On this occasion , Bafana Bafana was far more impressive and goals from defender Siyabonga Sangweni and substitute striker Lehlohonolo Majoro secured the points . Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams South Africa face Morocco on Sunday with only a draw needed to take it through to the next stage . "  I gambled today because it was a must-win situation , " coach Gordon Igesund told reporters following the win against Angola . "  We had four defenders , one holding midfielder and the other five players were committed to attacking . "  The players believed in themselves -- the nerves that affected us so much against Cape Verde were gone . It was not easy out there on the pitch with the weather so hot . " Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Morocco will need to defeat South Africa to guarantee its place in the last-eight after it came from behind to secure a 1-1 draw against Cape Verde . Substitute Youssef El Arabi scored a 78th minute equalizer to deny the Blue Sharks its bid to become the smallest ever nation to win a game at the tournament . Appearing in its first Africa Cup of Nations since gaining independence from Portugal in 1975 , many expected Cape Verde to struggle on the international stage . But having defeated Cameroon in qualifying and held South Africa to a 0-0 draw in its opening game , Cape Verde 's players showed little fear . Fuad Ibrahim eyes Africa Cup of Nations chance And with 35 minutes on the clock , Ryan Mendes ' pass released Platini and the striker produced a wonderfully deft finish to place the ball into the net . That goal looked to have secured a famous victory for Cape Verde but Morocco refused to lie down and with just 12 minutes left , El Arabi popped up to fire home a leveler . "  We made another draw , but we are still alive . I am very happy with this result -- a great one for our country . My players worked very well and proved they have qualities , " Cape Verde coach Luis Antunes told reporters . The result leaves both teams in with a chance of qualifying having taken two points from the opening two games . Meanwhile , there was bad news for Tunisia after its star striker Issam Jemaa was ruled out of the rest of the tournament with a knee problem .	South Africa wins its first Africa Cup of Nations game in nine years Host nation defeats Angola 2-0 in Durban to take top spot Cape Verde denied historic victory by Morocco Youssef El Arabi 's 78th minute strike claims point for Atlas Lions
CNN  -- A man , incensed that a 6-year-old girl chose to walk through a path reserved for upper caste villagers , pushed her into burning embers , police in north India said Wednesday . She was seriously burned . Dalits , or "  untouchables , " are victims of discrimination in India despite laws aimed at eliminating prejudice . The girl is a Dalit , or an "  untouchable , " according to India 's traditional caste system . India 's constitution outlaws caste-based discrimination , and barriers have broken down in large cities . Prejudice , however , persists in some rural areas of the country . The girl was walking with her mother down a path in the city of Mathura when she was accosted by a man in his late teens , said police superintendent R.K. Chaturvedi . "  He scolded them both and pushed her , " Chaturvedi said . The girl fell about 3 to 4 feet into pile of burning embers by the side of the road . The girl remained in critical condition Wednesday . The man confessed to the crime and was charged with attempted murder , Chaturvedi said . The assault took place in India 's Uttar Pradesh state , about 150 km  93 miles  south of Delhi . The state is governed by Mayawati , a woman who goes by one name and is India 's most powerful Dalit politician . Her Bahujan Samaj Party seeks to get more political representation for Dalits , who are considered so low in the social order that they do n't even rank among the four classes that make up the caste system . Hindus believe there are five main groups of people , four of which sprang from the body of the first man . The Brahmin class comes from the mouth . They are the priests and holy men , the most elevated of the castes . Next is the Ksatriyas , the kings , warriors and soldiers created from the arms . The Vaisyas come from the thighs . They are the merchants and traders of society . And the Sudras , or laborers , come from the feet . The last group is the Dalits , or the "  untouchables . " They 're considered too impure to have come from the primordial being . Untouchables are often forced to work in menial jobs . They drink from separate wells . They use different entry ways , coming and going from buildings . They number about 250 million in India , about 25 percent of the population , according to the Colorado , U.S.-based Dalit Freedom Network . "  Dalits are seen to pollute higher caste people if they come in touch with them , hence the ` untouchables , ' " the group says on its Web site . "  If a higher caste Hindu is touched by , or even had a Dalit 's shadow fall across them , they consider themselves to be polluted and have to go through a rigorous series of rituals to be cleansed . " Recent weeks has seen a rise in violence against Dalits in Uttar Pradesh , CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , reported Wednesday . E-mail to a friend	Girl pushed into pile of burning embers by man in his late teens Man charged with attempted murder Assault took place in India 's Uttar Pradesh state
CNN  -- The tiny corpses , faces pale and grimy , lay side by side , wrapped in a red blanket . They are the latest child casualties in the bloody Syrian civil war . They are also grisly evidence of the carnage in the besieged Syrian city of Daraya over the weekend . Published Monday by the opposition outlet Shaam News Network , the image underscores the horrors in Daraya . At least 245 people were found dead in the Damascus suburb over the weekend , opposition activists say . Mass killings have been reported regularly across Syria during the nearly 18-month-long crisis . Like the others , this incident sparked international outrage . The killings in Daraya need to be investigated "  immediately and impartially , " said U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky , passing along remarks from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . "  Whoever is responsible needs to be held accountable , " Nesirky said . "  Daraya is being targeted because it is the closest to the capital , and it is one of the first cities that revolted against the Assad regime and was the spearhead of the peaceful demonstrations in the beginning of the revolution , " said Rafif Jouejati , a spokeswoman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Opponents of the Syrian regime posted video of mass burials Sunday , a day after the remains were found in Daraya . In one of the videos , one woman shouted " ` God is greater ' as soldiers raided her house , " an opposition member who goes by the name Abu Kanan said from the city . "  The soldiers arrested her with five men from her family and executed them . " The remains of the dead were gathered in a mosque to be identified , and rebel fighters posted video of dozens of bloodied corpses online . The "  army started picking up young men from the streets , from their homes , and conducted summary executions " before government troops pulled back to the city 's outskirts Sunday night , he said . State-run and pro-government TV networks aired glowing descriptions of Daraya 's recapture by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad after a weeklong siege . It blamed the deaths on "  terrorists " driven out by the army . Opposition activists said the dead were victims of a rampage by government troops after the rebel Free Syrian Army withdrew from the city late Friday . The LCC said the 39 corpses of people kidnapped and slaughtered were handed over to to families Monday . Syrian television aired a different account , showing residents who thanked government troops for coming to their rescue amid bodies still sprawled in the streets . "  Thanks to the military who is protecting us , " one man told the pro-government network Al-Dounia . "  Thank you for coming . " "  Every time we get into a region where the terrorists were present , we discover what these terrorists know best -- killings , massacres and all in the name of freedom , " the report said . The development has prompted international revulsion . The French Foreign Ministry said Monday it is "  deeply shocked by the discovery of mass graves " in "  what appears to be a massacre of civilians . " Daraya was the scene of some of the first peaceful protests that were attacked by security forces in al-Assad 's clampdown on opposition that began in March 2011 and became a civil war . CNN can not independently verify reports of death tolls , as the Syrian regime has severely limited access by international journalists . In other developments : Chemical weapons use would justify intervention , France says France warned the Syrian regime that using chemical weapons could be grounds for intervention . "  We remain vigilant with our allies to prevent the use of chemical weapons by the regime which for the international community would be a legitimate reason for direct intervention , " President Francois Hollande said Monday in a speech to French ambassadors . Britain and the United States have said they would "  revisit " their approach to Syria if the Syrian government uses chemical weapons , the British prime minister 's office said last week . Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama spoke by phone late Wednesday and agreed that the use of chemical weapons would be "  completely unacceptable , " the office said . Obama said this week that the Syrian government would risk crossing a "  red line " and invite U.S. military intervention if it uses chemical weapons . Hollande also urged the Syrian opposition to form a provisional government that would be "  a legitimate representative of the new Syria . We ask our Arab partners to accelerate this step , and France will recognize the provisional Syria government once it has been formed . " Government helicopter crashes near Damascus as deaths mount An attack helicopter burst into flames and crashed in the Damascus suburb of Jobar on Monday , apparently after rebels fired on it , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of videos posted on the reported crash . Meanwhile , at least 231 people were killed Monday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . At least 148 of the deaths were in Damascus and its suburbs , including 42 in Zamalka . Other deaths were reported in the provinces of Homs , Deir Ezzor , Hama , Daraa and Idlib . The LCC reported a siege on the town of Madeeq Citadel in Hama and shelling across the country . "  Regime forces are intensely shelling the old quarters of Homs , a district under siege for 81 consecutive days , " the LCC said . The United Nations has estimated the death toll at more than 18,000 , while opposition forces say more than 21,000 have died . Refugee crisis worsens in Jordan and Turkey UNICEF is appealing for more money to help the throng of Syrian refugees escaping to Jordan . About 17,000 people -- half of them children -- are sheltered at Za'atari refugee camp in northern Jordan , but numbers are increasing daily with hundreds of new arrivals from Syria , the agency said . Syrians fleeing violence have been racing to Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey , and Iraq and to safe locations inside the country . "  We expect to have 70,000 people at Za'atari camp by the end of this year , " said Dominique Hyde , a UNICEF Jordan representative . "  We must act now because it is children who continue to suffer most . " So far , some 80,000 refugees have fled to Turkey and that number is expected to rise above 100,000 in the coming days and weeks , said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  The outflows out of Syria are growing both into Turkey and to Jordan and to all the neighboring states , " she said , adding that Turkey is increasingly open to receiving international aid . Government reports gains in Aleppo Soldiers in Aleppo on Monday "  cleared al-Izaa neighborhood " of "  terrorists , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . "  The security forces stormed a den for the armed terrorist groups in al-Inzarat Neighborhood in Aleppo and seized a huge amount of ammunition and weapons . SANA 's reporter in Aleppo said that the seized weapons include PKC machine guns , Russian rifles , pump-action shotguns , ammunition and a large quantity of bombs . " Government forces and their allies have been fighting rebels for control of Syria 's largest city . The LCC reported "  fierce artillery shelling by regime forces " in Aleppo 's Bab district . Coming Tuesday : Report about life after al-Assad A report with recommendations on a post-Assad Syria will be released Tuesday . The U.S. Institute for Peace and the Germany Institute for International Security Affairs have produced "  The Day After Project : Supporting a Democratic Transition in Syria . " The effort includes Syrians across the spectrum of the opposition , including senior members of the Syrian National Council and the Local Coordination Committees of Syria ; former generals , economists and lawyers ; and representatives from the Syrian diaspora . The project was a year in the making , the LCC 's Jouejati said on Twitter . It will contain recommendations that Syrians can "  accept , reject or restate , " she said . Among the recommendations : Writing a new constitution , establishing stability and putting together a special tribunal to try regime members , Jouejati said . They also include mention of South Africa 's transition from apartheid , she confirmed . The peace institute facilitated the Iraq Study Group report , which made recommendations in 2006 on ending the war there . Will Syria 's first lady take a stand or stand by her man ? Syria 's neighbors : What 's at stake ? Syria explained : What you need to know CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Joe Sterling , Holly Yan , Yousuf Basil and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	At least 231 people are reported killed across Syria on Monday France warns against use of chemical weapons The United Nations , France condemn Daraya killings A transition report is to be released Tuesday
CNN  -- Bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline , with some teetering on the brink of extinction , according to a multi-agency report , the first of its kind , released Thursday . The Western meadowlark is an endangered bird species , according to a new report . But some other species are thriving , according to the "  State of the Birds " report , which credited conservation programs and waterfowl management initiatives that it said can serve as a model in other areas . "  Every U.S. habitat harbors birds in need of conservation , " said the report , issued by the Cornell University Lab of Ornithology in conjunction with federal agencies and other organizations . "  Hawaiian birds and ocean birds appear most at risk , with populations in danger of collapse if immediate conservation measures are not implemented . " Of the more than 800 species of birds in the United States , 67 are federally listed as endangered or threatened , the report said . Another 184 are "  species of conservation concern " because they have small distribution , are facing high threats or have a declining population . Hawaiian birds , particularly , are in crisis , the report said . More than one-third of all U.S. bird species are in Hawaii . However , 71 species have gone extinct since the islands were colonized about 300 A.D. , and 10 more species have not been seen in the past 40 years , contributing to fears they , too , have died out . Grassland and arid-land birds are showing the most rapid declines over the last four decades , while forest birds are also declining , the report said . "  Just as they were when Rachel Carson published ` Silent Spring ' nearly 50 years ago , birds today are a bellwether of the health of land , water and ecosystems , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Thursday in a statement on the report . "  From shorebirds in New England to warblers in Michigan to songbirds in Hawaii , we are seeing disturbing downward population trends that should set off environmental alarm bells . We must work together now to ensure we never hear the deafening silence in our forests , fields and backyards that Rachel Carson warned us about . " The declines can be traced to a variety of factors , depending on a bird 's particular habitat . But the causes most frequently cited in the report are agriculture , climate change , development and energy , and invasive species . For instance , some of the nation 's fastest-growing cities -- Las Vegas , Nevada ; Phoenix , Arizona ; and San Diego , California -- are located in arid lands , the report said . "  Unplanned and sprawling urban development is by far the greatest threat to arid lands . " In addition , invasive non-native plants have been introduced into the area , which can fuel wildfires and destroy native plants . Bird species of concern in arid lands include the elf owl , Bendire 's and LeConte 's thrashers and the gilded flicker , the report said . Some , such as the California condor , are already listed as endangered or threatened . In the grasslands , intensified agricultural practices have hurt bird populations , according to the report . "  Pastures can not support many birds if overgrazed , burned too frequently or burned at the beginning of the nesting season or the end of the grass-growing season . " Also , public lands and parks are mowed too frequently and the grass kept too short to provide a habitat for birds , the reports said . Grassland birds showing marked population declines include the mountain plover , Eastern and Western meadowlarks , short-eared owls and Northern bobwhites . In the forest , some species are doing well , but roughly one-third of forest-breeding bird species are showing decline . The same is true for arctic and alpine birds , where 38 percent of the 85 species are of conservation concern , the report said . Game birds are also struggling . Of 19 resident game bird species , 47 percent are species of conservation concern , and two species are federally endangered , according to the report . The greatest hope for long-term management of game birds , however , lies in Farm Bill programs that retire millions of acres of land used for heavy agriculture , the report said . Along the coast and in the ocean , bird populations have been hurt by overfishing , pollution and climate change , among other factors , the report said . Each section of the report contains at least one "  reason for hope . " The California condor , for instance , has been reintroduced to some areas , and the bird 's numbers are growing . Urban birds , such as the American robin , hummingbirds , sparrows and woodpeckers , show a "  steady , strong increase " in the last 40 years . "  A surprising number of native birds have adapted to life around humans , " the report said . " ... The wide variety of native birds that thrive in urban areas underscores the importance of these artificial habitats to the survival of many bird populations . " Wetland bird populations remain below historic levels , but "  management and conservation measures have contributed to increases of many wetland birds , including hunted waterfowl . " Research shows that wetland bird species began to increase in the late 1970s , "  coinciding with major policy shifts from draining to protecting wetlands , " the report said . "  Dramatic increases in many wetland generalist species , as well as arctic-nesting geese and cavity-nesting ducks , contribute to this overall trend . " "  These results emphasize that investment in wetlands contribution has paid huge dividends , " said Kenneth Rosenberg , director of Conservation Science at the Cornell Lab or Ornithology . "  Now we need to invest similarly in other neglected habitats where birds are undergoing the steepest declines . " Taking action now -- particularly in the area of habitat loss -- can help reverse the declining trend seen in some species , according to the report . "  The number and scope of severe threats to birds is daunting , but implementing solutions immediately and widely will pay off in benefits to society , the economy and the health of our environment . " It calls for measures such as increased monitoring of bird populations , stricter protection laws , more incentives , sustainable fishing practices and widespread education . "  Citizen science plays a critical role in monitoring and understanding the threats to these birds and their habitats , and only citizen involvement can help address them , " said Greg Butcher , conservation director for the National Audubon Society . "  Conservation action can only make a real difference when concerned people support the kind of vital habitat restoration and protection measures this report explores . "	Report : Bird populations native to several areas of the globe are in decline Some species are teetering on the brink of extinction , report says Of the 800-plus species of birds in the U.S. , 67 are endangered or threatened Causes cited are agriculture , climate change , development and invasive species
CNN  -- Just a few miles south of the Virginia state line , Mount Airy , North Carolina -- a former stagecoach stop along the Ararat River -- is thought to have inspired Mayberry , the fictional town where "  The Andy Griffith Show " was supposedly set . By no coincidence , Mount Airy is also the birthplace of Andy Griffith , the actor who played Sheriff Andy Taylor in the series . Griffith died Tuesday at the age of 86 on North Carolina 's Roanoke Island , his family said . But the actor 's legacy in this small community , once propped up by a local economy fixed on textiles and tobacco , seems ever-present . "  We 're the quintessential small town that lost all those things . Tourism has really saved us , " said Tanya Jones , the executive director of the Surry Arts Council , a group that supports the region 's local arts . "  Andy is the hook . He is the reason people come to Mount Airy , " she said . "  We are devastated . " Officials , stars and fans react to the death of Andy Griffith The region is also packed with many of the same landmarks that filled the actor 's television story-lines . Mount Pilot , the fictional nearby town often referred to in "  The Andy Griffith Show , " was likely a reference to Pilot Mountain , a state park and neighboring town of Mount Airy . Growing up in Mount Airy , Andy is part of your world "  This is where he grew up , " said Ronda Nunn , a waitress at Snappy Lunch , a restaurant built in 1923 that was also mentioned in the show . "  He put Mount Airy on the map . " The landmark eatery -- a favorite of fictional characters like Andy , Aunt Bee and Opie -- was filled Tuesday with local residents , arriving to talk about the news of Griffith 's death and to pay their respects . "  We have a line as we speak out the front , " said Diane Doss , 59 , a Snappy Lunch employee for more than two decades . "  People would come visit here from everywhere , " she said , adding that Griffith 's star power also drew in big name celebrities like Oprah Winfrey . "  I once served eggs to Lou Ferrigno , " Doss added , speaking of the actor who played The Incredible Hulk . "  Andy just really has meant a lot to this town " and to those who came to it because of him , she said . Mount Airy -- with a population of about 10,000 -- is also home to the Andy Griffith Museum , a 1,500-square-foot building filled with memorabilia collected by the actor 's friend , Emmett Forrest , whose name may have been used for Mayberry 's handyman , Emmett Clark . The museum drew nearly 55,000 visitors in its first year after opening in 2009 . Lifelong dream to visit Mayberry comes true Best known for his role as the small town sheriff of Mayberry , Griffith later starred as a folksy southern attorney in the television legal drama , "  Matlock . " He also had roles on Broadway , in movies and was as a Grammy Award-winning gospel singer . Authorities say the former actor died on Roanoke Island , where he lived with his wife , Cindi . "  Andy was a person of incredibly strong Christian faith and was prepared for the day he would be called Home to his Lord , " Cindi Griffith said in a statement Tuesday . "  He is the love of my life , my constant companion , my partner , and my best friend . I can not imagine life without Andy , but I take comfort and strength in God 's grace and in the knowledge that Andy is at peace and with God . " White House mourns the death of Andy Griffith What we love about Andy Griffith ` Andy Griffith ' theme song part of Americana Remembering Andy Griffith with Lyrics Mayberry in mourning 10 things we learned from Andy Griffith	Mount Airy may have inspired Mayberry , a fictional town where "  The Andy Griffith Show " was set The North Carolina town is the birthplace of Andy Griffith , who died Tuesday Mount Airy -- with a population of about 10,000 -- is also home to the Andy Griffith Museum The building is filled with memorabilia collected by the actor 's friend , Emmett Forrest
A federal judge overturned Montana 's same-sex marriage ban Wednesday , making it the 34th state in the nation to allow such unions . U.S. District Court Judge Brian Morris ' order was effective immediately . "  Montana no longer can deprive Plaintiffs and other same-sex couples of the chance to marry their loves . This Court recognizes that not everyone will celebrate this outcome , " he wrote in the ruling . Evangelicals step back from gay marriage fight "  This decision overturns a Montana Constitutional amendment approved by the voters of Montana . Yet the United States Constitution exists to protect disfavored minorities from the will of the majority , " the judge said . Morris added : "  The time has come for Montana to follow all the other states within the Ninth Circuit and recognize laws that ban same-sex marriage violate the constitutional right of same-sex couples to equal protection of the laws . " Federal court overturns South Carolina same-sex marriage ban According to the ruling , Montana is one of 34 states that now permit same-sex marriage . Morris was appointed by President Barack Obama in December 2013 .	U.S. District Court Judge Brian Morris ' order is effective immediately Montana can no longer deprive same-sex couples of the "  chance to marry their loves " Morris was appointed by President Barack Obama in December 2013
CNN  -- The evacuation of thousands of Pakistani civilians has become a major challenge as military planes attacked suspected anti-government militant hideouts in North Waziristan . More than 60,000 people , many of them children , have fled for safer areas in Pakistan and Afghanistan , according to a United Nations-supported news network that reports on humanitarian efforts . The Integrated Regional Information Networks said Pakistani authorities have n't set up camps yet . But Pakistani officials said school buildings in the Bannu , Lakki Marwat , Tank , Karak and Hangu districts would be opened as shelters for people fleeing the conflict . Pakistan on Sunday launched a military operation in North Waziristan , a restive province near the border with Afghanistan , in an attempt to "  finish off " militants in the area "  once and for all , " Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN . The Pakistani Taliban is among the targets . Scores of vehicles have moved toward North Waziristan to evacuate the stranded people . Local tribesmen complain that transporters are charging high rates because there 's a severe shortage of vehicles . A registration point has been established at Saidge near Bakkakhel and a camp has also been set up at Baran Dam , the government said . Two women were among seven civilians killed in Hangu when gunmen opened fire on them Wednesday . Police spokesman Noor Mohammed said unidentified men trespassed into a house and killed the seven people . Mohammed told CNN the killing may be sectarian in nature . Sources : Drone strike kills 6 in North Waziristan , Pakistan CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalist Zahir Shah Shirazi contributed to this report .	Civilians flee North Waziristan as planes strike militants 60,000 flee , reports a U.N.-supported news agency The government says schools will available to shelter civilians Seven people killed when gunmen opened fire
CNN  -- There 's nothing broken about being the fourth-most valuable company in the world , which is exactly what Microsoft is today . That same company , however , is valued at half what it was 10 years ago . It 's not exactly thriving , either . Regardless if the glass is actually half empty or half full , consumer confidence in Microsoft is at a low . It is ignored or considered uncool by younger generations . Older generations are often required to use the company 's software at work , but turn to Apple or Google devices in their free time . A month from now Microsoft will release Windows 8 , a bold new operating system that seeks to bring touchscreen interfaces to desktop computing . It 's the company 's biggest product since Windows XP and yet the only thing the tech world has seemingly talked about over the last 12 months is what the iPhone 5 might look like . In that sense , Microsoft is broken . Sure , the company that Bill Gates built has had a few bona fide hits over the last decade , most notably from its gaming division : Xbox Live , which is sort of the nighttime Facebook for gamers , and Kinect , a hands-free game controller that caught fire for a year before fizzling somewhat . Bing , Microsoft 's search engine , also is gaining traction in the market . But when it comes to mobile devices -- the biggest area of growth in consumer tech -- Microsoft still lags behind its rivals . How Apple 's story is like ` Breaking Bad ' So how can the company right the ship ? According to some of its biggest critics , here are eight ways Microsoft can reinvent itself , return to relevancy and dominate the tech world once more instead of just following it . 1 . Make fewer things extremely well . Microsoft has been accused of many things . Being too focused is n't one of them . "  They spread themselves too thin across too many product lines , " says blogger Mary Jo Foley , a longtime observer of the company . "  They let broken products hang on for far too long , " resulting in mediocre stuff that few people care about , she says . The good news : "  They 're getting better at this , " Foley says . 2 . Move all their software to the Web . Microsoft is in a bit of a pickle . Consumers want to manage , view and manipulate their files from any device connected to the Internet  aka cloud computing  . But Microsoft still makes most of its money from locally installed software , so it has been very reluctant to offer its wares online at a discount  if not for free like Google  . Keep it up , though , and Microsoft will be a goner , says Joe Wilcox , editor of Beta News . "  On phones and tablets , Microsoft 's presence is insignificant or too low to quantify . If the so-called post-PC era is about cloud-connected devices , Microsoft operating systems have no meaningful presence . " 3 . De-emphasize the desktop . Microsoft has made a fortune selling desktop operating systems . While the desktop will certainly remain an important computing tool for the foreseeable future , it 's no longer the primary tool . It 's really just one of many available portals now . "  Who cares about a desktop ? " says my twenty-something brother-in-law . So long as a device is portable and lets him access the Internet , he does n't care who makes it or what it looks like . So , in addition to moving all its products online , Microsoft should make those products available on any device , independent of the operating system , like Google does across Macintosh , Android , iPhones , Windows and even their new Google Chrome OS . In other words , it 's all about the apps , regardless of how you access them . 4 . Lead instead of follow . Whether fair or not , the perception exists that Microsoft largely follows what Apple and Google do rather than making its own waves  think delayed Zunes , Bings , Windows Phones , Surface tablets and retail stores  . Heck , even Kinect was a reaction to Nintendo 's Wii . To really excite consumers , it would do well to try zigging while others zag . "  Even if Microsoft fails to be as successful during the cloud-connected device era as the PC , its efforts  good or bad  should pressure Apple , Amazon , Google and others do to better , " says Wilcox . 5 . Serve only one master . The last thing Microsoft needs right now is to further reduce its already dwindling market share . Yet that 's what the upcoming Windows 8 might do as it tries to serve both touch users and traditional keyboard and mouse ones . "  I fear Windows 8 is too focused on touch-friendly computing , " says Tim Stevens , editor of Engadget . Foley agrees : "  I think Microsoft may be too far ahead of its users in its decision to de-emphasize the old and familiar Windows for a touch-centric one . " It 's OK to offer both touch and traditional software , as Apple does . But it works best when you keep 'em separated  as Apple has done with Mac and iOS  . 6 . Be "  cool " in its own way . As dominant as Microsoft was in the '90s , its products were never a status symbol like Apple 's are today . That 's a fact . At the same time , there are varying degrees of coolness ; you do n't have to be hip so long as you 're confident and unapologetic about who you are . The sooner Microsoft realizes this , the better it will embrace its potential as a respected and reliable maker of computing again , rather than just something the establishment makes you use . What 's more , Microsoft is now in the ironic position to brand itself as David to Apple 's Goliath , the counterculture to Apple 's mainstream . You know , turn the tables on the very upstart company that used to "  think different , " but that now suffers from groupthink because its products are so widely used . 7 . Do n't do what IBM did . IBM used to be a household name in computing . After it stopped selling to consumers , it found success in targeting big business . But it is less relevant and smaller than it used to be . This will also remain true of Microsoft if it fails to embrace the cloud-connected devices that are replacing PCs . "  If Microsoft retreats to the enterprise and cedes the consumer market , like IBM , they 'll lose their relevance , " says Wilcox . 8 . Be the developer 's favorite again . Microsoft Windows did n't become a juggernaut by being a better experience than Macintosh . It became a juggernaut because it offered third-party developers more money , which in turn resulted in more programs , which in turn brought in more users . Not any more . "  The roles are reversed , " says Wilcox . "  Where are the most exciting apps today ? Not Windows . They are on Android and iOS . " If Microsoft wants to dominate once more , it will need to entice more developer support to ensnare more consumers . As for the company 's chances , insider opinion ranges from OK to great . "  I think it has enough cash reserves to swing and miss a few times and still come out looking good , " says Stevens . "  But I do n't know if it will ever regain the top spot . " Foley shares his skepticism . "  I 'm not sure they can ever be a consumer powerhouse , " she says . "  Do three rights undo 10 years of wrongs ? I do n't know . " Wilcox , on the other hand , says he 's seen other decimated companies regain their luster -- most notably Microsoft 's longtime rival from Cupertino . "  If Apple can rise from near ruin in 15 years to become the world 's largest company , surely Microsoft can . "	Microsoft 's products are ignored or considered uncool by younger generations The company will soon release Windows 8 , but most people are fixated on iPhone 5 According to some of its biggest critics , here are eight ways Microsoft can reinvent itself One suggestion : Move all its software to the Web
CNN  -- "  I shall never surrender or retreat . " So stated William Barret Travis in an 1836 letter he wrote as Mexican soldiers bore down on his overmatched troops at the Alamo . Now , more than 175 years later , Travis ' Texas fighting heirs -- or , at the least , the state 's governor -- are drawing their line in the sand for another reason : not to grant benefits to same-sex partners of its troops as they would for opposite-sex spouses . "  As a state agency , Texas Military Forces must adhere with Texas law , and the Texas Constitution , which clearly defines marriage as between one man and one woman , " said Josh Havens , a spokesman for Gov. Rick Perry 's office . Despite its proud and longstanding tradition of independence , the Texas Military Forces is not like other agencies . In fact , given that it includes the Army National Guard and Air National Guard  in addition to the Texas State Guard  , in some ways it is more a federal agency than a state one . As such , some argue , its policies should fall in line with those out of Washington . Following a landmark Supreme Court ruling that effectively struck down the Defense of Marriage Act , which prohibited federal benefits from going to same-sex partner , the door has now been opened to gay and lesbian spouses . Shortly before leaving office earlier this year , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta announced that same-sex partners who sign a military "  Declaration of Domestic Partnership " form will be eligible for several benefits , including military identification cards as dependents . Those who did would be allowed unescorted onto bases , get access to commissaries , have the right to visit their partners in military hospitals and be eligible for many survivor benefits , including life insurance benefits . Military extends benefits to same-sex partners The Pentagon estimated at the time that there may be 5,600 troops on active duty seeking such benefits , as well as 8,000 retirees and 3,400 National Guard troops . Tuesday was the first day all partners of same-sex troops could claim such benefits , the Pentagon has said . But in the latter category , Texas is n't readily coming aboard . Texas , like some other states , expressly prohibits same-sex marriage under its law . That state law trumps federal law , argues Perry and others . "  Texas Military Forces  is a state agency under the authority and direction of the Texas state government , " wrote the forces ' adjutant general , Maj. Gen. John Nichols , in a memo dated August 30 . " ... Due to the potential conflict  between state and federal law  , we are unable to enroll same-sex families ... at our state-supported facilities until we receive legal clarification . " In a statement Tuesday , the Texas Military Forces insisted that while Nichols is asking the state 's attorney general for an advisory opinion , "  the state is not denying any federal benefits to military personnel or same-sex spouses of military personnel . " "  This is a processing issue , not a denial of benefits issue , " the agency says . "  As such , we fully encourage eligible members to enroll for their federal benefits at one of the 20 nearest federal installations , which are dispersed throughout the state of Texas . " Judge : U.S. ca n't deny benefits to lesbian war vet 's wife The office of state Attorney General Greg Abbott did not respond to a CNN request for comment on the matter . Yet Stephen Peters , the president of the American Military Partner Association , sees what 's happening in Texas as "  truly outrageous , " claiming that same-sex partners are being denied certain rights and benefits simply because they 're based in the Lone Star State . "  Gov. Rick Perry should be ashamed , " Peters said Tuesday , accusing Texas policymakers of playing "  politics with our military families . " "  Our military families are already dealing with enough problems , and the last thing they need is more discrimination from the state of Texas . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Texas Military Forces ' chief cites conflict between state , federal on same-sex marriage benefits "  Eligible members " can request benefits , agency says , calling it a "  processing issue " Governor 's office : No benefits since state law restricts marriage to 1 man , 1 woman A gay rights advocacy group blasts Texas officials for playing "  politics with our military families "
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's last physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , was n't the one who gave the pop star a fatal overdose of propofol , according to Murray 's attorney , hinting at the defense strategy in the involuntary manslaughter case against his client . "  The fact  of the way  that he died was a mystery a year ago , and still is , " Houston attorney Ed Chernoff told CNN in an exclusive interview recently . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was from an overdose of propofol , a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep . Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . His preliminary hearing is expected this fall . Murray , hired as Jackson 's personal doctor while he rehearsed for his comeback concerts , admits he was giving Jackson propofol as a sleep aid , but Chernoff said the amount was much smaller than what was found in Jackson 's body during the autopsy . The toxicology results included in the autopsy report said the propofol level was equal to what would be used to sedate a patient for major surgery . "  There is no way that Dr. Murray pumped Michael Jackson full of propofol sufficient for major surgery , " Chernoff said . "  No way . I would stake anything that I own on this fact . " Theories of how Jackson might have gotten the fatal dose , other than from Murray , include someone else entering the upstairs bedroom and administering it -- or Jackson waking up and giving it to himself . A anesthesia expert hired by the coroner addressed the possibility that Jackson may have accidentally killed himself with propofol . "  It would have been difficult for the patient to administer the drugs to himself , given the configuration of the IV set-up , " the expert wrote in the autopsy report . Chernoff said the possibility was not completely ruled out by the expert . "  The coroner 's report deemed it to be unlikely , because it would be difficult , so I 'm assuming they 've addressed that situation and that 's what they believe , but is it possible ? Absolutely , it 's possible , " Chernoff said . Jackson 's personal doctor Chernoff said Murray had no idea what he was getting into when he signed on as Jackson 's personal physician . Murray was reluctant to accept the job despite the $ 150,000 monthly salary , Chernoff said . "  He was leaving two practices , one in Houston and one in Nevada , " Chernoff said . "  He was going to be giving up those practices that he built up over 20 years , with no guarantee that when he was done with Michael Jackson he would have his practices back . " Murray knew Jackson had trouble sleeping , but did not know he was using propofol as a sleep aid , Chernoff said . "  Did Dr. Murray know that ` when I get onboard treating Michael Jackson that I 'm going to have to deal with this drug propofol ? ' No , " Chernoff said . Chernoff said Murray was trying to wean Jackson off an addiction to propofol . "  He wanted to help him do that , " Chernoff said . "  Who else is addicted to a drug like propofol ? " The anesthesia expert consulted in the autopsy report said propofol was intended for use only in a surgical setting . But Chernoff defended Murray 's usage of the drug in a residential setting . "  The fact that medicines may have been prescribed or administered at home -- that alone does n't make it egregious , " he said . "  A hospital is just four walls . I ca n't say he was in over his head , but he certainly was intending to try to help Jackson get off that drug . " The hours before Jackson died Murray told investigators that he tried for nine hours to get Jackson to sleep the day he died , starting at 1:30 a.m. By 10:40 a.m. , after giving Jackson several other sleep aids , Murray said he gave Jackson 25 milligrams of propofol through an intravenous tube attached to Jackson 's leg . The doctor 's whereabouts during the 90 minutes leading up to when Jackson was found unresponsive are unclear . Phone records show Murray made three calls totaling 47 minutes during that time . Murray told investigators he left Jackson 's side for "  two minutes maximum " while he went to use the bathroom , according to a police affidavit filed in the case . The timing is important because it 's the only window when someone else , including Jackson , could have administered the fatal dose of propofol . Prosecutors said the evidence points toward Murray as the only person responsible for Jackson 's death . Chernoff said he 's confident that a jury will see it differently . "  We get a fair jury and we are able to afford just some of the necessary experts and investigators then , yes , the doctor is going to win , " he said . "  Whatever the doctor did for Michael Jackson , whatever he did , was to help , and he took the necessary precautions and then something happened that is unexplainable , " Chernoff said .	Lawyer : Dr. Murray did not give Jackson fatal overdose Murray admits using propofol to help Jackson sleep Lawyer : Someone else could have caused Jackson 's death Autopsy report said it is unlikely Jackson injected himself
CNN  -- Comedian Mike Birbiglia has a new role on lock down . According to The Hollywood Reporter , the comic actor will appear in Season 3 of the hit Netflix series "  Orange is the New Black " which is set in a women 's prison . Birbiglia , whose 2012 film "  Sleepwalk With Me " adapted from his one-man show was critically acclaimed , has been on a roll lately with his career . He appeared in the 2014 film "  The Fault in Our Stars , " and will next be seen in the film reboot of the musical "  Annie , " starring Quvenzhane Wallis , Jamie Foxx and Cameron Diaz . No details have been released about Birbiglia 's character as the show maintains a strict level of secrecy . But showrunner Jenji Kohan told THR in an earlier interview that the next season will be "  about faith , to a certain extent . " ` Orange is the New Black ' season 2 : What 's the verdict ?	The comic will appear on Season 3 Birbiglia appeared in "  The Fault in Our Stars " There is no info on who he will portray
Washington  CNN  -- Last-minute jostling in Louisiana 's Senate race has given sudden life to long-stalled legislation to authorize the Keystone XL pipeline . Both houses of Congress are on track to vote in the coming days on proposals sponsored by the candidates who will face off in a December Senate runoff in Louisiana . The House has scheduled a vote for Friday on a bill to green-light the $ 8 billion project to transport oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . The Senate , meanwhile , is likely to vote early next week on similar legislation . The moves could force the hand of President Barack Obama , who has said he wo n't make a decision on whether to allow the pipeline to go forward until the State Department can finish a years-long independent review . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters traveling with the president during an Asia trip on Thursday that the administration takes "  a dim view of these kinds of proposals , " suggesting a veto is possible . The pipeline has become a political football in Louisiana , which is holding a Dec. 6 run-off election for its Senate seat . Democratic incumbent Mary Landrieu is trying to demonstrate her clout as Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee chairwoman one last time by prodding the chamber to vote on legislation authorizing the pipeline . She said repeatedly that at least 60 senators would vote for her bill . "  I am so pleased to have been one of the spark plugs to help to get us moving -- not in the next Congress , but in the lame duck session of this Congress , " Landrieu said on the Senate floor Thursday . House Republicans countered by scheduling a vote on their own on the same bill -- this one sponsored by Rep. Bill Cassidy , Landrieu 's GOP challenger . Combined with Senate Republicans ' pledge to place Cassidy on the energy panel , it 's an effort to mute Landrieu 's claims of influence on energy issues that are important in oil-rich Louisiana . "  Regardless of the reason , what we 're doing here today is working together on ideas that we 've been trying to push for a long , long time , " GOP Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas said on the House floor Thursday . "  Now that the Senate is here to join us , we are here to work together , " Sessions said while repeatedly pointing out that Cassidy is sponsoring the measure . Landrieu was aided in the Senate by West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin , who acknowledged that Landrieu "  is in a fight for her life here " but said she 'd be willing to take her name off the bill if doing so would ease its passage . "  The best politics is good government , " he said . "  If you do something good , as a Republican , as a Democrat , we all get credit for it . " It 's not clear whether Congress actually has the authority to approve the project -- or whether that power lies solely with the State Department , which has jurisdiction because the pipeline would cross international borders . The legislation would use a January 2014 State Department environmental analysis of the project to satisfy requirements that it be studied for adverse effects . Notre Dame law professor Bruce Huber said the legislation the House and Senate are set to vote on "  would override the presidential permit process and simply declare the proposal to be approved as a matter of federal law . " He said there likely are n't enough votes to overturn an Obama veto -- especially with Democrats still holding a Senate majority before new lawmakers are sworn in early next year . "  Nonetheless , this is the most substantial shift in momentum with respect to the Keystone project that has occurred in the last several years , " he said .	The House could vote to approve the Keystone XL pipeline on Friday , followed by the Senate next week Efforts to boost the two candidates in the Louisiana Senate run-off election have propelled the legislation It 's not clear whether President Obama would veto a bill that takes the decision out of the State Department 's hands
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The alleys and archways along Rashid Street in central Tripoli were plunged in darkness this weekend , as the Libyan capital struggled to cope with widespread shortages of electricity . After sunset , the only light in one corner cafe came from two candles . Their flickering glow barely lit the faces of men seated at a handful of tables , where they were breaking their Ramadan fast . Nearby , residents trudged down the center of empty streets enveloped in darkness . Some men played music from parked cars . Others sat silently in doorways , their presence only marked by the glow of a cigarette butt . "  It 's a disaster . My father 's neighborhood has n't had electricity for five straight days , " said one Libyan man who asked not to be named , for fear of attracting the ire of government authorities . He said he evacuated his entire family to Egypt and was staying behind to keep an eye on his property . The rapid deterioration of power supplies in Tripoli over the past two weeks has come as a shock to many Libyans . Some residents complain pumps have stopped channeling water to their apartment buildings , leaving them without both water and light . This week , a nightly talk show that fiercely supports Moammar Gadhafi on state television addressed the growing problem of the black-outs . "  The Tripoli power cuts are caused by NATO and rebel attacks on power stations , " announced a television presenter on Thursday . Frustration could be felt at a recent government press conference , when a Libyan man repeatedly pressed Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim on why some Tripoli neighborhoods had power while others suffered black-outs for days . "  Surely a large country like Libya does n't depend on one power station , " the Libyan man said . Kaim responded by accusing NATO warplanes and Libyan rebels of attacking power stations , high-voltage lines and pipelines . In an e-mail to CNN , NATO military spokesman denied accusations that the alliance targeted Libyan electrical power lines . "  There is no evidence to suggest that if the country 's power lines have been damaged , such an event could be linked to a NATO strike , " the spokesman wrote . The Gadhafi regime is struggling under an international blockade of its seaports and airports . Shortages of gas have been a fact of daily life for months now , with drivers waiting days in line at gas stations for fuel . "  One liter of petrol , 4 dinars ! " a taxi driver yelled on Saturday , as he thumped a plastic jug full of fuel sitting in the back passenger seat of his car . That is roughly the equivalent of 13 dollars for a gallon of gasoline , a huge price surge in a country long accustomed to cheap , heavily subsidized fuel . Until anti-Gadhafi protests first erupted last February , Libya was a major oil-exporting country . Since then , oil exports have slowed to a trickle . Hopes for a reprieve in the fuel shortages were dashed this week when the regime in Tripoli announced rebels somehow seized control of the fuel tanker ship Cartagena off the coast of Malta . Kaim denounced the capture of the ship and its cargo of tens of thousands of tons of gasoline , calling it an act of international piracy . "  The tanker was taken with the help of NATO to Benghazi and it arrived at 1:30 in the afternoon to Benghazi seaport , " Kaim said on Friday . "  The age of piracy is coming back to the Mediterranean because of NATO , " Kaim concluded . The Reuters news agency has distributed video filmed Thursday of the tanker Cartagena sailing into the Libyan rebel capital of Benghazi . According to the energy trade publication Petroleum Economist , the Cartagena was the property of the Libyan state-owned shipping company GNMTC . "  The MV Cartagena was outside Maltese territorial waters , " an official from the Maltese Foreign Ministry wrote to CNN in an e-mail , after being asked about allegations of the ship 's capture by rebels . A NATO spokesman in Naples , Italy , wrote to CNN , "  On the afternoon of 3 August a NATO warship established visual and voice contact with the MT Cartagena and found the crew cooperative . NATO concluded that the ship could proceed to its next port of call Benghazi . Following this decision the NATO warships returned to their patrol duties and did not escort the ship to Benghazi as suggested in some media reports . " Meanwhile , tempers were flaring at the Ghot al-Shaal shopping district in western Tripoli , where almost all the shops were dark and stifling hot due to the lack of electricity and air-conditioning . "  We 've had no power all day , how are we going to work like this ? " said one angry merchant as he stalked out of his women 's clothing shop . "  At a time like this people want air-conditioning , " said 26-year old Ridha Abdullah , who runs a children 's clothing store . Abdullah said the power outages began within the last two weeks . "  God willing it will be fixed , if NATO would stop and leave us alone to resolve our problems , " Abdullah added . At a nearby fruit and vegetable bazaar , some passersby yelled pro-Gadhafi chants and vowed to stand strong against rebel and NATO attacks . One man carrying a shopping bag stopped to accuse foreign journalists of being the cause of the crisis . But , as is often the case in public places , other Libyans discreetly approached CNN reporters to whisper messages of dissent against the Gadhafi regime . "  The government is lying and the rebels will be in Tripoli soon , " one man said nervously , before quickly walking away . "  Gadhafi not good , " said another young man , who smiled at a reporter before he climbed into a car and drove away . One store owner decided to deal with summer heat and lack of electricity by simply closing shop early . "  I 'm going to the beach to cool down , " the man said with a smile , as he pulled down the heavy metal shutters that covered his shop windows .	Government blames NATO , rebels Some Tripoli residents no longer get water pumped to their apartments Libyan official denounces rebel seizure of oil tanker There is international blockade of Libyan airports , seaports
CNN  -- The cost of repairing flood damage in Australia will top AUS $ 5.6 billion  US $ 5.58 billion  , according to Prime Minister Julia Gillard , who proposed a one-year tax to help fund the reconstruction . "  The great floods of this summer have been a national tragedy , not just a natural disaster , because of the awful loss of human life , " Gillard said Thursday . "  The great floods of this summer have destroyed billions of dollars of wealth and robbed us of billions of dollars of income . In time they may prove to be the most expensive disaster in Australian history . " Gillard said the money will come from $ 2.8 billion  US $ 2.79 billion  in spending cuts , $ 1 billion  US $ 995.6 million  in delayed infrastructure projects and $ 1.8 billion  US $ 1.79 billion  raised through a progressive , one-year income tax on people earning more than $ 50,000 . "  The levy will apply only in the 2011-12 financial year ... " Gillard said . "  People who were affected by the floods will not pay this levy . " Flooding in Australia , primarily in the state of Queensland , has affected more than 3 million people , making it one of the most costly disasters in the nation , the federal treasurer said over the weekend . The cost of the damage surpasses past tragedies like major bushfires two years ago and floods in the 1970s , Treasurer Wayne Swan said . The floods have devastated crops , tourism , retail and manufacturing , and have disrupted major urban areas like Brisbane , according to Swan . "  One of the biggest casualties is likely to be our coal exports , with many mines shut down in big coal mining regions like the Bowen Basin , and supply chains severely hampered , " Swan said . "  While this will be partly offset by higher prices , the loss of production will be hit much harder . " Swan said the government has already made about $ 227 million in disaster recovery payments to people who have been affected by the floods .	Money to pay for flood damage will come from spending cuts , delayed spending and a tax Tax would raise $ 1.8 billion and would be levied for a year More than 3 million people have been affected by recent floods The government will be investing billions of dollars to help Queensland , national treasurer says
CNN  -- Rick Perlstein could have called his book "  Paranoia . " Richard Nixon was "  the guy who exploited these tensions to create a new kind of politics , " says Rick Perlstein . If Perlstein 's history of the 1960s and early '70s in America has a throughline , it 's mistrust . Parents do n't trust their children . Enlisted men do n't trust their officers . Blacks do n't trust whites , Southerners do n't trust Northerners , the Silent Majority does n't trust the Intellectual Establishment , and -- soon enough -- nobody trusts the government . And in the midst of it all was Richard Nixon : Red-baiter , former vice president , failed gubernatorial nominee , punch line , political strategist and president , a master at playing both sides to maintain his hold on power . In doing so , he provided a roadmap for his successors . Hence Perlstein 's actual title : "  Nixonland "  Scribner  . "  I 'm fascinated with how Americans fight with each other , " says Perlstein , 39 , who was born the year Nixon took office . "  And the '60s is the best , the most -- besides the Civil War , I ca n't think of a more dramatic canvas . And Nixon fits in as the guy who exploited these tensions to create a new kind of politics that we 're still living with now . " Slideshow : What made the '60s the '60s " Perlstein 's book has earned rave reviews . In The Atlantic magazine , conservative writer Ross Douthat praised the author for "  the rare gift of being able to weave social , political , and cultural history into a single seamless narrative . " Newsweek 's Evan Thomas called it "  the best book written about the 1960s " in more than a quarter-century . Perlstein says he 's long had an obsession with the '60s -- which , in "  Nixonland , " start with the Democratic landslide of 1964 and end with the Nixon landslide of 1972 . The author , now a senior fellow at the left-leaning Campaign for America 's Future in Chicago , considers the book a sequel to his earlier work , a biography of Barry Goldwater and the rise of the conservative movement . But "  Nixonland " is as much a cultural history as a political chronicle ; indeed , in the '60s the two were tightly enmeshed . The decade saw the full flower of youth culture , which was intertwined with Vietnam War protests , increasing drug use and distinctive music . It also saw the rise of what Nixon , in a major 1969 speech , termed the "  Silent Majority " -- older , more conservative Americans buffeted on all sides by change , taking refuge in the familiar . Both groups had their pop culture heroes and touchstones , Perlstein observes . "  The generational divide went so deep as to form a fundamental argument about what was moral and what was immoral , " Perlstein says . "  This was how people lived in the world -- through popular culture and through politics . The two feed off each other . " Though the era is now remembered through the rosy lenses of the baby boomers , their parents -- the heart of the "  Silent Majority " -- did n't look upon the culture so fondly . Many disdained the era 's pop music , the most obvious expression of youth . Moreover , some of the highest-rated TV specials of 1969 and 1970 were Bob Hope programs , Perlstein writes , and when a movie such as 1970 's "  Joe " came out -- about a hardhat who loathes the hippies -- many in the audience came to cheer for the hardhat . Movies may have been the most revealing mirror of society . The rise of the youth culture coincided with the death of the studio system . Some of what emerged were films willing to show the grit and ugliness of the cities  "  the cities " being a common euphemism for civic decline  . "  Midnight Cowboy " and "  The French Connection , " the Academy Awards ' best pictures of 1969 and 1971 respectively , show a weary , cold New York crumbling under its residents ' feet . Television tiptoed more gingerly into the new age , Perlstein says . With just three networks catering to the entire country , "  everything had to have this lowest-common-denominator mass appeal , " he says . "  You could watch TV in 1966 and it 's really not any different from what it looked like in 1956 . "  When you did get interesting shows , it was often an accident -- a midseason replacement , " he adds . " ` The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ' was supposed to be a typical variety show . -LSB- CBS -RSB- never would have signed it up had they known that they were going to start talking about how much they hated the Vietnam War and started putting on Pete Seeger and making jokes about Richard Nixon . It was an accident . " An underlying theme of "  Nixonland " is how the various cultural and political movements eventually borrow from each other , with varying results . The mass gatherings of youth -- "  be-in , " "  sit-in " -- became "  Rowan and Martin 's Laugh-in , " a colorful comedy show hosted by two nightclub comics , with a writing staff that included an old Nixon hand , Paul Keyes . The nightly arguments between parents and children became the sitcom "  All in the Family , " a show whose central figure -- the bigoted construction worker Archie Bunker -- became a cultural hero . And then there was Nixon , a controlling man who , in trying to stay at least one move ahead of everyone else , ends up consumed by his own power . The result is Watergate , which is just being uncovered as "  Nixonland " ends . Could it have been different ? Countless commentators have tried to replay history from the hinge year of 1968 , wondering if a surviving Robert Kennedy could have beaten Nixon and salved an angry culture . Perlstein , whose next book will chronicle the '70s , will have none of it . "  I do n't like that magic thinking . I 'm very suspicious of it , " he says . "  Martyrs seem to get 100 extra bonus points in the annals of history , and that 's a bias . By the same token , nostalgia systematically cheats the past . "  I think that it pulls around to one of the huge themes of my book and my work , which is that we really want to believe that somehow magically we can transcend our differences in American and as Americans without working hard at it . "  If only this person had lived ; if only this event had n't gone the way it did . But the fact of the matter is , we are a deeply divided nation , and transcending those differences is n't the work of an afternoon or a single person . It 's something we all have to fight for . "	"  Nixonland " is Rick Perlstein 's history of the '60s and early '70s Central character is Richard Nixon , who exploited era 's tensions for his ends Book shows how politics and pop culture intertwined -- and created gaps End result ? We 're still living in Nixonland , author says
Washington  CNN  -- They 've become a linchpin of projecting U.S. military power into war zones around the world . But now those same unmanned aerial vehicles have been infected by a computer virus , according to a U.S defense official . The drones are still flying missions in places like Afghanistan and Iraq , where as many as 150 of them can be in involved in various surveillance missions each day . The official says the virus infected the classified military computer systems that control the drones , but it has not "  stopped the drones from flying worldwide . " "  Military officials are more concerned than panicked by this virus , " said Danger Room Editor Noah Schactman , who first reported the story last week for Wired magazine . "  They 're just really not sure what 's going on . They 're not sure if it 's a deliberate attack . They 're not sure if it 's something accidental . " The drones fly all over the world , but they are remote-piloted from American soil by pilots at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada . That 's where the virus was first detected . The virus is logging each keystroke that the remote pilots input , and officials are trying to determine whether any classified information is actually being lost or sent outside the network . Schactman says the military has had a hard time wiping out the virus . "  They 've tried over and over again to get rid of this thing using some fairly conventional methods , and they have n't worked . And so it seems the only thing to get rid of this virus is to basically wipe the hard drives of these computers entirely and sort of rebuild the computers from scratch , " Schactman said . But that can be an exhausting process : In 2008 removable hard drives introduced a virus into thousands of Defense Department computers , and to this day the Pentagon is still purging some machines . In the case of the computers that help coordinate the drones , care also has to be taken to back up all the information , so it is n't lost during rebuilding . The UAVs have become indispensable for military planners who depend on constant combat air patrols . But current and former Pentagon officials admit that technology cuts both ways . At the confirmation hearing for Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , former Deputy Defense Secretary William Lynn said bluntly , "  In the 21st century , bits and bytes can be as threatening as bullets and bombs . " Lynn says even the National Defense University has been breached , and in a single intrusion this year 24,000 files were taken from a defense company . He says these are just some examples of a number of cyber intrusions over the past several years . In June Lynn testified that "  Some of the stolen data is mundane , like the specifications for small parts of tanks , airplanes and submarines . But a great deal of it concerns our most sensitive systems , including avionics , surveillance technologies , satellite communications systems and network security protocols . The cyber exploitation being perpetrated against the defense industry cuts across a wide swath of crucial military hardware , extending from missile tracking systems and satellite navigation devices to UAVs and the Joint Strike Fighter . " Perhaps most alarming , Lynn admitted that up till now , the US military had not been able to secure its systems . "  Current countermeasures have not stopped this outflow of sensitive information , " Lynn said . "  We need to do more to guard our digital storehouses of design innovation . " Officials have not determined whether the virus introduced into the drone program is benign , or doing actual harm . An investigation is ongoing . Despite the fact the controls are not linked into any outside network , and therefore seemingly impervious to intrusion , the drone systems do have security issues . Noah Schactman says they still use external hard drives , and when they 're attached to the top-secret computers it can open them up to infection . He says the true danger of this virus comes not from an ability to "  bring down a drone , " which is unlikely . Schactman says it comes down to trust . And he surmises that if officials come to think that the data they 're receiving from the unmanned vehicles has been compromised , they 're much less likely to view the information as safe and valuable . Perhaps most alarming : the worst is yet to come . Even top Pentagon officials admit that more destructive tools are being developed , cyber weapons that have not yet been used . Former Deputy Secretary Lynn says , "  And the most malicious actors have not yet obtained the most harmful capabilities . But this situation will not hold forever . There will eventually be a marriage of capability and intent , where those who mean us harm will gain the ability to launch damaging cyber attacks . We need to develop stronger defenses before this occurs . " In August , a drone attack killed al Qaeda No. 2 Atiya Abdul Rahman in Pakistan . The most recent high-profile drone strike resulted in the death of U.S.-born militant cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen last month .	The virus has not "  stopped flights worldwide , " defense official says The infection was first reported by Wired.com Drones have targeted suspected militants in such countries as Pakistan and Yemen
CNN  On October 31 , 2014 , the Italian government announced the end of "  Mare Nostrum " -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to seek security and a new life in Europe . In the operation 's year-long existence , the Italian Navy and Coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . But it proved expensive and politically contentious , and Europe was not prepared to help Italy shoulder the burden of the crisis . Without European support , the Italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants . Mare Nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was replaced by the more modest "  Operation Triton , " under the auspices of the European Union 's border agency , Frontex . Triton has about one-third of the funding of Mare Nostrum , with just six ships and patrol boats , two planes and one helicopter . It was designed as a policing rather than a humanitarian mission . At its inception , Klaus Rosler , operations director for Frontex , said "  Triton is not a replacement for Mare Nostrum . " Nor was Frontex "  a coordinating body for search and rescue operations . " Six months later , the argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated . Contributors to Triton include Portugal , the Netherlands , Finland and Iceland . Britain -- for example -- is not . It argues that search and rescue operations in international waters are "  an unintended ` pull factor , ' encouraging more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing and thereby leading to more tragic and unnecessary deaths . " It 's perhaps no coincidence that immigration is a hot-button issue in Britain , with the UK Independence Party attacking the Conservative-led coalition government for being soft on allowing foreigners into the country . Similarly , the opposition Northern League in Italy opposed Mare Nostrum , accusing it of enticing migrants . If the first few months of this year are any guide , demand has not diminished even if the prospect of being rescued has . People from Syria , Mali and Eritrea are among the tens of thousands trying to escape repression , violence and abject poverty . Despite the danger , the great majority head first for Libya , where the collapse of authority allows smuggling operations to go unhindered . Italy -- the European state whose territory is closest to Libya -- has borne the brunt of the task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants . In 2014 , 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea . Italian ships have picked up about 11,000 migrants in the past week alone . The islands of Sicily and of Lampedusa  which is closer to Tunisia than to mainland Italy  see an almost daily influx of human misery . And at this time of year , there is a surge in the illegal trafficking as the weather and sea conditions improve . Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has said the Mediterranean is a sea , not a cemetery . On Sunday , in the wake of the latest disaster , he complained that Italy had been coping with the crisis in "  near solitude , sometimes assisted by some other international presence . " Italy has also led calls for an international peacekeeping issue to help restore stability in Libya , not least in an effort to tackle the flow of migrants , many of whom set out from around Misrata and other ports in the west of the country . According to some human rights groups , the danger to migrants on the high seas has been accentuated by merchant ships turning a blind eye to boats in distress -- despite a maritime obligation to come to the aid of vessels in peril . After the latest sinking , the European Commission called an urgent meeting of foreign and interior ministers , saying that "  the reality is stark and our actions must therefore be bold . These are human lives at stake , and the European Union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act . " EU Foreign Policy chief Federica Mogherini , who is Italian , said Sunday : "  We need to save human lives all together , as all together we need to protect our borders and to fight the trafficking of human beings . " The task could not be "  left only to the southern countries , " she insisted . But bold action is rarely a hallmark of the EU . The recently installed head of the European Commission , Jean-Claude Junker , has set out his priorities -- but they are yet to be acted upon . Junker said the current budget of Frontex - some 90 million euros  $ 97 million  - was "  a good start but does not yet equal the task of protecting Europe 's common borders . " That money has to cover all Frontex 's roles -- and it 's not only the Italian coast that is being targeted by migrants . Further east , thousands of migrants are trying to reach Greece by land and sea . According to the UN 's refugee agency , 219,000 refugees and migrants crossed the Mediterranean last year . Junker has also argued for greater assistance to the European Asylum Support Office , which is based in Malta , arguing for "  more thorough risk assessments to spot problem areas before they become overloaded . " Most controversially , Junker is proposing Europe adopt a common asylum system , saying that "  one and the same applicant for asylum can have a 70-75 % chance of being granted asylum in one country of the European Union and less than 1 % , with the same reasons , in another country . " But progress toward a Europe-wide approach on migration is painfully slow . The European Commission plans to publish a policy document next month , but member states are in no hurry to grapple with such a politically explosive and costly subject . In the meantime , the argument in European meetings is likely to focus on priorities , with some  the UK and Germany  likely to argue that more resources must be devoted to cracking down on the lucrative people-smuggling racket . "  We must target the traffickers who are responsible for so many people dying at sea and prevent their innocent victims from being tricked or forced into making these perilous journeys , " said British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond Sunday . Others , including Italy , Greece , Spain and France , are expected to seek more concerted action in handling and funding the influx . But the hundreds of migrants being herded onto barely seaworthy boats from Libyan beaches will be oblivious to the debate . READ MORE : Migrant deaths at sea - what is Europe going to do?READ MORE : Why migrants are risking their lives to reach ItalyREAD MORE : ' I enter Europe or I die ' - desperate migrants rescuedREAD MORE : How do illegal immigrants get into Europe ?	Italian Navy 's "  Mare Nostrum " mission to rescue would-be migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100,000 people Operation ended in October 2014 , but the tide of people trying to cross the Mediterranean has not abated Italy has borne brunt of task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants
WASHAKIE COUNTY , Wyoming  CNN  -- In the predawn darkness the agents switch the federal plates on their vehicles to local Wyoming tags and check they have no other signs showing they are from the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Edward Eugene Harper is believed to have lived a nomadic lifestyle since fleeing Mississippi . They want to give the impression that they are fish and wildlife officers , certainly not what they really are -- an elite squad in search of one of the FBI 's 10 most-wanted fugitives . Their target lives eight miles up a dirt road in the Big Horn mountains of Washakie County -- and he is also not what he seems . For the past few years Edward Eugene Harper has been tending a flock of sheep in the semi-wilderness of the region . But 15 years ago he failed to turn up for a court appearance in Mississippi on charges he had molested two girls , aged 3 and 8 . He 'd been on the lam ever since . Recently the FBI had received a tip on his whereabouts . Watch how FBI planned hunt for fugitive " Snipers spent the night watching the truck with a camper top where Harper , 63 , has been sleeping for the past few weeks . Michael Rankin , assistant special agent in charge at the FBI 's Denver , Colorado , field office and leader of the operation to capture Harper , said he wanted to use a ruse to get close to Harper . "  We do n't want to alert him or anybody who might be a supporter of his , and we want to get as close to him without somehow raising his antenna that we may be law enforcement and we may be wanting to take him into custody , " Rankin said . "  It 's an individual that has been a fugitive for almost 15 years , so he certainly does n't want to go to jail or be put into the system after being on the lam for this length of time . " The locals are used to seeing officers from the Wyoming Game and Fish Department , and it 's one of their men who will make the first contact and perhaps lead Harper to think the accompanying agents are also wildlife officials . The sun is up now and it is dusty and hot . At the end of the dirt road the FBI has officers working the command and control element , a team of crisis negotiators and investigators who will confirm Harper 's identity , and a tactical unit aiming to make the arrest . FBI sources say they are concerned about another "  Ruby Ridge incident . " In August 1992 , more than 400 members of federal and local law enforcement and the military converged on the Idaho hillside where a white separatist , Randy Weaver , lived in a cabin with his family . By the end of the operation , there had been a 12-day siege and a U.S. marshal , Weaver 's wife and his 14-year-old son were dead . Ruby Ridge became a rallying cry for right-wing militias , and agents do not want this arrest mission spiraling out of control . Harper subscribes to "  sovereign citizen " ideology and once claimed to be a member of the Montana Freemen , a group that rejected the authority of the U.S. government , the FBI said . In the end , the arrest of Harper is nothing like Ruby Ridge . He puts up no resistance , no shots are fired and there is no standoff . Harper , now with a heavy beard , shaggy hair and wearing a black patch on his left eye , sits calmly in a government SUV heading back into the system and a county jail in Casper , Wyoming , as authorities begin the process of extraditing him to Mississippi . He has requested a public defender . "  It feels very good that everybody 's safe , " Rankin said as the teams leave the wilderness to head back to base where they can strike a name off their most wanted list .	Accused child-molester Edward Eugene Harper detained in Wyoming FBI snipers , investigators headed into wilderness before dawn to catch him Harper skipped court date in 1994 and had been on the lam since
CNN  -- Virginia Tech will be fined $ 55,000 for waiting too long to provide timely warnings about a shooter on the loose during a 2007 rampage in which 32 people died , the U.S. Department of Education said Tuesday . The school said it will appeal . A December 2010 report said the school did not notify students in a "  timely manner " -- as dictated by what is known as the Clery Act -- after a shooting that left two people dead at West Ambler Johnston residence hall on the morning of April 16 , 2007 . The same shooter , identified as Cho Seung-Hui , 23 , went to the university 's Norris Hall more than two hours later and killed 30 more people before turning a gun on himself . The Clery Act was created in 1990 in memory of 19-year-old Jeanne Ann Clery , who was raped and killed while asleep in her dorm room at Lehigh University . The law requires colleges and universities to disclose information about crimes on or near their campuses . Federal officials said the $ 55,000 for two violations of the act is the maximum allowed . "  While Virginia Tech 's violations warrant a fine far in excess of what is currently permissible under the statute , the department 's fine authority is limited , " wrote Mary E. Gust , director of a department panel that reviewed the case . Larry Hincker , associate vice president for university relations at Virginia Tech , said Tuesday the school "  respectfully disagrees " with the fine . "  As we noted before , neither the Department of Education nor the Clery Act defines ` timely , ' " Hincker said in a prepared statement . "  The university actions on April 16 were well within the standards and practices in effect at that time . " According to the report and Tuesday 's letter to Virginia Tech , police went to the scene of the Virginia Tech dorm shooting at 7:24 a.m. . At 7:57 a.m. police notified the office of the executive vice president about the shooting . President Charles W. Steger was then notified and an 8:25 a.m. meeting was held to discuss the shootings and how best to notify the campus community . The administration knew that no weapon had been found and that bloody footprints led away from the crime scene , according to the education department . But it was not until 9:26 a.m. that the university first notified students and staff by e-mail about the shooting . "  The message was vague and only notified the community there had been a shooting on campus . It did not mention that there had been a murder or that the killer had not been identified , " the Department of Education said Tuesday . It was about 15 minutes after the e-mail went out that Cho began shooting in Norris Hall . The rampage lasted from about 9:40 a.m. to 9:51 a.m. . A second message was sent to the community at 9:50 a.m. with a "  much more explicit warning . " "  Because Virginia Tech failed to notify its students and staff of the initial shootings on a timely basis , thousands continued to travel on campus , without a warning of the events at " the residence hall , the education department said . University officials disputed the federal findings . "  We believe that Virginia Tech administrators acted appropriately in their response to the tragic events of April 16 , 2007 , based on the best information then available to them , " Hincker said . The university also argued it "  is being held accountable for a new federal standard that was adopted after the April 2007 shootings . " New rules went into effect in 2008 . But in its letter to Virginia Tech , the Department of Education said the school did not meet timely warning rules that were in effect on the day of the rampage . The school also is being fined for not following the warning policy it had disclosed to students and staff , the department said . CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report	Virginia Tech did not send timely warnings , the federal government says The university says it will appeal decision It claims it met rules that were current at the time ; the U.S. Department of Education disagrees
CNN  -- Hoffenheim have failed in their bid to get their 2-1 Bundesliga home defeat to Bayer Leverkusen replayed despite the controversial ` ghost ' goal scored by visiting striker Stefan Kiessling . The German Football Association  DFB  said Monday the result would stand but have given Hoffenheim one week to appeal the decision . High flying Leverkusen were winning the ninth round match on October 18 by a single goal in the 70th minute when Kiessling headed a corner just wide of the home goal . German international striker Kiessling was seen with his head in his hands , apparently acknowledging a bad miss , but the ball found its way into the net through a hole in the side netting . It was enough to convince referee Felix Brych that the effort was legitimate and to the dismay of all concerned he awarded the goal . Leverkusen , pushing Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund hard at the top of the standings , eventually claimed three valuable points in a 2-1 win , but it has come at a cost . Kiessling , bidding for a regular place up front in the German international team for the World Cup in Brazil , has been subjected to much criticism and there have been renewed demands for FIFA to introduce video technology to help referees in such situations . After a 90-minute hearing in Frankfurt , the head of the DFB tribunal , Judge Hans E. Lorenz said they had been left with "  no alternative " but to uphold the original result . "  The question is n't whether this judgment satisfies us from a sporting perspective , " he said in a statement on the DBF website . "  From a legal point of view , there is no alternative . There are no grounds for the appeal . The factual decision may have been incorrect , but it is irrevocable . " Hoffenheim cited an incident in a match between Bayern and Nuremberg in 1994 when Bayern 's Thomas Helmer scored a similar ` ghost ' goal in a 2-1 win . That game was replayed and Bavarian giants Bayern cruised to a 5-0 win . Bayer Leverkusen are tied on points with Dortmund after a 2-1 win over Augsburg at the weekend , a point behind reigning champions Bayern , while Hoffenheim remain in mid table . Kiessling has six goals for the season , including his effort against Hoffenheim , one behind the leading tally .	Hoffenheim fail in bid to get Bundesliga match against Bayer Leverkusen replayed Hoffenheim lost the home match 2-1 Second Leverkusen goal from Stefan Kiessling controversially awarded DFB said it had ` no alternative ' but to let the result stand
CNN  -- A Michigan woman who won a million-dollar lottery but continued to receive welfare benefits is now charged with fraud , the attorney general said Tuesday . Amanda Clayton , 25 , collected thousands of dollars in state assistance for months after she won $ 1 million in the ` Make Me Rich " game sponsored by the Michigan lottery , a statement from state officials said . "  It 's simply common sense that million-dollar lottery winners forfeit their right to public assistance , " said Attorney General Bill Schuette . Mega Millions mystery winner about to emerge Clayton , a Lincoln Park resident , faces two felony counts of welfare fraud after being investigated by the Department of Human Services and the Office of Inspector General . The inquiry revealed that not only did Clayton fail to report her lottery winnings and other employment earnings , as state law requires , she also "  allegedly collected approximately $ 5,475 in food and medical benefits " she would have been ineligible for . According to Michigan law , welfare recipients must report any changes in assets or income to the agency within 10 days . "  I thought that they would cut me off , but since they did n't , I thought , maybe it was OK because I 'm not working , " Clayton , 24 , told CNN affiliate WDIV when it asked whether it was appropriate for her to receive the money . Clayton bought a new house and car after winning the lottery in October 2011 . According to state officials , she received public assistance from August 2010 through March 2012 . After taking a lump sum and paying taxes , Clayton said she ended up with just more than $ 500,000 . Asked if she had the right to the public assistance money , Clayton answered , "  I kind of do . I have no income , and I have bills to pay . I have two houses . " New legislation -- which includes Senate Bill 711 and 712 , and House Bill 5033 -- will block lottery winners from receiving government benefits . Gov. Rick Snyder signed all the bills last Wednesday . "  That commitment to investigation and uncovering the truth , combined with the new law recently enacted by the legislature and signed by the governor , will make it easier to ensure that outrages involving instant millionaires on public assistance do n't happen in the future , " said Maura Corrigan , director of the state 's Department of Human Services .	A Michigan woman who took state benefits after a lottery win faces criminal charges Amanda Clayton , 25 , faces felony counts of welfare fraud New legislation signed last week blocks lottery winners from receiving state assistance "  I thought , maybe it was OK because I 'm not working , " Clayton said
CNN  -- Sorry to burst your bubble , My Little Pony and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . But it was a few other classic toys that earned entry into the National Toy Hall of Fame on Thursday . Rubik 's Cube , little green army men and yes , plain old bubbles won the honors over nine other finalists . The toys will become part of the National Toy Hall of Fame collection at the Strong National Museum of Play in Rochester , New York . Anybody can nominate toys for the honor , but inductees are selected by historians , educators and others based on the objects ' icon status , longevity and innovation . They range from simple playthings like the ball and the stick to beloved brands like Barbie and Lionel trains . Others toys nominated in 2014 included American Girl dolls , Hess trucks , the Slip 'N Slide , the paper airplane and yes , pots and pans -- those kitchen staples that creative kids have been treating as toys for generations . Last year 's inductees included the rubber duck and the game of chess . Toys previously inducted into the Hall of Fame include Monopoly  1998  , roller skates  1999  , jack-in-the-box  2005  and in 2012 , "  Star Wars " action figures and dominoes . But there 's still hope for My Little Pony and the other runnersup : They 'll be eligible again next year , and many finalists are n't inducted on their first try . Game company to help ` Operation ' creator with operation costs	National Toy Hall of Fame inducted three toys from 12 finalists on November 6 Rubik 's Cube , bubbles and little green army men received the honor in 2014 Other finalists included American Girl dolls , Slip 'N Slide , pots and pans
Three Afghan National Army officers , who disappeared while guests of the U.S. military at a training exercise in Massachusetts , are being charged with immigration violations . The men disappeared Saturday and reappeared Monday in the custody of Canadian border guards . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement took custody of the three Tuesday morning , Massachusetts ICE spokesman Daniel Modricker told CNN . They are being charged with administrative immigration violations and have been placed into removal proceedings , the spokesman said . Maj. Jan Mohammad Arash , Cpt . Mohammad Nasir Askarzada and Cpt . Noorullah Aminyar were caught by Canadian border guards at Rainbow Bridge , a checkpoint on the border at Niagara Falls . They went missing after a trip to a mall . Authorities have said they posed no threat to the public . The men arrived in the United States on September 11 for the annual Exercise Regional Cooperation and were quartered at Joint Base Cape Cod , according to the Massachusetts National Guard . The training included troops from six nations .	The men have been placed into removal proceedings They went missing after a trip to a Massachusetts mall The men were caught by Canadian Border guards
Barack Obama and Mitt Romney resumed campaigning Monday , with both men focusing on the economy as key to their chances of winning the votes of Americans in November . Obama told supporters in Cincinnati that he entered office four years ago seeking to restore "  the basic bargain that made America the greatest nation on Earth . " He cited the idea that "  if you work hard , then you can get ahead ; if you 're responsible , then you can live out your dreams . You 're not confined to the circumstances of your birth . " Romney , meanwhile , said in a TV interview that "  in my opinion , the issue people care about is who can get the American economy going again to help people have a brighter future , with rising wages and more capacity to care for their kids and to know that their kids will get good jobs when they come out of school . "  That 's what this campaign is about , " the presumptive GOP nominee said on "  Fox & Friends . " Obama said he entered office at a time that the American dream "  was slipping away from too many people " and that "  incomes and wages were flat-lining while the cost of everything -- from college to health care to groceries to gas -- were all going up . " He said his goal has been to reclaim that dream , but that he recognized when he became president that "  it might take more than one term , maybe more than one president " to do so . Speaking from New Hampshire , Romney focused on Obama 's performance in office and found it wanting : "  There are 23 million people that are out of work and  who have  stopped looking for work , " he said . "  Median income has dropped 10 % over the last four years . The American people know whether things are better now than they were four years ago ... he  Obama  just has n't been able to do the job he told us he was going to try to do . " But Obama sought to deflect the blame and appealed to his audience for support . "  The problem is that we 've got a stalemate right now in Washington , " he said . "  This election is about more than just two candidates or political parties . It 's about two different visions about how do we build a strong economy . The good news is you 're the tie-breaker . The choice is up to you . " Obama also cited a new report that estimates that Romney 's support for eliminating U.S. taxes on American companies ' foreign incomes would create an incentive for U.S. companies to move more of their jobs overseas . Gergen : Facts do n't support Obama 's claims "  We have not found any serious economic study that says Governor Romney 's economic plan would actually create jobs until today , " Obama said . "  I 've got to be honest , today we found out there 's a new study out by nonpartisan economists that says Governor Romney 's economic plan would , in fact , create 800,000 jobs . There 's only one problem . The jobs would n't be in America . " The Romney campaign quickly fired back . "  President Obama is at it again today with another dishonest attack meant to distract from his own record of failure , " Romney campaign spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg told CNN . "  After spending three years pushing policies that drive jobs overseas and sending taxpayer money to foreign-owned companies , it 's clear President Obama does n't have a clue when it comes to job creation in America . " The U.S. corporate tax rate is the highest in the industrial world , which hurts the ability of American businesses to compete globally and to create jobs in the United States , she said . "  Mitt Romney has a comprehensive plan to reform the corporate tax code that will lower rates , get rid of incentives for firms to create jobs in other countries , and encourage the kind of economic growth President Obama has been unable to deliver , " she added . The new back-and-forth came as both campaigns have repeatedly accused the opposing candidate of outsourcing U.S. jobs overseas . On another topic , Romney defended his release of his 2010 tax return and the promised release of his 2011 return as sufficient , despite calls from critics that he make public earlier returns . "  John McCain ran for president and released two years of tax returns , " the former CEO of Bain Capital said of the 2008 GOP candidate . "  The Obama people keep on wanting more and more and more , more things to pick through , more things for their opposition research to try to make a mountain out of and to distort and to be dishonest about . " Frum : Romney 's painfully bad week That stance is largely consistent with Romney 's position during his 2002 campaign for Massachusetts governor . Romney 's Democratic rival that year , Shannon O'Brien , released her tax information and called on Romney to do the same . Romney repeatedly declined . "  People who run for public office are exposed to extraordinary scrutiny , and that 's as it should be , but there are some things that are not required for release , that are private , and I think my own income taxes , and my net worth and so forth are things I 'd like to keep between myself and my family , " Romney said in May 2002 , according to the Boston Herald . His longtime strategist Eric Fehrnstrom cited the family 's "  privacy " and noted that state law did not require candidates to provide anything more than a financial disclosure form filed with the state Ethics Commission . On Sunday , Obama 's senior campaign adviser David Axelrod told CNN 's "  State of the Union " such limited disclosure only raised more questions about Romney 's finances . "  I can only conclude , with all these Republicans asking him to release these returns , that whatever is in those returns would be more damaging to his campaign than simply not releasing them , " Axelrod said . Some Republicans began pushing Romney to release tax information over the weekend , saying it would be politically savvy to release the information to avoid a drawn-out fight with Democrats . "  He should release the tax returns tomorrow . It 's crazy , " conservative columnist Bill Kristol said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  You got ta release six , eight , 10 years of back tax returns . Take the hit for a day or two . " All of this , Romney said Monday , was a distraction from the real issues of the campaign . He said his own campaign was happy to compare itself with Obama 's administration on transparency , citing the president 's use of executive privilege to withhold documents related to the botched "  Fast and Furious " program . "  The administration has shown a serious departure from the transparency from which they suggested we had , " Romney said . "  And the American people should be calling for that kind transparency . " Families object to 9/11 Memorial 's ban on politicians GOP Sen. Rob Portman defended Romney against Obama 's "  personal " attacks , saying the Democrat was focusing on Romney because his own record falls short . Portman , speaking in Lebanon , Ohio , was holding an event for Romney roughly two hours ahead of Obama 's own campaign speech in nearby Cincinnati . "  He 's attacking Mitt Romney on a personal basis . Why ? Because he does n't want to talk about his record , " the Republican from Ohio said . Portman is widely speculated to be a potential vice-presidential pick for Mitt Romney . Last week Portman said he met with Romney campaign staffers during three meetings while in Boston to headline a couple of fund-raisers for the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . But Portman , a former congressman and cabinet member in the George W. Bush administration , said the meetings were not at the Romney campaign headquarters , and had nothing to do with the vice presidential vetting process . On Monday , he refused to speculate on the vice presidential selection process , nor would he say whether Romney had made up his mind on his running mate . Portman added , "  People vote for the presidential candidate , not the vice president . " Another potential vice presidential pick said Monday he had spoken with the Romney aides involved in the search . Sen. John Thune of South Dakota told The Hill that he had traveled to Boston to meet with Beth Myers , who is leading Romney 's search for a vice presidential pick , along with other senior advisers at the presumptive GOP nominee 's headquarters . Thune would not say whether he was being formally vetted by Romney 's team . Thune would provide geographic balance on a potential Republican ticket , though he would not offer a large degree of ideological disparity with the likely GOP nominee . Thune decided against making his own presidential bid in February 2011 , but is considered a GOP hero for toppling incumbent Tom Daschle , then the top Democrat in the Senate , in 2004 . Thune chairs the Senate Republican Conference , which controls the party 's message in the Senate , and is often mentioned as a presidential contender down the road . Also Monday , Restore Our Future , the super PAC backing Romney , announced it had brought in $ 20 million in June . That marks a major jump from the prior month , when Restore Our Future reported bringing in $ 4.6 million . The spike was not a surprise , however , since the group received a $ 10 million donation from Nevada casino mogul Sheldon Adelson and his wife , Miriam , in June . Also helping the group was the first donation from Foster Friess , a millionaire who backed the pro-Rick Santorum super PAC . He told CNN he gave a six-figure donation to Restore Our Future last month , though he refused to give the exact amount . Restore Our Future was active during the GOP primary , spending $ 38.9 million in the first three months of 2012 . Much of its money went to campaign television commercials in support of Romney and critical of his rivals for the Republican presidential nomination .	Obama says he 's seeking to restore "  the basic bargain " that made America great Romney says the president "  just has n't been able to do the job " The campaigns disagree over whether Romney plan would send more jobs overseas
CNN  -- Iranian authorities have executed the leader of a Sunni militant group blamed for dozens of attacks in the country , state media said Sunday . Abdolmalek Rigi , who headed Jundallah  Soldiers of God  , was hanged after being convicted of committing 79 crimes , including armed robbery , planting bombs and attacks against police and military forces , Press TV reported . Authorities arrested him February 23 when he was on a flight from the United Arab Emirates to Kyrgyzstan , Press TV said . Iran has blamed Jundallah for carrying out deadly bombings , abductions and targeted killings in the southeastern Sistan-Balochistan province , which borders Pakistan . It has accused the group of trying to destabilize Iran with the backing of the West . Jundallah claims it has no separatist aspirations but rather it wants the predominantly Shiite country to stop persecuting the Sunni Balochis who live in the province . The province lies about 700 miles  1,100 kilometers  southeast of Tehran . Iran said Jundallah was behind a suicide bombing in the province that killed more than 40 people -- including several members of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards -- in October . Jundallah also is blamed for a mosque attack in May that killed more than a dozen worshippers and injured at least 55 in the province . And in 2007 , a car bomb that struck a military bus in the province 's capital , Zahedan , was also the work of Jundallah , Iran said . The bomb went off as soon as the bus , which belonged to the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , arrived to pick up military personnel at a barracks . It killed at least 11 Guard members . According to Press TV , after Rigi was arrested , the country 's intelligence minister claimed that he had been at an American mlitary base 24 hours before his capture and that the United States had forged an Afghan passport for him . Rigi pleaded guilty to the charges against him and appealed his sentence after asking for forgiveness , Press TV reported . The appeal was rejected . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	State media : Leader of militant group hanged after being convicted of committing 79 crimes Abdolmalek Rigi was arrested in February Rigi headed Jundallah , which means "  Soldiers of God " Iran has blamed Jundallah for deadly bombings , abductions and targeted killings
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- At least nine unarmed protesters in Ivory Coast 's largest city were shot and killed by security forces Thursday , eyewitnesses told Amnesty International . The violence erupted as troops loyal to the incumbent president and supporters of his challenger confronted each other on the tense and chaotic streets of Abidjan . "  Amnesty International is appalled by this completely unjustified and disproportionate use of force and calls on the Ivorian security forces to stop these killings immediately , " said Salvatore Sagues , the West Africa researcher for Amnesty , a human rights group . "  Those who opened fire on these people , as well as those who gave the order , will have to account for their acts , " he said . The demonstrators -- part of mass street protests called by the presidential challenger , Alassane Ouattara -- had been marching from various locations in Abidjan "  in an attempt to seize the state-run RTI " broadcasting offices when security forces fired on them , Amnesty said . Witnesses told CNN that exchanges of fire also raged outside a hotel that is serving as the headquarters of Ouattara , a former economist and prime minister who ran for president against incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo in a November 28 runoff . The West African nation has been in a political stalemate over the disputed election , in which both men claim victory . The country 's Independent Electoral Commission said Ouattara won the runoff , but the country 's Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared Gbagbo the winner . Ever since , tension has filled the air in Abidjan . On Tuesday , Amnesty International said , "  Ouattara called for mass street protests to seize state radio and government buildings , still held by officials loyal to Laurent Gbagbo , who is refusing to leave office . " Eyewitnesses told Amnesty International at least six people were shot dead by security forces in the neighborhood of Abobo . "  When we saw security forces near the police station of the 21st arrondissement , we raised our hands and told them that we were unarmed . They refused to answer and threw tear gas grenades . Then immediately they shot at us . I saw dead bodies in the street . I know three of them , " one eyewitness told Amnesty International . Security forces near the Makassi crossroads shot tear gas and then fired on another group of protesters , killing three people , the human rights organization said . "  A young man , a car washer , who was not participating in the demonstration , was shot dead by two men wearing military uniforms , with hoods . The young man was standing in front of the garage waiting for drivers in order to wash their vehicles when two military  personnel  arrive . One of them tripped him up , he fell down . One of the military who was wearing sunglasses shot at him at point blank with a gun , " an eyewitness told Amnesty International . CNN witnesses saw at least two dead bodies . One of the bodies was seen in front of U.N. headquarters , where there was a tent for the wounded . Another was seen in a slum near the Hotel Golf . Witnesses said he was a pro-Ouattara supporter who was shot by police because he was armed , but that account could not be confirmed . Heavy gunfire and mortars could be heard for at least an hour and up to three miles away from the hotel , where people protecting the Ouattara headquarters exchanged fire with forces loyal to Gbagbo . Soldiers loyal to Gbagbo were in combat posture , hiding in the bush around the hotel . Ex-rebel forces were trying to free blockades held by the pro-Gbagbo forces on the sole access road to the hotel . Witnesses spoke of confrontation at the RTI building , which has been surrounded by armored vehicles and troops loyal to Gbagbo since the crisis began . Also , police forces fired shots to disperse demonstrators in a pro-Ouattara neighborhood , witnesses said . The United Nations , African Union , European Union and other international bodies and leaders have called on Gbagbo to step down , but he has declined to do so . Read about the deadline set for Gbagbo to leave Ivory Coast On Wednesday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon warned that the stalemate could lead to renewed fighting in a country that was wracked by civil war for several years . "  The situation is taking a worrying turn with unfolding events that could lead to widespread violence , " Ban said in a written statement . The developments include recent threats by some commanders of the national security forces to resort to military options and also clashes on Monday between them and ex-rebels supporting Ouattara , the internationally recognized winner of the election . The International Criminal Court 's chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno Ocampo , told French media that he would prosecute people responsible for any deadly post-election violence . Sagues also warned that Ivory Coast is close to another civil war . "  Every effort must be made to prevent an escalation of violence . There is a very real threat that many more lives will be lost if the security forces continue to shoot at protesters indiscriminately , " Sagues said . Journalist Eric Agnero contributed to this report	NEW : Amnesty International says nine were killed on Thursday NEW : The people were killed in two locations Ban Ki-moon has warned "  the situation is taking a worrying turn "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has angrily denied allegations that it punished some of its citizens for inadequately mourning the death of its late leader Kim Jong Il . Kim died last month after 17 years of repressive rule over the secretive state , setting off deep uncertainty about North Korea 's future . The North Korean regime commemorated his death with elaborately choreographed ceremonies broadcast on state-run media that showed crowds of mourners beating their chests and wailing with grief in the snow-covered streets of Pyongyang . Over the weekend , a report from the state-run Korean Central News Agency lashed out at "  misinformation " that citizens who had "  failed to show tears at memorial services were sent to a concentration camp . " It attributed the allegations to "  reptile media under the control " of a group of "  traitors " that it said were connected to President Lee Myung-bak of South Korea . The news agency appeared to be referring to a report last week by the South Korean news website Daily NK , which monitors developments in the North through a network of sources inside the country . Citing an unidentified person in North Korea , Daily NK reported that "  the authorities are handing down at least six months in a labor-training camp to anybody who did n't participate in the organized gatherings during the mourning period , or who did participate but did n't cry and did n't seem genuine . " The president of Daily NK , Park In-ho , said that the information for its report had come from a North Korean citizen in North Hamgyong Province , which borders China . The unidentified North Korean relayed the information to a Daily NK reporter using an illegal Chinese mobile phone -- commonly used items among people living in the border areas -- Park said . Information from the North is usually communicated to Daily NK reporters in China , who then pass it on to South Korea , according to Park . North Korea significantly restricts the ability of international news organizations to freely report within its territory . Daily NK was founded and then spun off by the Network for North Korean Democracy and Human Rights Network , a nonprofit organization that aims to promote human rights in North Korea . Daily NK has received tens of thousands of dollars in funding from the National Endowment for Democracy , a U.S. nonprofit organization that is supported financially by the U.S. Congress through the Department of State . The Korean Central News Agency report over the weekend expressed anger that the Daily NK report had coincided with Pyongyang 's own announcement of a prisoner amnesty in connection with the birthdays this year of two late North Korean dictators -- Kim Jong Il and his father , Kim Il Sung , the founder of the North Korean nation . "  This evil deed could be done only by the despicable guys hell-bent on letting loose invectives and telling lies , " the KCNA report said . North Korea has not specified how many prisoners will be released under amnesty , due to begin February 1 . International organizations estimate that the North Korean regime holds approximately 200,000 political prisoners .	The state-run North Korean news agency attacks "  misinformation " from "  reptile media " South Korean website reports North Koreans were punished for not mourning enough The mourning concerns Kim Jong Il , the North Korea leader who died last month The South Korean report is based on an anonymous source inside North Korea
CNN  -- Europe 's top soccer teams will play their Champions League semifinals this week after opting to undertake grueling bus journeys to avoid the flight restrictions enforced due to the volcanic ash from Iceland which has paralyzed air travel in the region . Titleholders Barcelona have begun a 1,000-kilometer road trip from northern Spain to Italy for the first leg of Tuesday night 's semifinal against Inter Milan . The Catalan club 's Web site reported that the squad left on Sunday afternoon for a 634 km trip to Cannes in France , where they will stay overnight before completing the further 351 km to Milan . Spanish leaders Barcelona drew 0-0 with city rivals Espanyol on Saturday night , but midfielder Sergio Busquets told reporters on Sunday afternoon that the difficult schedule was no excuse for not performing well at Inter 's San Siro . "  We are in with a chance to reach another final and we do n't want to throw that away . We have been having a lot of big games and it 's not the ideal way to travel to Milan , but there can be no excuses , " he said , according to Barcelona 's Web site . "  Maybe spending so long together on a coach will bring us closer and help us focus on beating Inter . It 's a long time on the road and we 're not really used to that , but with music and a film or two , I 'm sure the trip wo n't seem so long . " French club Lyon also have a long journey ahead for the first leg of their last-four clash with German leaders Bayern Munich on Wednesday . Lyon had to travel 600 km home following Saturday 's 2-2 draw with French champions Bordeaux which effectively ended both side 's domestic title hopes with five matches to play . The squad will be back on the bus again for a 750 km trip to Bavaria , stopping overnight in the Swiss city of Zurich before arriving in Germany on Tuesday . "  Seven hours on the bus was n't easy . We did n't sleep , but it was a good chance for a chat , " captain Cris said in quotes carried by Bayern 's Web site on Sunday . "  It 'll be a total of 10 hours on the bus , which is hard , " the Brazilian said of the next stage of the journey . "  But there 's no choice and we have to accept it . " European football 's governing body UEFA said on Sunday that decisions about Thursday 's semifinals of the second-tier Europa League would be made in the next few days . Liverpool must travel to Spain to play Atletico Madrid , while fellow English club Fulham must go to Germany to take on Hamburg in the first legs of their last-four ties . The UEFA Women 's Champions League semifinal between Umea IK and Lyon in Sweden scheduled for Sunday was postponed as the French side could not travel .	UEFA announces that Champions League semifinals will go ahead this week Titleholders Barcelona and Lyon will undertake long bus trips to Italy and Germany Barcelona play first leg away to Inter Milan , while Lyon face Bayern Munich UEFA yet to make a decision on Thursday 's European League semifinal fixtures
CNN  -- As Jane Austen 's classic comedy of manners , "  Pride and Prejudice " reaches 200 , its heroine Elizabeth Bennet is being hailed as one of literature 's best-loved ladies . But which other fictional women do we love , admire or sometime fear ? Who are the powerful , striking and independent women fighting hardest for our attention through the pages of literature ? The Leading Women team has drawn up an entirely subjective list of some of our favorite fictional heroines . But we know you 'll have other ideas . We 'd love to hear your favorites in the comments box below . They are  in no particular order  : Jo March "  Little Women , " by Louisa May Alcott  1868 Why we love her : Like her creator , Jo March is one of four sisters living in 19th century New England , and most critics agree she is the one who most closely resembles Alcott . Jo is a tomboy , strong-minded and independent , at a time when girls were more often expected to stay at home . The spin-off : In the 145 years since it was written , "  Little Women " has been made into at least three feature films  with Jo played by Katharine Hepburn in 1933 , June Allyson in 1949 and Winona Ryder in 1994  , several TV series and even a Japanese animated television series . Sample quote : "  If I were n't going to be a writer I 'd go to New York and pursue the stage . Are you shocked ? " Anna Karenina "  Anna Karenina , " by Leo Tolstoy  1873 Why we love her : Rebellious and unhappily married socialite Karenina begins an affair with the dashing Count Vronsky . Their passion pits them against the norms of 19th century Russian high society and forces Karenina to make stark choices about how to live a fulfilling life . The spin-offs : A 2012 film starring Keira Knightley and Jude Law is the latest in a long line of adaptations for the big and small screen . Sample quote : "  I simply want to live ; to cause no evil to anyone but myself " Hermione Granger "  Harry Potter " series , by J.K.Rowling  2001 Why we love her : The brightest of the main characters , Granger starts the series as an annoying know-it-all , but grows into a smart beauty , who is determined and loyal to her friends . J.K.Rowling has described Granger of an exaggeration of her own youth . The spin-offs : The series of seven "  Harry Potter " books , all adapted into major films made J.K.Rowling a multi-millionaire . Granger was played on screen by Emma Watson . Sample quote : "  Books ! And cleverness ! There are more important things -- friendship and bravery . " Mariam "  A Thousands Splendid Suns , " by Khaled Hosseini  2007 Why we love her : Married against her will at the age of 15 to an abusive man 30 years her senior in Kabul , the novel does n't start well for Mariam . Twenty years later , when 15-year-old Laila moves into her household as her husband 's second wife , the two women strike up a deep bond against a backdrop of Taliban brutality and war in Afghanistan . The spin-offs : Columbia Pictures is expected to make a movie , scheduled for release in 2015 . Sample quote : "  Why have you pinned your little heart to an old , ugly hag like me ? " She murmurs into Aziza 's hair . "  Huh ? I am a nobody , do n't you see ? A dehati . What have I got to give you ? " She has found in this little creature the first true connection in her life of false , failed connections . Jane Eyre "  Jane Eyre , " by Charlotte Bronte  1847 Why we love her : After a rotten childhood in 19th century England , Jane Eyre becomes a governess and falls in love with her employer , Mr Rochester . She 's a strong and complex character who manages to get back on her feet after countless setbacks . The spin-offs : The most famous of its many film adaptations are a 1943 version starring Orson Welles and Joan Fontaine and a 2011 version with Mia Wasikowska in the title role . Sample quote : "  I have now been married 10 years . I know what it is to live entirely for and with what I love best on earth . I hold myself supremely blest -- blest beyond what language can express . " Lady Macbeth "  Macbeth , " William Shakespeare  1611 Why we love her : You ca n't love Lady Macbeth , perhaps , but there is something to admire in her ruthless determination . Lady Macbeth urges her husband to kill the King of Scotland to seize the crown herself . Ultimately , though , she falls victim to guilt and madness . The spin-offs : Macbeth is arguably the best-known play by the world 's best-known playwright and has hardly been off the stage since it was first performed in 1611 . Sample quote : Discussing the arrival of King Duncan , the ambitious and often ruthless Lady Macbeth illustrates how far she is willing  and ready  to go to seize the throne . "  Come , you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts , unsex me here , And fill me from the crown to the toe top-full Of direst cruelty . " Aibeleen Clark "  The Help , " by Kathryn Stockett  2009 Why we love her : Aibeleen is a black maid raising her 17th white child in 1960s Mississippi , while nursing the pain of losing her own son . When she finds the courage to tell her story to an aspiring writer , she inspires others to do the same and unleashes big waves in a small community . The spin-offs : Aibeleen was played by Viola Davis in the successful 2011 film adaptation . Sample quote : "  We ai n't ... we ai n't doing civil rights here . We just telling stories like they really happen . " Scout Finch "  To Kill a Mocking Bird , " by Harper Lee  1960 Why we love her : Scout is the narrator of this much-loved Pulitzer Prize-winning novel dealing with racial injustice in the American Deep South . As a tomboyish child , Scout is able to ask questions that an adult ca n't while trying to make sense of the events she witnesses . The spin-offs : It was made into a film in 1962 , with Scout played by a 10-year-old Mary Badham . Sample quote : "  I never understood her preoccupation with heredity . Somewhere , I had received the impression that Fine Folks were people who did the best they could with the sense they had , but Aunt Alexandra was of the opinion , obliquely expressed , that the longer a family had been squatting on one patch of land the finer it was . " Dominique Francon "  The Fountainhead , " by Ayn Rand  1943 Why we love her : Set in a man 's world of architects in 1920s and 30s New York City , Dominique has a pessimistic world view , which leads to her marry two men she despises . She eventually learns to find happiness with a man she loves and accept a more positive view on society . Sample quote : "  Ask anything of men . Ask them to achieve wealth , fame , love , brutality , murder , self-sacrifice . But do n't ask them to achieve self-respect . They will hate your soul . " Masami Aomame "  1Q84 , " by Haruki Murakami  first published in Japanese , 2009 . English translation 2011 Why we love her : Aomame lives an alternate reality as an assassin in a fictionalized Tokyo of 1984 avenging victims of domestic violence . Her strange world eventually converges with that of a man she fell in love with when they were both 10 years old . It 's not conventional reading , but if you can make sense of it , you 'll probably love Aomame . The spin-offs : The latest offering from superstar author Murakami has been enormously successful in Japan . No news of adaptations so far . Sample quote : "  If you can love someone with your whole heart , even one person , then there 's salvation in life . Even if you ca n't get together with that person . "	Pride and Prejudice celebrates its 200th birthday this week The novel 's heroine Elizabeth Bennet is being recognized as one of fictions greatest heroines But who else makes your favorite fictional femme list ? Tell us in the comments below
CNN  -- Thousands of children in England have been sexually exploited by gangs or groups of men or are at high risk of sexual exploitation , according to a report released Wednesday . The report , which calls for urgent action to protect young people , comes amid wide public concern prompted by revelations of child abuse by a former BBC TV presenter , Jimmy Savile . Read more : Belittling kids as harmful as beating , study finds There were 2,409 victims of child sexual exploitation in gangs or groups from August 2010 to October 2011 , the inquiry by the Office of the Children 's Commissioner found . Another 16,500 children in England were identified as being at high risk of sexual exploitation during the year from April 2010 to March 2011 . Read more : Britain tense as gangs roam , violence flares in London , other cities Maggie Atkinson , Children 's Commissioner for England , described the report , titled "  I thought I was the only one . The only one in the world , " as "  a wake-up call " for the nation . The report is based on the findings from the first year of a two-year study , based on evidence from the government , police , local authorities , health services , voluntary workers and young people . Read more : Sex abusers prey on kids ' trust , thrive on shame Deputy Children 's Commissioner Sue Berelowitz , who is leading the inquiry , said : "  The reality is that each year thousands of children in England are raped and abused by people seeking to humiliate , violate and control them . The impact on their lives is devastating . Read more : Sandusky gets at least 30 years for child sex abuse "  These children have been abducted , trafficked , beaten and threatened after being drawn into a web of sexual violence sometimes by promises of love and sometimes simply because they know there is no alternative . Read more : BBC settles politician 's libel claim in child abuse story for $ 293,000 "  This abuse and violence can be relentless and take place anywhere -- as they go home from school , as they walk to the shops , in their local park . " Berelowitz said the study found the majority of perpetrators were male and that they ranged in age from young adolescents to older men . Read more : UK man charged after children given trick-or-treat cocaine bags "  The evidence is clear that they come from all ethnic groups and so do their victims -- contrary to what some may wish to believe , " she said . In a high-profile court case earlier this year , nine men were jailed for "  grooming , " sexually abusing and raping five girls , one of them only 13 , in Rochdale , Greater Manchester . The men were all of Asian origin and the girls were white , prompting questions over whether the perpetrators ' ethnic origin was a factor in their actions or in the failure of local authorities to uncover the child abuse ring sooner . Read more : Retired bishop , priest arrested on child sex abuse charges The report suggests better record-keeping is needed in order for the ethnicity of perpetrators in gangs , many of whom are never arrested or convicted for sexually exploiting minors , to be tracked . The victims come from a range of ethnic backgrounds but 28 % are from black or minority backgrounds -- higher than previously thought , the report says . Of the 2,409 victims reported to the inquiry , 155 were identified as also being perpetrators of child sexual exploitation , in what the report describes as a "  deeply troubling " overlap . Read more : Ex-Scout tells of abuse at hands of TV presenter Jimmy Savile Atkinson , the Children 's Commissioner for England , urged people to look out for the signs of sexual exploitation in young people around them . "  Each and every one of us owes it to all victims to be vigilant , to listen and to act to stop the sexual exploitation of children , " she said . The report 's list of warning signs includes children going missing from home , care homes or school ; repeated sexually transmitted infections ; committing crimes ; misuse of drugs or alcohol ; self harm and other physical injuries . Alastair Campbell : Despite its failings and our past clashes , I back BBC The issue of child sexual exploitation is in the forefront of many people 's minds following wide UK media coverage of a series of scandals . The furor erupted several weeks ago with the claims against Savile , who died last year but who police now believe sexually abused as many as 300 young women and girls , sometimes on BBC premises , in past decades . Two other men have been arrested in connection with the investigation . Read more : Police probe hospital abuse claims against TV host Jimmy Savile Also in the past month , a BBC program looking into historic sex abuse allegations at children 's homes in Wales in the 1970s and 1980s alleged that a Conservative , Thatcher-era politician , whom it did not name , had been among the children 's abusers . Internet speculation over who that politician might be led to Lord McAlpine being falsely identified via Twitter . He is now planning multiple libel suits , and the BBC has already settled . A number of government inquiries have been launched as a result of questions over how past allegations were handled . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	Report : 2,400 children were victims of sexual exploitation by gangs or groups over 14 months Another 16,500 young people in England were at high risk of being sexually exploited The report comes in the wake of a series of scandals involving sexual abuse of children Its findings are a wake-up call , says the children 's commissioner for England
CNN  -- Australian Sam Stosur continued her giant-killing habit at the French Open by beating top seed Serena Williams to book a place in the final four . Stosur , who eased past four-time champion Justine Henin in the previous round , triumphed 6-2 6-7 8-6 in two hours and 24 minutes at Roland Garros . The seventh seed will play Jelena Jankovic in the semifinal after the Serb beat Yaroslava Shvedova , from Kazakhstan , 7-5 6-4 . It means there will be a brand new Grand Slam winner by the end of the week , with none of the final four yet to break their duck at the major championships . The match went with serve in the opening set until Stosur won five games in a row with some scintillating tennis , to clinch the first 6-2 . Stosur continued strongly in the second to go 5-3 up before Williams rallied and leveled at 5-5 . The top seed went on to take it on a tie-break . In a tense deciding set breaks were exchanged early on before Williams edged ahead to lead 5-4 . Stosur held her nerve to survive a match point and go on to take the game . With the match locked at 6-6 Stosur rediscovered her blistering form , and fired two winners past Williams to secure a crucial break of serve . Stosur needed no second invitation to wrap up the match on her serve and seal a place in the last four . SI.com : Most impressive women 's feat of year "  It 's two great matches back-to-back for me , which is fantastic , " Stosur told reporters . "  It 's not over yet . Now I 'm in the semis and I want to definitely try and keep going . I made it to this point last year . If I can try and go another set further , then that would be great . " She will meet Jelena Jankovic after the Serb made light work of the unseeded Yaroslava Shvedova . The other semifinal sees Italian Francesca Schiavone face Elena Dementieva .	Sam Stosur defeats top seed Serena Williams in the French Open quarterfinal Stosur triumphs 6-2 6-7 8-6 in two hours and 24 minutes to reach semis Australian will play Jelena Jankovic in last four Jankovic beat Yaroslava Shvedova in straight sets
CNN  -- Nancy Curtis said she wanted proof her son , Peter Theo Curtis , was still alive after being held captive almost two years by Islamist rebels in Syria , she told "  ABC World News Tonight . " She said she insisted intermediaries ask what museum he wrote about in his doctoral dissertation . "  It came back the Western Museum and I thought , ` Yes , that 's right . Nobody would know that . It 's him , he 's alive , ' " she said . Nancy Curtis said she knew exactly who to contact after confirming her son had been released . "  Before I even told my daughter I sat down and I sent an e-mail to Diane Foley , " she said , referring to the mother of slain American journalist James Foley . "  We 've been through so much together and I did n't want her to hear it from the media first . " Peter Theo Curtis , 45 , is believed to have been captured in October 2012 and held by al-Nusra Front , a Syrian rebel group with ties to al Qaeda . "  My heart is full at the extraordinary , dedicated , incredible people , too many to name individually , who have become my friends and have tirelessly helped us over these many months , " his mother said earlier in the day in Cambridge , Massachusetts . "  Please know that we will be eternally grateful . " The United Nations said Curtis was handed over to U.N. peacekeepers in the Golan Heights , which is under Israeli government control , and was given a medical checkup . White House national security adviser Susan Rice said Curtis was safe , no longer in Syria and expected to be reunited with his family shortly . He was on his way to Tel Aviv , according to a senior administration official . Nancy Curtis spoke to her son briefly by phone Sunday . "  He sounded so happy and excited to be free , " she said . He told her "  I ca n't believe they let me out . " His cousin Viva Hardigg said , "  We 've heard that his health appears good . That was very encouraging . " The United States was not involved in negotiations for his release but was aware of private efforts to secure the release , two U.S. law enforcement officials said . It 's not known whether any ransom was paid , the officials said . Curtis ' release comes just five days after ISIS militants released a video of one of its militants beheading Foley . "  Particularly after a week marked by unspeakable tragedy , we are all relieved and grateful knowing that Theo Curtis is coming home after so much time held in the clutches of  al-Nusra Front  , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement . When asked ealier in the day about the death of James Foley , Nancy Curtis began to weep . "  I feel so bad for their family . Diane  Foley 's mother  has become a good friend of mine , and I 'm just so heartbroken for their loss . " Author and journalist CNN obtained two videos that appear to have been recorded during the late stages of Curtis ' captivity . In one , a gun is pointed at his head , and Curtis speaks rapidly , as if under duress . He gives his name and the date and says he is a journalist from Boston . Curtis is an author and freelance reporter who writes under the name Theo Padnos . He contributed articles about the Middle East to various publications , including the New Republic , The Huffington Post and the London Review of Books . He has also published two books : "  My Life Had Stood a Loaded Gun , " a memoir about teaching literature to young offenders at a correctional facility in Vermont , and "  Undercover Muslim : A Journey into Yemen , " which investigates Islamic extremism . He was born in Atlanta and graduated from Middlebury College in Vermont . Curtis holds a doctorate in comparative literature from the University of Massachusetts and is fluent in French and Arabic , according to a statement from his family . He also speaks German and Russian . "  Theo has a deep concern and regard for the people of Syria , " his mother said , "  which is why he returned during the war . He wanted to help others and to give meaning and to bear witness to their struggles . "  I am very fortunate that I do not have to tell his whole story . He eventually will be able to do so himself . " President Barack Obama has been briefed on Curtis ' release and "  shares in the joy and relief that we all feel now that Theo is out of Syria and safe , " said White House spokesman Eric Schultz . "  But we continue to hold in our thoughts and prayers the Americans who remain in captivity in Syria -- and we will continue to use all of the tools at our disposal to see that the remaining American hostages are freed . " Former cellmate speaks In August , CNN spoke to Curtis ' former cellmate in Syria , Matthew Schrier . They were locked up together in six prisons before Schrier broke free by climbing through a window . "  I took apart the screen , pushed the sandbags aside , and I got stuck , around my waist , so I had to reach in . I unbuckled my pants , and as soon as I unbuckled my pants I shot right out , " Schrier said . Curtis was n't as lucky . He got stuck . Schrier said he tried to get Curtis out , but he simply did n't fit , and so Schrier left , promising to get help . "  It was one of the hardest things I ever had to do , " Schrier said . "  It 's hard to move on , because he 's still there . You know , it has n't ended yet 100 % , " he said then . "  I 'm not going to have closure until he 's home . " Fears heightened for Western hostages Why freelance reporting is so dangerous Foley 's murder : ' A message to Britain ' CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Jim Acosta , Mary Grace Lucas , Evan Perez , Jethro Mullen , Lawrence Crook III and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	Nancy Curtis said she e-mailed James Foley 's mother with the news Peter Theo Curtis is a freelance journalist and author He had been held for nearly two years by Islamist militants U.N. peacekeepers in the Golan Heights facilitated his handover
CNN  -- The message was cryptic . Two words . No context , no punctuation , just : "  inviting coworkers " But that short statement proved to be enough to launch a global phenomenon that has launched careers , reunited long-lost relatives , and even , some would argue , topple dictators . It was the first tweet . Since Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey posted it on March 21 , 2006 , Twitter has registered nearly 200 million users who now post more than a billion tweets every week . Dorsey has spent the last few days tweeting a timeline of sorts , sharing what he was doing just before the big launch . On Sunday , he tweeted : "  5 yrs ago today , the eve of launching twttr to the company . Moving from @Biz , @florian & me , to all of our peers using it . Nervous . #twttr " His anxiety certainly paid off . Since its launch , Twitter has played a role in a wide range of headline-making events , from the Egyptian revolution to Charlie Sheen 's battle with CBS . It 's also become a business tool , with many major companies now using accounts to advertise deals and encourage word-of-mouth marketing . Twitter 's importance in communication was made plain during the moments after Japan 's earthquake and tsunami this month . Twitter says it set a record of 6,939 tweets per second immediately after the 9.0-magnitude quake struck on March 11 , and 177 million tweets went out as the day wore on . It took three years , two months and a day for Twitter to get to one billion tweets . The site now averages 140 million tweets a day . Twitter is a privately-held company , so its finances are not made public . Last month , the Wall Street Journal reported that suitors were valuing it at $ 8 to $ 10 billion .	The first tweet was posted by co-founder Jack Dorsey on March 21 , 2006 Twitter now has nearly 200 million users posting 140 million tweets a day It has played a role in events from Charlie Sheen 's battle with CBS to the Egyptian revolution
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- Heroin , cocaine and amphetamines are the kind of street drugs you expect to find in the shady corners of any city , hiding away from the glare of law enforcement . But in one small space in downtown Vancouver addicts openly inject their fixes -- as medics watch on . This is InSite , North America 's only legal safe drug injection center . A banner outside reads "  InSite saves lives . " It 's a facility where drug addicts can bring and use their drugs and not risk arrest . Some of the addicts line up two or three times a day to use one of the 12 injection booths . One of the first users of the day is Steve . The center opens at 10 a.m. and then runs steadily for 18 hours until 4 a.m. Approximately 800 people use the booths every day . Steve gives his alias to the receptionist -- all InSite users have an official alias to protect their identity -- and moves into the injection room . He takes a seat and calmly begins to prepare his hit of heroin . He uses the clean needle and sterile equipment provided by InSite . The white powder is mixed with water in a spoon , gently heated with a candle , before being drawn into the syringe , and injected into the inside of Steve 's elbow . It 's not for the squeamish . There 's quite a lot of blood . With fluorescent lighting and lots of mirrors , the atmosphere is clinical , even as the room fills with drug addicts focused on one task only -- feeding their addiction . Medical staff are on hand and watching closely . If needed they can help addicts find the right vein to shoot up into -- something which can be tricky for long-term users . But their main job is to step in when a user overdoses . Steve has overdosed here three times . "  I 'm glad it was here -LSB- where I overdosed -RSB- . It 's still in my hope that maybe I can get clean . I 'm only 48 . And that 's why these places ... it 's just , it 's common sense ! When you have a problem that 's grown for whatever reason to the epic proportions that it has in this city , it 's time to come up with a really good solution , and this is it . " Vancouver is regularly lauded as one of the best places in the world to live . It 's famously the city where you can ski in the morning , and swim in the afternoon . But the quality of life in the alleyways behind InSite is something altogether different . The Downtown East side is often labeled as the poorest postal code in Canada , which stands in stark contrast to the rest of the city 's red hot real estate market . The alleyways are full of thousands of drug addicts , prostitutes and dealers . Vancouver Police Department estimates that these few blocks are home to more than 5,000 intravenous drug users . In the alleys we meet Liane -- another long-term user - who has used InSite since it opened in 2003 . She is articulate , educated , and angry . She says that without InSite addicts would be still be getting high but without any of the medical oversight . To many around the world it may seem astonishing that a place like InSite exists . But for the people in the nearby streets who use it , it 's a lifeline . Clean needles stop the spread of infections like HIV and Hepatitis C , and daily access to medical staff is all the more important for people living in harsh , exposed conditions . In 1997 , Vancouver had the highest rate of HIV in the developed world . Using InSite makes sense , says Liane . It relieves the pressure of shooting up behind rubbish bins , or using dirty puddle water , or relying on a shared needle . "  We have to stop making it a moral issue and realise that this is a medical problem . Remember us addicts , we 're somebody 's mothers , we 're somebody 's sister , we 're somebody 's daughter -- we 're not just a number -- the next time you pass me on the street and shake your head . " Of course not everyone agrees with safe injection sites . Author , actor , and addiction counselor , David Berner , opened Canada 's first ever residential treatment center for addicts back in 1967 . He firmly believes that the best harm reduction strategies are centered on abstinence . "  There 's only one problem with this place -LSB- InSite -RSB- . It ignores completely the mechanics of addiction . What are the mechanics of addiction ? The mechanics of addiction are I want more . "  I understand reaching out and saying , ` Betty , Jack , you want to get clean ? Let 's go do some work . Let 's get clean . It can happen , you can do it . ' I do n't understand , ` here 's a needle , go shoot some more . ' " InSite is funded by taxpayers , at a cost of $ 3 million Canadian per year . It says for every tax dollar spent , four are saved , by preventing expensive medical treatments for addicts further down the line . The center has some support from the mayor , local government and some residents . The opening of InSite was a major campaign issue in Vancouver 's 2002 civic elections . Supervised injection sites are not supported , however , by the Canadian federal government . Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's opposition to InSite is well-documented . Speaking in 2005 , he said : "  We as a government will not fund drug use . " His then health minister , Tony Clement , went further in a 2008 letter to Canada 's "  Globe and Mail " newspaper : "  A more apt analogy of what InSite does ... would be a doctor holding a cigarette to make sure a smoker does n't burn his lips , or watching a woman with cardiac problems eat fatty French fries to ensure she swallows them properly . " The site is allowed to stay open only with a special license -- the result of a bitter battle with the Canadian government that went to the Canadian Supreme Court . In September 2011 judges ruled in favor of keeping InSite open against the wishes of Prime Minister Harper . The court said InSite allows drug addicts access to the same healthcare as other Canadian citizens . The dramatic Supreme Court ruling set a precedent and other cities in Canada , including Toronto and Montreal , had been watching closely . Councilor Gord Perks is chairman of the Toronto Drug Strategy . "  The Supreme Court ruling is a game changer . Now actually it 's the law of the land that we have to provide equal access to medical services , including to people with drug addiction . So we 've made progress . " A four-year study into the viability of injection rooms in Ontario province recommended three sites in Toronto , and two more in Ottawa - the nation 's capital . But the findings of the Toronto and Ottawa Supervised Consumption Assessment Study  TOSCA  , published in 2012 , were swiftly rejected by the Toronto city administration . Toronto 's drug problem is not as visible as Vancouver 's but it 's still there , with about 9,000 people in the city shooting up daily . As TOSCA revealed , more than 50 percent of the public supported the opening of an injection room in Ontario . Perks thinks it 's only a matter of time . "  We 've started to get people to face the very difficult fact that if you do not provide this medical service you are killing people . And I think it 's only a few years away until we have a supervised injection site here in Toronto . " Injection rooms exist in a number of countries . The first opened in Switzerland in 1986 , and since then Australia , Norway , Spain , Germany and others have followed suit . Accepting injection rooms as a legitimate part of drug strategy is hard for Berner to comprehend . "  It 's more humane to help a person stay stupid ? To help a person stay enslaved ? You do n't need to have heroin or needles or crack pipe kits to entice people to health . You could approach people and say , "  let me look at that sore . I 'm a nurse . Let 's clean you up a bit . " " But for people like Liane , it 's a harsh reality that she may never get off drugs . She has been using for 20 years and InSite is her best hope of staying connected with medical and welfare services . "  I 'm entitled to healthcare , and being treated like a human being , and not being looked at as somebody that is n't , somebody you do n't want to talk about , like a dirty little secret . "  InSite in general , it 's saved my life once , and it saved my husband 's life on three different occasions . " She has a swift retort when asked whether other cities should open injection rooms . "  Do they have drug users ? And if the answer is yes , then the answer is embrace it . " Todd Schwarzchild contributed to this report	Safe haven in Vancouver allows drug addicts to shoot up safely and without fear of arrest Controversially , InSite does not require addicts to try to kick their habits Supreme Court ruled it should stay open as it was giving access to medical care InSite is the only legal safe haven facility in North America
CNN  -- The Syrian cab driver tolerated beatings , arrests and daily indignities during the country 's 16 months of turmoil . But after a rocket struck his house in the Daraa province city of Herak last week , the man and his family finally had enough . The 29-year-old Sunni man , his wife , two young daughters and other relations left their homes on July 16 and embarked on a journey at night to the nearby Jordanian border . He was among the more than 120,000 people who 've fled to the neighboring countries -- Turkey , Iraq , Lebanon and Jordan -- to escape the warring in Syria . Syrian military stretched amid defection , fighting The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Antonio Guterres , on Friday expressed his growing concern for the dramatic flight . "  With the spread of deadly violence , I am gravely concerned for the thousands of Syrian civilians and refugees who have been forced to flee their homes , " Guterres said . The driver 's story punctuates the misery across the restive nation , engulfed in what is now regarded as a civil war between Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government and its foes . The cabbie is one of millions who have had to wrestle with whether they should brave staying or resort to leaving . The man , who answered questions from CNN via translators at the Bashabsheh resettlement camp in Jordan , did n't want his name used . But he cited many factors that led to what was a spontaneous trip to the border . "  It had been increasingly difficult to work as a driver due to stricter and more frequent road checkpoints and fear of random arrests and imprisonment , " he said . "  Everybody in Daraa is being targeted by Syrian security because the revolution started there . " The miseries of daily life hit home , he said . "  Shopping for milk for the children was risky . Medical care became inaccessible . " He had been apprehended twice , once in June 2011 when he was arrested in his taxi at a checkpoint and beaten up while taking a man to visit his wife , in labor at a hospital . Two months later , he was arrested while waiting in his taxi for three men in a money-exchange shop . Security officers accused the three of arranging a demonstration . They arrested the men and the taxi driver . The driver was beaten up . Tide fleeing Syria swells He was scared about the psychological well-being of his daughter , growing anxious over the sounds of gunfire and war . He thinks that his participation in peaceful demonstrations may have put him at great risk . He and his family , along with two of his sisters and their children , went to an assembly where the Free Syrian Army helps fleeing Syrians . Women and children traveled to the border in vehicles and the men walked as the Jordanian army waited for them to arrive . The cab driver said he and the other refugees regularly commiserate about life . "  The greatest difficulties are leaving houses , their country and their life . It is difficult to accept , but there is no choice because of the children , " the driver said . "  Seeking asylum is the worst thing in life . " U.N. refugee officials , neighboring governments and non-governmental agencies have been working to help refugees , and the United Nations recently launched a drive for $ 193 million to help refugees . The plan has received about a quarter of the amount needed . Syrians have been trickling out of the country during the conflict but those numbers have tripled since April , the U.N. refugee agency said . The latest U.N. number is that as of Wednesday , 120,000 have sought protection but the refugee agency says the local governments count many more . Time to drop the Annan plan The number of Syrians now in camps in Turkey has surpassed 43,000 , disaster and emergency officials from that country said . The U.N. refugee agency said recently it has registered well over 30,000 in both Lebanon and Jordan . But the flight is fluid . There are reports of 8,500 to 30,000 people crossing into Lebanon in a two-day period . More than 8,000 have crossed the border into Iraq . "  I am extremely grateful Jordan , Lebanon , Iraq and Turkey have maintained open borders , " Guterres said . One irony is that Iraqis who had fled to Syria because of war and instability have been touched by the unrest . Some , for example , have had to flee the Damascus suburb of Seida Zeinab , and an Iraqi family was found dead in Damascus . "  I fear for the civilians caught up in the violence in Damascus , including the large Iraqi refugee population residing there , " Guterres said . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki deplored the attack against Iraqis and urged his fellow citizens to return . He said on Friday those who do n't "  have blood on their hands " will be forgiven , a reference to violence during the war . "  We appeal to the United Nations to intervene promptly and in cooperation with the Syrian authorities to protect Iraqis and help them and to facilitate the process of return to Iraq , " he said . U.N. officials say they think the flight inside the country is greater than the flight across its borders . Maybe as many as a million have fled , but it is impossible to determine an accurate figure of internally displaced people , the U.N. refugee agency said . As for the refugees , Panos Moumtzis , Syria regional refugee coordinator for the United Nations , said many cross through unofficial border points during the night . About 75 percent of those registered by the United Nations are women and children , and most of them are Sunnis , who make up the majority of Syrians and a bulk of the opposition to al-Assad 's regime . Moumtzis said the sprawling and restive Homs province has been the top place of refugee origin . People have fled Damascus and its suburbs as well as Daraa in recent days as fighting persists . People leave simply because they no longer feel safe . Many are destitute or have depleted savings and arrive with only the "  clothes on their back . " Moumtzis said there 's a "  direct correlation between fighting and a wave of refugees . " "  People escaped from areas where there 's been heavy shelling , " he said . " ... They arrive quite traumatized and in an emotional fragile state . " They are relying entirely on humanitarian assistance , even though there are some employment opportunities , such as farm work in Jordan , he said . The governments , the United Nations and non-government groups are providing food , schooling , and health care , and are steering refugees to or providing them with accommodations , either in camps or apartments . Each country where people seek refuge poses different conditions and challenges . The security situation in Lebanon is extremely fragile , officials and observers say . There has been fighting in Tripoli between pro-Assad and anti-Assad groups . Moumtzis said Turkey has well-organized refugee camps and the country has served as a passage for traveling to other nations . Cyprus is gearing up for third-country nationals as it did during the Israeli-Hezbollah war last decade . Many of the refugees to Iraq are young Syrian Kurdish men who want to avoid military service . That group tends to go to Iraq 's Kurdish region . Some refugees are living with friends are families and do n't register with the United Nations . Some fear Syrian government retribution if they sign up with the United Nations , creating a paper trail . A 38-year-old salesman in the town of Dael , in Daraa province , left Syria with his wife and five children after the impact of a missile hurt her and another missile killed a neighbor . They immediately decided to flee Syria before their children were killed . Living there had been an ordeal , as an environment once harmonious had become replete with attacks and funerals . "  Syrians used to live together -- Kurds , Christians and all Arabs without discrimination , " but Assad is "  planting discrimination , " he said . The Muslim call to prayer , he said , has been changed from "  Allah Akbar " to "  Assad Akbar . " He said pro-government Shabiha militia members once violently coaxed him to pray to al-Assad instead of God . He said "  I love Assad " to cooperate , but would n't pray to him , even with a gun to his head . The salesman followed his brothers ' examples . One escaped to Lebanon and another to Saudi Arabia . But he worries that his married sisters are remaining in Syria and his parents refuse to leave . "  He would go back to Syria today if it were safe , but the reality is dangerous , " the translator who spoke to the salesman said . "  Therefore , for now , he does not know where he will live ; the problem is financial . A sponsor will not provide everything . He does not know about the cost of rent , cooking , etc. . He does not know if he can support his family . " Why Syria could get even uglier	There 's a "  direct correlation " between fighting and refugee flight Children 's safety is a top factor in deciding to leave the country Iraq 's PM asks Iraqi refugees in Syria to return home
CNN  -- First , there was "  Flying While Muslim . " This expression summed up the extra challenges of being an American Muslim when flying on commercial airlines . This situation has become almost accepted as part of the American Muslim experience . In fact , I have even comically offered advice to people in my community on how to avoid extra problems when they fly : "  Dress white , make your flight . Dress brown , never leave town . " But now there is something new : "  Studying While Muslim . " And there is nothing funny about it . Documents obtained by The Associated Press reveal that for the past few years , the New York Police Department has been engaged in the weekly surveillance of American Muslim college groups at 16 schools across the Northeast , including New York University , Yale , Rutgers and the University of Pennsylvania .  The NYPD has neither commented on the number of years that this surveillance was conducted nor if it 's still happening . As part of this secret program , the NYPD generated weekly reports about the Muslim student groups at these schools . They even set up an undercover "  safe house " near the campus of Rutgers University to spy on students . Ironically , that operation ended when the building superintendent became suspicious and called the police thinking the NYPD officers were part of a terrorist cell . The NYPD also sent an undercover officer on a whitewater rafting trip organized by Muslim students at the City College of New York . The NYPD report indicates the students prayed four times a day and talked a lot about the nature of Islam . No mention if Muslims were good at whitewater rafting . On a personal note , in the past years , I have performed standup comedy at shows organized by the Muslim student groups at many of the colleges that were under surveillance . Is my name now in the counter-terrorism files of the NYPD ? So why did the NYPD spend our tax dollars to engage in the weekly undercover surveillance of students at 16 colleges ? Did the NYPD have evidence that students at each of the schools were a threat to America ? Had the FBI warned the NYPD to be on the lookout for terrorists disguised as college students ? Did the NYPD 's research reveal that al Qaeda operatives love to go whitewater rafting ? Nope . It was simply because these students were Muslim . Apparently , to the NYPD , being Muslim equals probable cause . No one should be surprised by this new revelation concerning the NYPD . After all , in late 2011 , the AP also discovered that the NYPD had been engaged in secret programs -- created with assistance from the CIA -- to monitor American Muslims living in New York City at the places where they eat , shop and worship . Let 's be brutally honest : If the NYPD were engaged in this type of widespread spying on any other religious , ethnic or racial group , the criticism would be deafening . However , because the case involves Muslims , the silence is deafening . There is simply no public outcry and little media coverage . If specific evidence indicated that an American Muslim -- or a person of any faith , for that matter -- were engaged in criminal activity , the police should vigilantly investigate that person . American Muslims are not asking for special rights , just the same rights as all other Americans . Freedom of religion is not just the freedom to pray . It also is the freedom to avoid being harassed or being treated less than American simply because of your faith . That is a bedrock principle of our nation . Authorizing the weekly surveillance of American Muslim students solely predicated on the fact that they are Muslim is wrong . It is profiling at its worst . But the issue of NYPD profiling appears to go beyond Muslims . As the New York Civil Liberties Union recently reported , in 2011 the NYPD detained 684,330 New Yorkers for questioning . Of those stopped , 59 % were black , 26 % were Latino and 9 % were white . To put this in perspective , whites comprise 44 % of New York City residents , but they make up only 9 % of those stopped by the NYPD . But blacks -- who comprise 25 % of New Yorkers -- represent 59 % of those stopped and questioned by the NYPD . It appears that the use of skin color , ethnicity and religion as the basis for investigations is standard NYPD policy . That is both unconstitutional and morally wrong . NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly needs to make it clear that illegal profiling has no place in his department . If he does not , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg needs to replace him with someone who will respect the rights of all New Yorkers regardless of their race , ethnicity or religion . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Reports found NYPD spied on American Muslim college groups at 16 Northeast colleges Dean Obeidallah : If NYPD had spied on any other group or faith , people would be outraged Freedom of religion also means freedom from harassment for your faith , he writes Obeidallah : Commissioner Raymond Kelly must stop NYPD 's illegal profiling
CNN  -- Their CVs combined look like the envy of all bona fide air adventurers . Pioneering ultralight aircraft ? Been there . Setting world records by circling the globe nonstop in a balloon ? Done that . Commanding the first ever 24-hour flight on a plane powered just by the sun ? Yep , you 've guessed it . And now , following 12 years of complex designs and intense training , aviation pioneers Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg are set to conquer new heights , taking up the challenge of the first solar flight around the globe . The Swiss duo unveiled last week Solar Impulse 2 , a revolutionary aircraft designed to achieve the longest ever flight in the history of aviation in terms of duration for a single pilot . It will attempt to fly non-stop for 120 hours  yes , that 's five successive days and nights  over oceans and continents without a drop of fuel . Made of carbon fiber , Solar Impulse 2 is the evolution of a prototype that has smashed several aviation records in recent years , including the first fully solar-powered overnight flight lasting 26 hours in 2010 . The upgraded plane has a huge wingspan of 72 meters , wider than a standard Boeing 747 , and weighs only 2,300 kilos -- that 's about as heavy as a family car . Its wings are covered with a skin of 17,000 solar cells that supply four electric motors with renewable energy , while its custom-made lithium batteries are able to store enough solar energy throughout the day to keep the ultralight plane flying at night . "  What we have now is the first airplane in the world which has unlimited endurance , " says 62-year-old Borschberg , a father of three , who was the one in the cockpit in 2010 's record-breaking flight . "  It can fly a day and a night , it can fly a week , it can fly a month -- theoretically it can fly a year , " he adds . "  It 's the most energy efficient airplane ever built . " 20-minute sleeping Inside the airplane 's tiny cockpit , measuring about one and a half the interior volume of a 2013 Mini Cooper , every detail has been calculated to achieve maximum energy efficiency while ensuring the pilot can live there for several days . Its structure is surrounded by a high-density foam to protect the pilot from temperatures ranging from -40  C +40  C in the absence of heating and air conditioning . There is enough space for food , water and oxygen supplies , while a multipurpose seat , which comes packed with a parachute and a life-raft , functions as a toilet . It also reclines to allow the captain to perform physical exercises to keep blood circulation going as well as take a nap -- but only for up to 20 minutes . "  We 've learned to do what we call polyphasic sleep , " says Borschberg , referring to the practice of sleeping several times over a day . "  You need to know how to rest , how to eat , when to go to the toilet and how to keep the body functioning . Of course , we 've also prepared for the worst -- how to jump out if it 's necessary , how to survive in the ocean with a small life raft and how to get rescued . " To achieve all that , Piccard and Borschberg have spent countless days and nights inside flight simulators over the last few years . But while technical training is crucial , Piccard says preparing yourself mentally is as important . "  You have to be ready in your head to really visualize all the solutions , " says Piccard . "  All the positive emotions around the flight that will last five to six days alone over the ocean , and also visualize how to enjoy it -- otherwise it 's very , very difficult . " It runs in the family If there 's someone who knows about difficult , if not impossible , undertakings , then that 's Piccard , a third-generation adventurer . His grandfather was the first man to make it to the stratosphere in a balloon while his father was the first to reach the deepest point of the Earth 's oceans , the Mariana Trench at nearly 11,000 meters . Following in their footsteps , Piccard developed a passion for aviation early on . Starting out as a teenager , he soon became one of the pioneers of ultralight flying and won several hang-glider aerobatics competitions . In March 1999 , he completed the first non-stop round-the-world balloon flight with Brian Jones from the UK , while four years later he joined forces with Borschberg , an aviator , entrepreneur and mechanical engineer , to embark on their lofty mission to build a solar aircraft that could circle the world with no polluting emissions . "  In my family tradition there has always been the scientific exploration and the protection of the environment -- so this is what drives me , " says 56-year-old Piccard , who is also a doctor , psychiatrist , and a father of three . "  To  have an interesting and exciting life but also have a useful life for others , " he adds . Indeed , more than just setting new records , it 's this desire to chart a sustainable path for future generations that seems to motivate the Solar Impulse founders -- when asked whether he was at all afraid of undertaking once again something that 's never been done before , Piccard is unequivocal . "  To be really honest , " he says decisively , "  I am very afraid of living in a world that burns one million tons of oil every hour -- without even counting gas and coal ; a world that is destroying the planet and the environment , " he continues . "  I am much less afraid to fly in a solar-powered airplane because solar power is one of the solutions for the future . A future without fuel Following last week 's unveiling , Piccard and Borschberg are now set to begin test flights in mid-May before embarking on their 35,000-kilometer journey in March 2015 . Starting from the Gulf region in the Middle East , the two pilots will then fly over India , Myanmar and China , cross the Pacific , the United States and the Atlantic with the aim of returning to their departure point . With a sluggish top speed of just 88 miles per hour , each ocean crossing will last five to six days , taking the total flight time up to 20-25 days over the course of a few months . "  Because it 's a single pilot and the plane flies slowly , we 're going to land on every continent and switch the pilot , " explains Piccard . "  So one of us will make the Pacific , one will make the Atlantic ; one will cross China the other one will cross America and so on . " Each stop on their itinerary will last for several days as the Solar Impulse team wants to organize public events to raise awareness about a more sustainable way of life . "  This is really the message we want to spread , " says Piccard . "  With clean technology , with renewable energy we can achieve incredible things without any fuel at all . " READ THIS : Is your flying car finally here ?	Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg have unveiled Solar Impulse 2 The solar-powered aircraft will attempt to circle the globe next year It will have to fly non-stop for five days and nights crossing the Pacific and the Atlantic The aviation pioneers want to raise awareness about clean energy
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Were nine attractive young Turkish women duped and imprisoned in a villa by Internet soft-core porn peddlers ? Or did they simply call in the police to help them break their contract with an Internet contest similar to the reality TV show "  Big Brother " ? A lawyer for the production company , Istanbul Group Electronic Trade Communications and Advertising A.S. , is arguing the latter . In a written statement on the company 's Web site , Hilmi Tufan Cakir denied reports published in the Turkish and international media , that nine women were trapped against their will in an Istanbul villa , while cameras sold their images on the Internet . "  My client organized a contest with reward money , contracts were signed with the contestant girls , " the lawyer 's statement said . "  In accordance with the contracts signed by the nine girls , this contest was to be broadcast on the Internet live . " But on Friday , an officer with a Turkish gendarme unit , told CNN that security forces raided the reality show 's villa earlier this week , after they received a complaint . "  We detained one person , " said the gendarme officer , who asked not to be identified . "  There were eight or nine young girls , some younger then 18 , who were returned to their families . " Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa and detaining a suspect earlier this week . The disputed Web-site is a page of hot pink graphics and photos of scantily clad young women , accompanied by throbbing dance music and the title , "  We Are at Home . " It shows video of the villa and its pool , and flashes photos of the nine female "  contestants " as well as a list of ratings for viewers , who can vote for their favorite lady via cell phone text message . Audience members were also encouraged to send "  virtual gifts " to the contestants , like pink panties , beer , chocolate and a pearl necklace . Each resident of the house had their own introductory video . The women , dressed in mini-skirts and bikinis , pose by the villa 's pool , dance around in revealing outfits , and introduce themselves to the camera . In one segment , a hostess named Zeynep Karacan , who wears a long dress with a plunging neck line , reads from cue cards , introduces viewers to the house and its residents , who enter one-by-one waving to the camera and carrying luggage . According to the Web site 's rating system , the second most popular contestant was woman from the town of Kocaeli who went by the name "  Tugce . " Text on the web-page said she was 18-years old , born on September 14th , 1990 . But in her on-camera appearance , Tugce tells the audience "  I am 16 . " She wears a purple bikini by the pool and goes on to say "  I came here to be discovered . My biggest dream is to be a model . " In Turkish press reports , the women said they signed contracts requiring them to pay fines of more then $ 30,000 if they left the show before it completed filming . This is not the first time scandal has rocked the booming reality TV industry in Turkey . In 2005 , a male contestant from the hit show "  Would You Be My Bride ? " died of an apparent drug overdose after the season wrapped up production . On that show , mothers helped their sons choose a bride . The mother of the young man who killed himself , has since gone on to host another reality match-making TV show .	Police : 8 or 9 young girls , some under 18 , were returned to their families Turkish television showed footage of gendarme officers raiding the villa Women were to take part in a Big Brother-style show on the Internet Report : Women signed contracts requiring them to pay fines if they left show
CNN  -- Opening statements in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial will be heard Monday , April 29 , with the first testimony soon to follow , the judge announced Tuesday . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , claiming the concert promoter was liable in the pop star 's June 25 , 2009 , death . Jury selection concluded Tuesday afternoon with selection of six alternates to back up the 12 jurors chosen Monday . Jackson Lawyer Brian Panish called it a "  good , diverse " jury after the 12 main jurors were seated Monday . The main jury panel includes six men and six women , and there are four male and two females alternates . The trial , which could last three or four months , is expected to include testimony from Prince and Paris Jackson , the singer 's two oldest children , and a list of celebrity witnesses . Jackson died two weeks before his "  This Is It " comeback concerts , organized by AEG Live , were to have debuted in London in summer 2009 . Lawyers for Jackson 's mother , Katherine ; and children , Prince , Paris and Blanket , argue that AEG Live is liable because the company hired and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who used a surgical anesthetic in a fatal effort to treat the singer 's insomnia as he prepared for the comeback concerts . Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and is serving a prison sentence . AEG Live 's lawyers argue that Jackson chose and controlled Murray . The lawsuit seeks a judgment against AEG Live equal to the money Jackson would have earned over the course of his remaining lifetime if he had not died in 2009 . If AEG Live is found liable , it could cost the company several billion dollars , according to estimates of Jackson 's income potential . AEG Live is a subsidiary of AEG , a global entertainment company that was up for sale recently with an $ 8 billion asking price .	Jury selection concluded Tuesday with selection of six alternates The jury includes six men and six women , with four male and two females alternates Michael Jackson 's mother and children say a concert promoter is liable in the pop star 's death AEG Live 's lawyers argue Jackson chose and controlled Dr. Conrad Murray .
CNN  -- Eric Garcetti won the Los Angeles mayoral race , and will become the city 's first elected Jewish mayor . "  Thank you Los Angeles -- the hard work begins but I am honored to lead this city for the next four years , " Garcetti , 42 , wrote on Twitter on Wednesday morning . "  Let 's make this a great city again . " His opponent , Wendy Greuel , was seeking to become the city 's first female mayor . She called Garcetti to offer her congratulations Wednesday morning , the Los Angeles Times reported , and in the afternoon posted a message on her website thanking volunteers and those who voted for her . "  I may not have been able to break through the glass ceiling last night , " said Greuel , 51 , "  but you sure helped me put a crack in it , and because of your work , the next woman candidate in my shoes will crash right through it . " Greuel , who is controller for the nation 's second-largest city , said she is "  determined to continue fighting for all Angelenos , to cut waste and increase efficiency , and above all , to keep our streets and neighborhoods safe . " Garcetti , a city councilman , received 54 % of the 337,000 votes cast ; Greuel got the other 46 % , figures from the city clerk 's office show . Garcetti 's mother is Jewish , and his father , Gil , the former district attorney whose office lost in the O.J. Simpson murder trial in the 1990s , is of Mexican and Italian descent . "  I always felt myself to be Jewish and Latino very comfortably , " Garcetti told the Jewish Journal during the campaign . "  Weekends were both filled with bowls of menudo and lots of bagels . " Los Angeles once had an acting mayor for a couple of weeks who was Jewish . An LA Times column notes that Bernard Cohn , an appointee , served briefly in 1878 after the elected mayor died . Antonio Villaraigosa , the city 's first Latino mayor in more than 130 years , is stepping down after eight years because of term limits . California had a Jewish governor , Washington Bartlett , in 1887 . Garcetti is also the first Los Angeles mayor who can accurately claim that he "  commandeered a snowmobile at the North Pole while on a climate-change fact-finding mission and located Salma Hayek 's lost purse in the frozen tundra , " the Los Angeles Times reports . From history to Hollywood , Los Angeles mayoral race offers it all	NEW : "  You helped me put a crack " in the glass ceiling , Wendy Greuel tells supporters Eric Garcetti once found Salma Hayek 's lost purse at the North Pole , the LA Times reports Garcetti got 54 % of the vote , city clerk figures show He will be L.A. 's first elected Jewish mayor
CNN  -- Mike Coughlan , the Formula One engineer suspended for two years in 2007 following the "  spygate " scandal , has apologized for his actions after returning to the grid with Williams . Coughlan was working for McLaren when he was found to be in possession of confidential documents belonging to rivals Ferrari . The revelation led to his expulsion from the sport , a fine for the team , and the loss of all their constructors ' championship points . However , last month , Coughlan was named chief engineer of the Williams team and he has told the official Formula One website that he is determined to make amends for his actions four years ago . Coughlan said : "  What happened was life-changing because it made me reflect upon myself and my actions . "  Leaving a team and a sport that I love , and then seeing the consequences of my actions on the team and its fans was devastating . "  All I can do now is work hard and try to earn my place back in Formula One . This is what I am determined to do with Williams . " He continued : "  I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to everyone who was affected by my conduct and in particular the people at McLaren and Ferrari and the fans of those teams . "  I sincerely regret my actions and I fully accepted the penalty given to me by the FIA . I can only hope that I can earn back everyone 's respect . " Williams used to be one of the biggest teams in Formula One , but have been in decline for several years . They have not won a grand prix since 2004 and currently lie ninth of the 12 teams on the grid , with just four points from seven races .	Mike Coughlan has apologized for his role in the 2007 "  spygate " F1 scandal Coughlan was suspended after being found in possession of Ferrari documents The former McLaren engineer has now returned to the sport with Williams team
North Chungcheong Province , South Korea  CNN  -- It 's not everyday someone asks you if you 'd be prepared to ride in a fighter jet but when my producer put the question to me several weeks ago I jumped at it . Roaring engines , heat haze on the tarmac , fighter pilots in Aviator sunglasses : What 's not to like ? The South Korean Air Force was offering CNN rare access to its T-50 -- a training fighter developed in South Korea in conjunction with U.S. military contractor Lockheed Martin . In 1997 , just before the Asian financial crisis hit , the government in Seoul made a decision to develop its aerospace industry . The intention was to develop and produce military aircraft to protect the nation 's national security and create a lucrative export industry . The T-50 is their first supersonic training fighter jet . Indonesia has already purchased 16 and at least half a dozen other countries , including the United States , are also interested . Top Gun But my Top Gun moment in this $ 25 million dollar jet would have to wait until I completed a tough preparatory course at the South Korean Aerospace Medical Training Center based in North Chungcheong Province . This is where the country 's fighter pilots come to train . A group of instructors greet us and take us into a briefing room where they run through the checklist for the next four hours . Then after a series of medical questions , my blood pressure is tested and I 'm put into a contraption similar to the "  Gravatron , " an amusement park ride I went on as a kid that spins and sucks you to the wall , to test my body 's aptitude for the pressures of flying at supersonic speeds . "  If you do n't pass 6Gs in the simulator you wo n't be able to go up in the fighter jet , " my instructor informs me matter-of-factly , referring to the simulator 's force of acceleration -- six times that of the normal force of gravity . Extreme forces Dressed in my pilot 's fatigues , I follow the instructor along the long corridor to a room housing an enormous contraption that looked like something belonging NASA . It was a capsule suspended on a long arm pinned to the floor in the middle of room . The basic idea was that it would spin really fast in one direction creating extreme forces of gravity I would have to endure while strapped in . The instructor runs through the bizarre breathing exercises required to help endure the G-forces and stop me blacking out . "  Do this ... say the word ` HICK ' ... hold your breath for 3 seconds ... then quick breaths in and out . Now you practice , " he orders . My attempt results in a choking sound that send me into a fit of giggles , provoking a concerned look from my instructor . After reassuring him that I would keep practicing , I climb the stairs of the simulator and am strapped into the seat with my helmet on . Ahead of me on the screen , I 'm presented with an enormous virtual runway , the horizon and a vast blue sky spanning 270 degrees . I was ready to fly . At least that 's what I thought . Take off The commander in the control room speaks to me through my headset . He can see me in his monitor . "  Now do n't forget to clench your body and breathe , " he says . The capsule starts moving as a computer-generated voice counts down to "  take off . " Suddenly I 'm spinning and there 's an enormous weight on my body . I 'm trying to breathe but the pressure is overwhelming . Then the room goes black and my head jolts forward -- I 've lost consciousness . The simulator grinds to a halt , and I awaken to the concerned voice of my instructor . "  Are you alright ? Coren can you hear me ? " I come to and ask him what happened . "  You got to 6Gs but you only lasted two seconds before you blacked out , " he informs me . "  You need to last 20 seconds to pass the test . " As I climb out of the simulator feeling sick , the instructor smiles at me with a knowing look . "  Do n't worry this is normal . Everyone blacks out the first time . You 'll get it on the next go -- trust me . " Utter dread Twenty minutes later I 'm back in the simulator but this time there 's no sense of excitement , just utter dread . I take deep breaths as the capsule picks up speed . "  3,2,1 ... HICK ... breathe , Coren keep breathing ! " my instructor 's voice commands . I 'm trying to breathe but it feels like a building has collapsed on my chest . I 'm gritting my teeth , clenching my body , desperately trying to fight the G-forces and stop the blood rushing from my brain but I ca n't hold on . I black out again -- this time my eyes roll back in my head . "  Coren , Coren are you ok ? That was better ... you got to 10 seconds , " the voice in the control room says . Only 10 seconds ? How the hell am I going to do this ? As I climb down from the simulator with my legs shaking , the instructor suggests a break and some other tests . I head for a pressure chamber where I have to sit for 40 minutes breathing through a mask to simulate a climb to 25,000 feet . But I 'm feeling cold , struggling to breathe , feeling anxious and desperately fighting the panic that wants to invade my mind and body . Once we reach the desired altitude , the control room asks me to write my name continuously on a piece of paper . By the seventh attempt my writing looks like that of a five year old . I have no control over my hand and I feel like vomiting . But all I can think about is having to get back in the simulator and battle the G-forces . The team decides that I should watch the video of myself during the G-force test to see what I 'm doing wrong . I 'm shocked as I watch the footage of me blacking out -- it 's disturbing . First test passed Determined not to let this happen again I climb back in the simulator . "  Are you ready Coren ? Let 's do 5Gs and see if you can make it , " the voice from the control room suggests . One less G could make the difference . My heart is racing -- I have no choice -- I have to do this . The capsule starts moving and the computer-generated voice is back again . "  3,2,1 ... " The spinning becomes intense within seconds . "  You 're at 5G , let 's go to 6G ... push back Coren ... hold it , breathe , push back ! " The seconds pass so slowly , the capsule feels like it 's spinning out of control and I 'm seeing stars . Suddenly the instructor yells "  Release ! Coren you 've made it . You held on for 23 seconds . Good job ! " I 'm overwhelmed with relief . I finally passed the test and conquered my fear . But the real test was still to come -- up in the heavens . READ MORE : South Korea to pull out citizens from joint industrial zone READ MORE : Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans	South Korean Air Force offers CNN rare access to its T-50 fighter jet Training involves rigorous testing , including surviving G-force simulator Anna Coren passes out twice trying to withstand 6Gs for 20 seconds Simulator is designed to replicate extreme forces of gravity in a jet
CNN  -- Netflix knows you well . The streaming and DVD service knows what you 've rented and streamed and how long it took you to watch . It knows what genres you like and what performers you prefer . Who knows ? It may even have an idea whether you prefer your popcorn lightly salted or slathered with butter .  Do n't want the rest of the world to know ? It 's also testing a privacy mode . It has taken this knowledge and managed to produce a few hits of its own -- not just with audiences , but also within the industry . Netflix is having a moment . Its series , such as "  House of Cards " and "  Orange Is the New Black , " recently picked up 31 Emmy nominations . Wall Street approves of the strategy , having bid up Netflix 's share price 10-fold in the last five years . Emmy nominations 2014 : What we learned And the audience ? Netflix just announced it has cracked 50 million subscribers , more than double the number it had just four years ago . It has taken some old showbiz lessons -- trust the creatives , budget them appropriately -- and added some new twists : Binge-watching . Deep data mining . Exploiting the catalog as if there were nowhere else to go .  From the comments on this Mashable piece , you 'd think Netflix owned the only copy of "  Big Daddy " and had it transferred to flammable nitrate stock . Can it maintain its dominance ? It was n't so long ago that the place was posting losses and alienating customers . Pop culture does n't sit still , and neither does business . Netflix , which helped drive Blockbuster into oblivion , has to watch challenges from distributors such as Amazon and Hulu -- not to mention stay friendly with content providers like movie studios . In the meantime , however , Netflix can offer a few lessons on how to scale the media mountain . 1 . It 's not TV , it 's Netflix . In an interview with CNN 's Brian Stelter , Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos made it clear Netflix was n't going to operate by conventional TV rules . "  Every kind of flavor of  traditional TV  should go out the window , as we have conditioned the universe to expect instant gratification by the Internet , " he said . Netflix 's plan is multifaceted . It has its original series , which give it cachet . But a majority of Netflix watching is of old TV series , as if the service is an old UHF channel offering reruns of classic shows . And then there 's the binge-watching , something anyone who 's ever sat down for a "  Law & Order " marathon is quite familiar with . Finally , there 's the library : tens of thousands of titles at your fingertips . Netflix is on target with its focus on "  instant gratification , " said Jim McKairnes , a former CBS executive who 's now the Verizon Chair in Global Broadband and Telecommunications at Temple University . Today 's audiences -- particularly younger viewers -- want what they want , when they want it . They have no concept of "  sitting down to watch TV , " he said . "  That 's a concept foreign to them . It 's like trying to tell them what a phone booth is . " There 's also something else : Money . Broadcast and most cable networks are dependent on advertiser dollars . Netflix takes cash directly from subscribers . Comparing Netflix with traditional TV networks is like comparing "  apples and furniture , " McKairnes said . 2 . Dig your data . It 's worth noting that Reed Hastings , who co-founded Netflix with Marc Randolph in 1997 , is n't from TV or movies . He 's a techie , having made his first fortune with a software development company . So a number of Netflix 's moves have been more striking in terms of technology than pop culture storytelling . Netflix was built for the Internet -- not for brick-and-mortar strip malls , like Blockbuster , its early competitor -- and embraced streaming as soon as broadband became widespread . Moreover , in 2005 it sponsored a $ 1 million "  Netflix Prize " to go to the software designer who could best improve Netflix 's algorithm -- and the improvements were n't even used . "  House of Cards , " its first major original success , was built as much on data as it was content . "  Because we have a direct relationship with consumers , we know what people like to watch and that helps us understand how big the interest is going to be for a given show , " Netflix 's Jonathan Friedland told The New York Times . 3 . Know your customers . Ah , the customer . For all the TV and movies we consume , it 's surprising sometimes how little attention is paid to our desires . Shows are canceled or moved , quality is inconsistent and viewers are subjected to minor annoyances . Take one example : NBC 's "  The Blacklist . " Next season , McKairnes observed , NBC is going to split its season in two . The show will debut in fall , take a break for the holidays and the Super Bowl , then return on a new night . The strategy runs the risk of alienating the show 's fan base , he said . "  I do n't know if the Netflixes of the world would do that in terms of pissing off their customers , " McKairnes said . And that 's the thing . Netflix treats the customer well , said brand marketing authority Jeetendr Sehdev . "  They have been very insight-oriented -- they 've listened very carefully to the audience , been able to project audience 's behaviors and they 've developed services and a product operating around that , " he said . That builds goodwill , he added . "  Audiences are far more willing to forgive brands that behave authentically and whose intentions are good , " said Sehdev . "  Netflix is  such a human , intimate , audience-centric brand . Even if they fail , that will be seen as being coherent with its brand image . " 4 . Trust the creatives . In a speech at last year 's Guardian Edinburgh International Television Festival , "  House of Cards " star and producer Kevin Spacey -- a biased party , to be sure -- said he and the show 's other producers , David Fincher and Beau Willimon , appreciated the service 's willingness to take chances . "  Netflix was the only company that said , ` We believe in you . We 've run our data , and it tells us our audience would watch this series , ' " he said . Jenji Kohan , the creator of "  Orange Is the New Black , " agreed . Her show was turned down by both Showtime and HBO before Netflix grabbed it . The service "  pretty much bought it in the room , " Kohan told The New York Times . It 's an old lesson , but one that has to be consistently relearned , said McKairnes . "  HBO started it in the late '90s -- that 's when broadcast network television was looking over its shoulder -- and AMC set the bar , and now Netflix is raising it , " he said . The common bond : trusting creative types and letting them do their thing . 5 . Get cool . "  Chelsea Lately " host and comic author Chelsea Handler summed up a world of admiration about joining Netflix , where she 's scheduled to host a variety of programs , including a new talk show . "  I 'm more excited than I 've been in awhile , and the team at Netflix is the most forward thinking , alert group I 've sat down with in ages , " she said in a statement last month . The Emmy nominations -- which also included nods for Ricky Gervais ' "  Derek " -- only added to the buzz around the service . Netflix 's shows are built around storytelling , and Spacey -- reiterating a point made by the late director David Lean -- noted that the movie studios ' blockbuster mentality runs counter to storytelling . The movie business needs to be more flexible , said Spacey , so it can have both . Could Netflix have an effect on the movie business ? Not right now , said University of Nebraska film professor Wheeler Winston Dixon . Their business is less about storytelling and more about spectacle . "  The main thing studios have to do is to get people off the couch and into the theaters , and the thing that 's going to do that is a huge blockbuster spectacle which offers IMAX , 3-D , blasting sound , " he said . Still , with this summer 's dismal domestic box office -- based on play-it-safe big-budget tentpoles and sequels filled with computer graphics -- it 's worth watching if change is in the wind . 6 . Watch -- out . If all the praise Netflix has earned sounds familiar , it 's because we 've seen this show before . The golden child is placed on a pedestal by the media and then knocked to the ground , or simply ignored . Netflix has been called the "  new HBO , " but the old HBO was just as golden as Netflix in the early 2000s , before shows like "  John from Cincinnati " came along .  It has since recovered much of its luster .  AMC was magical when "  Mad Men " and "  Breaking Bad " were peaking , less so after "  Cold Winter Sun " and "  The Killing . " Even Pixar , sainted Pixar , has dropped a notch or two from the days before it started revving the wanly reviewed "  Cars . "  In Pixar 's defense , "  Cars " has been a merchandising bonanza . Netflix has had its share of missteps . There was the Qwikster debacle , in which an attempt at a DVD-only service failed .  To its credit , the company quickly apologized .  It 's currently attracting negative notice for stopping Saturday DVD mailings , because not everyone has signed up for streaming . Its series "  Lilyhammer " and "  Hemlock Grove , " though both renewed , have n't received a great deal of attention . Another original , "  Bad Samaritans , " barely registered at all . Now other series are in the works , and may be hit or miss . One recent Netflix announcement said siblings Lana and Andy Wachowski , of "  The Matrix " fame , are developing a show called "  Sense8 . " Given the Wachowskis ' recent track record , that show could go either way . Still , Netflix appears to have a plan . And as the service blazes its trail , it 's certainly worth watching , said McKairnes . "  This is a whole new world , " he said . "  I would n't even know how to describe what failure is yet . I do n't know that anybody does in the world of streaming . " HBO is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN .	Netflix has plenty of buzz Service picked up 31 Emmy nominations Netflix caters to instant-gratification consumerism Can other media learn from Netflix 's success ?
New York  CNN  -- The "  Dating Game Killer " was extradited Wednesday to New York to face murder charges in connection with the deaths of two women during the 1970s , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said . Rodney Alcala , 68 , was escorted by U.S. Marshals to New York from California , where he had been on death row since 2010 for killing four women and a 12-year-old girl there . The California murders took place between November 1977 and June 1979 and covered a wide swath of suburban Los Angeles , from Burbank to El Segundo . He will be arraigned Thursday . Last year , prosecutors in New York charged Alcala with murder in the deaths of Cornelia Crilley and Ellen Hover . Crilley , a 23-year-old TWA flight attendant , was found raped and strangled inside her Upper East Side apartment in June 1971 , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said in a news release at the time of the indictment in January 2011 . Hover , also 23 and living in Manhattan , was found dead in Westchester County in 1977 , it said . "  Cold cases are not forgotten cases -- our prosecutors , investigators and partners in the NYPD do not give up , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr said in the 2011 release . In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game . " At the time , he had already been convicted in the 1968 rape of an 8-year-old girl and served a 34-month sentence , authorities said . Police found dozens of photographs of women and children in a storage locker Alcala kept in Seattle . The locker also contained earrings belonging to Robin Samsoe , his 12-year-old victim , according to the Orange County , California , district attorney 's office . Authorities asked for the public 's help in determining whether any of the people in the photographs were victims of Alcala . A year before his appearance on the game show , Alcala raped , sodomized and killed 18-year-old Jill Barcomb and 27-year-old nurse Georgia Wixted in California , prosecutors said . He smashed in Barcomb 's face with a rock and strangled her by tying a belt and pants leg around her neck , prosecutors said . Her body was discovered in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . Wixted was beaten with the claw end of a hammer and strangled with a nylon stocking , authorities said . Her body was left in her Malibu apartment . During his appearance on "  The Dating Game , " Alcala was introduced as a "  successful photographer " who might also be found skydiving or motorcycling . In June 1979 , Alcala beat , raped and strangled Charlotte Lamb , a 33-year-old legal secretary , in the laundry room of her El Segundo apartment complex , authorities said . That same month , he raped and murdered Jill Parenteau , 21 , strangling her with a cord or a stocking in her Burbank apartment . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling out a window , the prosecutor said , adding , "  Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder . " He was charged with murdering Parenteau , but the case was dismissed after he was convicted of killing Samsoe in 1979 . Alcala approached her at the beach in Huntington Beach and asked her to pose for pictures , authorities said . She did , they said , and Alcala then kidnapped and murdered her , dumping her body in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains . Alcala was convicted of Samsoe 's death in 1980 and sentenced to death , but the California Supreme Court overturned his conviction . A second trial , in 1986 , also resulted in a death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the crime scenes in the Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb cases , and he was charged with killing them and Parenteau . Jed Mills , who played "  Bachelor No. 2 " on "  The Dating Game " alongside Alcala 's "  Bachelor No. 1 , " recalled he had an almost immediate aversion to him . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills said last year . Alcala succeeded in charming bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from the other side of the game show 's wall . But she declined the date that the show offered them -- tennis lessons , tennis clothes and a trip to an amusement park . CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Jason Kessler , Chris Kokenes and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report	Rodney Alcala 's alleged victims include two 23-year-old New York women He is to be arraigned Thursday The slayings occurred in the 1970s "  Cold cases are not forgotten cases , " district attorney says
Jesse Jackson Jr. grew up in his father 's shadow , placing him on history 's stage as the Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. led civil rights campaigns , including Operation PUSH and the Rainbow Coalition . Jackson was born in 1965 , just months before President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act , which forced election changes that opened up the political process for African-Americans in the United States . He spent his 21st birthday in a District of Columbia jail cell after being arrested in an anti-apartheid protest at the South African Embassy in 1986 , according to the biography on his congressional website . He was on the stage in Cape Town in 1990 when Nelson Mandela delivered his historic speech after his release from 27 years in a South African prison , the biography says . The younger Jackson earned a Master of Arts degree in theology and then a law degree in 1993 . He served as national field director for his father 's Rainbow Coalition , a role that included leading the campaign to register millions of new voters , the biography says . In 1995 , the 30-year-old Jackson became the 91st African-American elected to Congress . Since then , he has represented Illinois ' 2nd Congressional District , which includes parts of Chicago 's South Side and Cook County suburbs . A potential opportunity created by Barack Obama 's election as president in 2008 ironically triggered a series of events that nearly four years later threatens Jackson 's political career . Jackson , then 43 , spoke with then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in fall 2008 about the possibility of being appointed to serve the remaining two years of Obama 's vacated U.S. Senate term . Blagojevich was arrested by federal agents the next day , and was accused of trying to sell the seat to the highest bidder . Jackson said he only presented his credentials and polling information that suggested he could win re-election in 2010 . Blagojevich , eventually convicted on multiple corruption charges , started serving a 14-year prison sentence in March . The House Ethics Committee has been examining allegations Jackson or one of his associates offered to raise funds for Blagojevich in exchange for the Senate seat . "  In doing so , Rep. Jackson may have violated federal law and House rules concerning the proper use of the member 's representational allowance , " the statement said . Jackson has maintained his innocence and pledged to continue to cooperate with authorities . "  I did nothing illegal , unethical or inappropriate in that pursuit , and I believe that is what the Ethics Committee will conclude at the end of this process , " he said . Jackson apologized to his constituents in September 2010 , after the Chicago Sun-Times reported that a Chicago businessman told federal investigators that Jackson had asked him to pay for a restaurant hostess to fly between Washington and Chicago several times . He said he was "  deeply sorry " that he had "  disappointed some supporters . " The newspaper also reported that the businessman , Raghuveer Nayak , told the FBI that Jackson asked him to raise $ 6 million for Blagojevich in exchange for Obama 's vacated Senate seat . The governor ended up appointing former Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to the Senate post . Despite the congressional investigation , Jackson decisively won a heated primary for a 10th term . The congressman disappeared from Capitol Hill in May , and in June explained in a statement released by his staff that he was taking a leave of absence because he was suffering from a "  medical condition . " On Wednesday , Jackson 's office released a statement that said he is "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder . " The statement attributed the quote to an unidentified doctor . The doctor also was quoted as saying Jackson "  is responding positively to treatment and is expected to make a full recovery . " Jackson 's wife of 21 years , Sandi Jackson , is a Chicago alderman . The couple met and married during law school . They have two children , Jessica Donatella and Jesse L. Jackson III .	Jesse Jackson Jr. 's famous father took him along in his civil rights campaigns At 30 , Jackson became the 91st African-American elected to Congress The House Ethics Committee is investigating his dealings with disgraced Gov. Blagojevich Jackson took a medical leave of absence from Congress in June
GLEN BURNIE , Maryland  CNN  -- At his GM dealership in suburban Washington , Maury Wilkins exudes calm as he gears up for an enormous challenge : protecting his decades-old family business . Zero-percent financing is one way Maury Wilkins and other GM dealers are trying to lure new buyers . With General Motors teetering on the edge of bankruptcy , Wilkins says luring customers back into his showroom boils down to two factors . "  Everything is confidence and perception , " Wilkins told CNN in a recent interview . Confidence in the beleaguered General Motors Corp. is exactly what President Obama hopes to restore . Even as he forced out GM 's CEO Rick Wagoner in late March , the president also made an extraordinary pledge . "  If you buy a car from Chrysler or General Motors , you will be able to get your car serviced and repaired , just like always , " Obama announced from the White House a week ago . "  Starting today , the United States government will stand behind your warranty , " the president said . Some critics have blasted that promise as untenable . "  That 's pie-in-the-sky , " says William Holstein , author of "  Why GM Matters : Inside the Race to Transform an American Icon . " "  If General Motors goes away , how is the government ever going to maintain the network of suppliers ? " asks Holstein . Noting there are "  four or five thousand moving parts in a vehicle , " Holstein wonders , "  How is the government going to maintain this incredible infrastructure of suppliers to make sure that every part , every body panel is available for years after General Motors goes away ? ... It 's impossible . " GM dealer Wilkins sees the government 's guarantee as a consumer confidence-builder . Still , he 's concerned about slumping sales figures . Nationwide , auto sales dropped 37 percent in March compared with a year ago . Wilkins ' business was not immune . Though he says he 's not in crisis mode , he does have contingency plans . Watch report from CNN 's Elaine Quijano on Wilkins " "  Our business model is ` what if , what if , what if , ' " Wilkins said , adding , "  if all these things are outside of our control , how do we make sure that we maintain our profitability ? " That means extra attention to facets of his business besides new-car sales , including used-car sales , service and parts , and collision repair . Already , Wilkins believes car sales have turned a corner . He says February was one of his dealership 's best months . It was the result , he believes , of business adjustments he made , including altering inventory stocks . Wilkins also says credit for car buyers is finally beginning to loosen . Potential customer Jim Lally says that 's what drew him into the showroom the day CNN visited . "  I heard about the zero-percent financing and the exceptional deals that are being offered right now , " Lally said . While Lally had n't decided on whether to buy a GM , his visit was another reason for Wilkins ' cautious optimism , as his business tries to weather the economic storm .	Suburban Washington GM dealer Maury Wilkins trying to lure back customers He supports Obama 's guarantee : "  Everything is confidence and perception " Wilkins focuses on used-car sales , collision repair , service and parts Wilkins says adjustments started paying off in February , one of his best months
CNN Student News  -- April 29 , 2014 Science , history and medicine are all making headlines today on CNN Student News . Following a deadly outbreak of tornadoes , a CNN meteorologist explores and explains the wreckage . And a Cold War boundary has been physically removed , but it continues to separate some wildlife in Europe . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What challenges might confront a reporter covering a story about an event that happened decades ago ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Tornado Alley 2 . the Holocaust 3 . Iron Curtain Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What U.S. states experienced tornadoes yesterday ? What does CNN meteorologist Chad Myers say about a building that was destroyed by a tornado ? What are some of the hazards that search and rescue and cleanup teams face after tornadoes ? How do people often injure themselves after these storms ? 2 . What was the Holocaust ? What is one goal of Holocaust Remembrance Day ? What were some ways in which people around the world observed this day ? 3 . What are some innovations on the horizon in medicine ? What kinds of technology are helping these innovations become reality ? Which of these focus on treating disease ? Which focus on prevention ? 4 . What was the Cold War ? According to the video , how is one Cold War boundary "  still dictating lives today " ? What did scientists observe when they tracked two groups of red deer , each on one side of a long-gone electrified fence ? How do the deer know not to cross the area where the fence used to be ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you participate in any observances on Holocaust Remembrance Day ? Explain . How do you think that victims of the Holocaust should be remembered ? Do you think humanity can prevent a tragedy of this scope from happening again ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 2 . What medical advances do you think will help improve our quality of life in the future ? What advances do you think you will see in your lifetime ? Do you think that any diseases will be cured or eradicated ? If so , which ones ? 3 . What biological lessons do you think are illustrated by the behavior of the red deer in the video ? Have you ever seen these biological principles at work in other instances ? Explain . What lessons , if any , do you think this story holds for humans ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll climbed to 50 on Friday after a pair of suicide bombers detonated their explosive vests at one of Pakistan 's holiest shrines , police said . More than 200 people were injured in the blasts outside the Data Darbar , a famous Sufi shrine complex . Lahore Commissioner Khusro Pervez said the remains of the bombers -- a man in his 20s and another in his late teens -- have been recovered . One of the bombs detonated in the shrine 's courtyard ; the other in the shrine 's lower lever , according to Chaudhry Shafiq Ahmed , Lahore 's senior police superintendent . The first explosion , which occurred at 10:48 p.m. Thursday , was followed five minutes later by a second blast , Geo TV reported . The CNN affiliate aired surveillance footage showing the first attacker entering through a gate holding a bag . As he passed through a metal detector , alarms went off and the man ran toward an area used for ablutions and blew himself up . Geo TV showed a second attacker entering amid the confusion a few minutes later and running upstairs carrying a bag . Then the video showed the explosion . Geo TV reported that the heads of two bombers were recovered and identified . The bombers arrived at the shrine on foot wearing 10 kilogram  22 pound  jackets that had been packed with ball bearings , it said . A witness told Geo TV that one of the bombers was wearing the traditional loose-fitting salwar kameez , a turban and slippers . "  This sickening poison of extremism will be driven out of our nation and we will not be cowed , " said Farahnaz Ispahani , a spokeswoman for President Asif Ali Zardari , in a text message to CNN . "  Peaceful worshippers have once again been targeted by those who want to destroy the fabric of this great country . We will not forgive or forget and we will get justice for all Pakistanis murdered in cold blood -- be they Muslim , Christian , Ahmadi or of any other faith . " Pakistan 's Punjab province , of which Lahore is the capital , has been the scene of carnage in recent weeks , including a bloody attack on a hospital and another targeting Ahmadis . On Friday , angry Pakistanis , some wielding guns for revenge , took to the streets of Lahore in protest . Growing weary of bloodshed in their homeland , many are troubled by its spread from the Afghan border areas to the heartland . They are also concerned that Muslims are attacking Islamic holy sites . Sunni and Shiites do not consider the Ahmadis as a part of Islam because they do not regard Mohammed as the last prophet sent by God . As such , they have been targeted by Islamic extremists . Friday 's attack was at a revered Sufi shrine . Sufism is an ancient , mystical form of Islam that is generally more tolerant . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan expressed alarm over the attacks and called on both the government and Muslim clerics to stand up to extremism . "  It is a matter of grave concern that despite repeated official claims of breaking the back of terrorists , they retain the ability to launch vicious terrorist attacks across the country almost at will , " the commission said in a statement Friday . "  The assault demonstrates the potency of militant groups that the government incessantly repeats operate from sanctuaries in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan , " the statement said . "  Equally frustrating have been clerics ' stock statement that no Muslim can commit such atrocities . Instead of living in denial , the clerics need to reflect on the reasons for religious extremism in Pakistan and the possible consequences and their own contribution to the promotion of intolerance and the cult of violence . " CNN 's Nasir Habib , Nic Robertson , Nazneen Akbari , Thomas Evans , Katy Byron and Journalist Fayyaz Addrees contributed to this report .	NEW : Two bombs explode at revered Sufi shrine NEW : Violence has spread to Punjab , Pakistan 's heartland NEW : Human rights panel calls on government and clerics to stand up to militants Shrine attack kills 50 , wounds more than 200
CNN  -- Martina Hingis and Anna Kournikova will team up again to play at this year 's Wimbledon championships . The popular pair won the 1999 and 2002 Australian Open doubles titles , but will be returning the SW19 to play in the legends doubles event for players who are retired from the professional circuit , the management company Octagon said Tuesday . Swiss star Hingis won five grand slam singles crowns and nine in doubles during a glittering career which ended under a cloud in 2007 , when she was suspended for two years for testing positive for cocaine at Wimbledon . The 29-year-old denied taking the drug , but did not appeal the ban , which ended last September , prompting speculation that she may attempt a return to the WTA circuit . Kournikova is a year younger , but has not played regularly on the main tour for seven years after being hit by a string of injuries . The Russian , who reached a career-high of number eight , made it to the semifinals of the singles at Wimbledon in 1997 , but grand slam success eluded her . The pair were once labeled as the ` Spice Girls ' of tennis , with the height of their fame coinciding with the peak of popularity of the British all-girl band , which included David Beckham 's wife Victoria . As well as winning two grand slam titles together , the pair also reached No. 1 in the WTA doubles rankings . "  I 'm so excited to be returning to the UK to play doubles with Martina again , " Kournikova told her official Web site . "  This tournament has always held a special place in my heart , and it will be a great honor to play on the courts of Wimbledon again . I 'm looking forward to having a lot of fun . "	Martina Hingis and Anna Kournikova to be re-united at Wimbledon this year The pair will play in the legends doubles event at SW19 Hingis has ended a two-year ban after testing positive for cocaine at 2007 Wimbledon
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Rockets coming from Lebanon smashed into northern Israel on Sunday near the town of Kiryat Shmona , the Israel Defense Forces said . Israeli forces fired toward the source of the launch , the IDF said . At least 20 Israeli rockets landed in southern Lebanon , according to the IDF and the Lebanese official National News Agency . There were no initial reports of injuries on either side . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , at the weekly meeting of the Israeli Cabinet , said he blames the Lebanese government for allowing Hezbollah to position rockets in neighborhoods while attacking civilians . "  This is a double war crime that is being perpetrated under the aegis of the Lebanese government and army , which are not lifting a finger to prevent this arming and these crimes , " he said . He said the IDF responded quickly and forcefully . "  We will not allow a drizzle , and we will respond strongly , " he said .	NEW : Israeli PM says attacking civilians while hiding among population is "  double war crime " No immediate reports of anyone being injured Israeli military , Lebanese media say at least 20 rockets fired in retaliation
