CNN  -- Next to Beyonce , the musical surprise of the 2013 holiday shopping season so far is the limited iTunes release of "  The Beatles Bootleg Recordings 1963 . " It 's a potential gold-mine excavation : fifty-nine previously obscure tracks , unknown outside the subculture of obsessive collectors . Over on the bookshelves , the recently published first volume of biographer Mark Lewisohn 's three-part "  The Beatles : All These Years " takes up considerable space . Titled "  Tune In , " the first book offers 944 pages on the iconic group , concluding in 1962 -- before they were famous . Beyond serving as baby boomer stocking stuffers , do these kinds of archaeological digs enhance the Beatles ' legacy ? Or is pop-culture nostalgia starting to scrape the bottom of the barrel ? Never officially released and mostly known to hard-core collectors , the actual music on the "  Bootleg Recordings " consists of outtakes , live versions and two demos of songs the Beatles wrote for other artists . The motivation for its release is complex , extending beyond immediate sales considerations . Due to a recent European Union ruling , the copyright to this material would expire in 2014 if it remained unreleased . So the sudden appearance of "  Bootleg " on the marketplace may in part be a legal ploy for Apple Records , the company the Beatles began in 1968 . But is there a sizable -- even insatiable -- audience for every bit of the scraps and marginalia of Beatlemania ? Overall , the numbers are somewhat surprising . Turns out the Fab Four are still doing major business . In fact , recent profits suggest their customers ca n't only be co-members of the boomers ' aging demographic . According to Forbes magazine , the two surviving members and the estates of John Lennon and George Harrison together and individually earned roughly $ 71 million in 2013 from record sales , royalties , merchandise and licensing . Earlier this year , the UK trade publication Music Week reported the Beatles ' Apple Corp. turned over 43.5 million pounds in 2013 , an improvement of 2 million pounds over 2012 . While archival releases are only drops in this plentiful bucket , the long-defunct group 's persistent popularity serves as a lifeboat for the perpetually struggling music retail business . The "  Bootleg Recordings "  and "  Tune In "  could put Beatlemaniacs ' devotion to the test , however . Ten years in the research and writing , Lewisohn 's doorstop tome has been hailed as a labor of love -- and digression . The author 's minute attention to detail matches the microscopic focus of "  The Beatles Bootleg Recordings , " where the only arguable revelations are at best minor finds : Lennon 's roughly sung demo tracks of two songs , "  Bad to Me " and "  I 'm in Love , " later recorded by , respectively , Billy J. Kramer and the Merseybeats . It 's hard to imagine the retrieved versions replacing the originals in anyone 's affections , but casual fans should be entranced by the behind-the curtains glimpses into the early Beatles working process . Even without producer George Martin 's finishing polish , the group 's signature high energy and unstoppable melodies come through loud and clear . And in the absence of true surprises , there are plenty of eyebrow-raising moments such as two spunky versions of "  One After 909 "  eventually rerecorded on the "  Let It Be " album  . Apple Records may be protecting the Beatles brand by releasing these curios and preventing further substandard bootleg releases , but even fans may question the wisdom of serving up every leftover and prototype . Even from geniuses . On the other hand , the latest  Volume 10  entry in Bob Dylan 's "  Bootleg Series " came out this year to near-universal acclaim . "  Another Self Portrait  1968-1970  " retrieves obscurities and alternate versions from one of Dylan 's most difficult periods . A bit of thoughtful pruning makes this unearthed archival treasure something more than another clearance sale . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Coleman .	Mark Coleman : "  Bootleg , " a release of obscure Beatles tracks , is a holiday surprise He says group still earns millions and release may be tied to extending copyright With new 944-page book , too , he asks if Beatlemania is scraping dregs of barrel ? Coleman : Some leftovers can be appetizing such as Dylan 's recent "  Bootleg Series " release
CNN  -- Fashion is about making a statement . Designer Nili Lotan has been culling imagery from socio-political issues like the fall of the Berlin Wall and the West Bank 's "  separation barrier " to create high fashion for nearly a decade . "  The fabric becomes a canvas , and you 're basically saying something , " Lotan told CNN in her lower Manhattan showroom . "  The idea is not to express my own opinion , but rather to provoke a thought or an opinion of whoever is wearing it or whoever is watching it . " Next month , the Israeli-born designer will display a retrospective of her "  Fashion Meets Photojournalism " series at her New York store . She 'll recut her signature silk cami dresses from past collections for the project , as well as debut a new dress featuring politically-charged photography by Allan Tannenbaum . Proceeds will be donated to help both sides of the recent Israel-Hamas hostilities that killed more than 2,000 people and severely damaged Gaza 's infrastructure . Lotan , who moved to New York from Israel in 1980 , said like most creatives , she draws on what she knows -- her upbringing and subsequent life experiences -- to find inspiration . As a child of parents who met in a World War II refugee camp in Austria , her interest in global affairs started at a young age . "  We are very much tuned into the news , into current events , into social justice , " she said . "  From the day I remember sound , I remember every day my dad listened to the radio news . " Interactive : War & Fashion Her love of clothes and art , though , came solely from her mother , who had studied textile design before the war and never really got to use it on a larger scale after she emigrated to Israel . "  One of the mediums she expressed her creativity was clothes , and back in those days , it sounds strange , but we really did n't have too many stores to go and buy clothes , " Lotan said , so her mother made them for the family . A resident of Israel , Lotan served the mandatory two years of military service for women , as social services chair of the air force . After her service , she enrolled in Shenkar College of Engineering and Design , with her mother 's urging , after an academic degree opened up specifically for textile and fashion design . That sewed up her fate . Before starting her eponymous line in 2003 , Lotan worked for apparel companies like Ralph Lauren , Adrienne Vittadini , Liz Claiborne and Nautica . After a trip to Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War with her husband , musician David Broza , Lotan decided to combine her interests in fashion and current affairs . "  When we came back , I had an urge and a need to scream and say something about the situation , " Lotan said . "  I was certainly not-pro gun or promoting the use of guns , but just protesting against the war . " While the rest of her collections tend to focus on a classic , modern and minimal aesthetic , Lotan debuted a gun-print , silk charmeuse dress , blouse and scarf . Retailer pulls shirts reminiscent of Holocaust The mechanics of her textile printing are a sartorial choice , first and foremost , Lotan said . "  When I place it on the fabric , I do n't just post it , " Lotan said . "  There is a play between the fabric and the picture . " Seven years after the debut of Lotan 's first politically inspired piece , supermodel Karolina Kurkova garnered headlines for wearing one of her gun print dresses in 2013 . Critics called Kurkova insensitive as she was photographed in the dress amid Congress ' failure to pass an assault weapons ban and as the nation was still mourning the Newtown shootings and Boston Marathon bombings . Lotan said she now focuses on acts of protest -- cultural change imagery from Woodstock , the Paris protests of 1968 and anti-Vietnam street art of "  Peace got ta come now " -- so that her prints are not misconstrued and taken out of context . Still , the designer does n't plan to stop blurring the lines between style and social issues anytime soon .	Nili Lotan is a fashion designer known for combining photojournalism and textiles Lotan moved from Israel in 1980 , but still draws upon her upbringing in her designs She has placed images of the fall of the Berlin Wall and Woodstock on her dresses
CNN  -- Manila often gets a bad rap , derided as dirty , chaotic , and an incoherent mess of unfinished urban areas and slums . Navigate the city 's streets and discover the many faces of Manila . It 's a world away from carefully planned Asian cities like Singapore -- which makes it perfectly suited for visitors who do n't need their lives hermetically sealed in air-conditioned shininess . Manila is alive with a mix of cultures , from Spain , China and the numerous Philippines islands . Sights to gawp at are thin on the ground , but the city streets have enough going on to enthrall even the most disinterested visitor . Though it was bombed to bits during the Second World War , Intramuros is one of the most coherent areas of the city . Worth a morning 's visit , the old walled city 's buildings  or rather what was left of them  were left untouched , even when the area was given an update in the 1980s . But it still retains a unique atmosphere in a city where the capital 's expanding population is reflected in its growing sprawl . The Manila Cathedral was one of the buildings pummeled in the war , but the rebuilt version is faithful to the original 16th-century edifice . Fort Santiago , once the guarding fortress of the city and the Pasig River , is now a war memorial . Nearby is Rizal Park , a green spot named after the national hero . What he would have made of the moat outside the old city 's walls being made into a golf course is anybody 's guess . Taxis are the best way to negotiate the city , and they 're cheap and plentiful , but it 's worth jumping into the back of a crazily colorful jeepney at least once , just for the experience . Regardless of the means , head towards the towers of Makati , one of the more central areas that make up Metro Manila . Home to big businesses and major hotels that may make you feel like you 're in Singapore , if you 're there on a Saturday make sure you wander through Salcedo Market . It 's an upmarket affair , relatively speaking , where you can grab some great local food and produce . Those hankering for excellent western food and a glimpse of Manila 's long-lunching business-types should head to Apartment 1B on Lafayette Square . While you 're never far from an urban vignette that contrasts with the central business district 's gloss , it 's best to plunge into another area of the city for more local color and flavor . A taxi ride away is Marikina City , home to some uniquely Manilan attractions . Once the shoe-making capital of the capital , you 'll find Marikina Shoe Museum here . But it does n't house just any old shoes . No , it 's basically a celebration of the shoes of Imelda Marcos , the country 's former first lady , who still deeply divides opinions among Filipinos . A bit kitsch , a bit weird , with over 605 pairs of her footwear  size eight and a half , if you must know  and a selection of photos of the former first lady with world leaders , complete with hilariously obsequious captions , it 's a sight to behold . Snap back to reality with a moto-taxi ride to Marikina City 's market . The covered lanes are a hive of stalls and intriguing local life . Heading back towards the central area of the city and Manila Bay , visit Cubao Expo . Located just off General Romulo Street it was formerly Marikina Shoe Expo , a mix of shoe outlets for nearby factories . Now the low-rise complex of boutiques , bars , galleries and antique shops has to be a contender for hippest spot in Manila , a city that does n't bother itself too much with anything so affected . Relaxed and fun , it 's a great place to while away a few hours . When the shops there close you can get some great local , homemade food , down a cocktail or Red Horse lager or two , and wind down away from the chaos of the streets and plot some evening entertainment . Later on , head to Makati , one of the main areas for bars of varying descriptions and clientele . saGuijo Cafe + Bar is one of the city 's best for music . Attracting typically exuberant Manilan crowds , like all good live music venues it 's got a comforting , grimy edge . It hosts bands playing all sorts of music , and , rare for Filipino bands , no covers . To push on through to the morning light , Embassy in Fort Bonifacio is the club with the most in-crowd hipsters queuing to get in . What are your favorite spots in Manila ? Tell us using the Sound Off box below .	Manila 's crazy , chaotic charm is a world away from shiny cities like Singapore Intramuros , the old walled city , retains its charm despite being bombed in the war See 605 pairs of Imelda Marcos ' shoes at Marikina Shoe Museum Head to the bars and boutiques of Cubao Expo , one of the city 's hippest spots
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- At first glance of Friday 's Los Angeles Times , you might think the Mad Hatter has taken over the newspaper . Johnny Depp 's colorful character in Disney 's new film "  Alice in Wonderland " dominates a faked front page , which includes the paper 's traditional flag and two stories that appeared in the paper last month . Los Angeles Times spokesman John Conroy said the "  cover-wrap " was an "  unusual opportunity to stretch the usual boundaries and design an innovative ad designed to create buzz . " Roy Peter Clark , a senior journalism scholar at the Poynter Institute , said tough economic times and lower ads sales have forced newspapers to tear down the ethics wall that separated a paper 's front page from advertisers . "  The wall became in recent years a fence , but the Los Angeles Times has created a swinging gate , " Clark said . "  What offends my traditional sensibilities is the notion that you would be willing to deceive the reader into thinking that this was the actual front page , " Clark said . Although Conroy said readers would not be confused by the fake front , several journalists in CNN 's Los Angeles bureau did not immediately realize that the real front page was inside . A Times reader who works for a movie marketing company in Hollywood said he felt deceived by the ad . He asked not to be identified because his company , which was not involved in the Disney campaign , deals with the newspaper . "  We propose these kinds of ads all the time but have never gotten them approved , " he said . "  I do n't always agree with what we do . " He estimated that the ad would cost "  well over $ 100,000 . " Conroy would not disclose the price , but he said , "  Our front page section is our most valued real estate . The ad was priced accordingly . " The use of real newspaper stories , published previously in the newspaper , to make the ad appear to be a real front page is another issue , Clark said . "  I 'm particularly nervous about them running fake stories that are really real stories , " he said . "  That seems like a misappropriation of the journalism in the newspaper . " An online search revealed that the article on the left column -- headlined "  To take reins on health proposal " -- was a slightly altered version of a story written by Tribune Co. . Washington reporter Noam Levey . It was published February 18 . The second article , appearing on the right column of the Disney ad , was headlined "  Major Afghan Figure Caught . " The original story was published February 19 , with the bylines of Times foreign correspondent Laura King and Moscow bureau chief Alex Rodriguez . "  If I had written one of those stories , I would be pissed , " Clark said . CNN has received no response from e-mails and calls to the three journalists . Although they may not be pleased with their work being used in a movie ad -- without the byline -- they have jobs while many of their co-workers have been laid off . The Tribune Publishing Co. , the paper 's parent , has ordered several rounds of staff cuts at its newspapers and bureau in recent years . Some have left in protest of changes in editorial practices aimed at boosting revenue , Clark said . "  There 's been one editor after another that 's walked out the door because they did n't want to cave in to pressure from the top to do the wrong thing , " Clark said . What he might have objected to five years ago , he could now accept it helps papers survive , Clark said . But not if it confuses editorial content with ads , he said . "  Every time I see a big ad in my local newspaper I send up a little cheer , " he said . When HBO paid the newspaper for a wrap-around ad last summer , for the vampire series "  True Blood , " it was not mixed with the flag or editorial content . The Los Angeles Times drew criticism in April when it sold NBC the right column of its front page , where a lead story is normally placed . The network used the space to advertise the debut of its "  Southland " series .	Los Angeles Times ' "  Alice in Wonderland " ad uses two real stories published last month Tough economy forces newspapers to tear down ethics wall , expert says One estimate has ad costing more than $ 100,000
CNN  -- A perpetual deadlock in Congress has resulted in eight extensions of the national transportation bill , causing roads to crumble , bridges to fall , and transit to break down . Come March 2012 , politicians will once again enter into a political debate about funding American mobility . Without a fiscal safety net in place , the Highway Trust Fund will go broke . The Republican majority in Congress wo n't permit the transfer of federal funds from its general spending account to bolster the Highway Trust Fund . And despite the rationality of a user-fee system , neither party will lead the charge to raise the gasoline tax . Few taxes provoke more fury than those at the fuel pump and 2012 is an election year . In reality , cutting the gas tax exacts a steep cost on the entire economy . The gas tax funds a broad range of economy-bolstering transportation projects across the country and it is already too low to meet current  and future  infrastructure needs . It 's time to debunk the myths surrounding the maligned gas tax . 1 . Americans already pay too much in gas taxes . Not even close . America actually taxes gasoline less than most other nations . Only two countries -- Kuwait and Saudi Arabia -- charge lower gas taxes than the U.S. and both are net global oil suppliers , not consumers . The U.S. is the world 's largest oil consumer . By under-taxing gasoline -- and thus under-pricing gasoline -- the United States encourages over-dependency . Furthermore , the federal gas tax does not even come close to covering the wide array of external social costs of driving cars and trucks . 2 . Gas taxes rise every year . Quite the opposite . The federal gas tax has remained unchanged at 18.4 cents for a gallon of gasoline  and 24.4 cents for diesel  for nearly two decades . It is not indexed to the price of crude oil or inflation , so Americans pay a fixed amount whether oil prices are high or low . Ironically , given today 's debate , the last time the gas tax was raised in 1993 was for deficit reduction purposes . Taking inflation into account , the gas tax has eroded to only 11 cents today . This has seriously diminished the ability to pay for infrastructure , with a purchasing power of 45 cents in gas taxes for every dollar in national highway construction costs . This means that only one-half of the transportation investments made since 1993 could be afforded today , even though GDP has grown 55 % and demands  vehicle miles traveled  have grown 29 % . 3 . Gas taxes are unnecessary because the transportation system is paid for in other ways . Not so fast . America 's transportation system is going broke . Revenue for the Highway Trust Fund is derived almost entirely from federal gas taxes and distributed to all 50 states . It covers nearly 80 % of the capital costs of federally-funded transportation projects , with states carrying the remainder . From 2008 to 2010 , Congress transferred $ 34.5 billion from general fund revenues to make up the funding shortfall . This stopgap measure was necessary to continue projects that are already in the works . Moreover , deferred maintenance -- the failure to care for existing roads and bridges -- combined with lost productivity are estimated to add more than $ 100 billion to the national deficit annually . Over time , technology will help expand mobility options and improve system efficiency . This includes the ability to track real-time data and charge for system use and facilitate trip decision-making through virtual communications -- social networking , skype , real-time ride-sharing , and on-line meetings . Will pay-per-mile road taxes buzzkill the great American road trip ? These 21st-century interactions will bolster economic productivity and competitiveness . But they will take time to mature and , in the near-term , will not obviate the need for travel . Moreover , a dedicated source of revenues , such as gas taxes or other user-based fees , will remain critical to fund and facilitate the transition to technology-oriented transportation solutions . 4 . Transportation taxes are detrimental to American competitiveness . Wrong . The reverse is true when it comes to gas taxes . Investing in transportation facilitates reinvestment in America that is vital to economic growth . The U.S. , once No. 1 in the world for its infrastructure , has fallen to 15th . China and India are cruising ahead with transportation infrastructure investments each at 9 % of GDP compared to 2 % in the U.S. . This lackluster level of investment prevails despite well-documented needs -- aging infrastructure , growing population , and shifting demographics . An upgraded , well-maintained , operationally-efficient transportation system , on the other hand , offers a significant competitive edge . Plus , the gas tax spreads the burden over hundreds of millions of system beneficiaries . Beyond system efficiency gains , vehicles themselves are becoming more fuel-efficient and less wasteful . A proposal to double car - and SUV-fuel economy standards by 2025 , while highly beneficial in terms of energy will translate into lower gas tax expenditures by higher-mpg cars . The rational way to deal with this is to increase gas taxes slightly over time to account for the fiscal impacts that cleaner , more efficient cars have on transportation infrastructure investments.Will 5 . Gas taxes make an already volatile gasoline market even worse . Partial thinking . Domestic gas prices are largely influenced by world oil markets . With transportation accounting for about 70 % of U.S. oil consumption and record oil-company profits reached when world oil prices go up , it 's only fair that oil companies share the cost of providing transportation infrastructure . Structuring an oil fee assessed on producers and a variable gas tax paid by consumers can further stabilize the price at the pump . When oil prices go up , the retail gas tax can be abated . The oil security fee will make up for the revenue gap . When oil prices go down , the gas tax can be slowly reinstated . There is n't much that can be done about external events that affect global oil price volatility , but gas taxes can be designed to better manage abrupt price swings domestically . In short , the transportation system is a critical component of America 's economy . The United States can not be a superpower if it starves public investment in infrastructure . Taxes tend to be more politically acceptable when people understand how funds provide benefits . And nobody understands better than travelers that the nation 's infrastructure needs serious improvements . It 's time to face the fact : The gas tax is a good way to invest in America . Opinions in this commentary are solely those of Shin-pei Tsay and Deborah Gordon .	Shin-pei Tsay and Deborah Gordon : Infrastructure suffers from congressional inaction Gas tax funds range of economy-bolstering transportation projects , they say The gas tax is a good way to invest in America , they say
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Georgia to learn about the toll military service is taking on two veterans . Chris Tucker , who served three tours in Iraq , suffers from hearing , back , foot problems and still has nightmares . SAVANNAH , Georgia  CNN  -- As his tank rolled into Baghdad in April 2003 , Chris Tucker mounted his camera to capture the moment . "  It 's history ; we made history , " he told CNN back then . "  It 's my first war , hopefully my last war . " He could not have imagined then that six years later , Iraq would still be a combat zone . "  I thought we would get there quick and handle our business and we 'd be out , " Tucker told us this week . "  At least , that 's what we were told anyway . " Tucker received a medical discharge from the Army last year and he now is Officer Chris Tucker of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department . "  You still get to serve your community and your country in other ways , " he said . At age 26 , he is a veteran of three combat tours . The patrol skills he learned on the streets of Baghdad , Fallujah and Sadr City come in handy as he drives his police cruiser around the neighborhoods of his Savannah precinct . "  Some people -- you will be moving around the corner and they will just run , " Tucker said as he drove his cruiser . "  And you can tell they are favoring one side -- maybe they have a gun . " He loves his new job , and the joys of fatherhood . His daughter Callie was born three months ago . iReport.com : Send your salute to troops "  So my life is slowing down , " Tucker said . "  But I enjoy the slow pace . " But he has n't left it all behind . As the war hits the six-year mark , Tucker is part of a history -- and a legacy -- still being written as the military tries to better understand the depth of the damage to those exposed repeatedly to the violence . "  I still have the nightmares and wake up and find myself downstairs and I do n't know how I got there , " Tucker said . "  I still see and dream the same things . ... Faces . Kids ' faces . People that you have engaged or you have had contact with . ... You see your colleagues blown up . Things like that . " He left the Army with a sour taste . He was sent back for his third tour despite the nightmares , depression , major hearing loss and painful injuries to his back and both feet . Then , the Army decided to give him a medical discharge for his back issues even though Tucker believes he could have recovered with rehabilitation . But he tries not to dwell on his frustration . "  I try to distance myself from it as much as I can , because for me , the more I think about it , the more I reflect on what happened and what we did , the more I think the dreams and the nightmares actually come back . " Tucker is as tired of the Iraq war as anyone , but his experience tells him things can suddenly take a turn for the worse , and so he is skeptical of President Obama 's promise to get most combat troops out of Iraq by August 2010 . Watch former VP Cheney discuss Iraq war strategy " "  I think we are in too deep to pull out , " Tucker said . "  You ca n't just commit the way we committed and then say , ` OK , we are done . ' ... Politics should not be involved in the way the war is handled . " There will be no more tours for Tucker , but a colleague on the Savannah-Chatham force will soon deploy for his first Iraq tour , and is being ribbed around the precinct , by Tucker and others , as "  the grandpa going off to war . " Police Cpl. Randy Powell is 50 years old and became a grandfather just last week . Watch Tucker and Powell tell their stories " Powell served nearly 20 years ago in the Persian Gulf War , then in 1992 took an early retirement package when the Army was downsizing after the war . The deal required him to stay on what the military calls the IRR -- the Individual Ready Reserve -- but even as troops were sent to Afghanistan after 9/11 and then to Iraq for repeat combat tours , Powell heard nothing . Then last year , nearly 15 years after leaving the military , he was told to report to a local Reserve center . Another request came in January of this year . Both times , after some perfunctory paperwork , Powell was sent home . But when he returned home from work one day last month , an overnight letter from the Army had arrived with orders that he was being activated for an Iraq deployment . First , starting next month , he 'll have refresher training on radar systems at Fort Jackson in South Carolina . "  They 're kind of shocked , " Powell said of his family . But there are no complaints from Powell -- to the contrary . "  I still feel I am fully capable of being a soldier , " he told us outside at his police precinct . "  Once a soldier , always a soldier . I find that it 's an honor to serve within the military . I enjoyed the military while I was in . Kind of looking forward to getting back in the groove . "	Savannah police officer lives with physical , mental injuries from Iraq war Veteran is skeptical about plans to pull out of Iraq 50-year-old colleague on force is being called back into service He 's not complaining -- "  Once a soldier , always a soldier , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- After weeks of U.S. and NATO bombardment , about one-third of Moammar Gadhafi 's ground armor has been destroyed , as well as most of the fixed air defense sites and aircraft , but a stalemate between government and rebel forces is emerging and could last for some time , according to a senior U.S. official with direct knowledge of the latest military assessments . The official agreed to speak Monday only on background because of the sensitive nature of the information . The official said the latest U.S. and NATO view is that both sides essentially remain in their fixed positions -- the rebels near Ajdabiya and the pro-government forces near al-Brega . Rebels say no to African Union-brokered deal "  Neither side has the wherewithal to move , " the official said . Rebels do not have the manpower , vehicles or weapons to make major advances . And while Gadhafi 's forces continue their attacks , especially in Misrata , the source said they are suffering from a lack of supplies , ammunition and fuel because of airstrikes . The official said that a major ground force movement would put Gadhafi 's units in the cross hairs of NATO airstrikes . Airstrikes have rebels clinging to hope That said , the official acknowledged strongly that the onslaught by Gadhafi forces in Misrata has put people there in a dire situation . The official described a military scenario in which the United States and NATO have direct knowledge of civilians being killed but have been unable to act because Gadhafi forces and armor are so mixed with civilian populations , it 's become impossible to launch airstrikes against them . The United States and NATO also think that Gadhafi 's forces still have as many as 15,000 shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missiles , which has resulted in limited use of AC-130 aircraft , which are vulnerable to being shot down as they fly low and slow to engage in the type of precision airstrikes needed in a place like Misrata . The attacks also have affected Gadhafi 's ability to communicate with his commanders . He is still having face-to-face meetings with key associates , the official said , but is largely unable to communicate directly with units in the field . There are still some fiber-optic communications capabilities as well as communications nodes in schools and mosques that are very difficult to strike . Report tracks "  sweeping changes " in Mideast On the other side , another senior U.S. official who is familiar with administration contacts with the opposition said the opposition 's leadership seems to be sincere and earnest about its aim of toppling Gadhafi , but the leaders are not as organized as they need to be . They lack a detailed plan . The rebel military forces and their abilities are "  still a bit of a mystery , " the officials said . " ... Their resources are limited and their strategies and tactics are hard to fathom . " While they are holding on to Ajdabiya for the moment , the senior official said it is hard to imagine them making any further gains toward Tripoli . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition lacks a detailed plan , a senior U.S. official says A third of Gadhafi 's armor has been destroyed , another senior U.S. official says But the U.S. assessment is that a stalemate is emerging "  Neither side has the wherewithal to move , " the official says
EW.com  -- As much of the Northeast was trapped in a winter wonderland not unlike its snow-cursed setting , Disney 's Frozen managed to reclaim the No. 1 spot at the box office for the first time in three weekends . The animated film took in $ 20.7 million , which is a nearly 28 percent drop from last week 's numbers but still impressive considering it 's no longer a holiday and the film is already in its sixth weekend of wide release . It 's now inevitable that the Disney hit will cross the $ 300 million mark , as it 's currently sitting pretty at $ 297.8 million . That 's $ 97 million more than 2010 ′ s Tangled -- Disney 's previous CG-animated adaptation of a fairy tale with a past participle for a title -- made in its entire domestic run . Meanwhile , Frozen 's worldwide total has reached $ 639.9 million . Much like the first snow , the first shameless sequel of the year is a milestone that came early in 2014 . But Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones , the Latino-marketed spin-off and fifth film in the popular horror franchise , could n't quite possess the top spot with its shaky-cam scares . The movie took in $ 18.2 million in its opening weekend , which is a whopping 38 percent less than its predecessor Paranormal Activity 4 made in its first few days out and the lowest ever debut for a Paranormal Activity film in wide release . For the last half-decade , Paramount has been wringing this series for all its worth -- Paranormal Activity 5 hits theaters this October -- and the returns appear to be diminishing . Moviegoers also seem to be growing a bit tired of the movies ' limited bag of tricks : Despite receiving generally better reviews than PA4 , The Marked Ones rated a step down with Cinemascore , from C to C - . Still , this is a cheap goose and even if it switches from laying golden eggs to silver ones , it 's fine for the studio . After three weeks at No. 1 , The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug tumbles like a dwarf in a barrel to third place with $ 16.3 million . So far , the second episode of Peter Jackson 's trilogy is n't reaping quite as big a pile of gold as the first : Smaug comes out of its fourth weekend with a healthy $ 229.6 million , but that 's still $ 34.2 million less than An Unexpected Journey had at this same point last year . The first Hobbit took in a grand total of $ 303 million domestically , which means the second one most likely wo n't make it past that three-double-zero mark . If that ends up being the case , it would be the first of Peter Jackson 's Middle Earth films not to do so . Martin Scorsese 's The Wolf of Wall Street takes a decent bite out of the box office with $ 13.4 million , bringing the total for Martin Scorsese 's coke-fueled tale of stock-pushing sybarites to $ 63.3 million . There 's a very good chance Marty 's latest will surpass Hugo 's disappointing total domestic take of $ 73.9 million , showing Americans prefer their Scorsese to be decidedly un-family friendly . Meanwhile , David O. Russell 's American Hustle , which features more than a wink to Marty 's signature aesthetic , is nipping at The Wolf 's back paws . It rounds out the list with $ 13.2 million , as Sony 's critically acclaimed ensemble dissembles its way to $ 88.7 million . 1 . Frozen - $ 20.7 million 2 . Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones -- $ 18.2 million 3 . The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug - $ 16.3 million 4 . The Wolf of Wall Street -- $ 13.4 million 5 . American Hustle - $ 13.2 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Disney hit will probably cross the $ 300 million mark "  Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones " came in second After three weeks , "  The Hobbit " tumbles to third
CNN  -- Kristina Heeger was wounded in her French class nearly two years ago when a gunman killed 30 of her classmates and instructors at Virginia Tech 's Norris Hall . Students walk through a passageway connecting Norris Hall to another building at Virginia Tech . Still coping with memories of the massacre , she returned to the historic stone building Friday as the university reopened the wing of the academic building where the deadliest mass shooting in recent U.S. history occurred . "  It 's still something I deal with every day , " Heeger told reporters during a tour of the newly refurbished west wing of Norris Hall 's second floor , where visitors took in the gleaming , contemporary space . "  We 're still grieving , we 're still mourning , " she said . "  But we are coming together in a very strong , powerful way . We are coming together to move forward . " The renovation after the April 16 , 2007 , shooting created six rooms and laboratories for the Department of Engineering Science and Mechanics , university officials said . The 4,300-square-foot area will also house the Center for Peace Studies and Violence Prevention , which relocated to the building . The center hopes to "  develop transdisciplinary programs that target prevention of violence through research , education and engagement , " said Jerzy Nowak , founding director of the center . "  Relocation to Norris Hall has a symbolic character to the families and friends of the victims , to the survivors , Virginia Tech , the Blacksburg community , and the world , " he said . Nowak 's wife , French instructor Jocelyne Couture-Nowak , was among the 30 students and faculty members Seung-Hui Chokilled at Norris Hall before taking his own life there . Earlier in the day , the student gunman killed two students at a dorm . Ishwar Puri , head of the engineering department , was at Norris Hall Friday , stressing the importance of the campus moving past the tragedy . "  I was defeated on April 16 , 2007 , by the suicide-assassin , " Puri told CNN affiliate WDBJ . "  But I pledged to myself he would not defeat me ever again . "	About two years after mass shooting , university reopens incident site 30 students , faculty members died in Norris Hall after gunman killed two in dorm The shooter , Seung-Hui Cho , killed himself in Norris Hall after firing spree The building now includes the Center for Peace Studies and Violence Prevention
CNN  -- Remember your first road trip ? That sweet taste of independence as you were finally unleashed on America 's free and open highways ? For Pulitzer-winning automotive columnist Dan Neil , it was the day he turned 16 and passed his driving test . "  The minute I got my drivers license out of the laminator , I was on the road , " he recalled . "  I took the longest road trip I could take . " Neil pointed his Fiat 124 Spider convertible in the direction of the nearest city : Raleigh , North Carolina . "  I just had to go man , I just had to drive . I must have put 500 miles on that car that day . " Neil said he was part of a mindset that associated the automobile with freedom , mobility and self-determination . Then the excitement in Neil 's voice disappeared . "  That was in the mid-1970s , and the road system was a little bit different then . " Indeed it was . The days of America 's "  free " and open roads are gone -- or perhaps they never existed at all . Drivers often forget that they pay for highway construction and maintenance through federal fuel taxes : 18.4 cents per gallon for gasoline and 24.4 cents per gallon for diesel . "  The notion that the road has ever been free is sort of a self-delusion , " said Neil . Opinion : Five myths about the highway fuel tax But the fuel tax is running out of steam , experts warn , because more efficient vehicles are using less fuel and rising fuel prices discourage driving . As tax revenue falls , so does the nation 's ability to pay for road construction and maintenance . The solution , say many transportation experts , is to replace -- or supplement -- fuel taxes with a per-mile tax on every vehicle in America . Tax authorities might monitor each vehicle 's mileage by installing devices that would transmit data . Unlike a fuel tax , which is somewhat hidden in the price of fuel , a device that spends your money with each tick of the odometer would be a real buzz-kill for millions of road tripping Americans . "  It 's just like a speed limit or a toll road or any other kind of interference , " said Neil . "  It steps on that conception we have of ourselves as a people without borders or boundaries . You step on our ability to take to the open road . " The bottom line So , what kind of money are we talking about here ? Translated into dollars and cents , fuel taxes cost each vehicle owner about $ 250 a year on average . According to a University of Iowa study , paying that amount on a per-mile basis would come to about 1.6 cents per mile . Whether it is paid for through fuel taxes or taxing per-mile , it 's clear the federal highway fund is in trouble . By the end of 2012 , according to the Congressional Budget Office , the fund will "  be unable to meet its obligations in a timely manner " unless Congress injects even more life support from the general Treasury . During the next 20 years , projections show average vehicle fuel efficiency nearly doubling . Revenues from the fuel tax will be slashed by half , according to the Iowa study . Meanwhile , the cost of safe roads , bridges and transit systems will skyrocket . By 2020 , says the American Society of Engineers , the price tag could be as high as $ 1.7 trillion . Bottom line : two cents per mile would be enough to pay for the nation 's transportation infrastructure needs . That 's according to a 2009 nonpartisan commission headed by two former U.S. transportation secretaries . ` The Man , ' with a capital M Imagine 254 million vehicles . That 's the number of cars , trucks and motorcycles that a tax per mile system would have to monitor . Some proposals call for using GPS satellites to gather mileage data on each vehicle . Whoa . Really ? When it comes to tracking their vehicles , Americans tend to be really touchy about protecting their privacy . According to a University of Iowa poll , only about 20 % of drivers would choose a pay-per-mile tax system if GPS tracking is involved . The anonymous driver will soon be an extinct species , says Neil . "  You ca n't drop off the grid . Ten years from now , it will be virtually impossible to drive a car that does n't have an electronic signature , " said Neil . "  It does n't matter whether you have OnStar or you rent a car -- it 's going to have a ` black box . ' If you 've got any kind of navigation , The Man -- with a capital M -- knows where you are . " University of Iowa research shows that the public would be more willing to accept per-mile taxes if its monitoring technology does n't record a vehicle 's specific location . Taking your vehicle to have someone read the odometer every year -- like some states do with emissions testing -- might be an option . But some experts fear that method might be too expensive . Also , the resulting once-a-year tax bill might be too much for some drivers to pay . One idea tested in Minnesota eliminates GPS and uses cell phone text messaging technology . During fuel stops at gas stations , a device that already exists in most cars would text the car 's mileage information to a "  back office " data base . The office would then adjust the price of fuel at the pump based on each vehicle 's mileage driven . Implementing any system would be tricky , says Paul Hanley , who headed the Iowa study . Retrofitting existing cars with the required technology would be almost impossible , he says . The cheapest and least difficult option says Hanely , would be to install devices in new cars and slowly transition to the new system as the nation 's entire fleet of vehicles turns over . It takes about eight years before 90 % of our vehicles are turned over , Hanley says , and more than 10 years to convert the fleet to nearly 100 % . "  It 's inevitable , " says Hanley , who 's been conducting a real-world test of a pay-per-mile system with more than 2,500 drivers in 12 locations from coast-to-coast . Per-mile taxes "  with a combination of tolls is coming as we move away from the fuel tax . " Several states in addition to Iowa and Minnesota are looking into possible pay-per-mile tax systems , including Oregon and Texas . Do n't bother , some argue Leave well-enough alone , says the American Trucking Associations ' Darrin Roth , who argues that taxing vehicles per mile is too expensive to implement and administer . Those costs would be passed on to consumers , Roth says . The best and least complicated solution is to raise the fuel tax , which has n't changed since 1993 . But that idea comes with its own set of political challenges . Many members of Congress would likely oppose any kind of tax hike . "  I 'm not convinced per-mile taxes are going to happen , " says Roth . "  If it does , it probably wo n't happen for a long time . " Despite all the changes technology may bring to the driving experience , "  the American road will still be out there , " says Neil . "  It 's fun and it 's incredibly broadening for people ... and it 's a great way to spend time with your family , " he says . "  It might not be as innocent as it used to be , but it 's still an important part of who we are as a people . " How to pay for that highway remains a question Americans will debate for a while -- perhaps for years down the road .	Experts : Per-mile road tax will replace or supplement fuel tax Columnist : Do n't curtail Americans ' love for the open road Per-mile GPS tracking devices spur privacy fears
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Power-driven wheelchairs are costing Medicare and its beneficiaries nearly four times what suppliers pay for them , and competitive bidding could have reduced those costs , according to an inspector general 's report released Wednesday . Competitive bidding would have cut costs on a standard power wheelchair by nearly $ 1,000 , the report says . A standard power wheelchair costs the federal health insurance program for seniors an average of $ 4,018 to lease , compared with $ 1,048 for suppliers to buy , the Department of Health and Human Services ' internal watchdog reported . "  Medicare and its beneficiaries paid suppliers an average of $ 2,970 beyond the supplier 's acquisition cost to perform an average of five services and cover general business costs , " the report found . The difference was not as dramatic for more advanced wheelchairs used for physical rehabilitation patients , but at an average lease of $ 11,507 , those chairs still cost Medicare about twice as much as the $ 5,880 paid by suppliers , the report found . More than 173,000 Medicare beneficiaries received power wheelchairs in the first half of 2007 , at a cost of about $ 686 million , the report said . The cost could have been reduced considerably had Congress not delayed a planned system of competitive bidding for what Medicare classifies as "  durable medical equipment , " such as wheelchairs and oxygen tanks , the report said . Competitive bidding would have cut Medicare 's average cost of a standard power wheelchair by nearly $ 1,000 , the inspector general found . "  Medicare and beneficiary payments under the Competitive Bidding Acquisition Program would have decreased by an average of 26 percent across all included categories of -LSB- durable medical equipment -RSB- , saving up to an estimated $ 1 billion annually , " the report found . "  However , Congress delayed the program and exempted complex rehabilitation power wheelchairs from future competitive bidding . " Medicare 's annual budget for 2008 was $ 444 billion . In January , it cut its payments to suppliers by 9.5 percent to make up for what it thought competitive bidding would have saved taxpayers , according to the report . In July , a CNN investigation found that a patient and taxpayers were billed about $ 1,200 over four years for a nonmotorized chair , while a nearly identical chair could be bought from the same supplier for $ 349 . The issue has become controversial as the Obama administration tries to overhaul the U.S. health care system and rein in the cost of Medicare . Administration officials want to require competitive bids for items such as wheelchairs . But the American Association for Homecare , which represents many in the durable equipment industry , said the bidding program would reduce patient choice , limit access to home medical care and drive up Medicare costs by requiring more hospital stays .	Watchdog report says competitive bidding could have reduced costs Standard power wheelchair costs Medicare $ 4,018 to lease Same wheelchair costs $ 1,048 for suppliers to buy , report says Industry says competitive bidding would reduce patient choice , increase costs
CNN  -- It has been four years since Tiger Woods won a major title , but the former world No. 1 insists he still has time to beat the record held by his hero Jack Nicklaus . The "  Golden Bear " won his last major at the age of 46 , six years after his 17th triumph -- and Woods , stuck on 14 wins , says he plans to play for just as long . "  Absolutely . With the fitness routine and eating properly and staying in shape I could play for a very long time and I 'm looking forward to that opportunity , " the 36-year-old Woods told CNN 's Living Golf in an exclusive joint interview with his heir apparent , Rory McIlroy . "  If you say hypothetically 10 years , that 's 40 more major championships I get a chance to play in and compete in and try to win , and hopefully I can try to at least win five of those . " Woods , McIlroy ` too tired ' for $ 7M Chinese tournament Woods ended a long wait for a title of any kind in March , won again in June , and overtook Nicklaus on the all-time PGA Tour list with his third victory of the season in July . It was his 74th overall , putting him behind only Sam Snead 's 82 . However , over the the last four years Woods ' best finish in a major was 11th , and he has been plagued by constant questioning about his ability to follow up his last win at Torrey Pines -- which came at the cost of a serious knee injury that sidelined him for several months . "  Every press conference I go to I get hammered -- ` Oh you 're never going to win again blah blah blah ' -- and it was every tournament I went to , " said Woods , who ended 2012 second on the PGA Tour money list behind McIlroy with more than $ 6 million in earnings . "  It was a lot there for about a year and a half where I had to answer that question every single round , pre-tournament , and to do that all a lot and then to pass Jack on the all-time win list this year and do it 10 years younger than him , I think that 's a pretty neat accomplishment . " McIlroy beats Woods in chaotic ` Duel of Jinsha Lake ' This year McIlroy won his second major , the PGA Championship in August , at the tender age if 23 -- slightly younger than when Woods won his second at the same event in 1999 . "  I 'm halfway there to the career slam , " McIlroy said . "  I 've won two , and when I get my third I want to try and get my fourth . "  It 's never been something that I 've put a number on -- obviously I looked up to Tiger so much as a kid and obviously he 's always had that goal of trying to surpass Jack 's number and maybe one day I 'll think about it a little more and try and put a number on it , but right now I 'm at two and I want to get to three . "  I think the next big goal for me is if I could win the career gland slam , it would be a huge point . Not many players have done it in the past and it would be great to add my name to that list . " Will McIlroy join Tiger at Nike in $ 20M a year deal ? At the peak of his powers , Woods held all four major titles after 2001 's Masters victory -- three of them coming in the previous season . It 's the closest any golfer of the modern era has been to a calendar grand slam -- a feat only achieved by Bobby Jones in 1930 when two of the tournaments were amateur championships . "  It was just the best run of golf that was ever seen , " McIlroy said of Woods ' achievement -- known as the "  Tiger Slam . " "  Holding all four major championships at the one time is incredible , " added McIlroy . "  It is probably just a pity that it did n't all happen in the one year because I am not sure that would ever happen again . " McIlroy and Woods were both criticized for missing the World Golf Championship event in China immediately after their "  Duel on Jinsha Lake " exhibition last week , citing fatigue in a busy end to the season . But McIlroy insisted his biggest challenge is to avoid burnout . "  One of the biggest things for me is longevity . I have still got a lot of years ahead of me . I just do n't want to be burnt out , " he said . "  I do n't want to get to the stage where I am 30 or 35 years old and I ... I do n't want to say fed up with the game , but it is a long time to be playing the sport and I just want to pace myself . "  I think Tiger has done that so well for the last 15 years and that is something that I am going to try to do going forward . " Scott : ` McIlroy can dominate like Tiger ' Woods said he fully understands the pressures McIlroy is facing as one of golf 's biggest drawcards , having blazed that trail himself for more than a decade . "  Everyone is going to be trying to bring you to their event , deter you away from time that is spent practicing , " said the American . "  How did you get there ? You did n't get there by sitting on your butt the entire time , you got there by working hard and doing all the things you need to do to prepare , and people are going to be trying to take you away from that . "  So trying to manage one 's time -- for me that has been the biggest key . "  Some guys they just show up and they try to practice just for the week and build themselves into it . I would much rather practice at home , be ready . "  When I go to an event it is to win , period . I learned that at a very early age . "	Tiger Woods tells CNN he plans to play long enough to break Jack Nicklaus ' record American is four major titles behind the 18 won by Nicklaus , whose last came at 46 Woods , 36 , says he constantly has to answer questions about whether he can win again His young rival Rory McIlroy says he aims to match Woods ' longevity at the top of golf
Suzhou , China  CNN  -- In the shadow of the bustling Kaedar Electronics plant a brightly colored kindergarten sits somewhat incongruously , its playground usually empty . "  Teachers always keep the windows shut , " explained 3-year-old Wei Xiwei , who attends the community facility but is rarely allowed outdoors . In Tongxin , a small village on the other side of the factory , the young have long gone , leaving only the old and frail behind . "  If we do n't get moved out , I 'll just die here soon , " said 75-year-old Lu Baoyun . Young and old , locals living around the Kaedar plant near Shanghai in eastern China , blame the same thing for disrupting their lives : fumes from the factory . Residents say the strong odor sickens them . Kaedar reportedly produces casings for Apple 's popular iPhone . With the help of concerned citizens , a coalition of grassroots environmental groups tracked alleged polluters like Kaedar during a seven-month investigation and recently published their findings in a 46-page report titled "  The Other Side of Apple  Part II  . " "  They say they are committed to ensuring the highest standards of social responsibility , " said Ma Jun , director of the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs who led the effort . "  If they ca n't manage their supply chain , it 's just empty talk . " Contacted by CNN , Apple declined to name its suppliers in China but past news reports indicated Kaedar and many of the 21 other companies listed in the environmentalists ' report manufacture parts for various Apple products . Apple insists it requires that suppliers "  use environmentally responsible manufacturing processes wherever Apple products are made . " Kaedar would not comment for this report . The activists also produced a video that features accusations from people living near what they say are Apple suppliers in various parts of the country . In one part , a fisherman in central China is seen rowing his boat along a small river discolored with a yellow hue , allegedly the discharge from two local factories - one believed to be an Apple supplier . Apple declined to address specific allegations and referred CNN to its latest progress report on supplier responsibility . In the document , the company stressed that it aggressively monitors factories in its supply chain with regular , on-site audits . Apple also said it addresses relevant issues with nongovernmental organizations and industry groups . Ma said Apple has talked to his organization and he was encouraged by the company 's follow-up . But he emphasized public scrutiny is the key in combating environmental violations and said his group will continue to name and shame big brands . Some 30 kilometers west of Tongxin Village , in an industrial park dotted with factories churning out electronics for the global market , residents at the Phoenix City high-rise housing complex echo the activists ' sentiment . They have been complaining about the same problem as the Tongxin villagers , from Catcher-Topo , an expanding electronics plant right next to their apartments and reportedly another Apple supplier . "  Health ca n't be the price of wealth , right ? " said resident Miller Xu . "  In a few decades , if your health is ruined , it would n't matter how much money you have . " The 33-year-old engineer said he is considering moving so that his toddler son would not have to breathe what he believes is "  toxic air . " He added the residents ' experience has given many pause for buying Apple products . Apple has seen phenomenal sales growth in China and opened Asia 's largest Apple Store in Shanghai last week . The company announced in July its revenue from Greater China reached $ 8.8 billion for the first three quarters of this fiscal year , an increase of more than sixfold compared to the same period last year . "  I do n't have an iPad or an iPhone mainly because I ca n't afford them , " Xu said . "  But I heard many people here are boycotting the iPhone - and this factory is not the only Apple supplier with pollution problems . " CNN contacted Catcher-Topo for comments but the company declined . Officials in Suzhou , where the Catcher-Topo and Kaedar plants are located , said local factories are regularly inspected and all have met China 's environmental protection code . Residents remain skeptical , however . "  Ordinary people 's words are totally worthless to the authorities , " said Lu , the elderly villager in Tongxin . "  There is simply nothing we can do . " CNN 's Eunice Yoon and Xiaoni Chen contributed to this report .	Some of Apple 's suppliers in China are accused of the polluting the environment Technology giant says it is committed to ensuring highest standards of social responsibility Apple widely popular in China and has just opened Asia 's largest Apple Store in Shanghai The U.S. company has agreed to work with the green activists after recent talks
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A violent crackdown by Yemeni authorities has left dozens dead at protests , witnesses and medical officials said Monday . Bloody violence raged Monday in the capital , Sanaa , triggering a new wave of international pressure on Yemen . The United States and the United Nations called for an end to the violence . An official with the human rights group Amnesty International said Yemen is on a "  knife edge " and the situation could spiral into a civil war . Officials from the United Nations and the Gulf Cooperation Council were in Sanaa , hoping to help organize a peaceful transfer of power . Thirty-one people were killed Monday in clashes in Yemen , 28 in Sanaa , and three in Taiz , according to medical officials . On Sunday , at least 26 protesters were killed and more than 550 were wounded -- hundreds of them by gunshots -- when security forces fired live bullets and tear gas at a massive demonstration in the city , a medic said . The death toll was expected to rise because some were in critical condition , witnesses said . "  The situation is getting very tense , " said a resident of downtown Sanaa who asked not to be named for safety reasons . "  We can hear gunshots , explosions , RPGs  rocket-propelled grenades  constantly . " "  This now seems more like a military fight , and we 're really worried this could become a civil war . We 're really worried it could spread all over , " the resident said . The U.S. Embassy in Yemen issued a statement saying the United States "  regrets the deaths and injuries of many people " in the protests Sunday . "  In this tense situation , we call upon all parties to exercise restraint . In particular , we call on the parties to refrain from actions that provoke further violence . " The U.S. government remains hopeful for a peaceful transition , the statement said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's office said he is "  gravely concerned " and "  calls on all sides to exercise utmost restraint and desist from provocative actions . He strongly condemns the excessive use of force by government security forces against unarmed protestors in the capital Sanaa , resulting in scores of people killed and many more injured . " "  Yemen is on a knife edge , " Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa , said in a statement issued Monday . "  Those who have been protesting peacefully for change are increasingly frustrated by the political deadlock . Meanwhile , eruptions of violence point to a growing risk of civil war . The Yemeni authorities must stop the use of excessive force before the violence spirals out of control . " The Yemeni government has repeatedly denied accusations of excessive use of force , and said the government is committed to establishing a peaceful transfer of power . Yemeni officials have said forces cracked down on those committing acts of violence during protests . State-run Saba News Agency said Monday that "  militias , armed gangs of the Muslim brotherhood , and the Al Ahamar gang and al Qaeda snipers " had attacked parts of the capital , even hospitals . "  The attack on security personnel and civilians continued Monday , resulting in casualties , " Saba reported . Amnesty International said that since February , 200 people have been killed and more than 1,000 have been injured in protests in Yemen "  as security forces have repeatedly used excessive force , including by firing live ammunition at peacefully gathered protesters . " A video on YouTube Monday purports to show the body of a 10-month-old child killed by gunmen in Sanaa . According to a medical team in Change Square , the baby was inside his father 's vehicle when a stray bullet hit him in the middle of the forehead . U.N. envoy to Yemen Jamal Benomar and Gulf Cooperation Council Secretary General Abdul Latif al-Zayyani arrived in Yemen on Monday , Saba reported . They will be discussing a GCC proposal for transferring power , the agency said . The proposal , backed by the six Arab nations that make up the council , was put forward in May . It would allow Yemen 's embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh to transfer his executive powers to Vice President Abd Rabo Mansou Hadi within 30 days . According to the proposal , Saleh would then formally resign . Saleh initially indicated he would go along with it , but then refused to sign . The ongoing violence is stepping up pressure for a transition . On Monday , troops were seen shooting randomly at protesters as demonstrations continued throughout the capital on almost every street , witnesses said . All roads leading to Change Square , where thousands have been conducting a seven-month sit-in to call for the resignation of Saleh , remained closed Monday . Saleh , who is recuperating in Saudi Arabia from a June attack on his palace , has vowed to return to Yemen to finish his term . The state-run Saudi Press Agency said Saudi King Abdullah met Monday with Saleh , who expressed gratitude for the medical care . The king wished "  all our brothers in Yemen will overcome the current crisis , " SPA reported . The uprising in Yemen is part of the so-called Arab Spring , in which protesters seeking political reforms have taken to the streets in many countries throughout the Middle East and North Africa . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	The Yemeni government says gangs and al Qaeda snipers attacked the capital "  We 're really worried this could become a civil war , " a resident says The U.N. secretary-general condemns "  excessive use of force " by Yemen A YouTube video purports to show a 10-month-old baby shot in the forehead
CNN  -- What can 40 goats and 20 cows buy a Kenyan man ? Chelsea Clinton 's love , if you ask Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor . Hillary Clinton says she would let her daughter Chelsea know about a Kenyan man 's unique marriage offer . The Kenyan man first offered the dowry nine years ago to then-President Bill Clinton in asking for the hand of his only child . He renewed it Thursday after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was asked about the proposal at a Nairobi town hall session . CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , the session 's moderator , commented that given the economic crisis at hand , Chepkurgor 's dowry was "  not a bad offer . " However , Clinton said her daughter was her own person . "  She 's very independent , " she said . "  So I will convey this very kind offer . " Watch Clinton 's response to dowry offer " The audience laughed , but Clinton 's comments were no joke to Chepkurgor , who described the younger Clinton as a "  beautiful , disciplined and well-natured woman . " "  Of course I have never met her , but I like her family and how they stick together , " Chepkurgor told CNN . "  I 've waited for a long time . I 'm still waiting to meet her and express my love for her . " Chepkurgor operates a small electronics and computer shop in Nakuru , a major city northwest of Nairobi . He may still be waiting for Chelsea , but he 's not exactly single . He married his wife Grace , a college classmate , in 2006 . "  My wife has no problem with this , " he insisted . "  She listened to the answers given by Hillary and did not complain . " Polygamy is legal in Kenya , so Chelsea would be Chepkurgor 's second wife . "  Is that allowed in your side of the world ? " he laughed . In Kenya , a man proposes with dowry for the prospective bride , Chepkurgor explained . He said he stands by his initial livestock offer until someone makes a counteroffer . Chepkurgor , now 39 , first made his intentions known when all three Clintons visited East Africa in 2000 . He wrote a letter to the former president , offering himself as his only child 's suitor . He said he had not expected the secretary of state to address the issue during her visit to Kenya this week . However , he admits his chances might be rather slim . "  Unfortunately , I do n't have their contact information , " he said . "  I just want to convey my message of goodwill to the Clintons , " he said . "  And to all of America . "	In 2000 , Kenyan man offered cows , goats for Chelsea Clinton 's hand in marriage In recent town hall meeting , Hillary Clinton says she would convey offer to daughter Godwin Kipkemoi Chepkurgor is already married , says wife would n't mind
San Diego  CNN  -- With the Supreme Court poised this week to hear arguments in the legal challenge to Arizona 's immigration law , it 's a good time to explain what this law and the ruckus surrounding it are really about . The left says it 's about racism and political extremism ; the right claims the issues are border security and public safety . Wrong . In the two years since Gov. Jan Brewer signed SB 1070 into law , it 's become clear that this law , and the debate over it , are really about three things : fear , power , and freedom . It 's about fear . As someone who lived in Phoenix and wrote for the Arizona Republic in the late 1990s , I can tell you that Arizonans only recently reached the conclusion that they wanted to get rid of illegal immigrants . The ` Zonies I knew could n't live without them . Not a lot of U.S. citizens were lining up to do the hard and dirty jobs that the undocumented were doing . That includes landscaping or other jobs that require you to work outdoors in 115-degree weather . In 1994 , when Californians passed Proposition 187 -- an anti-illegal immigration ballot initiative that intended to deny public services to illegal immigrants but was ultimately struck down by the courts -- and when President Bill Clinton launched "  Operation Gatekeeper " to beef up enforcement on the U.S.-Mexico border south of San Diego , hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants who had been headed to California took a detour through Arizona . Those who crusade against illegal immigration in the Grand Canyon State will say that this is when the "  invasion " began . In truth , it was more like a gigantic job fair where employers eagerly gobbled up illegal immigrants to do everything from cleaning houses to raising children to cooking in restaurants . At the time , few people seemed concerned about verifying legal status . I once asked the crew washing my car at a popular Phoenix carwash if they had fake green cards , and one of the young men chuckled and said there was no need , since the employer never asked if they were legally eligible to work . Fueled by illegal immigrant labor , cities like Phoenix boomed , and this was fine by the Phoenicians -- many of whom envisioned their city growing into a desert metropolis with all the amenities . But the problem was that they were n't prepared for the demographic side effect : the fear that they were losing control , and the realization that whites would soon become a statistical minority in Arizona just as they are in California , Texas and New Mexico . Something had to be done to readjust the ethnic balance . And that something was SB 1070 , or as local activists have dubbed it : "  The Mexican Removal Act . " It 's about power . One of the main things that makes the law so controversial is also one of the things that the lower federal courts have said makes it unconstitutional -- that it essentially deputizes local and state police , who typically have n't been trained to enforce immigration law , and gives them the power to act as surrogates for Immigration and Customs Enforcement . The Constitution is pretty clear that regulating immigration policy is exclusively a federal responsibility , which is the reason that Proposition 187 was struck down . And the scores of police chiefs who resist enforcing federal immigration law are correct that it erodes the trust between law enforcement and local communities . But perhaps the best argument against giving local and state police this power is that they almost always misuse it . You see , this job is tougher than it looks , if you want to surgically remove illegal immigrants without harassing or disrupting the lives of U.S.-born Latinos , including some whose families have been in the Southwest for nearly 500 years . That is especially true in the place that used to be called the Arizona Territory . For those of us who support the role of federal agents to enforce immigration law , including deporting people when appropriate , the problem is n't that the law is being enforced . By all means , the law should be enforced . The problem is who is doing the enforcing . If the dirty work of asking people for birth certificates and other forms of identification to prove they have a legal right to be in this country is being done by amateurs , it is more likely that there will be mistakes . People will be profiled . Dark skins and accents will take the place of hard evidence and probable cause . Civil rights will be trampled upon . That 's the concern in Arizona , where state lawmakers made a power grab and foolishly gave local and state police officers something that most of them never wanted : the authority to enforce federal immigration law . That authority has to be held in check and closely monitored , and that is where the courts come in . This is the role that U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton fulfilled when , in July 2010 , she struck down some of the most grotesque parts of the law -- a requirement that local police determine the immigration status of individuals they suspect of being in the country illegally , a mandate that people carry documents that prove they have a legal right to be in the United States , and a provision making it a crime for laborers to solicit work . And it 's about freedom , because U.S.-born Latinos should be free from harassment . They should n't have to prove they belong in their own country . In this case , they should be spared the additional humiliation of having to prove they have the legal right to be in a region to which they are indigenous . They have the right to be left alone without mischief-making bureaucrats or lawmakers calling their "  American-ness " into question . They and their families have earned it the hard way -- by answering this nation 's call , enlisting in the military , and often making the ultimate sacrifice dating back to the days of the American Revolution . Conservatives get worked up over perceived threats to freedom all the time . Whether it 's a smoking ban or a government mandate to buy health insurance , those on the right know how to raise a fuss over big government . What could be worse that police agencies using the blunt instrument of racial and ethnic profiling to ferret out suspected illegal immigrants ? How does government get any "  bigger " than that ? This debate was never about the rights of illegal immigrants . It 's about the rights of those U.S. citizens and legal residents whom the untrained and uninformed might mistake for illegal immigrants . It 's about the kind of country we 've always been , and the kind that we want to remain . We sometimes forget that personal liberty is the cornerstone of the United States of America . Once again , it 's up to the Supreme Court to remind us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Arizona 's immigration law not all about racism or border security Navarrette : It 's fear the Latino immigrants who made Arizona boom will take over It 's dangerous because it makes deputies out of local and state police , he writes It 's also wrong , he says , because it takes away U.S.-born Latinos ' freedom
CNN  Another one for the "  tourists behaving badly " file . Two American women have reportedly been arrested for carving their initials into a wall with a coin inside Rome 's Colosseum . Daily Italian newspaper La Stampa says the women , aged 21 and 25 , were spotted carrying out the act by fellow tourists , who then told security . The two letters -- J and N -- were about eight inches in length and scratched on a brick wall at the historic Roman amphitheater . The women , both from California , reportedly snapped a selfie of themselves with their initials before they were arrested . Their names have not been released . The American pair may now face a fine for "  aggravated damage " on a building of historical and artistic interest . If one Russian 's experience is anything to go by , the price wo n't be cheap . Last November , authorities in Rome slapped a 20,000-euro  $ 21,685  penalty on a Russian tourist caught carving his name into the famed landmark . The 42-year-old man was apprehended after a guard at the Colosseum saw him carve the letter "  K " in a section of brickwork . After police caught up with him , the man was found guilty of causing aggravated damage , fined and given a four-month suspended sentence . The Russian was one of five tourists caught carving graffiti on Colosseum walls in 2014 . The earlier incidents involved two Australians -- a father and son -- and a Canadian and a Brazilian , both teenagers . Rome is n't alone in having to deal with inappropriate tourist behavior this month . Egypt is now looking into reports that one of its most historic sites was the backdrop for a Russian porn flick . According to Al Arabiya News , authorities have confirmed that an X-rated film was shot next to the Pyramids of Giza and the Sphinx and are now investigating . The video was reportedly made by Russian tourists , who then uploaded it to the Internet nine months ago . Al Arabiya reports that Minister of Antiquities Mamdouh al-Demati says the issue has been referred to the public prosecutor and new surveillance cameras are being installed in the area . The incident comes as a reminder that no world landmark is safe from the salacious urges of tourists -- no matter how sacred it might be to the locals . Cambodia 's Angkor Archeological Park experienced its own string of nudity-related incidents this year . In February , U.S. tourists and sisters Lindsey Kate Adams and Leslie Jan Adams were deported after allegedly getting caught taking partially nude photos at Preah Khan temple , one of the sacred sites inside Cambodia 's Angkor complex . They received six-month suspended prison sentences , a one-million riel  $ 250  fine and were banned from entering the country for four years . In January , a group of photos featuring a topless dancer leaning against the ruins surfaced on Facebook . Early last year , Peru officials were forced to respond to a chain of "  naked tourism " incidents at Machu Picchu , also a World Heritage Site . They detained four American tourists , two Canadians and two Australians for stripping down for pictures at the site . CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	Two American women arrested for carving initials into a Colosseum wall Meanwhile , Egypt investigating Russian pornography film reportedly shot at Great Pyramids Cambodia 's Angkor Archeological Park experienced a string of nudity-related incidents this year
CNN  -- If it seems to you that there 's a food safety crisis every other week , you 're actually not paying close enough attention . Since the start of summer 2014 alone , the Food and Drug Administration has announced 37 different recalls , market alerts and safety withdrawals related to food , and the Food Safety and Inspection Service has issued 14 . Some recalls result from mislabeling  such as undeclared ingredients like shellfish , milk , nuts , eggs or wheat gluten  or improper processing , while other recalled foods were contaminated with listeria , E. coli , salmonella or botulism . About 48 million people -- 1 in 6 Americans -- contract some form of food poisoning each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That 's 128,000 hospitalizations and 3,000 deaths that are , by the federal government 's estimations , "  largely preventable . " At any given time the FDA is responsible for watching over some 167,000 domestic food facilities or farms and another 421,000 facilities or farms outside the United States , according to FDA officials . But there are only about 1,100 inspectors to oversee these facilities , officials told CNN in 2012 . Tainted food and mislabeled food slip through the cracks all the time , and unwitting consumption can result in conditions ranging from stomach discomfort and fever to death from infection and allergic reactions . It 's in a food producer 's best interest to get a bad product off store shelves and alert consumers as swiftly as possible -- and it 's the duty of the federal government to help minimize the risk to public safety . Often , their best course of collective action is a recall , but what does that actually mean ? Who is looking out for your food safety ? Prior to the passage of the Food Safety Modernization Act , the FDA could strongly suggest action , but had no authority to issue a mandatory recall of potentially harmful food .  For example , in the summer of 2010 , consumers had to rely on suppliers ' voluntary removal of nearly 500 million eggs from the marketplace in order to make sure that store supplies were free of salmonella . Still , an estimated 1,600 people nationwide were sickened by the eggs . Since President Obama signed the law into effect in January 2011 , there has only been one attempt by the FDA to enforce the mandatory recall of a food item : pet treats that were found to have been tainted with salmonella and allegedly caused several dogs to become ill .  In the end , the company was given a two-day notice to take corrective action -- which it did -- and enforcement was n't needed . But in the interim , hundreds of food items -- including 9 million pounds of adulterated meat , massive quantities of stone fruit and several dozen varieties of peanut butter -- have been voluntarily recalled by their producers . There are a few ways that can be set in motion . A producer may , through its own internal product testing or customer reports , find that there is an issue with its food and alert the FDA or FSIS . In other cases , testing by these agencies ' inspectors may reveal an issue , which is communicated to the company . And in others , local and state health services will contact the CDC , which can identify patterns of foodborne illness using the FoodCORE system and in turn alert the FDA and FSIS . Foodborne Illness 101 If the product is meat , poultry or egg-based , FSIS can form a committee to determine if a recall is needed . If so , agents collaborate with producers to make sure that the product is no longer available to the public , and that consumers have received adequate warning via the media and the FSIS website about what products are affected and what course of action to take . If a risk is posed , but a recall is not needed , FSIS will issue a public health alert . The FDA oversees all food that 's not under FSIS jurisdiction and will evaluate each case to determine the threat it poses to public safety . In most cases , the agency will work with the producer to take corrective action at the facility level  cleaning machines and workrooms , safely removing contaminated ingredients and the like  and alert the public if needed . All cases are listed on the FDA website , but more severe ones will be communicated to the media via press release . But if the risk to public safety is found to be particularly high , the Food Safety Modernization Act allows the agency to shut down manufacturing until the threat has been contained . This power was enacted for the first time in November 2012 , when a multistate outbreak of Salmonella Bredeney was linked to peanut butter produced by Sunland Inc. . The FDA suspended the company 's food facility registration , effectively prohibiting it from distributing food . Sunland subsequently declared bankruptcy and shut down production for good . Both FDA and FSIS use a three-tier classification for the threat posed by the food : "  Class I recall : a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death . "  Class II recall : a situation in which use of or exposure to a violative product may cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences or where the probability of serious adverse health consequences is remote . "  Class III recall : a situation in which use of or exposure to a violative product is not likely to cause adverse health consequences . " So how does a reasonable consumer stay apprised of all these goings-on and avoid spending precious time making the rounds of governmental websites on a daily basis ? Follow @FDArecalls on Twitter . The account posts the most recent additions to the recall list , and its sister account , @USDAFoodSafety shares a mix of FSIS recall news and food safety tips . If RSS is more your speed , the FDA and FSIS both offer newsfeeds , as well as e-mail blasts to keep you on top of your food safety game .	1 in 6 Americans will get food poisoning this year According to the federal government , these illnesses are largely preventable Recalls by federal agencies can help keep the public safe Social media and newsfeeds can help you stay on top of food safety news
CNN  -- Dozens more people were reported killed by government troops and police in Syria on Tuesday , a day after what opposition activists said was the single deadliest known day of anti-government protests . The Local Coordination Committees , an opposition umbrella group , said 78 people died across four Syrian provinces . Most of them were in Idlib , where the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that 60 to 70 Syrian army defectors were gunned down Monday as they tried to flee their posts . The Syrian Observatory 's Rami Abdul Rahman said another 40 civilians were killed the same day "  across Syria during house-to-house raids , arrests , and clashes between army defectors and the Syrian army . " "  Monday may have been a day with the highest death toll in Syria , between 100 and 110 killed in total , " he said . The Syrian government maintains that it is cracking down on armed terrorists who attack security forces and civilians . The activists say the government 's brutal crackdown against peaceful protests has led to the deaths . CNN could not independently verify the allegations because Syria restricts the activity of journalists in the country , and the Syrian government did not immediately respond to the claim . Tuesday , the LCC said 59 people were killed in Idlib , with another 14 in Homs , three in Hama and two in Daraa . All had been shot to death by government forces , the group said . The uprising against the Bashar al-Assad regime has claimed an estimated 5,000 lives since March , the United Nations says . As violence raged on Tuesday , state television announced that the government will execute anyone who participates in terrorist acts or distributes weapons . A new law published Tuesday specifies that anyone who distributes weapons for the purpose of committing terrorist acts will get the death penalty , according to the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency . It also mandates a life sentence of hard labor for weapons smugglers who intend to traffic them for terrorist acts . Monday 's deaths came the same day that Syria signed an Arab League proposal aimed at ending the violence . The Arab League expelled Syria over its crackdown . The signing came just days after the Cairo-based group of Arab nations warned it could ask the U.N. Security Council to intervene in the restive country . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem announced Monday that Damascus had signed the deal , insisting : "  We want a political solution . I do not want the killings to go on . " On Tuesday , permanent members of the Arab League met in Cairo , saying they welcomed the signing of the proposal . Members also stressed "  the emphasis and the paramount importance of the commitment of the Syrian government to fully implement " the accord . Syrian opposition leader Burhan Ghalioun was not impressed by the signing of the agreement . "  The Syrian regime is playing games and wants to buy time . We are quite surprised that the Arab League is allowing this to take place , " the head of the Syrian National Council said Monday in comments on Orient TV from Tunisia . Separately , Ghalioun urged the international community to enforce a buffer zone to protect civilians . Council members meeting in Tunisia declined to say whether they would support the use of foreign military force to enforce such a zone , but stressed their belief that international intervention is necessary . "  This regime has proven time and time again that it is a regime built on lies and force , " Ghalioun told CNN . "  We need a safety zone to protect and prevent efforts by the regime to transform the crisis into a civil conflict . " Five Arab League ministers drafted a resolution Saturday calling for the end of violence and approving an observer mission in Syria . World powers have denounced the Syrian government 's activity , saying they are looking for ways to rein in violence and urgently contain the threat of civil war that is reflected in the emergence of the armed defector force . CNN 's Rima Maktabi and Journalists Taylor Luck and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition reports 78 killed , most in Idlib Monday 's toll may be worst of the uprising to date The threat to execute terrorists is a major escalation against protesters The United Nations estimates that about 5,000 have died in Syrian violence this year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The CIA asked the Justice Department to investigate whether former operative John Kiriakou illegally disclosed classified information when he talked about the waterboarding of a terrorism suspect , government officials say . Ex-CIA agent John Kiriakou says he underwent waterboarding in training and cracked in a few seconds . Kiriakou spoke last week with several news organizations , including CNN , after the CIA disclosed that videotapes of certain interrogations were destroyed in 2005 . That revelation has prompted new calls for investigations on Capitol Hill . The Bush administration appeared in U.S. District Court on Friday to answer a judge 's questions about the tapes ' destruction . Speaking to CNN last week , Kiriakou said that U.S. interrogators drew valuable information from al Qaeda captive Abu Zubayda by "  waterboarding " him . But Kiriakou said the procedure amounts to torture and should be stopped . Waterboarding involves pouring a stream of water onto the cellophane-covered face of a suspect to induce the sensation of drowning , Kiriakou said . Watch how a suspect is waterboarded " Kiriakou told CNN he was unaware that CIA interrogations were being taped , but that the tapes should have been kept "  as a matter of historical record . " Kiriakou 's attorney Mark Zaid told CNN that the referral of the case to the Justice Department is standard procedure . "  A criminal referral from the CIA would be both expected and normal under the circumstances , " Zaid said in a written statement . "  It is a routine act that the CIA undertakes even when they know no violation has occurred . " Zaid added that the question is whether the Justice Department will proceed , and that such a decision "  must be measured carefully . " "  Doing so will unlock a Pandora 's box that will place a spotlight on the information in question as to the lawfulness of the alleged conduct and the activities of those involved . " he said . "  There would also exist a challenge regarding whether Mr. Kiriakou was being targeted for exercising his First Amendment rights . " CIA officers who leave the agency are required to sign documents promising never to divulge classified information . Written comments are cleared by an agency review board before publication , and unscripted oral comments -- such as television interviews -- are referred to the Justice Department after the fact . About one case a week is referred to the Justice Department , and an investigation could take months to complete , a source in the intelligence community said . For private citizens found to be in violation of the secrecy standard , penalties can range from loss of security clearances to criminal prosecution leading to jail time . Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd said the department has no comment on the Kiriakou matter , and routinely refuses comment on whether another agency has referred a case . Kiriakou said he was not present when other agents used the waterboarding technique on Abu Zubayda , but that he was told the al Qaeda suspect lasted 30 or 35 seconds . Kiriakou said he himself was subjected to the treatment during his training , and lasted about five seconds before having to stop . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Justice Department must decide whether to pursue investigation Former agent John Kiriakou talked about interrogation technique on TV Kiriakou attorney says probe could cause CIA more problems Administration summoned for court hearing on destroyed tapes
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Tuesday night to approve a Senate bill to avert a feared fiscal cliff . The measure that sought to maintain tax cuts for most Americans but increase rates on the wealthy passed the Democratic-led Senate overwhelmingly early in the day . There was discussion about amending the Senate bill by adding spending cuts , but in the end , House lawmakers voted on the bill as written -- a so-called up or down vote . Get the latest updates from CNN 's political team The legislation would raise roughly $ 600 billion in new revenues over 10 years , according to various estimates . "  I 'd say let 's take the Senate deal , fight another day , " Rep. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , told CNN before the House vote . He predicted the House would pass the bill with a "  pretty strong bipartisan majority . " "  I 'm a very reluctant yes , " said Rep. Nan Hayworth , an outgoing Republican representative from New York . "  This is the best we can do given the Senate and the White House sentiment at this point in time , and it is at least a partial victory for the American people , " she said . "  I 'll take that at this point . " The timing of the vote was crucial , as a new Congress is set to be sworn in Thursday . The legislation averted much of the fiscal cliff 's negative near-term economic impact by extending the Bush-era tax cuts for the majority of Americans . It also extends long-term unemployment benefits that were set to expire . Had the House not acted , and the tax cuts enacted last decade expired fully , broad tax increases would have kicked in , as would $ 110 billion in automatic cuts to domestic and military spending . Read more : 5 things to know about the fiscal cliff Dana Ford and Josh Levs reported from Atlanta ; Dana Bash reported from Washington . CNN 's Ed Payne , Matt Smith , Mike Pearson , Jessica Yellin , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins , Ted Barrett and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : House approves the deal late Tuesday night The vote was an up-or-down vote on the Senate compromise Lawmakers were under a tight deadline ; A new Congress is set to be sworn in Thursday
CNN  -- An Alabama judge on Thursday abruptly dismissed the murder case against a man accused in the scuba-diving death of his newlywed wife off Australia 's coast . The decision from Judge Tommy Nail came near the end of the second full week of David Gabriel "  Gabe " Watson 's trial in Birmingham . According to Ken Glass , the judge 's judicial assistant , Nail dismissed the case "  after the state rested its case against Gabe Watson  and  the defense filed a motion for a judgment of acquittal due to a lack of evidence . " "  I 'm going to grant the defendant 's motion for acquittal . This case is dismissed , " Nail said , prompting an outburst of applause in the courtroom . Afterward , a visibly emotional Watson put his face in his hands , then began hugging people around the room . His 26-year-old wife , Tina , died October 22 , 2003 , while the pair were diving at a historic shipwreck off the Great Barrier Reef -- some 9,000 miles from Birmingham , where the two had wed 11 days earlier . His father , David Watson , called the entire situation "  terrible , it 's tragic , " while expressing satisfaction with the judge 's decision . "  I 'm just thrilled for Gabe , and I just hope everybody can begin to heal , get their lives back together , " said David Watson , calling his son a "  good kid . " Prosecutor Don Valeska said "  this case is over forever , " since there is no appeal possible . "  I strongly disagree with him , " Valeska said of Nail . "  I 'm just extremely stunned , and I 'm at a loss for words . " That sentiment was echoed by Tommy Thomas , Tina 's father , who said "  we 're very disappointed " by Nail 's decision . "  There just seems to be a lot more protection for the accused than there does consideration for the victim , which in this case was Tina , " Thomas said . After his wife 's death , Watson returned from Australia -- where media dubbed him "  The Honeymoon Killer " -- to the United States and remarried five years later . That same year , in 2008 , he pleaded guilty in Australia to criminally negligent manslaughter and subsequently served 18 months in prison in that country . In October 2010 , an Alabama grand jury indicted Watson on two counts -- murder for pecuniary gain and kidnapping where a felony occurred . Those charges were based on the premise that Watson hatched the plot to kill his wife while in Alabama . The doctrine of double jeopardy -- which says that a person can not be tried or punished twice for the same crime -- did not apply because two separate sovereigns , a state government and a foreign government , were seeking to prosecute , said John Lentine , a Birmingham criminal defense attorney and law school professor . After his sentence was complete , the Australian government held Watson for a short time in immigration detention in light of its policy of not extraditing anyone who might face the death penalty . Australian authorities deported him back to the United States after getting assurance from U.S. authorities that "  the death penalty would not be sought , imposed or carried out , " said Sandi Logan , a spokesman for the Australian Department of Immigration and Citizenship . Watson was then arrested , in November 2010 , in Los Angeles . In the opening arguments of Watson 's U.S. trial earlier this month , Assistant Attorney General Andrew Arrington told jurors that Watson had changed his story on what happened several times . The prosecution also alleged that Watson had expected to gain about $ 210,000 in insurance and death benefits due to his new wife 's death . "  This whole case ... is about murder and gain , " Arrington said . But defense attorney Brett Bloomston said that Tina 's father was the beneficiary on her workplace insurance policy . Watson filed for some expenses from a travel policy , but it was denied on a technicality , Bloomston said . His client did sue an insurance company when it denied him an accidental death benefit , the attorney said . "  Gabe never stood to gain anything from Tina 's death ; he lost , " said Bloomston . The defense argued that Tina Watson was wearing too much weight with her suit when she died , and that a strong current , her relative diving inexperience and a pattern of anxiety during dives were contributing factors . During the trial , Judge Nail spelled out what he believed were the basics of the prosecution 's case -- that Gabe Watson had schemed in Alabama to kill his new wife . "  The defendant buys an engagement ring . He gives it to his future bride . He marries her . He plans a trip halfway around the world that 's paid for by him or his family , " Nail said . "  And he did all of that , and planned it all here , so he could go over there and kill her so he could get the same engagement ring he purchased ? " After Thursday 's decision , Bloomston called the entire ordeal a "  nightmare for Gabe and his family  and  a nightmare for Tina and her family . " "  We all wanted justice , we all wanted the court to hear what little information was presented , and the judge determined that it was n't enough , " the lawyer told reporters outside the court . "  We 're just very , very happy that Gabe can get some closure and move on , start his life over . " Amanda Phillips , a friend of Tina Watson , said outside the court that she wanted the jury to decide the case and feels that the "  only justice that comes is the one that God provides , and we will never be there for that day . " "  Watson  knows everything that happened , he knows how it went down , he knows what was involved , he knows what the intent was , he knows what the feelings were , the motives were , " she said . "  He does n't need to have a jury tell him what happened . " CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Tina Watson 's father says his family is "  very disappointed " with the judge 's decision The accused man 's father says , "  I 'm just thrilled for Gabe " Gabe Watson 's 26-year-old wife , Tina , died in 2003 while the newlyweds were scuba diving He pleaded guilty in Australia to negligent manslaughter and was charged in Alabama
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration has launched a "  significant escalation " of covert operations in Iran , sending U.S. commandos to spy on the country 's nuclear facilities and undermine the Islamic republic 's government , journalist Seymour Hersh said Sunday . An Iranian flag flies outside the building containing the reactor of Bushehr nuclear power plant , south of Tehran . White House , CIA and State Department officials declined comment on Hersh 's report , which appears in this week 's issue of The New Yorker . Hersh told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " that Congress has authorized up to $ 400 million to fund the secret campaign , which involves U.S. special operations troops and Iranian dissidents . President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have rejected findings from U.S. intelligence agencies that Iran has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb and "  do not want to leave Iran in place with a nuclear program , " Hersh said . "  They believe that their mission is to make sure that before they get out of office next year , either Iran is attacked or it stops its weapons program , " Hersh said . The new article , "  Preparing the Battlefield , " is the latest in a series of articles accusing the Bush administration of preparing for war with Iran . He based the report on accounts from current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources . Watch Hersh discuss what he says are the administration 's plans for Iran " "  As usual with his quarterly pieces , we 'll decline to comment , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe told CNN . "  The CIA , as a rule , does not comment on allegations regarding covert operations , " CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano said . Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad , denied U.S. raids were being launched from Iraq , where American commanders believe Iran is stoking sectarian warfare and fomenting attacks on U.S. troops . "  I can tell you flatly that U.S. forces are not operating across the Iraqi border into Iran , in the south or anywhere else , " Crocker said . Hersh said U.S. efforts were staged from Afghanistan , which also shares a border with Iran . He said the program resulted in "  a dramatic increase in kinetic events and chaos " inside Iran , including attacks by Kurdish separatists in the country 's north and a May attack on a mosque in Shiraz that killed 13 people . The United States has said it is trying to isolate Iran diplomatically in order to get it to come clean about its nuclear ambitions . But Bush has said "  all options " are open in dealing with the issue . Iran insists its nuclear program is aimed at providing civilian electric power , and refuses to comply with U.N. Security Council demands that it halt uranium enrichment work . U.N. nuclear inspectors say Tehran held back critical information that could determine whether it is trying to make nuclear weapons . Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , conducted a military exercise in the eastern Mediterranean in early June involving dozens of warplanes and aerial tankers . The distance involved in the exercise was roughly the same as would be involved in a possible strike on the Iranian nuclear fuel plant at Natanz , Iran , a U.S. military official said . In 1981 , Israeli warplanes destroyed an Iraqi nuclear reactor . Iran 's parliament speaker , Ali Larijani , warned other countries against moves that would "  cost them heavily . " In comments that appeared in the semi-official Mehr news agency Sunday , an Iranian general said his troops were digging more than 320,000 graves to bury troops from any invading force with "  the respect they deserve . " "  Under the law of war and armed conflict , necessary preparations must be made for the burial of soldiers of aggressor nations , " said Maj. Gen. Mirfaisal Baqerzadeh , an Iranian officer in charge of identifying soldiers missing in action . Journalist Shirzad Bozorghmehr in Tehran , Iran , contributed to this report .	New Yorker article says Congress authorized up to $ 400 million for covert ops in Iran Journalist Seymour Hersh says program is being staged from Afghanistan U.S. officials decline comment , deny the U.S. is launching raids from Iraq Iranian general says troops are building graves for invaders in the event of war
The Seattle Police Department has used weapons either excessively or unnecessarily more than half the time during arrests , the U.S. Justice Department announced Friday . The finding was the result of a lengthy investigation that concluded the Seattle department engaged in a pattern of excessive force in violation of the Constitution and federal law . The investigation , which began in March , was conducted by the U.S. attorney 's office in Washington state along with the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division . "  The problems within SPD have been present for many years and will take time to fix , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division . The Justice Department said it reviewed thousands of pages of documents , including training materials and written policies , video footage , internal reports and investigative files . Hundreds of interviews were conducted with officers , supervisors , city officials , community members and local advocates . The Justice Department also looked at whether the Seattle Police Department used discriminatory policing . According to the Justice Department , it did not make a finding that officers engaged in a pattern of discriminatory policing , but "  the investigation raised serious concerns that some of SPD 's policies and practices , particularly those related to pedestrian encounters , could result in unlawful discriminatory policing . " Investigators looked at a random sample of force reports between 2009 and 2011 and concluded when Seattle Police Department officers use force , they did so in an unconstitutional manner nearly 20 % of the time . It found officers too quickly resorted to using impact weapons such as batons and flashlights . "  SPD officers escalate situations , and use unnecessary or excessive force , when arresting individuals for minor offenses , " the Justice Department said . "  This trend is pronounced in encounters with persons with mental illnesses or those under the influence of alcohol or drugs . " Justice officials found that problems within the police department were exacerbated by the large number of less-experienced officers . Approximately one-third of the officers had three years or less experience , and more were likely to be hired , as another 350 officers were retirement eligible . "  Proper leadership , training  including mentoring  , and oversight are critical for molding this next generation of SPD officers , " said Justice officials in a letter sent to Seattle Mayor Michael McGinn and Police Chief John Diaz . In an effort to restore public confidence and trust , the Seattle Police Department has begun to implement a number of remedial measures , including new force policies and training for officers on how to conduct effective and constitutional policing , according to the Justice Department . "  We remain optimistic about the changes that are to come . Failure is not an option , " Perez said .	Seattle police have a pattern of excessive force , federal officials say A joint federal-state investigation of the department began in March . The investigation also raised concerns about discriminatory policing , officials said
Growing up as a child in Damascus , it was evident that the current president of Syria , Bashar al-Assad , was first perceived by majority of Syrian people as a shy , reserved , introverted , weak , and hesitant child . He seemed to inherit none of his father 's  Hafez al-Assad  or his brothers '  Maher and Bassel al-Assad  intelligence , strength , and leadership skills . Even Bashar 's physical appearance -- his tall and thin frame -- added to his image as a frail person in the eyes of the majority of Syrian people . But , more fundamentally , the invisible hand of history would soon sweep away these perceptions and prove the majority wrong . How did the blue-eyed , tall , Western-educated ophthalmologist and reserved al-Assad , the one who was trained as a doctor to diagnose and eradicate diseases , so misgovern the domestic , regional , geopolitical and socio-economic affairs of Syria ? How did the soft-spoken , withdrawn al-Assad , who favors a thin mustache , transcend into one of the most despised political figures of his generation ? Before Bashar al-Assad became president , he was viewed by various Syrian social groups as rather bookish , not someone with the instincts or the drive to lead a country . Even a sympathizer with the Assad regime , an Alawite named Abu Hisham said to me : "  Bashar can not stand against powers such as Israel and the United States . We need a leader who is strong like Bassel . " "  He 's certainly not a leader , " my cousin  who was later killed in the recent uprising  and his friends would say of Bashar before he assumed power . Bashar 's destiny changed dramatically when he received a phone call from his father Hafez al-Assad in 1994 . While studying at the Western Eye Hospital in England to be a professional ophthalmologist -- and later live a luxurious life in the West -- he was told to return to Damascus . The news of his older brother , Bassel 's death in a car accident had reached Bashar and changed the direction of his life . Bassel was a parachutist , an accomplished athlete , a ladies ' man , and an outgoing statesman being groomed to succeed his father as president . As Bashar was far from the public eye and not as involved in political affairs , Hafez al-Assad and his old guard advisors trained Bashar for several years in military and political affairs , along with Socialist Ba'ath and secular ideals . The military and ideological training of the al-Assads ' old guard altered Bashar . However , Bashar al-Assad seems to have a distinct vision for Syria , other than the Socialist Ba'ath agenda of his father 's old guard . While he endorsed the old guard 's use of hard power and mass repression , the lifestyle and wealth of the West still occupied al-Assad 's mind when he assumed power . In his inaugural speech , Bashar al-Assad emphasized that it was time to begin modernizing Syria . He stated : "  I shall try my very best to lead our country towards a future that fulfils the hopes and legitimate ambitions of our people . " While Hafez al-Assad and the old guard favored the more fundamentally socialist agenda of the Ba'ath party and attempted to gain legitimacy and support through minorities  Christians , Alawite , Shiite , and Druze  , Bashar al-Assad focused on gradually adopting economic liberalization , neo-liberal and capitalist policies . This economic policy change intended to accumulate capital and wealth for the gilded inner circle , as well as to gain the support of other crucial social base -- the business class -- besides minorities . Bashar al-Assad miscalculated his policy changes though , as economic liberalization requires parallel political liberations . While Bashar al-Assad transferred public assets into the hands of his inner circle and top members of the business class , he resisted political liberations , equality , and redistribution of the wealth . He also increased the political repressions against political dissidents and human rights activists . Those social groups , that opposed the trained doctor , became the diagnosed diseases which had to be eradicated . In addition , his policies tremendously increased the gap between the rich and poor . Bashar al-Assad also allowed Iran to enjoy greater influence in Syria . Internal clashes and tensions between Bashar al-Assad and the old guard founding members of the Alawite-Ba ` athist and socialist regime of Hafez al-Assad occurred . Men such as Ali Duba  the former head of the Syrian military intelligence and a close adviser to Hafez al-Assad  , as well as hardliners such as Maher al-Assad  Bashar al-Assad 's brother and commander of the Republican Guard and the Army 's elite Fourth Armored Division  disagreed with Bashar 's departure from Socialist Ba'ath policies . Bashar and his inner circle did gain short-term benefits , however , the long-term consequences sparked in March 2011 . When the popular uprising erupted , Bashar focused on retaining the support of three significant social and political groups : the business class , the minorities  Alawite , Christians , Shiite , Druze , etc  , and his hard power apparatuses  the army , Shabiha , snipers , intelligence , police , etc  . Additionally , Bashar responded to the uprising with mixed reactions , on one hand offering promises and on the other enforcing mass repression . Bashar also allowed the empowerment and return of the old guard and hardliners such as one of the orchestrators of the Hama massacre Ali Duba and Maher al-Assad . For Bashar , Maher , and the old guard , tolerance for dissidents and compromise meant encouragement of further revolt . Bashar al-Assad and the old guard managed to survive as Syria 's civil war has entered into its third year . Besides the mass repression and use of brute force , a crucial reason that the regime has been able to retain power is that a considerable amount of the business class , the minorities , and the army have not yet defected . Secondly , Bashar is cognizant of the international political structure and how he can use the strategic and geopolitical significance of Syria in order to gain financial , military , and intelligence support from the Islamic Republic of Iran , Hezbollah , and Russia . Thirdly , Bashar al-Assad has been capable of creating distinct narratives among the minorities , the business class and the West . Finally , Bashar has worked to pass off , to the international community , the idea that there is no better or more efficient alternative to his rule . As Bashar al-Assad has repeatedly argued , either he , or the "  terrorists " will rule Syria . He has infused this argument with a threat -- that if he does not rule over a unified Syria , he can instigate as conflict throughout the region and turn the nation into a conflagration .	Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was seen as a reserved child , writes Majid Rafizadeh But how did this Western-educated ophthalmologist misgovern Syria , asks Rafizadeh Al-Assad 's distinct vision was to modernize Syria to assimilate the Western world Rafizadeh says during the Arab Spring , al-Assad focused on retaining support of three groups
TILCARA , Argentina  CNN  -- Carmen Salva 's mission may be ambitious , but her belief is simple : "  It 's never too early to start caring for the land you live in and grow up in . " Carmen Salva : "  It 's a great joy to know that I am preparing a new generation to respect the environment . " That 's why on Saturdays , Salva and a group of 60 to 100 students , parents and teachers can be found venturing into the high altitude of their northern Argentina mountains , trash bags in hand and llamas in tow . They 're part of Esperanza de Vida  Hope for Life  , Salva 's youth environmental group that is out to clean up the surroundings , one plastic bottle at a time . Salva , 49 , was born and raised in the Jujuy province of northern Argentina , an area known for its rich culture and spectacular vistas -- "  the reason why most people fall in love with it , " says Salva . But despite its beauty , Salva says there 's no real environmental consciousness in her community . "  We have a lot of issues to work on -- the problem of water contamination ; there 's so much trash , " Salva says . "  We ca n't just think that it will take care of itself . " Salva , who has been a teacher in Jujuy for 20 years , says the environmental issues are n't recent ones . Ten years ago , she and her students noticed a lot of trash outside the school . "  The parks surrounding the school were littered with plastic bottles and beer bottles , " recalls Salva . They began volunteering with a government program , collecting and bagging waste in the area . But the program waned after a year , and students and teachers could no longer continue their environmental efforts . "  Our city had no formal recycling program or even knowledge of why it was important to learn about fresh water , forestation , and the importance of recycling , " says Salva . So Salva began Esperanza de Vida in 1997 to organize and lead young participants in "  making our streets and our environment cleaner . " "  I believe that change begins with the youth , " says Salva . "  They will teach future generations how to care for nature and everything that surrounds us . " At first , the group 's activities were limited to cleaning parks near and around the school . But the organization 's efforts have expanded well beyond the immediate area , and other Jujuy schools have joined in . About 150 people now take part , including about 80 children . Salva says her students are deeply impacted by the "  Pachamama " concept , or caring for Mother Earth . She and fellow teachers have noticed their students apply as much energy and commitment to the weekend environmental activities as they do to their general subjects . "  Some even wait by my house on Saturday for the program to begin , " beams Salva . The group convenes early in the morning to hike together into the mountains , where they work for hours , picking up trash and separating recyclables . Watch Salva talk about her program 's impact on the students and their environment " "  We have long days and we accomplish a lot . It gets tiring because it 's a lot of walking and sometimes there are cliffs , " says Salva . " -LSB- But -RSB- the students enjoy it a lot . They 're making changes while having fun . " On an average Saturday cleanup , it 's not unusual for the group to collect roughly 60 bags of trash for recycling , clearing thousands of bottles from the mountains . The llamas help carry the heavy load down from the mountains . "  The children call them the little eco-llamas . " Watch Salva discuss another way the llamas help her group in the mountains " The local government has also pitched in , helping to provide transport of the collected recyclables to the drop-off center , located nearly 50 miles from Tilcara . Salva says the group is making strides , raising awareness throughout her community , continually adding new volunteers , and implementing new projects . Carmen says the children are even teaching their parents to care for the environment around them . Watch Salva and her group in action in the mountains " "  It 's a great joy to know that I am preparing a new generation to respect the environment , " says Salva . "  Their children 's children will have another mentality , and -LSB- our -RSB- goal will be accomplished . "	Teacher in Argentina started youth group to help clean up the environment About 150 people take part , including about 80 children On an average Saturday , they often collect about 60 bags of trash for recycling Llamas help carry the thousands of bottles down from the mountains
We all hope the apparent cease-fire between Israel and Hamas will hold . However , we must recognize that Hamas and its terrorist partners bear responsibility for instigating the latest round of this conflict and need to refrain from further rocket and terrorist attacks . Israel exercised its inherent right to self-defense only after weeks of unprovoked attacks against civilian targets . Having picked a fight like a playground bully , Hamas can not now credibly claim to be a victim . Israel , like the United States , places a premium on avoiding collateral damage and has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on sophisticated weaponry to minimize to the greatest extent possible civilian casualties . Hamas intentionally launches unguided rockets into densely populated areas to cause wanton destruction and kill as many innocents as possible . Hamas exploits their own citizens as human shields , locating rocket stockpiles in population centers , hopeful that images of dead Palestinians will rally the world to their extremist cause . It is important to understand how this conflict started and how responsibly Israel has behaved , but also how future conflicts with Hamas can be prevented . Israel has made tremendous progress in reducing Hamas ' capacity to threaten Israel and in restoring its deterrence . Israel 's military operations in Gaza have been informed by impressively accurate intelligence and have been conducted with great precision and success . Significant stocks of long-range rockets have been destroyed , although remaining weapons stockpiles -- located in densely populated areas -- may require risky ground operations to secure should Hamas resume firing at Israel . For any enduring cease-fire , the onus must be on Hamas to control its fighters , cease rocket attacks , abandon terrorism and accept Israel 's right to exist -- conditions it has long refused to accept despite Israel 's commitment to a two-state solution and persistent willingness to negotiate with its Palestinian neighbors . After Israel-Gaza : Who won , who lost ? Israel 's Arab neighbors have an important role to play . Egypt deserves credit for its efforts to craft a cease-fire , but initial inflammatory public statements and actions of its leaders unfortunately served mainly to legitimize Hamas . If Egypt is serious about playing a positive role in the region , it will redouble its efforts to combat terrorist activities in the Sinai , police its border with Gaza , and prevent Iran and others from resupplying Hamas with rockets and other weapons . If Hamas rearms , it will be only a matter of time before the cease-fire breaks down . Opinion : In Israel-Hamas clash , Iran casts a shadow Despite President Obama 's friendship with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan , his recent behavior has been incredibly disappointing . Erdogan , not for the first time , this week referred to Israel as a ` terrorist state ' and has solely blamed Israel for the conflict , despite Hamas ' preceding campaign of terror . Erdogan 's anti-Israel positions are well known , but his inability to see in Hamas ' behavior any wrongdoing whatsoever is deeply disturbing . Turkey and Israel for many years had a positive relationship . Their shared interests and democratic values should overcome the obstacles of Erdogan 's personal views and provocative statements . Israelis look fondly upon Turkey and its people , and they desire a better relationship with this important NATO country . Turkey can play an important role in the region , as it has done in Syria , but its ability to be a responsible partner is badly hindered by Erdogan 's staunch defense of a terrorist group . Opinion : Israel , face new reality : Talk to Hamas The behavior of Qatar is similarly disappointing . Qatar 's emir recently visited Gaza and promised $ 400 million in aid to the terrorist rump-state , and it 's no coincidence that Hamas ' escalation took place in the wake of the emir 's visit and his promise of cold hard cash . Such efforts from Qatar , Egypt and Turkey not only legitimize Hamas ' violent strategy and embolden its militant leaders , but also marginalize the official Palestinian Authority government of President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad . Hamas ' influence and ability to threaten Israel militarily is greatly enhanced by the Islamic Republic of Iran . Long a patron of Hamas , Iran provides significant resources and weapons to Hamas and other terrorists in Gaza . Indeed , the longer-range rockets fired at Tel Aviv and Jerusalem are gifts of Tehran , provided for use against the Jewish state . Any enduring solution must consider the pressing need to cut Iran 's military supply lines to terrorists in Gaza . The conflict in Gaza -- as well as the one in Syria -- demonstrates that the threat posed by Iran goes well beyond its pursuit of nuclear weapons . Indeed , the most pressing challenge for Obama in his second term may be the dual task of thwarting Iran 's push for nuclear weapons and combating its support for terrorism . News : Gaza conflict leaves a ` cruel paradox ' for Palestinians The international community and especially the neighboring Arab and Muslim states , if they truly care for the Palestinians , should make clear that terrorism will never earn the Palestinians statehood and encourage all Palestinian parties to return to the negotiating table to seek a peaceful solution to this decades-long conflict . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Eric Cantor : There 's a difference between the actions of Hamas and Israel He says Hamas fires rockets indiscriminately into civilian areas ; Israel defends itself Cantor : Support from Turkey and Qatar encourages Hamas ' aggression He says for cease-fire to last , Hamas must stop terrorism , accept Israel 's right to exist
Seoul  CNN  -- They were once referred to as the "  Vatican 's spies . " But one Christian hopes attitudes towards missionaries are changing in North Korea . Father John Park has been a welcome and regular guest at Pyongyang 's only recognized Catholic Church since 2000 . "  When we first arrived at Changchung Church , North Korean followers came out ... then immediately rushed to a nun who traveled with me and jumped up and down bursting into tears , " said Father Park , a South Korean priest with Missionaries of the Sacred Heart . "  These people have n't seen a nun in 50 years . That 's when I realized that they are indeed followers . " North Korea is accused of widespread religious persecution and the United States claims its few state-run churches exist simply to give the appearance of religious freedom . ` Silent church ' Its Catholic Church is known as the "  silent church . " It has no ties with the Vatican and there is not one single residing priest in the country . There are strict controls over what is permitted -- many religious processes such as confession are out of the question . A confidential one-on-one conversation between a South Korean -- even if that person is a priest -- and a North Korean is impossible and both could be accused of espionage . In the 1970s , Pyongyang proudly insisted that the country was "  free from religious superstitions , " according to South Korea 's Unification Ministry . The reclusive regime is officially atheist . Then for no apparent reason , the authorities in the North created a small number of churches and temples in the late 1980s , all of them under very strict government control . And Changchung Catholic Church was one of them . Father Park has been holding mass annually at a church in Pyongyang for North Korean Catholic followers despite criticism that they may be "  fake " believers . Over the course of 14 years traveling to the North , he said he 's interacted with many of the church 's congregation and believes they 're genuine . He recalled one man , known only as "  Mr. Cha , " who died four years ago . "  Mr. Cha was a follower before the Korean War and his dream since young was to become a priest . He lived alone waiting for a chance to either go to China or Rome to become a priest . " In 1945 , North Korea had an estimated 50,000 Catholics , according to the South Korean Catholic Bishops Conference of Korea  CBCK  . Around 20,000 are believed to have defected to China before Japan 's long occupation of the Korean peninsula was ended at the end of World War II . There was also around 300 foreign and local clergy in the North during the time , most of whom went missing , were executed or died in prison , according to the CBCK . Aging church Many followers at Changchung Church were baptized before the Korean War  1950-53  , and many have died , Father Park said . He believes the congregation has dropped from about 150 to 100 since 2000 . "  A lot of people are ailing and if followers from the older generation die , things could get difficult . There may not be too many followers in North Korea but we should open-mindedly help and support them , " Father Park said . "  Like a mindset of a shepherd , we should treat them with warm heart , " he added . North Korea 's state-run Korean Catholic Association claims it has about 3,000 "  registered Catholics , " while the United Nations puts the number at 800 . Nevertheless , members of religious groups , as well as the groups themselves , are often criticized as being fake . "  The North Korean government is tolerant of a small controlled religious presence within the country or is willing to fake such presence , " said Andrei Lankov , an associate professor in social sciences at Kookmin University in South Korea . "  Even if some members are true believers , they are selected by the government . The police authorities , the secret police , is checking your background , " he said . North Korea 's constitution does allow its people to practice religion . However , in the same constitution , it also says it wo n't allow it to be "  used for drawing in foreign forces or for harming the State or social order . " Kenneth Bae , an American citizen who was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in North Korea , was accused of bringing down the government through religious activities . And he is not the only missionary to be detained in the country . "  From their  North Korea 's  point of view , it is a very real threat . Right now , Christianity seems to be their most dangerous ideological challenge to the existing regime , " said Lankov .	North Korea is accused of widespread religious persecution Father John Park has been making regular visits to a church in the North But many commentators say followers of the North 's state-controlled church are fake
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Marta Umbelina pulled up in front of her house with her 11-year-old daughter . When she stepped out of the car , she was shot 10 times in the back . Umbelina was an office worker at Sao Paulo 's Military Police Northern Command -- and she is one of nearly 100 cops murdered in Sao Paulo this year , roughly 50 percent higher than 2011 . Most were ambushed while off duty , part of a deadly battle between police and Brazil 's biggest criminal gang , the First Command of the Capital or PCC by its Portuguese acronym . "  Marta was my friend , my colleague , she knew everything about me , " said Simone Mello , a police officer who worked with Marta at a desk job . "  Why her ? Why Marta ? We 're just very sad , " she said . Police raid Brazilian slums In a bid to rein in the PCC , Sao Paulo launched Operation Saturation at the end of October . The government sent at least 500 police troops into the city 's biggest shantytown Paraisopolis , or Paradise City . They arrested dozens of alleged gang leaders , confiscated arms and drugs and even found a list with the names and addresses of 40 military police on it . But police are n't the only casualties in this escalating war . The number of homicides in Sao Paulo has jumped to almost 1,000 so far this year , largely concentrated in favelas or slums . For January to October 2011 there were 869 homicides , according to Sao Paulo government figures . Some police are also being investigated for execution-style murders . "  Poor neighborhoods are caught in the crossfire , " said Camila Nunes Dias , a professor at the Center for the Study of Violence at Sao Paulo University . "  They suffer the consequences and we know that a lot of innocent people are being killed . " She said she believes the spiral of violence began in May when the Sao Paulo state government took a more aggressive stance against the PCC and drug gangs . The PCC got its start in Sao Paulo prisons and often controls the country 's drug trade from jail cells . The Justice Ministry recently offered to send in Army troops to help quell the violence , as it has in done previously in Rio de Janeiro slums . But the Sao Paulo government declined the offer . Instead they agreed to have alleged gang leaders transferred to more secure federal prisons and share intelligence more efficiently . In the meantime , Operation Saturation has spread to other slums . Police traverse the steep hills and sprawling shantytowns on horseback and motorcycles carrying out raids . On a recent incursion into the northern favela , Brasilandia , police formed a human chain as they climbed the steep hills with their guns drawn . They frisked young men and pulled over motorcycles , suspected of carrying anything from drugs to hired killers . Residents of Sao Paulo 's slums are divided . "  It 's a relief , it 's very quiet now , " said an older woman on her way to work . But another woman carrying her baby said : "  Now that it 's full of police , I get very scared . I get worried about a shootout or confrontation . " Many argue that when the police leave , things will revert to the brutal status quo unless far-reaching community projects are introduced to improve public access to services like schools and hospitals . "  It 's not just a question of sending in police , " said Joildo Santos , a spokesman for the Paraisopolis Residents Association . "  You have to have public works that give young people opportunities , alternatives . "	Police strike back after about 100 cops killed by gang in Sao Paulo , Brazil Operation Saturation stages raids in shantytowns ; dozens arrested In one raid on the PCC gang a possible hit list of police officers was found Locals concerned that when the police leave , the gangs will not
CNN  -- If I may speak for some of the dads who have spoken to me over time , this year , our kids can skip the ties , golf clubs and fishing poles . What many of us really want for Father 's Day is an attitude adjustment for our kids . There 's a story that a friend shared a few months ago that really made an impression on me -- as it did a roomful of other middle-aged parents who are struggling with raising their toddlers or teenagers . One day , my friend said , he walked into his house and casually told his teenage son that he needed some help with some minor chore outside . The son , who had been playing video games , was clearly bothered . Exasperated , he said , "  Dad , whenever you ask me to do stuff like this , it 's just such an inconvenience . " Showing more restraint than I would have at that moment , my friend calmly apologized to his son for disturbing him . Then he picked up the phone , and fired his landscaper . Next , my friend sat down at the computer and ordered a gift for his son : a brand new lawnmower . This summer , the teenager -- who is now responsible for doing all the yard work at the family home -- is learning the true meaning of the word , "  inconvenience . " It 's a great story . But what I found most interesting was the crowd 's reaction . It amounted to thunderous applause . It was as if they were ready to name my friend , "  Father of the Year . " There must be a whole segment of Americans who are thirsty for this message . They 're worried that in trying not to be too hard on their children , they 've gone too far in the other direction and turned too soft . They 're concerned that they 've been too lenient on their kids , too eager to cater to their whims , too quick to spoil them and too determined to convince them that they 're special . This was all done with the best intentions , but it has produced some bad results . Modern fathers face new expectations Now , I suspect , a lot of people are experiencing a kind of parents ' remorse . Many of us were raised in strict homes full of rules and expectations where mom and dad never tried to be our friends and were n't shy about yanking us back in line . And so , when we became parents , we took a different road . We bought into the philosophy that children needed unlimited self-esteem , maximum freedom and minimal pressure to succeed in life or contribute to society . We taught our kids to think of themselves as entitled and to see themselves as the center of the universe . Now instead of parents having expectations of their children , children have expectations of how their parents are supposed to behave . We 're here to serve them , to make their lives as comfortable and convenient as possible . One father told me recently that all he wants from his kids is a little gratitude . That 's it . He wants them to show even the slightest bit of appreciation for all that their parents are working hard to provide them . Things come too easy to them , he said . Whatever they want , they get . Now they 've forgotten even how to say a simple , "  thank you . " Another father told me that he wants his teenage kids to toughen up a bit before they leave home in a few years and enter the real world . He would like for them to understand that , if you want something , you ca n't just demand it . You have to work for it . You have to earn it . As for me , I 'm getting more comfortable with the idea of making demands on my children -- ages 8 , 6 and 4 . This Father 's Day , and for all the rest to come , here 's what they can give me : I want each of them to stop acting like an only child , and learn to share everything with their siblings , including their parents ' time and attention ; I want them to get out of their heads this corrosive idea that the world revolves around them , and all that matters at any given moment of the day is what they want , need or feel ; and I want them to treat people better , starting with their family members , and then moving on to complete strangers , and not look down on anyone -- ever . Of course , the rub is that this is what parents are for . It 's our job to instill these values and teach children how to become good people . It does n't happen organically . And it wo n't happen magically . It 'll only happen if we set the standards and and lay down the law when they 're not met . And fathers have a special role to play in all of this . It 's not easy being a good dad . In fact , it 's exhausting . And it can often be frustrating . In fact , frankly , a lot of fathers decide it is too hard . They give up , check out , hang back and essentially let their kids raise themselves . It 's one of the reasons why we got into this mess . The only way out is for fathers to get back in the game . We have to be present in our children 's lives . Forget about being their friends . They have friends . They need fathers . We have to be in our kids ' faces , just like Grandpa and Dad used to be . And for the same reason -- because we care enough not to be anywhere else . Happy Father 's Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : What we want for Father 's Day is an attitude adjustment for our kids Navarrette : Many fathers worry they coddle their kids and produce spoiled brats He says it 's our job to instill strong values and teach children how to become good people Navarrette : Fathers should n't check out , hang back and let their kids raise themselves
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic escaped serious injury when a crowd barrier collapsed on him after his singles win at the Hopman Cup in Perth Monday . The World No. 1 had just beaten Italy 's Andreas Seppi in straight sets and was signing autographs for young fans at the side of the court . But as they pushed forward , the barrier gave way and fell onto the Serbian star 's legs . Clearly shaken , Djokovic went down onto his haunches with his hands on his knees before walking gingerly off court . He canceled his post-match press conference while he received treatment , but did return later to play in the mixed doubles with Serbian teammate Ana Ivanovic . A jet lagged Djokovic , who had only arrived in the western Australian city on Sunday evening after winning an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi , later played down the incident . "  I am good , " he told gathered reporters . "  It was a bit of a shock and I am glad that the children involved are okay . I am fine . " Djokovic is using the mixed team event as preparation for his bid for a third straight Australian Open title next month . After his 6-3 6-4 win over Seppi , Ivanovic polished off Francesca Schiavone 6-0 6-4 to make sure Serbia made a winning start to their campaign with an unassailable 2-0 lead . The 25-year-old Djokovic showed no ill effects of his injury scare during the dead mixed doubles rubber , but he and Ivanovic were beaten 7-6 6-4 by Seppi and Schiavone . Hosts Australia are next up for the Serbians Wednesday as Djokovic tunes up for this defense of the opening grand slam of the season . The action gets underway in Melbourne on January 14 , but Rafael Nadal , beaten by Djokovic in an epic final in 2012 , has already withdrawn after being hit by a stomach virus as he recovered from a long term injury .	Novak Djokovic beats Andrea Seppi in his opening match at Hopman Cup Djokovic put Serbia 1-0 ahead in the mixed team event in Perth Crowd barrier fell on the World No. 1 as he signed autographs He received treatment but was able to play in later mixed doubles match
CNN  -- The American people should sue Washington 's chattering class for whiplash . Just a few days ago , when Paul Ryan was selected by Mitt Romney to be his running mate , there was a burst of media euphoria . The nomination was a game changer . Ryan was an ideas guy . He would elevate what to date had been a lackluster campaign . He had killer abs . But within 48 hours , the so-called "  narrative " had changed . The narrative is not actual facts . It is how those facts look after they 've been run through the political spin cycle . Thanks to modern technology , the whole process of spinning narratives that once took weeks , now happens in the blinking of an eye . Twitter , in its manic frenzy , hopped up on bite-size bits of emotion-filled social interaction , condenses months into hours , news cycles into moments , but without any of the perspective that time or thought brings . Within a few ticks of the clock of Ryan bounding down the gangplank of the USS Wisconsin , he went from "  It boy " to calamity . Comments about his hair and his missing necktie were so rapidly and extensively commented upon that they had become clichÃ © s before they could be written about in the next morning 's paper . Saturday , he was a bold stroke . By Tuesday , Ryan was a potential liability . Old people were sure to hate him . And once an America that 's a bit on the chubby side took note of his 6 % body fat , he would be a goner . Ryan Rages Against the Machine What had promised to be the beginning of a long overdue debate about "  big ideas " was now seen , often by the same commentators who were upbeat days earlier , as a trigger for more hopelessly divisive bickering . Meanwhile , seemingly cooler heads sniffed that this was n't much of a story in the first place . After all , this was all about a vice presidential nomination . John Nance Garner 's quip about the vice presidency not being worth "  a bucket of warm spit " was dusted off as it is every four years , this time with a little more seeming relevance since Garner was , back in 1932 , the last sitting House member to "  ascend " to veepdom . Ezra Klein , writing for The Washington Post , suggested it was likely the pick did n't "  much matter at all , " asserting "  that 's usually what happens with vice presidential picks . " So , let 's take a step back now that we have the Olympian perspective half a week offers . Does the pick matter ? Could it ? How ? First , the conventional wisdom that vice presidential picks do n't matter is just wrong . For more than half a century , vice presidents and vice presidential nominees have had a huge impact . Dwight Eisenhower 's vice president , Richard Nixon , became president . John F. Kennedy 's vice president , Lyndon Johnson , became president . One of Nixon 's vice presidents , Spiro Agnew , was at the center of a scandal . His next one , Gerald Ford , became president . Jimmy Carter elevated the vice presidency into a real position of policy-partnership , giving Walter Mondale an unprecedented role , which led him to be the Democratic presidential nominee in 1984 . Reagan 's vice president , George H.W. Bush , became president . Bill Clinton 's vice president , Al Gore , was a true policy partner , won the popular vote in the 2000 presidential election and later picked up a Nobel Prize . George W. Bush 's vice president , Dick Cheney , was the most powerful vice president in history . Joe Biden is both a policy partner and , as his "  back in chains " gaffe showed , he is still a headline grabber . And even losing nominees for the office , from Lloyd Bentsen to Jack Kemp to Joe Lieberman to John Edwards and Sarah Palin , have had a lasting impact . Ghitis : Will Romney take the U.S. to war ? Thus , even if Ryan were not one of the leaders of perhaps the single most influential new political movement in America in the past decade , the tea party-aligned deficit hawks of "  the New Right , " he , as a vice presidential pick , would immediately vault to the forefront of U.S. politics . Already his budget plan is one of the defining documents of that movement , and thrust him to the forefront of it . Naturally , this makes him a lightning rod for criticism from Democrats -- even though in the past , Democratic budget experts such as Ron Wyden and Erskine Bowles praised his command of the numbers -- but could also be the trigger for a debate that Democrats , if they believe in their principles , should welcome . Demagoguery is the temptation for both camps and seems preferred by most of their hired guns and super PAC supporters . But they do n't have to rule the day . A top Democratic donor friend of mine , former Loral Space & Communications chief executive Bernard Schwartz , sees an alternative approach . "  I see an opportunity , " he told me , "  for the two candidates to present their adversarial cases as best they know how on the basis of principles rather than irrelevancies like how many years of tax disclosure has been made . " He went on to add , "  Let 's view this selection of Ryan as the beginning of the development of a true Republican national viewpoint and let 's view it as a challenge to President Obama to stop going after Romney personally and to speak to the core issues . Both sides have to have the courage to own their ideas , defend them and make the case for the sacrifices any serious approach will entail . This could help elevate that and the debate and give the American people the kind of true choice they deserve right now . " ' Encouragingly , this is a view echoed in the comments of thought leaders in the Republican Party such as commentators David Brooks , Charles Krauthammer or Bill Bennett . That 's significant because as important as the vice presidential pick actually is , the greater vices with which we must contend in contemporary politics are the tendency to demonize our opponents and to chase after the rapidly moving but ephemeral targets set by the social-networking shouting match . Paul Ryan 's Gen X sensibilities an asset This is not just dangerous because it 's vapid , alienates voters and sheds no light on anything . It 's dangerous because sometimes in their zeal for the spotlight or their love of scorched earth politics , candidates , campaign advisers and partisan commentators forget that both sides in this contest are us . In the end , as appealing as substantive debate is , it 's not enough . Because debate that is not followed by the cooperation required for action is wasted . That is why we must hope that both sides see the possibilities for turning this vice presidential pick , like him or not , into a catalyst for the change in the character of our politics that our times require . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Pundits whipsaw on Paul Ryan -- first he 's game changer , then liability He says VP picks matter ; historically VPs influential , sometimes become president He says Ryan pick could spur needed debate , clarify choice in election Rothkopf : Substantive debate great but must be followed by cooperation on action
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate has moved quickly , in Washington terms , to confirm a replacement for slain federal Judge John Roll , killed in the mass shooting at a Tucson shopping center in January . Jennifer Guerin Zipps was elevated from a magistrate to a seat on the U.S. District Court in Arizona . She works in the same Tucson courthouse as her predecessor . As a former federal prosecutor Zipps , 47 , had appeared often in Roll 's courtroom . President Barack Obama nominated Zipps in June , and she was confirmed late Monday by a Senate voice vote . The seat was declared a "  judicial emergency " because of Roll 's death , other bench vacancies , and a rapidly growing caseload fueled by illegal immigration cases . Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , praised the bipartisan cooperation that led to the relatively swift action on Zipps , saying it "  sets the benchmark for how judicial nominations should be being treated . " Senate Democrats have been pushing for similar action on another pending District Court nominee in Arizona , Rosemary Marquez . Five other judicial nominees also were confirmed by the Senate this week . Democrats and Republicans have been at odds over the pace of confirming judges for lifetime positions on the federal bench . Sen. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa , ranking GOP member on the Judiciary Committee criticized the president for not moving faster to fill the Roll vacancy . "  It was deemed to be a judicial emergency instantly . However , it took over five months for the administration to nominate " Zipps , Grassley said . Roll , 63 , was among five killed by gunfire outside a Safeway store January 8 . Thirteen others were wounded , including Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona . The suspect , Jared Lee Loughner , is being forcibly medicated to determine whether he will someday be competent to stand trail on capital murder charges .	Judge Jennifer Guerin Zipps , nominated in June , wins approval She replaces Judge John Roll , who died in the Tucson shooting in January Her approval was expedited ; Democrats and GOP take jabs at each other
Editor 's note : Erica Williams is deputy director of Campus Progress , a project of the Center for American Progress , a Washington-based organization that describes itself as dedicated to progressive causes . She works to engage the millennial generation and other underrepresented communities in the political process . She can be found at ericawilliamsonline.com and on twitter at @ericawilliamsdc . Erica Williams says Ted Kennedy consistently exemplified the hope for an open , just and inclusive America . CNN  -- Sen. Edward "  Ted " Kennedy may have been 77 years old , but he embodied the spirit , determination and core values of my generation -- the millenials -- in a way that no other senator has in our lifetime . How ironic that the passing of one of the oldest and longest serving senators has left me , a 25-year-old woman , frantically searching for a fierce , dedicated ally for causes that concern young Americans . As a young person with equal parts hope in -- and criticism of -- America 's body politic , I value the length of time Kennedy spent championing the causes of those constituencies that are traditionally underrepresented in the political process and also the tenacity , savvy and consistency with which he did it . When I first began working in politics , advocating for the political empowerment and representation of young people , I quickly learned that Kennedy not only fought for us , but also eagerly and wholeheartedly worked with us . He spoke at student rallies , held press conferences with youth organizations and ensured that his staff kept an open and accessible ear to the interests , concerns and needs of those of us who worked full time to engage young people . Ultimately , the proof was in the pudding . Some of his most memorable accomplishments were those that centered on young people in an explicit way . In 1970 , at the height of the Vietnam War , when young men were dying in record numbers , Kennedy championed an amendment to the Voting Rights Act that lowered the voting age from 21 to 18 . He felt that those old enough to risk their lives for their country were old enough to have a voice in its elections . Kennedy was also a consistent , hard-working and effective advocate for making higher education affordable and accessible . He steadily worked toward his goal of reforming the student financial system and played a valuable role in nearly every major federal student-aid program in our nation 's history , from Pell Grants in 1972 to the Academic Competitiveness and SMART Grants for high-achieving low-income students in 2006 . He was also a chief architect of the federal direct-loan program , in which the government lends money to students through their colleges . He consistently opposed efforts to eliminate programs and offered dozens of budget amendments to increase the maximum Pell Grant . He worked to reauthorize the Higher Education Act in 2008 , which expanded federal grant aid , put new regulations in place to prevent abuse of student lending , simplified the student application process for federal aid and established debt forgiveness for public service . Even as he neared the end of his life , Kennedy prioritized those at the beginning of their own . He championed the Serve America Act , signed into law just this year , which created 175,000 positions in public service in AmeriCorps and other organizations that work on education , health care , energy and veterans services . But these policies speak only partially to his connection to young people . The surge of young voters who came to the polls in record numbers last year were n't just voting for a candidate . Nor were they voting for an "  issue . " They were voting for a political philosophy , culture and core set of values that were overwhelmingly progressive . Social justice , equality , economic opportunity , accountability , openness of government , inclusiveness -- this was the foundation of the 2008 youth vote mandate . It was in this way perhaps , greater than any other , that the current generation of young people identified with and appreciated the work of Ted Kennedy . Beyond his role in advocating policies with clear implications for young people , he consistently exemplified the hope for an open , just and inclusive America -- the platform that young Americans overwhelmingly supported during the election . To Kennedy , young Americans were n't just young voters . We were young citizens , people who deserve equal access to an affordable education , a voice in our nation 's political process . He did n't view our concerns and needs as fanciful , impetuous dreams of youth . He realized and valued the unique gift that we bring to this country when given the opportunities and access to make our voices heard . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Erica Williams .	Erica Williams says , "  Kennedy embodied core values of my generation " Williams notes Kennedy 's work to lower voting age to 18 , pass Pell Grants Current generation identified with and appreciated Kennedy 's work , she says
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Indian-administered Kashmir witnessed widespread violence Monday that killed 18 people and left 80 wounded , some of them critically . Pro-independence mobs defied a round-the-clock curfew to stage protests against India and against a Florida pastor 's now-canceled plans to burn the Quran , leading to fierce clashes with Indian security forces . Two Christian missionary schools , several government buildings and two police vehicles were set on fire by angry mobs , mostly young people , police said . The demonstrations to denounce the potential desecration of the Quran added a dimension to the three-month-long anti-India unrest . Monday 's killings are the highest single-day toll in the Muslim-majority Kashmir Valley since June 11 , bringing the death toll to 89 . Scores of others wounded in the violence are receiving treatment in Kashmir hospitals that have come under tremendous strain . Clashes between Indian security forces and stone-throwing protesters raged in numerous towns across Kashmir , from the northern resort town of Tangmarg to the central Budgam district and Anantnag in the south . Local governments appealed for calm and banned the Iranian Press TV channel , which reported on the American pastor 's plans to burn the Quran . The protests are part of a "  Quit Kashmir " campaign launched by separatist groups against Indian rule in Kashmir . Muslim-majority Kashmir is claimed by both India and Pakistan . India deployed thousands of troops in Kashmir to guard against what Indian leaders believe was a Pakistan-backed insurgency that began in the late 1980s . That insurgency , which India says claimed more than 43,000 lives , is no longer raging , but the troops have remained .	Protests against Indian control rage on , along with protests over Quran-burning plans Two missionary schools , many government buildings burned Death toll since June 11 stands at 89
CNN  -- You 've spent weeks , months , maybe years , planning this day . From the moment that one  or both  of you said "  Yes ! " it 's been a whirlwind of wardrobe fittings , seating charts , cake tastings , envelope stuffings , raised glasses and perhaps a teary meltdown or two . Now all that stands between you and your soon-to-be lawfully wedded spouse  who is looking more gorgeous today than ever  is a few yards of aisle . And all of a sudden , that seems like the longest walk of your lifetime . Even those of us who are hazy on some details of our wedding day recall exactly how we got to our beloved 's side , and who accompanied us there . Whether it 's expressed in a beloved song , an unconventional companion or creative transportation , the long trip down the aisle is an opportunity to make your wedding day unique . For many people in the Western world , Richard Wagner 's "  Bridal March " from the 1850 opera "  Lohengrin " is the music by which the great stride occurs . Those getting married in the Roman Catholic Church  which does n't cotton to the inclusion of secular music in a religious ceremony  are n't presented with a suite of approved music , but according to a quote often attributed to St. Augustine of Hippo , "  He who sings prays twice . " Accordingly , the happy couple is asked to consider a few criteria from Catholic catechism in making their song selections : three principal criteria : beauty that is expressive of prayer , participation of the assembled  everybody sing along !  , and solemnity befitting the occasion . That considerably slims down the songbook , but hey -- there 's always the reception . For the rest of us , the world is our jukebox , and that can be a daunting decision . It 's a moment that sets a tone for the ceremony , the crowd and possibly even the marriage itself . A video from the wedding procession of Jill Peterson and Kevin Heinz went viral in 2009 and has been viewed more than 84 million times on YouTube since . The "  JK Wedding Entrance Dance " -- which was later recreated by characters in an episode of the sitcom "  The Office " -- involved members of the wedding party dancing down the aisle , followed by the tumbling groom , and eventually the beaming , bobbing bride . Sales of their processional song , "  Forever " skyrocketed as the video 's popularity soared -- but the perception of the artist , Chris Brown , came crashing back down to Earth as allegations of abuse against his on-again-off-again girlfriend Rihanna surfaced . Heinz and Peterson took action and set up an initiative for donations and ad dollars to be contributed to the Sheila Wellstone Foundation , which works to end domestic violence . According to an update on the couples ' website , as of August 1 , 2013 , $ 47,641 had been raised for the cause . But it 's a rare couple that undergoes that sort of musical scrutiny . For most , song choice is a deeply personal decision , based on shared experiences , values , the ceremony 's aesthetics and old favorites -- and it 's plain old fun to engage in . For Sandy Fong-Navalta , that song was "  All I Ask of You " from Andrew Lloyd Weber 's "  Phantom of the Opera , " strummed by a harpist as her 10-year-old niece , Sumiko , accompanied her on the walk . Fong-Navalta explained , "  My father died in 1989 and the thought of getting married and walking down the aisle alone always terrified me . I swore to myself I would never , ever get married . But , when I met the love of my life in 2005 , my fears were replaced with love and trust . " The song still brings tears to her eyes whenever she hears it , Fong-Navalta said . "  Say you need me with you now and always . Promise me that all you say is true . Love me , that 's all I ask of you . Then say you 'll share with me one love , one lifetime . Let me lead you from your solitude . Say you need me with you here beside you , anywhere you go , let me go , too . That 's all I ask of you . ... " Tiffany Barry found a more raucous reflection of her path to the altar in the Nine Inch Nails song "  La Mer . " She explained , "  Because of a nasty divorce between our parents , my brother and I really raised each other growing up . Because of this , I felt it fitting that my brother , two years younger , escorted me to the aisle where I then walked by myself to my waiting husband . " The song , which is in a more melodic style than bandleader Trent Reznor 's usual industrial style , featured lyrics  which translate from the French to "  when the day comes , I will become the sky and the sea , and the sea will come to kiss me , for I am going home , and nothing can stop me "  that Barry felt were "  a perfect marriage of music and meaning " and embodied her feelings toward her husband , who was raised near the sea . "  Through marriage we were becoming one and creating our home , " she said . Rea Frey looked to her second aisle walk as a chance to right the past . At age 22 , she had almost vomited and fled the scene . "  My father gripped my arm and said , ` We can make a run for it , ' " she said , "  But the music started playing , the bills were paid and everyone was already there . So , I made my way towards my groom . " Five years later , things hit a sour note and the divorced Frey vowed not to get married -- or spend so much money -- ever again . That was before she met Alex. She walked down the aisle solo that time , after knowing her now-husband for just a few months . "  I am an adult and I did n't feel like I was being given away , " Frey said . "  I wanted that moment to be onIy about us , just as our marriage would be . I chose to walk down the aisle to ` Hallelujah '  the Jason Castro version of the Leonard Cohen version  , which is my absolute favorite song . " Key lyrics : "  I 've told the truth , I did n't come to fool you . And even though it all went wrong , I 'll stand before the lord of song . With nothing on my tongue but hallelujah . " Wedding decorator Preston Bailey has gussied up the nuptials of hundreds of celebrities and hifalutin couples around the globe , but his own -- at age 64 to partner Theo Bleckmann -- was the first same-sex ceremony he 'd crafted . And it had to stand out . At midnight on February 13 , 2013 , Bailey rang in Valentine 's Day by rolling down the aisle hidden inside a 10-foot , Reem Acra-designed sculpture as Bleckmann sang "  You Make Me Feel So Young " and then "  Now We Are Free " from the movie "  Gladiator " played . The structure featured a body double of Bailey at the top wearing a voluminous wedding gown . "  When my guests first saw my body double rolling down the aisle wearing a 10 foot dress , they thought it was me , completely losing my mind , " Bailey said . "  As the structure got closer to the altar , I opened the bottom of the dress and casually walked out , bouquet in hand . The room went wild . This entrance set the tone for an evening of fun and laughter . I could n't have wanted anything more for the night , " he recalled .  No doubt this was amplified and encouraged by the presence of officiant Joan Rivers . For my now-husband and me , the march was an opportunity to explore the songs that were touchstones for us both -- and a chance for our friends to participate . Our pick : the instrumental Dream Academy version of "  Please Please Please Let Me Get What I Want . " While the words would not be sung aloud , we both  along with most of our guests  knew what they were : "  Good times for a change . ... So for once in my life , let me get what I want . " He took his place at the altar to the tune originally recorded by The Smiths , and I walked in  with my Irish wolfhound , Mordred , at my side so my dad could tend to my disabled mother  to a duo of musician friends singing The Magnetic Fields ' "  The Book of Love . " Key lyrics : "  The book of love has music in it . In fact , that 's where music comes from . Some of it is just transcendental . Some of it is just really dumb . ... But I , I love it when you give me things . And you , you ought to give me wedding rings . " Not a dry eye in the house -- especially not mine -- and every single time I hear that song , I stop what I 'm doing and simply listen and remember . What was playing as you walked down the aisle , and were you solo or accompanied ? Please share your story in the comments below .	Many stick with traditional options like the "  Bridal March " for their walk down the aisle Others choose artists and songs that reflect their relationship It is n't always a parent accompanying their child down the aisle Some choose a sibling , other relative , pet or a solo stroll
CNN  -- Manchester United moved into second spot in the English Premier League with a convincing 3-0 win at Newcastle Sunday . United have moved above local rivals Manchester City on goal difference , but both trail pacesetters Chelsea by four points after seven games . Alex Ferguson 's men responded to their shock 3-2 home defeat last weekend to Tottenham Hotspur with a fine performance against north-east hopefuls Newcastle . Early goals from defenders Jonny Evans and Patrice Evra put them firmly in command before young England international Tom Cleverley wrapped up the three points with a brilliant strike after the break . It was his first English Premier League goal . Wayne Rooney , who set up the two opening goals from corners and was named man of the match , said United were delighted with their display . "  It was a great result , everyone knows this is one of the hardest games of the season and we came away and defended brilliantly , " he told Sky Sports . Tottenham , improving fast under new manager Andre Villas-Boas , built on their success at Old Trafford with a 2-0 home win over struggling Aston Villa . Villas-Boas ended American goalkeeper Brad Freidel 's run of 310 straight league games by selecting French international signing Hugo Lloris . A mistake by Lloris nearly let in Villa for the opener in the second half but shortly afterwards Steven Caulker deflected home a Jermain Defoe shot . Aaron Lennon sealed a win which lifts Tottenham to fifth , five points adrift of Chelsea , with a surging run and shot on 67 minutes . Elsewhere , Liverpool 's disappointing start to the season continued as they were held goalless at Anfield by Stoke , while Southampton and Fulham drew 2-2 . In Serie A , Juventus extended their unbeaten run to 47 games with a 2-1 away win at Siena . The Turin side were boosted by the news Friday that their coach Antonio Conte could return to their bench in December and the victory kept them ahead of Napoli , later 2-1 winners at home to Udinese , on goal difference . Andre Pirlo put them ahead after 14 minutes but Emanuele Calaio equalized after the break for the home side . Midfielder Claudio Marchisio volleyed a superb winner in the 85th minute for Juve . A third minute goal for Inter 's Walter Samuel settled the Milan derby in the San Siro as they beat Milan 1-0 . Lazio also stayed in early title contention as Miroslav Klose scord twice in a 3-0 win over Pescara . Reigning Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund lost more ground on runaway leaders Bayern Munich when they were held 1-1 at Hanover after Robert Lewandowski had given them a 26th minute lead . Second placed Eintracht Frankfurt suffered their first defeat of the season , beaten 2-0 at Borussia Moenchengladbach .	Manchester United score convincing 3-0 win at Newcastle Victory moves them to second in EPL behind Chelsea Spurs secure fourth straight win to beat Aston Villa 2-0 Juventus extend unbeaten run to lead Serie A
ALBANY , New York  CNN  -- At the age of 21 , Christopher Jenkins appeared to have everything going for him . The University of Minnesota senior was good-looking , had a near perfect grade-point average and had a future in business . Christopher Jenkins , 21 , vanished on Halloween 2002 . Four years later , police ruled his death a homicide . Then , suddenly , he vanished . He was last seen celebrating Halloween at a bar in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota , in 2002 . Jenkins ' friends said he left about midnight . Four months later , his body was found in the Mississippi River , still wearing his Halloween costume . Minneapolis police classified the drowning as accidental . Jenkins ' blood-alcohol level was well above the legal limit , and police told his parents that he 'd probably had too much to drink after bar - hopping with friends . They thought he 'd fallen into the river . Despite a lack of evidence , his parents , Steve and Jan Jenkins , insisted that there had been foul play . "  He was loaded into a vehicle , a van , driven around and eventually murdered , " Jan Jenkins told CNN . "  He was murdered and thrown away like a piece of trash . " Hundreds of miles away , Kevin Gannon , a retired detective with the New York Police Department , was investigating the mysterious deaths of several college men from New York state . Each of the deaths had been ruled an accidental drowning . Watch how clusters of drowning deaths raise suspicion " In 2006 , nearly four years after Jenkins died , there was a break in the case . A tip from a man in jail , described by Minneapolis police as a witness or suspect , caused police to change Jenkins ' cause of death from "  unexplained drowning " to homicide . It was a lucky break for Gannon . He had promised the parents of Patrick McNeill that he would n't quit until he 'd found out how the Fordham University student died . McNeill 's body washed up in the East River two months after he left a bar in New York . Gannon enlisted the help of another former NYPD officer , Anthony Duarte , when Christopher Jenkins ' death became a homicide . In 2003 , the two traveled to Minneapolis to investigate Jenkins ' death . They learned about a string of student drowning deaths , many of them involving young men who attended colleges along the Interstate 94 corridor in the Midwest -- in Minnesota , Wisconsin and Iowa . Nine of the deceased attended the University of LaCrosse , in Wisconsin . Three attended colleges in New York state . In all , the investigators say they 've connected the bizarre drowning deaths of at least 40 college-age men across the country . The two detectives believe that in each case , and in others they investigated , the men were drugged and then their bodies were slipped or tossed into the water to make it appear as if they 'd drowned . Why would the killer or killers put the bodies in the water ? The effect of water on evidence makes for an almost perfect crime , Duarte said . Not only does it make it appear like an accidental drowning instead of a murder , but the water frequently washes away key pieces of evidence such as fingerprints and fibers , so the killer ca n't be identified . Together , the two detectives began mapping out the drowning deaths and working the case backward . Instead of focusing on where the bodies had been found , they used GPS devices and tracked river flow patterns and water levels to figure out where the bodies entered the water . As Gannon and Duarte investigated the deaths , they began to see a trend . The cases spanned 25 cities in 11 states , and at least some of them were connected by a creepy symbol left near the water 's edge : a smiley face painted on trees and other surfaces . The detectives believe that the smiley faces were left by the killer or killers . They varied in size , with each face more haunting than the next . The most sinister was found in Iowa . It was drawn in red with a devil 's horns . Next to the smiley face was a note that read , "  Evil Happy Smiley Face Man . " Asked whether he believed there was a hidden message in the smiley faces , Duarte told CNN , "  The message is , they 're taunting the police . " Duarte and Gannon said they found 12 other matching symbols similar to gang graffiti . But , to protect their investigation , they would n't describe them in detail . The detectives say the string of deaths could be the work of more than one killer because some of them took place on the same day in different states . "  It 's so widespread . We have so many different victims in so many different areas , " Duarte said . "  It would , in my view , be impossible to be one person . " The detectives also believe the victims were targeted . All of the young men were popular , athletic and good students . Who would commit this type of crime ? "  The type of person that would be the opposite , not smart , someone not good in school , maybe does n't have a job , not popular , " Duarte said . Gannon and Duarte believe that the young men were drugged to weaken them and given a substance that could n't be detected by an autopsy . "  I believe these young men are being abducted by individuals in the bars , taken out , at some point held for a period of time before they 're entered into the water , " Gannon said . He also believes the victims were abused mentally and sometimes physically before they were killed . "  This is a chance for them to have power and control over somebody else and manipulate . The fear of death is just as important as the act of death itself , " Gannon said . Minneapolis police are not convinced that Jenkins ' death was the work of a serial killer . "  Although we have collaborated with investigators from the FBI and communicated with other jurisdictions in which similar drowning deaths have occurred , we can neither confirm nor endorse the ` smiley face murders ' theory currently being publicized , " the department said . The FBI also has its doubts . "  To date , we have not developed any evidence to support links between these tragic deaths or any evidence substantiating the theory that these deaths are the work of a serial killer or killers . The vast majority of these instances appear to be alcohol-related drowning , " the bureau said in a statement . Still , Gannon and Duarte are concerned that the killing could continue . They say whoever killed Jenkins might already be stalking other college students . "  Unless you 've been out there to the scenes to evaluate -LSB- them -RSB- yourself , if you have n't done that , you 're basically Monday-morning quarterbacking , " Gannon argued . Duarte thinks local police forces did not investigate the cases adequately and that the FBI could have done more , too . "  I do n't think any of them went out to the field and beat the bushes , " he said .	Deaths of 40 male college students have been ruled "  accidental drowning " Two retired NYC detectives believe deaths may be work of killer or killers At least 12 creepy smiley faces found where bodies were put in rivers , lakes FBI : No evidence linking tragic deaths or substantiating serial killer theory
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion is advised . VBS.TV  -- For this installment of the Vice Guide to Film series , VBS co-founder Shane Smith traveled to Texas , Tijuana and Mexico City to immerse himself in the seedy , fast-paced , and vastly prolific and amusing world of films inspired by -- and often funded by -- Mexico 's ultraviolent drug cartels , a genre known as narco cinema . Mexico has long been the superhighway of drugs into North America . It supplies most of the meth , marijuana , cocaine and poppy derivatives consumed in the United States , and today the Mexican drug trade is a $ 100 billion a year industry . About 30 percent of this figure is reported to be repurposed as bribes to government officials and law enforcement . It 's really no surprise at all that drugs permeate every level of Mexican society , from religion  yes , there is a patron saint of drug trafficking  to music , and film is by far one of the most naturally gratifying mediums for the fictitious high-flying antics of outlaw traffickers . Today there is a constant flow of B-movie releases featuring drug dealers , good cops , bad cops , women , cocaine and a lot of big trucks . These films love big trucks . See the rest of Mexican narco cinema at VBS.TV Narco cinema was born in the 1980s , taking a cue from the B-movie tradition of the Mexican cinema of the '60s and '70s . The movement soon turned to action , guns , trucks , cars , explosions , women , and drugs . Because 82 percent of the Mexican population ca n't afford to see these films , cheap , straight-to-video accessibility helped it become increasingly popular . Watching these films is now a national pastime . Shane decided he needed to be in one of these movies . In time he found Enrique Morillo , one of the biggest directors in the industry , who happened at the time to be shooting two sequels to his hit "  Chrysler 300 "  while the eponymous vehicle is a sedan and not a truck , it does get chased by a lot of trucks in this franchise  . Morillo invited Shane to the shoot and to play a role . Shane accepted , picked up a python-skin jacket and cowboy hat and hired a band to sing drug-running songs about him for moral support . Narcocorridos , as these types of songs are called , are the musical equivalent of narco cinema , and are often the basis for many popular films .	VBS crew explores "  seedy " film genre funded by Mexican drug cartels Drugs , women , bad cops and big trucks are hallmarks of B movie features VBS co-founder lands impromptu role in film that was shooting at the time of his report
CNN  -- Just six weeks after the Australian Senate rejected a bill that included opening offshore processing centers for asylum seekers , a government-appointed panel has recommended just that . The three-member panel , headed by former defense chief Marshal Houston , made 22 recommendations Monday on how the country should deal with thousands of asylum seekers who attempt to reach its shores each year . The report 's release came after a particularly busy weekend for maritime authorities , who intercepted six separate boats carrying a total of 265 people in the three days to Sunday . It also came as officials investigated claims a boat carrying more than 60 asylum seekers had disappeared en route from Indonesia to Christmas Island , a popular entry point to Australia 's asylum system . Read more : Asylum seekers risking all to escape dangers of home Among the Houston report 's recommendations was that offshore processing centers be established on the islands of Nauru and Papua New Guinea "  as soon as practical . " It also recommended an immediate increase in the number of people accepted each year for asylum from 13,750 to 20,000 . In an effort to reduce the demand for family reunions , it recommended barring people who arrive by boat from being able to sponsor their families to join them . And rather than dumping the government 's controversial and illegal "  Malaysia Solution , " the report recommended building on the deal "  through high-level bilateral engagement focused on strengthening safeguards and accountability . " Under the so-called "  Malaysia Solution , " Australia would have sent 800 asylum seekers to Malaysia for processing each year in exchange for 4,000 confirmed refugees . However , the High Court ruled the deal invalid last August on the grounds that , as a non-signatory to the 1951 U.N. Refugee Convention , Malaysia has no legal obligation to protect asylum seekers , something required under Australia 's Migration Act . Read more : Which countries take in most asylum seekers ? Not the West Hours after the report was released , Gillard gave her in-principle backing to all its recommendations and said that Parliament would meet Tuesday to amend the earlier rejected bill to include the provision for processing centers on Nauru and PNG . "  We will also move to immediately implement the recommendations on family reunion , " she added . Refugee advocates reacted with outrage to the report , calling it a "  rebadging of the Pacific Solution , " a reference to the former Liberal government 's controversial policy of the last decade . "  At the heart of the panel 's report is the policy of deterrence , but all deterrence does is divert people from our doorstep to dangers elsewhere . It does n't address the circumstances , it just shifts the problem somewhere else , " said David Manne , executive director of Australia 's Refugee and Immigration Legal Center . "  What we need to do is promote proper protection standards in the region . There needs to be the understanding that it will take time , perseverance and patience . It will be incremental . There are no simple solutions , " he added . The so-called Pacific Solution was introduced by former Prime Minister John Howard in 2001 and involved sending asylum seekers to detention centers on Pacific Island nations while their claims were processed . The current Labor government abandoned the policy when it took power in 2007 . Since then , there has been a sharp increase in asylum seekers making the dangerous trip by boat to seek a new life in Australia . Between late 2001 and June this year , 964 asylum seekers and crew died at sea . Of those , more than 600 lost their lives in the last three years , according to the report . "  To do nothing is unacceptable -- so we have proposed a new approach . One that is comprehensive , integrated and equitable , " said refugee expert and panel member Paris Aristotle . In a statement , Amnesty International 's refugee spokesman Graham Thom said he was "  appalled " by the panel 's recommendations . "  Sending asylum seekers to places like Malaysia , Nauru and Papua New Guinea is unacceptable and a complete outsourcing of Australia 's human rights obligations . "  The ` Pacific Solution ' was a failed policy , and a wildly expensive one , that was internationally condemned for breaching the human rights of some of the world 's most vulnerable people , " he added . Manne said it was questionable whether Nauru would meet the requirements to be considered as a legally viable option for offshore asylum centers . "  Although Nauru and PNG have signed the Refugee Convention , neither country has its own laws in place to protect refugees nor are there any proper legal guarantees that refugees would be protected , and there are serious concerns about human rights conditions on the ground , " he said . Australia 's politicians have long been at odds over the country 's official response to asylum seekers . While the opposition Coalition has backed the reopening of offshore centers , the move has been fiercely resisted by the Greens party which claims it breaches human rights . In late June , the senate rejected the Migration Legislation Amendment  The Bali Process  Bill 2012 which would have allowed Australia to send asylum seekers to Malaysia and Nauru for processing . Gillard said she is willing to compromise further to reach agreement and a policy on the issue . The panel estimated that if all the report 's recommendations were adopted , they would cost US$ 1 billion to implement .	Australian expert panel recommends opening offshore processing centers for asylum seekers Gillard government has given its in-principle backing to the report 22 recommendations include processing asylum seekers on Nauru , PNG Refugee advocates express outrage , saying the proposal "  rebadges " the Pacific Solution
CNN  -- Nationalists held a narrow lead in Kyrgyzstan 's parliamentary elections , the country 's election commission said Monday . Of the 87 percent of the votes counted by Monday morning , the Ata Zhurt party had won 8.6 percent , said Nuriya Iskanderova , a consultant for the commission . The other four main parties followed with narrow margins separating them . The pro-government SDPK  Social-Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan  won 7.97 percent of the counted votes ; followed by the Arnamys Party  7.12 percent  ; the Republic Party  7.02 percent  and the Atameken Party  5.94 percent  . The election commission has to announce final results within two weeks , said Klara Sooromkulova , a member of the election commission . Voters in the Central Asian nation went to the polls Sunday to elect a new parliament . The elections come after a year that has seen the president flee the country and ethnic riots that left hundreds dead . International monitors did not report any major complaints on election day , though local observers from the political parties were more vocal with their concerns , Sooromkulova said . Voter turnout was high , especially in the south of the country , she said , including a 56 percent turnout in the capital , Bishkek . The new government will have to rebuild "  the entire infrastructure of the government , as well as the rebuilding of social cohesion and trust between ethnic groups , " said Kanat Saudabayev , a top official with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . President Kurmanbek Bakiyev was deposed in April and was replaced by Roza Otunbayeva , who became the first female president of a Central Asian nation . Two months later , at least 356 people were killed and about 400,000 fled their homes in a wave of violence between ethnic Kyrgyz and Uzbeks . Shortly after that , Kyrgyz voters approved a new constitution that puts more power in the hands of parliament , reducing the president 's role . "  Following the June situation of unrest and violence , it was not easy to organize the elections , " Sooromkulova said . Kyrgyzstan hosts a United States air base which is an essential supply route for NATO personnel and equipment into Afghanistan , called Manas Transit Center , as well as a Russian military base , Kant , just outside of the capital Bishkek . Nearly 2.9 million people were eligible to vote for 120 lawmakers in a parliament called the Jogorku Kenesh , the Central Election Commission said . There were 850 international election observers representing 32 organizations and 52 countries . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : By Monday morning , 87 percent of the votes have been counted NEW : Five main parties lead with narrow margins separating thm 2010 saw the president deposed and ethnic riots that left hundreds dead Kyrgyzstan hosts a U.S. Air Force base that 's a vital supply route into Afghanistan
CNN  -- A moving graph at the bottom of the CNN screen during Tuesday night 's presidential debate measured the reactions of uncommitted voters in the swing state of Ohio , and it seemed to bear out the theory that negative campaigning draws negative voter reactions . Analysts say undecided voters do n't like negative attacks , from either side . Nearly every time one candidate threw a jab at the other , the voter reaction dipped measurably . The dips were minor for small digs but slipped further if a candidate continued criticizing his opponent . For instance , reactions of both men and women voters slid into negative territory when Republican Sen. John McCain said that trying to nail down Democratic Sen. Barack Obama 's tax policies is like "  nailing Jell-O to the wall . " Watch the criticism and the reaction " Similarly , the reaction line took a dive when Obama discussed McCain 's votes in the Senate against alternative fuels . Watch the graph go down at this point " Such negative reactions are typically seen in voters who are undecided , said Merle Black , professor of politics and government at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia . "  They do n't like negative campaigning , " he said . "  It does n't matter whether it 's one side or the other . " But while each candidate saw dips when criticizing his opponent , voters ' reactions were more positive when each began talking about specific plans and ideas regarding the national economy , the war in Iraq , the environment and other issues . Voters are "  worried about real issues , " Black said . "  They want the candidate to address that . ... That 's what the voters are interested in . They know it 's a big mess out there , and they want to know what the alternatives are . " See scenes from the debate " With less than a month to go before the general election , McCain 's campaign said before Tuesday 's debate that he planned to "  take off the gloves . " In addition , both campaigns have launched negative advertising campaigns against the opponent in an effort to win over undecided voters . The stakes for McCain are high , as most polls show him trailing Obama . "  When you are down to crunch time and it 's win or lose , you throw niceties out the window , " Bruce Vanden Bergh , a professor of advertising at Michigan State University , told CNN before the debate . And on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday , Ben Jones , a former Democratic representative from Georgia , said , "  At this point , it appears because the McCain campaign is behind , they think that 's the only shot they got left is to bring  negativity  -- but when they do those negative campaigns and negative attacks , it also brings them down . "  So it really does n't do any good , and people are sick and tired of it . " Both McCain and Obama took numerous opportunities in Tuesday 's debate to point out the other 's voting record . Obama noted that McCain voted against a program to provide government health insurance for children . Watch Obama slam McCain on health insurance " For his part , McCain pointed to Obama 's vote on a pork-laden energy bill . Watch the dig and the reaction " Both instances caused voters ' reaction to head toward negative territory . The only voters who like to hear the jabs , Black said , are "  the strong partisans . They like to see the other candidate , the other side , criticized . " But those voters , he noted , have already made up their minds , and in criticizing their opponent , candidates are "  not persuading anybody that 's persuadable . " Meanwhile , pointing out opponents ' shortcomings is a risky strategy , analysts have said , and one that could easily backfire on a campaign . "  Whenever the campaign takes a negative turn , independent voters notice , and they 'll punish the candidate that takes it too far , " John Avlon , author of "  Independent Nation : How Centrists Can Change American Politics , " told CNN prior to the debate . However , voters on some level have come to anticipate a certain level of criticism and jabs in a debate , which may be one reason that campaigns persist with negativity even though voters are known to dislike it , experts said . "  Both of them are probably irritated at each other and want to get the digs in , " Black said . "  It just kind of goes with the territory . " CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report	CNN graph during debate measured undecided voter reaction Attacks tended to received a negative reaction from voters Only people who like the jabs , professor says , are the partisans Voters react positively to candidates ' specific plans and ideas
United Nations  CNN  -- Syria 's U.N. ambassador lashed out Thursday at criticism of his daughter , who was in the news last week after ABC News ' Barbara Walters expressed regret for having tried to help her . "  This is an unethical , immoral , baseless , unfounded , animal and brutal approach toward personal issues related to my family , " Bashar Jaafari told reporters here after being asked to address the issue of his daughter 's link to Columbia University . "  Somebody is seeking to get to the Syrian ambassador , " he continued . "  Since they do n't have any possibility to get to that , they are trying to attack me through my own daughter . This is why this is an unethical approach -- and immoral . " Walters has said she should not have tried to help Sheherazad Jaafari obtain an internship and admission to Columbia 's prestigious School of International and Public Affairs . "  In retrospect , I realize that this created a conflict and I regret that , " Walters said last week in a statement . Walters said Sheherazad Jaafari contacted her following the reporter 's return from Syria to the United States after a December ABC interview with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Sheherazad Jaafari had coached al-Assad before the interview on how to describe the violence there , according to e-mails purportedly from Syrian officials released in February by the hacking group known as Anonymous . "  Do n't talk reform , " she wrote in one e-mail . "  American 's  sic  wo n't care , or understand that . ... American psyche can be easily manipulated when they hear that there are ` mistakes ' done and now we are ` fixing it . ' " On her resume , Jaafari said she graduated from college in June 2010 and worked for a year as an account executive at Brown Lloyd James , a public relations firm , in New York . Sheherazad Jaafari said Wednesday that she had met a number of English-speaking journalists during a three-month , unpaid internship she undertook late last year in Syria while preparing to return to school to pursue her master 's degree . "  My main intention as a new graduate was to expose myself to the world of media and communication , which are the fields that I have interest in , " she said in an e-mail to CNN . "  Unfounded reports published recently have wrongfully claimed that I was the aide of the President of Syria . I want to make clear that I have never served as a President aid  sic  to the President of Syria , " she continued . " She added , "  I am nothing but a victim for some personal agendas . " Sheherazad Jaafari said that she gained admission to Columbia based on her own qualifications . What is occurring in Syria "  and to my people saddens me and breaks my heart . It is in my prayers that peace and stability will prevail . " In e-mails obtained by CNN , she struck a personal tone toward the Syrian president . "  I miss ur voice already , " she wrote al-Assad in late December . "  Give me a call whenever u can so I could get some energy from you and tell you how much I misss u  sic  . " Walters has said that Jaafari was "  looking for a job " when she contacted her . "  I told her that was a serious conflict of interest and that we would not hire her . I did offer to mention her to contacts at another media organization and in academia . " Walters sent an e-mail to CNN 's Piers Morgan and his executive producer , Jonathan Wald , describing her as a "  sensational young woman . " CNN has said Walters contacted "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Jaafari 's behalf ; however , she was neither interviewed nor hired as an intern . Morgan himself denied having had any contact with Jaafari . Walters also e-mailed a professor at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism on Jaafari 's behalf . The professor , former ABC News executive Richard Wald , is the father of Jonathan Wald . Walters later sent a follow-up e-mail to Jonathan Wald , advising him not to bother following up with the college graduate , since she did not have an appropriate U.S. visa . Howard Kurtz , the host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " said the incident makes Walters "  seem a little too cozy " with someone close to the Syrian regime . "  This looks like a bit of a quid pro quo , " Kurtz said last week . "  This woman was close to Assad , the daughter of the ambassador , helps her arrange the interview , and the next day they 're on e-mail talking about helping her -- Barbara Walters helping her to either get into an Ivy League school or land a media internship . "	"  This is an unethical , immoral , baseless , unfounded , animal and brutal approach , " ambassador says "  They are trying to attack me through my own daughter , " Bashar Jaafari says His comments follow the expression of regret by Barbara Walters for having tried to help his daughter
CNN  -- Ever since the dawn of the space program , more than 55 years ago , the world has been fascinated with astronauts and space exploration . So it was pretty exciting when CNN got to do its first iReport interview from outer space . Dozens of CNN viewers and readers sent in questions for NASA 's Steve Swanson , who has more than 15 years of experience on space missions and was open to answering any and all queries about life 250 miles above Earth . Answering from the International Space Station on Tuesday , Swanson took on the iReporters ' questions -- many of them from children -- with aplomb . There was a 7-year-old girl 's question about what it feels like when you blast off from Earth , an inquiry about NASA 's plans to explore reusable spacecraft , and one question that every astronaut has probably been asked before : "  What do you do in your free time in space ? " The cutest moment had to be when 5-year-old Brockton Estrada of Brandon , Florida , told Swanson he wished he could join him up there . "  Brockton , I wish you could come up here too . You 'd love it , " Swanson said , with his microphone floating in the air . Then he did a somersault to show the boy what you can do when you 're not limited by gravity . Swanson is commander of Expedition 40 to the International Space Station and will spend six months in space , returning to Earth in September . First Lady Michelle Obama answers iReport questions	CNN iReporters interviewed astronaut Steve Swanson He was ready to answer anything Find out what astronauts do in their free time
It 's a hot , sunny Sunday morning , and birds are chirping in the trees over the heads of children playing on swings and in a pile of sand in a small park in front of City Hall . Or what used to be City Hall , anyway . Today , it 's a burned-out husk of a building , the ground around it thick with ash and crunchy with broken glass , official documents strewn around and covered with footprints . Windows are shattered . Walls are stained black by smoke and fire . A dozen or so young men lounge around on the front steps of the building , asserting that they are part of the militia of the Donetsk People 's Republic . But they look more like drunks with nowhere else to go after a night out . But they 're not the only ones hanging around the remains of City Hall in Mariupol , recently the scene of clashes between supporters of the central government and backers of either independence or union with Russia for this part of eastern Ukraine . Yevgeny Bulgakov , a steelworker , is here too , wearing his thick Ilyich factory work jacket despite the heat of the day . He 's here to help re-establish order in the city , he said . And indeed , despite the destruction of City Hall , the scene is much calmer than it was a month ago , when the building stood behind a makeshift barricades of tires , bricks and paving stones . That 's gone today . The only remnants are a coil of barbed wire discarded among spring flowers and a small pile of tires by the street corner . Did the steelworkers bring calm ? Some are giving credit for the restoration of order here to the steelworkers . There are tens of thousands of them in this industrial city where factories spew brown and gray smoke along the road into town . About 11,000 of them signed up to help patrol Mariupol along with local police , according to the company MetInvest , which employs them . The patrols come alongside an agreement signed by a wide range of leaders in Mariupol to try to de-escalate the situation . The deal came five days after violence in the city left at least seven people dead and 40 wounded , according to Human Rights Watch . The steelworkers are backed by their boss , Donetsk-based billionaire Rinat Akhmetov , who came out against both independence and union with Russia last week . Many of them are paid for the time they patrol , MetInvest said . But steelworkers are not the only ones on patrol . They only make up about a third of the total volunteer force , locals say . And hard-core supporters of independence for the region do n't give them credit for restoring order . A group of about a dozen steelworkers was jeered as several hundred supporters of independence gathered for a march Sunday to mark the killings on May 9 that seem to have been a turning point in the city . Hard questions for separatist leader But the separatist crowd also has hard questions for the local separatist military commander , Andrey Borisov , an angular man with a shaggy beard and close-cropped hair under a beret . They surrounded him and peppered him with questions as he smoked and sweated in the hot sun . He did n't seem to be able to say who 's in control . "  Who will govern ? You will be the first one to come up to me when you do n't have your pension paid . The transition of power is a complicated process , " he said . And he admitted that the separatists need more men . "  We need guys who are able to take arms and fight , " he said to the crowd , composed mostly of people middle-aged and older , none of whom volunteered for the job . That could be a problem for the self-declared local political leader , Denis Kuzmenko . Kuzmenko vowed firmly Sunday that the people of Mariupol would not participate in Ukraine 's presidential election scheduled to take place in a week . The friendly , slightly chubby man wore a pistol in a holster on his hip as he spoke to journalists outside his headquarters , a tightly secured brick police station taken over by the separatists . His words were firm . "  We consider trying to open up a polling station and trying to establish an opportunity to vote as a provocation . We will treat it as such , " he said . But can he carry out the threat ? He all but admitted he does n't have enough men to control the city when asked whether he needed the steelworkers to help maintain order . "  Of course we need everyone , " he said , saying there are 50,000 steelworkers in the area , and that the majority support independence . He denied there was a divide between "  the steelworkers " and the people . "  They are patrolling because they support the Donetsk People 's Republic and they want order , " he said . As Kuzmenko spoke , his security guard , a clean-cut man with shiny gray trousers , violet shirt and AK-47 , came over to a journalist , tugged his arm and spoke English . "  Our citizens are the steelworkers , " he said . "  It is the same . "	An easy calm has settled over Mariupol , a city in the eastern part of Ukraine Separatists battled government supporters last month for control The strife has mostly come to an end , but no one seems to know who 's running the city Key players in the drama are the city steelworkers
Washington  CNN  -- When a fire alarm blared Monday morning at the Washington Navy Yard , Terrie Durham thought it might be another drill . Then office fire wardens came in shouting for everyone to get out as fast as possible , and "  that 's when we started moving , " she told CNN affiliate WJLA . Durham and colleagues including Todd Brundidge rushed out the door toward the exit . Down the hall , they saw a man with a rifle . "  He stepped around the corner and we heard shots , " Brundidge said . What seemed like two or three seconds passed , and then "  he aimed his gun at us and then he fired at least two or three shots . " Latest developments The pair provided an eyewitness account of a suspect they described as a tall black man accused by authorities of opening fire at the heavily secured Navy yard along the Anacostia River , not far from the U.S. Capitol and just blocks from where baseball 's Washington Nationals play . Durham said the gunman was too far away to see his face , but "  we could see him with the rifle and he raised and aimed at us and fired . " The shots hit high on the wall , and the group ran out of the building . Navy Cmdr. Tim Jirus did n't see a gunman , but he witnessed the carnage . He told CNN he was in an alley outside Building 197 to help people get down the fire escapes . A worker from the building approached him to say he heard someone was shooting inside . Then he heard more gunfire -- two shots that apparently came from the building . The man who stood three feet from him fell to the ground , bleeding from a head wound , "  and that 's when I ran , " Jirus said . "  I never met him before in my life , " said Jirus , who described himself as "  lucky to be here . " He had not heard clear gunshots earlier , but this time , he was certain . "  In the alleyway with the amount of sound reverberating , you know exactly what it is , not to mention he 's on the ground , bleeding , " Jirus said . The shootings that began around 8:20 a.m. set off chaotic scenes inside the Navy Yard and in the redeveloped neighborhood around it , with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies converging in what seemed like a tidal wave of sirens and helicopters . Police Chief Cathy Lanier praised the speed and cooperation by various law enforcement agencies that responded . After the first call , D.C. police were on the scene "  within literally two to three minutes , " she told reporters . "  Now , internal security had already engaged , identified and engaged the suspect , " Lanier continued . "  We already had victims down at that point . Within seven minutes , we had active shooter teams inside the building , moving through the building . " The first responders found "  one of the worst things we 've seen " in Washington , " according to Lanier . "  As officers entered the building , they were , you know , making transmissions in and keeping command informed as to what they were coming across as they went through , " she said . "  Multiple victims . There was gunfire still going on . " In the bureaucratic tone of police talk , she described a sporadic gun battle -- "  mulitple engagements " -- that witnesses said lasted 40 minutes or so . "  Both metropolitan police and park police , on preliminary information , got into a final gun battle with the suspect , " Lanier said , adding there were "  multiple incidents in that time frame in which there was a gunfight with a suspect , " who now was "  deceased . " Meanwhile , workers poured out of the huge Navy complex into the surrounding streets . "  Everybody was going down the stairs , " Brundidge said in describing the pandemonium . "  People were pushing . People were shoving . People were falling down . After we came outside , people were climbing the wall , trying to get out over the wall . ... It was just crazy . " D.C. Navy Yard victims in surgery Paul Williams , a program coordinator at a nonprofit that works with foster children , was heading to his office nearby when he encountered what he described as a panic . "  I had my headphones in , so I did n't know what was going on , " Williams , 29 , told CNN . "  I was listening to music , but I heard four rapid bangsâ $ " bang , bang , bang , bang . " At first he thought it was construction noise that has become common in the area , but about 30 seconds later , he saw a rush of people coming toward him from the Navy Yard . "  I did n't know what was happening . I just ran with them , " Williams said , adding that "  everyone seemed scared . People were crying , people were being consoled and calling loved ones and family . " The impact of the shootings spread through Washington . The Department of Transportation was locked down , as were some U.S. Senate offices , and the Federal Aviation Administration temporarily halted air traffic Monday morning at Reagan National Airport . Two events Monday night -- a Nationals baseball game against the Atlanta Braves and a Musica Latina event at the White House -- were postponed . To Brundidge , the encounter with a gunman was hard to believe . "  You know , " he said , "  you just go to work and you never think something like this is going to happen in your building . " CNN 's Rene Marsh , Ashley Killough , Gabe Lamonica and Virginia Nicolaidis contributed to this report .	NEW : The D.C. police chief describes multiple teams going after the shooter A Navy commander saw a man shot before his eyes People were pushing , shoving , falling , one worker said A fire alarm was the first warning , then chaos ensued
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration recently issued a warning to doctors about prescribing medications with more than 325 milligrams of acetaminophen . Although acetaminophen is harmless in small doses , it can cause liver damage if taken incorrectly . Here are five things you should know about this popular painkiller : 1 . It 's not great for muscle pain . Acetaminophen is part of a class of painkillers called non-opioid analgesics , which are used to treat mild or moderate pain . These include acetaminophen , ibuprofen and aspirin . Non-opiod analgesics block an enzyme known as cyclooxygenase , or COX , according to Ewan McNicol , an assistant professor of anesthesiology at Tufts University . COX helps the body produce lipid compounds called prostaglandins that cause pain and inflammation when your cells are injured . Blocking this enzyme , therefore , helps prevent prostaglandins from causing you pain . Most non-opiod analgesics work in the peripheral nervous system , or the nerves not included in your brain and spinal cord . But scientists believe acetaminophen works primarily in the central nervous system , attacking a slightly different form of the enzyme called COX-3 . "  What this means to you is that acetaminophen is great for headaches , fever and minor aches and pains but wo n't reduce inflammation due to , say , a muscle sprain , " McNicol explained . 2 . It 's found in more than Tylenol . Though many people know that acetaminophen in the active ingredient in Tylenol , it 's also found in many other over-the-counter drugs including  but not limited to  some Excedrin , Robitussin and Sudafed products . Acetaminophen is also used in combination with opioids in prescription pain medications such as Percocet , Vicodin and Tylenol with codeine . To find out whether your medications contain acetaminophen , read the drug label or the list of ingredients in the patient information leaflet that came with your prescription . Look for the word "  acetaminophen " or the letters "  APAP , " an abbreviation sometimes used for the drug . If you are still unsure , contact your doctor or pharmacist . 3 . It 's easy to accidentally take too much . The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams . It 's easier to reach this limit than you might think ; one gel tablet of Extra Strength Tylenol , for example , contains 500 mg . Taking too much acetaminophen can lead to liver failure or death . Overdoses of the popular painkiller are some of the most common poisonings worldwide , according to the National Institutes of Health . In April 2009 , the FDA introduced new labeling requirements for drug manufacturers . Any product that contains acetaminophen must prominently identify the active ingredient on its display panel and must warn consumers about the potential for liver toxicity . Consumers should not take more than the prescribed dose of any medication that contains acetaminophen , according to the FDA , and should avoid taking more than one acetaminophen product at a time . 4 . It 's not the best way to fight a hangover . Most of us have popped a couple of painkillers after a night out to ward off a hangover . But experts say you should choose carefully when opening the medicine cabinet , especially if you 're a chronic heavy drinker . Taking acetaminophen with alcohol , even in small amounts , can increase your risk of liver damage and/or kidney disease . Acetaminophen is primarily metabolized in the liver , where it is turned into nontoxic compounds that are eliminated through urination . But the liver needs something called glutathione to do that . If your glutathione levels are low -- which can be caused by chronic drinking , an unhealthy diet or fasting -- the drug may be metabolized into a more toxic substance , according to the National Institutes of Health . Liver damage may occur after taking as few as four or five extra-strength pills over the course of the day , one NIH publication on alcohol and metabolism says . And another study showed that taking the recommended dose of acetaminophen with a small to moderate amount of alcohol can increase your risk of kidney disease by 123 % . You may not notice the signs of liver damage right away , the FDA says ; some symptoms like loss of appetite and nausea can be mistaken for the flu  or that hangover  . If you suspect you 're at risk , contact your doctor immediately . 5 . It 's not like "  a spoonful of sugar . " Children can take acetaminophen to fight pain or a fever , but parents should read drug labels carefully to avoid dosage errors . The "  directions " section of the label tells you whether the medicine is right for your child and how much to give , the NIH 's website says  PDF  . "  If a dose for your child 's weight or age is not listed on the label or you ca n't tell how much to give , ask your pharmacist or doctor what to do . " Liquid acetaminophen for infants and children is now sold in the same concentration : 160 mg/5 mL . That means infants need less ; acetaminophen products for infants are usually packaged with an oral syringe instead of a dropper . Parents should always use the measuring tool that comes with the medication , the FDA says -- never a kitchen spoon . If your child takes too much acetaminophen , seek medical attention right away . You can also call the 24-hour Poison Control Center at 800-222-1222 .	Acetaminophen is a non-opioid analgesic and is used to treat mild or moderate pain It 's the active in ingredient in Tylenol and many other over-the-counter medications The FDA has set the recommended daily maximum for adults at 4,000 milligrams Parents should carefully read drug labels to ensure they are giving the correct dose to kids
CNN  -- An Iranian-style theocratic regime in turbulent Egypt would be a nightmare for Washington and a dream for Tehran , but it 's a no-go scenario for some scholars of the Middle East . Some analysts doubt this vision because the Muslim Brotherhood -- the outlawed but popular militant Sunni Islamist opposition movement in Egypt -- appears to lack the clout and widespread support to seize power at present . Experts also say the movement is less extreme than the hardline clerics who rule Iran . One analyst said the Egyptian military appears to be trying to reconsolidate its power and maintain what has been a "  military dictatorship in civilian garb . " Just Friday , Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei praised the North African uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia and said they echo his country 's revolution . There is an easy parallel between the 1979 Islamic revolution in Iran that toppled the shah and the current uprising in Egypt : Both reflected popular discontent across the societies over hated and autocratic rule . But other political factors deflate this scenario , analysts say . Michael Singh , visiting fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said that first and foremost , there is no figure in the Muslim Brotherhood who is equivalent to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Shiite cleric who led the toppling of the Iranian government . "  The Muslim Brotherhood is taking , so far , kind of a back seat , " he said of its role in Egypt , which is predominantly Sunni . "  They are late to the game . " Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow for U.S. foreign policy at the Council for Foreign Relations , agrees that there is no "  charismatic and identifiable leader " of an Islamic opposition . Khomeini , she said , was "  such a threat " that he had been exiled to France . Singh said that when Khomeini was in Paris , he said he did n't want to establish an Islamic republic , but that turned out to be a lie . Coleman said the Iranian regime led by Khomeini murderously repressed and sold down the river many in the opposition who supported the uprising in the 1970s . "  The specter of that is very frightening to many Egyptians , " she said . "  Egyptians are very nervous about repeating what happened in Iran . " Mustafa Alani , director of the security and defense studies at the Dubai-based Gulf Research Center , sees the Muslim Brotherhood as a moderate force compared with a movement like al Qaeda . He points to Jordan , where the new government has reached out to the Brotherhood 's political wing , and envisions the group having a public role to play in a new Egypt . At the same time , he doubts the Brotherhood would have influence over the army , and thinks the military would not allow them to seize power . "  I do n't think it 's a realistic assumption that they will seize power , " he said . Haim Malka , deputy director of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic & International Studies , wrote in a commentary Friday that the "  Egyptian military faces a range of challenges that defy easy resolution " and the "  debate over the future role of the Muslim Brotherhood is a prime example . " "  No representative system can take root in Egypt without the Brotherhood 's participation . But , after spending the last half century battling Islamist political forces , the military leadership will have trouble overcoming its deep disdain for the Brotherhood , " Malka said . Singh points out that there 's an impression among observers that the next Egypt will probably have a more anti-Western government and that the opposition leaders who will find their way into government could be less hospitable to U.S. interests . In contrast , he said , there 's not much fear of an Iranian-style theocracy at the moment . He said Iran has n't succeeded in exporting its revolution . Its neighbor Iraq , which like Iran is majority Shiite , has n't evolved into a theocracy . Coleman said Egyptians are wary of extremism and fear succumbing to the violence that raged last decade in Iraq . Also , the army plays a more moderating role . She said one big difference between Iran and Egypt are their economies . Iran has a lot of oil , and it can afford to be "  more reactionary and revolutionary . " Egypt is dependent on tourism , shipping through the Suez Canal and trade with neighboring countries . "  These types of things bind it to more moderate policies , " Coleman said . The calculation made by subsequently assassinated President Anwar Sadat in the 1970s to forge peace with Israel reflects this moderation . Coleman said it has been a "  cold peace " between Israel and Egypt , but leaders have concluded it serves Egypt better than conflict , instability and failure . Singh says Sadat 's "  bold and risky move " was made to stop the endless state of war that began in the 1940s and help create prosperity . Because of Egyptian repression , there are uncertainties about the Muslim Brotherhood . Singh said it 's unclear to what extent and why people have supported the Muslim Brotherhood in the past . Is that because it opposed Mubarak ? Or is that because people philosophically support the group . "  I do n't think we know right now , " he said . Could there be a future autocracy in Egypt , even if it does n't resemble Iran 's theocratic regime ? CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , the foreign affairs expert who hosts an hour-long Sunday show on world affairs , says the military seems to have made a decision to try to maintain and reconsolidate power and it will sacrifice anyone to do that , even Hosni Mubarak . He said it could be a "  very unsatisfactory outcome . " "  What is clear over the last three days is that they caused chaos and are now going to step in to restore order , " he said of Egypt 's military . If that cycle plays out , he says , "  the entire movement will have been in vain . "	The Iran template does n't apply to Egypt , analysts say There 's no charismatic figure in the Brotherhood like Khomeini Egypt 's economic environment lends itself to moderate policies
CNN Student News  -- October 8 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might a reporter 's impromptu questioning of someone compare and contrast with a scheduled interview ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of each ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . raid 2 . U.S. Treasury Department 3 . name origins Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why did U.S. military forces recently pursue targets in Somalia and Libya ? 2 . When and why was the U.S. "  debt ceiling " created ? 3 . Describe the debate surrounding the name of the Washington Redskins . Discussion Questions : 1 . What challenges might be involved in attempting to capture a known terrorist ? What do you think will happen next with regard to the terrorists mentioned in the program ? 2 . What different perspectives might American football fans , Native Americans , the media and NFL players have concerning the name of the Washington Redskins ? Do you think the team 's name should be changed ? Why or why not ? 3 . What types of lessons do you think that Dave Smith is learning on his trip ? How might these compare and contrast with what he might learn in a classroom setting ? What do you know about the history of your own name ? What questions would you ask someone who shared it ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Somalia ; Tripoli , Libya North America Washington , D.C. FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Lotus have retained their controversial driver Romain Grosjean for the 2013 Formula One campaign . The Frenchman finished eighth in the drivers ' championship in 2012 on 96 points but was involved in a number of early season incidents . He was handed a one-race ban after causing a pile up during the Belgian Grand Prix while Red Bull 's Mark Webber called him a "  first lap nutcase " after they collided at the Japanese Grand Prix . A decision on Grosjean 's future was delayed until he held talks with the team at the end of the season but now they have confirmed he will again partner 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen . "  It 's fantastic for me to be continuing with Lotus F1 Team for 2013 , " Grosjean told the Lotus website . "  It 's superb to have the support of everyone at Enstone . I 'm really looking forward to rewarding their faith when we take to the track in Australia . "  I learnt a lot in my first full season in Formula One and my aim is to put these lessons into practice with stronger and more consistent performance on track next year . "  There are a lot of exciting developments occurring behind the scenes at Enstone and I am very excited with the prospect of the E21  car  . "  I 've already had my seat fitting and spoken with all the personnel involved with the build of the new car ; I just ca n't wait to get behind the wheel . " Grosjean finished on the podium three times in his first full Formula One campaign , coming third in Bahrain and Hungary , and second in Canada . Lotus team principal Eric Boullier said : "  Romain is a great talent and we are pleased that he is continuing with us for a second season . "  With the continuity of two exceptional drivers like Romain and Kimi we are well placed to build on our strong 2012 with even better results in the year ahead . "  Both drivers worked very well together in their first year as team-mates , and I think there is the potential of even better things from the season ahead . "  We were regular visitors to podiums in 2012 and we certainly intend to continue with this trend in 2013 . "	Lotus retain driver Romain Grosjean for the 2013 Formula One season The Frenchman finished eighth in the drivers ' championship on 96 points The 26-year-old was involved in several controversial incidents in 2012 Grosjean will again partner 2007 Formula One world champion Kimi Raikkonen
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev arrived Thursday in Dagestan to hold talks with regional political leaders and government officials following this week 's bomb blasts in Moscow and car bombings in the southern Russian republic . Medvedev planned to to hold a meeting about the situation with the heads of republics in the North Caucasus , territorial units of Russia 's Federal Security Service , and the Interior Ministry , the Interfax news agency reported . A car exploded in Dagestan late Wednesday , killing two men and wounding one more , Russian state-run news agency Itar-Tass reported . The Dagestani Interior Ministry said the car may have been carrying a homemade explosive device , Itar-Tass reported . It happened in the Khasavyurt region , about 75 kilometers  46.5 miles  from the regional capital of Makhachkala , the news agency said . Twelve people were killed and 23 wounded earlier Wednesday when two car bombs exploded in the Dagestani town of Kizlyar , near the restive republic of Chechnya . Most of the dead and wounded were police officers , officials told CNN . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said he does n't rule out the double bombings earlier Wednesday were carried out by the same terrorist groups behind Monday 's suicide attacks on the Moscow metro , in which two female suicide bombers killed at least 39 people . Chechen rebel leader Dokku Umarov claimed Wednesday on a Chechen rebel Web site that he personally gave orders for the subway attacks .	Medvedev 's visit to restive southern republic follows suicide bombings 2 killed Wednesday in car blast possible caused by homemade explosives Suicide bombers also killed 39 people in Moscow subway attack Monday
Delhi  CNN  A court in New Delhi Wednesday summoned India 's former Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , as a suspect in a trial over alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks , a spokeswoman for the investigating agency told CNN . Singh and his former government have repeatedly denied accusations they cost the treasury billions of dollars in lost revenue by selling coalfields to private companies , without allowing competitive bidding . The 82-year-old leader , who served as the nation 's prime minister for two successive terms until last year , was not named as a defendant in the original dossier of charges , said Kanchan Prasad , the spokeswoman for the Central Bureau of Investigation  CBI  . Nevertheless , the trial court summoned him and some other corporate leaders to testify in person on April 8 , she said . The case Singh has been asked to appear for relates to the licensing of a coal block to a private firm some 10 years ago , when he was also guardian of the nation 's coal ministry . The summons has been issued under India 's anti-corruption law . Singh said he was open to legal scrutiny . "  I  Am sure that the truth will prevail and I will get a chance to put forward my case with all the facts . I have always said I am open for legal scrutiny . Of course I am upset , but this is part of life , " he said in a text message issued by his office . Singh 's Congress Party also came to his defense . The former prime minister functioned with "  utmost probity and utmost transparency " during his term , said senior Congress Party leader Manish Tiwari . He said Singh 's legal team would thoroughly examine the summons , and indicated it may be challenged in a higher court . The Oxford-Cambridge educated Singh has been credited with ushering in economic reforms in India as its finance minister in the 1990s . In his first term as prime minister , he initiated a historic nuclear deal with the United States that ended the South Asian nation 's decades-old isolation in the global nuclear market . His second tenure was hit by the unearthing of a series of scandals spread across various sectors . In 2012 , the national auditor alleged a widespread scam in the allocation of coal blocks . India depends heavily on coal for power . The fuel is abundantly available in the country , but that 's still not enough to satisfy the demand for energy in Asia 's third-largest economy . For the current financial year , national demand for thermal coal to produce energy has been estimated at 551.6 million tonnes , according to official figures . Of it , at least 84.7 million tonnes is being met through imports , coal minister Piyush Goyal told the Indian parliament in December . The state-run monopoly Coal India Limited  CIL  accounts for more than 80 % of the output . Plans by current Prime Minister Narendra Modi for future privatization of the industry faced resistance recently , when CIL workers stopped work in January . The two-day strike -- the biggest of its kind in four decades -- not only severely limited the ability of the companies to meet their production quotas , but forced the government to go slow on reforms .	Court summons former Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Due to appear on April 8 ; case relates to the licensing of a coal block to a private firm 10 years ago
CNN  -- Citing a continued improvement in the security climate in Saudi Arabia , the United States has authorized the return of all family members to U.S. diplomatic outposts in the oil-rich monarchy . At the same time , the U.S. State Department is recommending that Americans there continue to adopt security precautions in the Middle Eastern kingdom and "  keep a low profile . " The directive , dated Thursday , is an update to a travel warning issued in February . The diplomatic posts in question include the U.S. Embassy in Riyadh and the U.S. consulates in Jeddah and Dhahran . The Eastern Province and Riyadh were singled out as areas where security has improved . "  The last major terrorist attack directed against foreign nationals was in 2007 . Significant measures since then by the Saudi government have greatly improved the security environment throughout the kingdom , " the State Department travel warning said . The State Department emphasized that "  an ongoing security threat " persists and citizens should consider risks of visiting the kingdom , where militants maintain a presence . American visitors should be careful to select living arrangements that have "  stringent security measures . " "  There is an ongoing security threat due to the continued presence of terrorist groups , some affiliated with al Qaeda , who may target Western interests , housing compounds , hotels , shopping areas , and other facilities where Westerners congregate . These terrorist groups may employ a wide variety of tactics and also may target Saudi government facilities and economic/commercial targets within the kingdom , " the department said .	The last major terror strike in Saudi Arabia occurred in 2007 An "  ongoing security threat " persists , U.S. State Department says Americans told to keep a "  low profile "
Paul Simon and his wife Edie Brickell will not be prosecuted on domestic violence charges filed against the couple after an argument , a court official said Tuesday . The prosecutor decided to drop the domestic violence case against the singing couple , the clerk of Norwalk , Connecticut , Superior Court told CNN . Simon , 72 , and Brickell , 47 , were arrested on disorderly conduct charges by police investigating a family dispute at their New Canaan , Connecticut , home on April 26 , according to police . They were released from jail the next morning . The couple held hands when appearing before a judge in court appearance the next day . "  Edie and I are fine , " Simon told the judge . "  We 're going to see our son 's baseball game this afternoon . " Brickell , in a statement sent to CNN by her lawyer , took the blame for starting the argument . "  I got my feelings hurt and I picked a fight with my husband , " Brickell said . "  The police called it disorderly . Thank God it 's orderly now . " Simon and Brickell live in New Canaan , an affluent community about an hour 's train ride from Manhattan . The town is home to a long list of rich and famous . Simon is half of the legendary duo of Simon and Garfunkel that , starting in the 1960s , had hits including "  Bridge Over Troubled Water , " "  Mrs. Robinson , " "  The Sound of Silence " and "  Scarborough Fair . " His solo career has spanned four decades and produced hits including , "  Still Crazy After All These Years , " "  Graceland " and "  50 Ways to Leave Your Lover . " Brickell has one chart hit , titled "  What I Am , " with her 1980s rock group Edie Brickell & New Bohemians . She has also recorded with Simon during their 22 years of marriage .	The prosecutor decided to drop the domestic violence case against the singing couple Simon and Brickell were arrested on disorderly conduct charges after an argument "  I picked a fight with my husband , " Brickell says
CNN  Has Russian President Vladimir Putin gone completely mad ? This question is actually being debated in serious circles . In a telephone conversation with President Obama a few months ago , German Chancellor Angela Merkel is reported to have suggested her Russian counterpart is "  living in another world . " The Ukraine crisis : Everything you need to know Just last week , a leaked report commissioned by the U.S. Defense Department in 2008 concluded that the Russian leader may have Asperger 's Syndrome , a type of high-functioning autism . The report said it may account for his apparently high degree of control . A Pentagon spokesman said there was no guidance from the Department of Defense on the report and experts told CNN they were skeptical of the reliability of the Asperger 's claim . For the record , the Kremlin has dismissed the allegation as utter nonsense . Putin , though , is an enigma . His unflinching support for rebel separatists in Eastern Ukraine , despite their alleged excesses , has plunged Russia 's relations with the West into their worst crisis since the end of the Cold War . Even in the face of mounting international sanctions that have isolated Russia and helped hobble its fragile economy , Western officials say weapons and manpower continue to flow across the border , although the Kremlin insists it is supplying neither . Clearly , Putin is determined to get his way in Ukraine . We already know , essentially , what this means in terms of a peace deal -- a truce was signed last September , although it did n't hold . The Minsk Protocol agreed that , among other things , autonomy would be granted to Ukraine 's southeastern regions . The Russian language would be given official status . A buffer zone would be established along the front lines and heavy weapons would be pulled back from civilian areas . But Putin may actually want much more . On an official visit to Egypt this week , the Russian president dropped a large hint -- and not for the first time . In an interview with the Al-Ahram newspaper he rejected Russian responsibility for the crisis in Ukraine . "  It emerged in response to the attempts of the U.S.A. and its Western allies , who considered themselves winners of the Cold War , to impose their will everywhere , " Putin told the newspaper . "  Promises of non-expansion of the NATO to the east have turned out to be hollow statements , " he said . A solution to the Ukraine crisis , then , may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership , however unpalatable that may be to some in the West . Russian diplomats call it guaranteeing Ukraine 's "  neutral status " -- which sounds much better than "  capitulation . " The bigger problem , though , is that this may not end with Ukraine . For Putin , this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances , which includes the West trampling over Russia 's interests from Kosovo to Iraq , to Libya and Syria . Putin 's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate , and permanently change Russia 's relationship with the West . Obama says Putin has failed to modernize Russia	A solution to the Ukraine crisis may involve ruling the country out of any future NATO membership , writes Matthew Chance For Putin , this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances , says Chance Putin 's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-Soviet assumptions about what Russia will tolerate , he says
CNN  -- A blue moon is rising . While its rival stumbled at the final furlong , Manchester City held its nerve and claimed the three points which it so badly craved . A 4-0 victory over Aston Villa -- a win which helped take its goal tally to 100 in this season 's Premier League , came following a frustrating first half in which the visiting side held firm . In the end , it was Edin Dzeko who finally made the breakthrough , scoring twice in eight minutes to settle the nerves before further strikes from Stevan Jovetic and Yaya Toure sealed the win . City will now go into Sunday 's final home with West Ham with its destiny firmly its own hands . A draw will be sufficient to win the title -- but a defeat would allow Liverpool to snatch the crown should it overcome Newcastle at Anfield . "  It was very difficult , " City defender Pablo Zabaleta told Sky Sports . "  If you do n't score early , sometimes it can be hard , but the key was we worked hard , we found space and we stayed patient . "  It was a very solid performance , nothing is won yet but it was very important to win here tonight . "  It was a massive step forward but there is still one game to play . West Ham has nothing to play for but they have some very good players and can score goals . "  The spirit is great here , the players work very hard , we kept the belief when we were in third place and now we are here . We have a great chance and hopefully on Sunday we can celebrate the title . " The margin of victory against Villa would scarcely have been imaginable at halftime with Villa proving stubborn in defense . City , which dominated the opening 45 minutes , failed to find a way past a resolute visiting side . Having watched Liverpool slip up at Crystal Palace , where it contrived to throw away a three-goal lead , it would have been understandable for City 's frustration to surface . Instead , it stepped up a gear and when Dzeko fired home Zabaleta 's cross from close-range , the shackles were released . The Bosnian tapped home a second when Brad Guzan failed to hold Samir Nasri 's effort and Jovetic added a third with a minute of normal time remaining . There was still time for Toure to rampage through the midfield and beat Guzan to notch his side 's fourth and City 's 100th of the season . "  We played good football in the first half , they did n't have any chances but the manager said just to be calm and we would get what we wanted , " added Dzeko . "  When the team defends with 10 players in the box , it 's always about the first goal . It was very important . Once we got it , gaps opened up and we scored more . " Manuel Pellegrini 's men will now prepare for West Ham with the title within touching distance . Elsewhere , Sunderland confirmed its place in next season 's Premier League with a 2-0 win over West Bromwich Albion . Jack Colback and Fabio Borini secured the points for Sunderland , which had looked doomed only weeks ago . The result means Norwich City requires a last-day miracle to survive relegation .	Manchester City moves to the top of the Premier League City can clinch league title on Sunday after 4-0 win over Aston Villa Edin Dzeko scores twice with Stevan Jovetic also on target City faces West Ham on Sunday in final game
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama prepares to visit Myanmar next week , a nonprofit group warned violence between Buddhists and Muslims in the west of the country could destabilize the nation just as it is emerging from decades of military repression . Obama is set to become the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar , providing a powerful endorsement of the Southeast Asian nation 's efforts to move toward greater democracy under President Thein Sein . But his arrival follows months of turmoil in the western state of Rakhine , where tensions between the majority Buddhist community and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group , boiled over into clashes that have killed scores of people and left tens of thousands of others living in makeshift camps . Read more : What a difference a year makes in Myanmar The Rohingya , most of whom do n't have Myanmar citizenship , appear to have born the brunt of the violence . The situation has ominous signs for Myanmar and its complex ethnic makeup , according to the International Crisis Group , a nonprofit organization that provides analysis and advocacy on conflicts around the world . "  The ongoing intercommunal strife in Rakhine State is of grave concern , " the group said in a report released Monday . "  And there is the potential for similar violence elsewhere , as nationalism and ethno-nationalism rise and old prejudices resurface . " The bloodshed and upheaval of recent months have left the Buddhist and Rohingya communities in Rakhine "  essentially segregated , " the report said . A failure by authorities to address the deepening divisions between the communities could result in a resumption of violence in the future , the report argues , "  which would be to the detriment of both communities , and of the country as a whole . " Read more : Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? Citing government figures , the United Nations says at least 89 people have been killed in violence in Rakhine in recent weeks and 110,000 people are now displaced . The deaths come on top of dozens of others during clashes in May and June . Some Rohingya have tried to flee into neighboring Bangladesh , but many have been blocked at the border . Bangladeshi authorities say that the more than 200,000 Rohingya refugees already in the country are as many as they can deal with . The risk for Myanmar authorities , according to the International Crisis Group report , is that the unrest in Rakhine could spread to other parts of the country . "  All the large cities have significant Muslim minorities , " the report says . "  And if the violence in Rakhine State evolves into a broader religious conflict , with communities turning on each other across the country , it could be a source of major instability and a serious threat to the reform process . "	A nonprofit group is warning ongoing violence could destabilize the country The clashes are between majority Buddhists and a stateless ethnic Muslim group Scores have been killed in clashes in recent weeks Roughly 110,000 people are displaced
CNN  The national office of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity changed its tune . Just two weeks ago , the national office condemned a racist chant that resulted in the shutdown of the University of Oklahoma SAE chapter , saying , "  The national fraternity does not teach such a racist , hateful chant , and this chant is not part of any education or training . " The fraternity brothers probably "  learned the song from fellow chapter members , " SAE said . But in a Friday statement , the SAE national office said otherwise . The OU chapter , SAE said , "  likely learned a racist chant while attending a national leadership school about four years ago . " The fraternity invites hundreds of leaders to a six-day conference every year , SAE said . "  While attendees have little social time , there are occasions when participants can gather socially , " the statement said . " -LSB- Executive Director Blaine -RSB- Ayers said it is likely that during one of these social gatherings , some members shared the racist song that was recorded on video at the University of Oklahoma and shared through social media earlier this month . " Ayers said the organization has no evidence the chant is widespread across the fraternity 's 237 groups . "  Our investigation to date shows no evidence the song was widely shared across the broader organization , " Ayers said . "  The song is horrific and does not at all reflect our values as an organization . " But OU President David Boren , in revealing details of the university investigation on Friday , said the chant was an integral part of life in the local chapter . "  Over time the chant was formalized in the local SAE chapter and was taught to pledges as part of the formal and informal leadership process , " he said . "  It is clear that during the four years since the chant was brought to the university campus , its existence was known by recent members and ... it became part of the institutionalized culture of the chapter . " Boren said "  alcohol was readily available at the fraternity house " on March 7 and some chapter members were drinking . He also said about a dozen high school students had been invited to the event and "  were exposed to the chant . " The chant was discovered by the school newspaper and a student organization , which received the video clip via anonymous messages . The video shows party-bound students on a bus clapping , pumping their fists and laughing as they chant , "  There will never be a ni **** SAE . You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . There will never be a ni **** SAE . " The university cut ties with Sigma Alpha Epsilon after the video surfaced , as did the national fraternity , and both launched investigations . The university has disciplined fraternity members with punishment ranging from permanent withdrawals to sensitivity training . Fraternity officers have issued apologies . SAE issued questions-and-answers about the controversy , noting the fraternity plans to hire a director of diversity and inclusion . About 20 % of SAE members self-identify as a minority or non-Caucasian , SAE said .	Sigma Alpha Epsilon 's national office issues a statement about racist chant University of Oklahoma SAE members "  likely " learned chant at a national frat conference , SAE says
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was re-elected Sunday to a new six-year term , overcoming an energetic challenge by a candidate backed by an opposition coalition , according to nearly complete results announced by election officials . Chavez , who has been president since 1999 , defeated Henrique Capriles Radonski , whose campaign criticized the Chavez administration for inefficiencies , infrastructure shortcomings and corruption . Chavez highlighted his accomplishments in housing , education and health initiatives and acknowledged he needed to do more on crime and government bureaucracy . With 90 % of the ballots counted Sunday night , Chavez has 54.42 % of the vote compared with 44.97 % for Capriles , according to Tibisay Lucena , president of the National Electoral Council . Chavez had secured 7.4 million votes and Capriles 6.1 million votes , election officials said . The country saw one of its highest participation rates in decades , with almost 81 % of voters going to the polls , Lucena said . In fact , some polls were kept open two hours after their scheduled closing because lines of voters were waiting for ballots . As throughout the day , the army was still deployed Sunday evening and was standing by throughout the country to ensure a peaceful and secure vote , said Maj. Gen. Wilmer Barrientos , commander of strategic operations command . Earlier in the evening , Chavez thanked his campaign staff in a phone call aired on state-run television at mid-evening and asked people to remain calm until the election results were completed . Chavez said people were still voting in some places . "  Let us wait for the results patiently , calmly and prepare ourselves to accept the results whatever they may be , " he said . "  This will be a triumph for democracy , " he added . He asked that there be no violence . Long lines began forming in the early morning hours at polling stations from remote regions of the Amazon to the bustling capital of Caracas . One election official , Rosalin Montiel , told state-run television that polling stations in the municipality of San Francisco in the state of Zulia would remain open past the schedule closing time -- "  until the last elector casts his vote . " Nearly 140,000 troops were deployed throughout the country to guard polls and keep the peace , state-run VTV reported . By mid-afternoon , Barrientos reported 15 electoral offenses throughout the entire country , the Venezuelan military said on its Twitter account . No further details were immediately available . After casting his ballot , Chavez called on Venezuelans to vote and remain calm . "  Have no doubt that we will respect the results , whatever they are . ... We have to recognize the results , " he told reporters . After casting his vote , Capriles said governors nationwide had reported "  massive participation , demonstrating one more time that Venezuelans want to resolve our differences through democratic means . " He told reporters that "  whatever the people say today , for me , is sacred , " and said he would push for national unity after the results are released . "  There will be a winner . There will a president-elect . But there will not be a defeated people , " he said . "  Tomorrow , we are only one country , only one Venezuela . Tomorrow in the country there are many problems that we have to resolve . Problems do not wait . " On the eve of the election , Chavez -- who is facing the strongest challenge to his 13-year-rule -- stressed that the election would be free and fair and called on people across the political spectrum to "  prepare emotionally " for Sunday 's result . "  It wo n't be the end of the world for anybody , " he said . Chavez has dismissed his much younger challenger as a "  fly " not worth chasing , when challenged to a debate earlier this year . The president 's critics were confident that Capriles could unseat the long-ruling leftist leader , a refrain previously heard before eventual defeats . Yet the incumbent is a political survivor and remains popular at home . But there were signals , observers said , that this time Chavez really was on the ropes . Chavez 's influence over Latin America 's left-leaning governments has often rankled the United States , Venezuela 's largest trading partner . Venezuela is the fourth-largest exporter of oil to the United States . Despite that tight economic relationship , the two countries are not exactly close allies : Chavez often rails against the U.S. and its allies as "  imperialists . " Further complicating the U.S.-Venezuela relationship is how Chavez is allied with Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , defended former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and has even offered his support for Syria 's leader Bashar al-Assad . At stake for Venezuelans is the ideological trajectory of their country . Chavez , 58 , has had more than a decade to implement his vision of 21st century socialism , a view that emphasizes use of state oil windfalls to fund social programs . Observers say Capriles , 40 , represents a moderate alternative . He has vowed not to end the social programs that Chavez has set up , and he promises to fight corruption that has grown in the public sector . The candidates offer two distinct paths to solve the problems that are on Venezuelans minds : decaying infrastructure , high crime rates and political polarization . The election also drew voters from beyond the country 's borders as thousands of Venezuelans living abroad lined up to cast their ballots at diplomatic offices . In New Orleans , Louisiana , voters streamed into the Venezuelan Consulate . Many traveled by bus from Miami , where Venezuelan authorities closed a consulate in January after the United States expelled the office 's top Venezuelan diplomat . In Caracas , voters said they were happy to be casting their ballots . "  I 'm really proud of the people , because everyone is cheerful about this event and I think there is a good feeling , " said Jesus Betancourt , a 25-year-old student . Standing outside the Caracas school where Chavez cast his ballot , Katherene Rivas said she hoped Venezuelans would respect the results . "  For now , everything is quiet here , and we want that after the results are announced , that people remain calm , " she said . Journalist Osmary Hernandez and CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Paula Newton , Gustavo Valdes , Helena DeMoura , Patricia Janiot , Rafael Romo , Michael Martinez and Richard Singer contributed to this report .	NEW : With 90 % of ballots counted , Chavez has 54 % of the vote , officials say NEW : Opponent Henrique Capriles Radonski has 45 % of the vote NEW : The 81 % turnout is one of the highest in decades , elections chief says Hugo Chavez , president since 1999 , is re-elected to a six-year term
Attorney General Eric Holder urged other countries to enact new criminal laws to help prevent possible terrorist attacks from returning Syrian fighters . In a speech in Oslo , Norway , on Tuesday , Holder highlighted the threat from domestic extremists such as a lone terrorist who three years ago bombed government buildings in the Norwegian capital and gunned down people at a youth camp , killing 77 people in all . Holder said the United States , along with Norway and other European countries , face similar danger from "  violent extremists fighting today in Syria , Iraq or other locations " who "  may seek to commit acts of terror tomorrow in our countries as well . " U.S. intelligence estimates that nearly 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to Syria , including dozens from the United States . The issue of Syrian fighters from Western countries is dominating Holder 's trip this week to Europe , which includes a meeting in London of attorneys general from the U.S. , UK , Canada , Australia and New Zealand . Open visa access among European countries and the U.S. means "  the problem of fighters in Syria returning to any of our countries is a problem for all of our countries , " Holder said in his speech , excerpts of which were provided in advance by the Justice Department . "  The Syrian conflict has turned that region into a cradle of violent extremism , " he said . "  But the world can not simply sit back and let it become a training ground from which our nationals can return and launch attacks . " To combat the threat , Holder is calling on countries to pass laws to criminalize the preparatory steps that suspects often take before an attack , and to allow police to conduct undercover investigations . The U.S. has a law that makes it a crime to provide "  material support " to terrorists , including supplying money or weapons , or helping to plot an attack . Similar laws are now on the books in Norway and France . Holder also cited the FBI 's success in using undercover sting operations , which have drawn controversy in the U.S. but have been successful in prosecuting dozens of suspects who had admitted to plans to commit terrorism . Many countries do n't allow such operations . But Holder said the use of such operations could help countries thwart attacks . He said the U.S. has already used these tools to carry out prosecutions of people who sought to travel to join the fight in Syria . "  These operations are conducted with extraordinary care and precision , ensuring that law enforcement officials are accountable for the steps they take and that suspects are neither entrapped nor denied legal protections , " Holder said . He also called on countries to share information with Interpol and one another about their nationals who try to travel to Syria to fight and those who return . And he urged countries to come up with counter-radicalization programs that try to reach communities where young people may be exposed to extremists . "  We must seek to stop individuals from becoming radicalized in the first place by putting in place strong programs to counter violent extremism in its earliest stages , " Holder said .	Eric Holder urges countries to enact new criminal laws that clamp down on suspects He cites "  violent extremists fighting today in Syria , Iraq or other locations " U.S. intelligence estimates that nearly 7,000 foreign fighters have traveled to Syria Holder urges nations to share information about nationals who try to travel to Syria to fight
Shenzhen , China  CNN  -- In a brightly-lit Shenzhen restaurant , 21-year-old Zheng Liqiang , a migrant worker from the inland province of Sichuan , describes his life in this southern Chinese city as "  bu kai xin " -- glum . He says his working hours are too long ; his salary too low and he has no personal life . "  I feel lonely in this big city , " he says . For the past three years , Zheng has been fixing photocopy machines at various factories in China 's manufacturing heartland . His monthly salary of 3,500 to 4,500 yuan  $ 580 - $ 740  -- depending on overtime -- is higher than the average wage , but only because his job requires more risks -- the ink has toxic fumes . Yet , he worries about losing a job he loathes . In fact , he says he feels constantly anxious -- a state of mind made clear by a habit of cracking his knuckles and jiggling his leg as he talks . If he were able to speak to a psychologist , it 's possible he would be diagnosed as suffering from anxiety disorder , a common problem among migrant workers , according to Professor Cheng Yu at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou . "  Their mental health is far more worrying than we originally thought , " he said . Emotional burden Cheng and his colleagues interviewed 807 migrant workers in the Shenzhen area and had in-depth conversations with 60 of them . Their research suggested that 58.5 % of those surveyed suffered from depression , 17 % from anxiety and 4.6 % had considered the idea of suicide . His team found that the majority of those surveyed , half of whom were under 30 , bore a heavy financial and emotional burden as they left behind aging parents or young children . They felt guilty for being unable to care for them and , at the same time , felt pressure to provide for their families . Cheng said he first noticed this issue five years ago when he conducted research on the mental health of sex workers in the region , most of whom worked at factories before turning to prostitution . In 2010 , the issue made international headlines after a spate of worker suicides at Foxconn , a large electronic manufacturer that assembles many Apple products , making the professor determined to find out the root causes of the workers ' mental health problems . Loneliness and a sense of isolation were reported to be among the reasons that drove the workers to jump off factory and dormitory roofs . Though the focus of Cheng 's research was in the southern province of Guangdong , the mental health of migrants is likely to be similar elsewhere in the country . Some 260 million Chinese farmers have left their villages and to work in cities , according to the China Labour Bulletin . Despite their contribution to China 's economic miracle , the social status of these migrant workers remains low . It 's not a phenomenon unique to China . Throughout the world , research suggests that migrant workers are more likely to experience mental illness than those who stay behind as they adjust to a new environment without their families and social support groups . In China 's case , the hukou system -- or household registration system that divides the population into two distinct categories of the urban and the rural -- makes things harder for the migrants , who do n't enjoy the same access to healthcare and education as other city residents . They are often discriminated against in terms of salary and treatment . Better-educated and internet savvy , younger migrants like Zheng suffer more from this urban-rural divide than their elders . Zheng 's parents left home with one goal in mind : making money in the city and then returning home . ` Toad who eats swan meat ? ' Zheng , however , aspires to become a true urbanite and wants to be an interior designer . He tries to study the subject on his own but struggles to find time to do so . His parents -- who work in Shenzhen as a small time trader and a domestic helper - laugh at his efforts , calling him "  a toad who dreams of eating swan meat . " "  The glaring gap between what they desire and the harsh reality intensifies the anxiety and depression for some young workers , " said Cheng . Many workers ' lives are confined to production lines and dormitories . They may change jobs -- indeed they change more frequently than their parents did -- but their chances of climbing up to the next level to become , say , a designer , are limited . Having grown up with his grandparents in his hometown in Sichuan , Zheng does n't have much to say to his parents . He is aware that he should consider himself lucky to have his family around , but he nevertheless feels lonely in Shenzhen . He has only a few friends here , all young migrants from Sichuan . Constrained by time , money and changing shifts , they are unable to meet often . One day , he hopes to settle in Chengdu , the capital of his province where he spent two happy years studying at a technology college . The government recently announced plans to relax the control over hukou system in a bid to narrow the gap between rural and urban areas and to help migrants assimilate better into the city life . But the process will be a long and slow one . "  We just have to pay more attention to mental diseases as they can lead to suicide , " said Cheng . He recommends compulsory mental health testing in the workplace and a practice he calls "  positive psychological intervention " -- setting up hotlines and counseling services and providing workers with more opportunities to socialize . It is a big question when , if at all , professor Cheng 's ideas may be turned into reality . For young Zheng and millions like him , the struggle is likely to continue .	China has more than 260 million migrant workers Survey suggests many may suffer from mental health problems Leaving behind children and elderly parents an emotional and financial burden Better-educated and internet savvy , younger migrants suffer more than their elders
New York  CNN  -- Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Thursday that some city snow plows will be fitted with global positioning systems in a pilot program meant to better track sanitation vehicles as officials brace for a winter storm . "  It gives us the ability to check on the location and progress of our snow plows , " Bloomberg told reporters , saying that the devices will be added to some trucks in New York 's Brooklyn and Queens boroughs where heavy snowfall last month left many residents snowbound . The city will also deploy scout teams to transmit video images of neighborhoods back to City Hall during clean-up efforts , the mayor said . He added that John Doherty , Sanitation Department chief , has made management and personnel shake-ups in Brooklyn following sharp criticism for the city 's slow reaction to the holiday blizzard . That response has prompted an investigation into whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed clean-up efforts over frustrations of demotions and citywide budget cuts . "  These are only initial improvements , " Bloomberg said . "  Certainly not the last word on the subject . " He said Department of Investigations Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn is also conducting an independent review over allegations of a slowdown . Joseph Mannion , president of the Sanitation Officers Association , said there was no coordinated effort to deliberately delay clean-up efforts among supervisors . The association later posted comments , saying : "  When you look around your neighborhood and wonder what the heck happened with the City 's snow fighting ability you do n't have to look any further than City Hall . " The heavy slow hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . On Wednesday , Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano replaced the man who led the Emergency Medical Service after 170 ambulances became trapped during the blizzard . "  This city will be better off with a different person in charge , " the mayor said . The states of New York and New Jersey had loaned the city 35 ambulances to help reduce the backlog of emergency medical services requests during the storm . In one instance , a newborn died in Brooklyn after the mother waited nine hours for emergency responders , said Fire Department spokesman Steve Rittea . The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm watch for New York , New Jersey and Connecticut starting early Friday . Forecasters project between two and four inches of snow , with heavier amounts of snow expected over eastern sections of Long Island .	Mayor Bloomberg : Some city snow plows will be fitted with global positioning systems City will also deploy scout teams to transmit video images back to City Hall Winter storm watch issued for New York , New Jersey and Connecticut
Turkey 's lawmakers voted Thursday to authorize military force against the Islamic State terror group in Syria and Iraq , opening the door to cooperation with a U.S.-led coalition going after ISIS as its fighters laid siege to towns just south of the Turkish border . The Turkish Parliament voted 298-98 to not only to let the country 's military leave its borders to go after ISIS and other terror groups , but also allow foreign troops to launch operations from Turkey . The authorization takes effect Saturday . It is a big shift for Turkey , a NATO member , which until now offered only tacit support to a U.S.-led coalition of about 40 nations going after ISIS in Iraq and Syria in various capacities . The mood of Turkey 's leaders changed in recent days , with ISIS on the nation 's doorstep and tens of thousands fleeing across its border . The Prime Minister asked Parliament to consider military action this week , submitting a motion declaring that Turkey was seriously threatened by the chaos in Syria and Iraq , where ISIS has captured land and is trying to establish an Islamic caliphate . For months , ISIS has been advancing , capturing portions of northern and eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic state , or caliphate . The fighting has only intensified in the region in recent days , with ISIS advancing and nearly surrounding the Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani , known in Arabic as Ayn al-Arab , just a few miles from the border with Turkey . If ISIS takes Kobani , it will control a complete swath of land from its self-declared capital of Raqqa on the Euphrates River to the Turkish border , more than 100 kilometers  60 miles  away . Residents told to evacuate Residents in Kobani were ordered to evacuate Thursday by the local defense force , the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit  YPG  , as ISIS advanced on three fronts , seizing a number of villages just outside the city , Mustafa Abdi , a media activist in the city , told CNN . Abdi said he was waiting at the border at Mursitpinar with approximately 3,000 people waiting to cross into Turkey . Saroat Saeed , a university student , said he had made it across the border after waiting with what he said were the last civilians to leave Kobani . Only fighters trying to defend the city now remain , he said , but it is surrounded by ISIS and they face a dire situation . Alan Minbic , a YPG fighter , said Kobani had now been declared a military zone by the Kurdish force 's leaders . ISIS has Kobani surrounded from three sides and its fighters are positioned very close to the city , he said . Kurdish snipers have taken up positions on high ground around the city but can expect ISIS shelling to try to dislodge them , he said . The YPG is now expecting ISIS to try to enter the city itself , Minbic said , adding that guerrilla warfare is the best chance for the defenders of Kobani because they hold the city and know it well . ` We are not afraid to die ' Another YPG fighter who gave only his first name , Botan , said from Kobani that the Kurdish forces were determined to fight on . "  ISIS has surrounded us but we will fight , we are keeping our morale high , " he said . "  We know , we have also seen , what ISIS is capable of , what brutality they can do . ... We know what they can do but we are not afraid to die , we are not afraid to fight . We know what will happen if ISIS takes over our town and what they will do to us . " The fighters will resist neighborhood by neighborhood , he said . "  Our fight is not just for the Kurds , it is a fight for all of humanity . When people are getting their heads chopped off and tossed aside like animals , it is a duty to fight . " The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , said Thursday that clashes had been reported between YPG and ISIS fighters only a few hundred yards from the east and southeast of the city . ISIS militants have seized more than 350 villages in the past 16 days and displaced no fewer than 300,000 people from Kobani and the surrounding countryside , it said . Many have taken to social media to ask why there has been seemingly little attention by the United States and its coalition partners paid to helping the Kurdish fighters in Kobani hold off ISIS . On Twitter , people are using hashtags #ObamaHearKobani and #SaveKobani as part of an effort to raise the question . There was at least one airstrike near Kobani on Thursday by the coalition , according to the U.S. military . The strike targeted an ISIS checkpoint near the town , the military said . Turkey 's decision on military action came a day after newly appointed NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg stressed at his first news conference that the defense alliance was committed to protecting Turkey if it comes under attack . Special forces deployed A possible threat to an ancient tomb -- located in Syria but considered a Turkish enclave -- also appeared to be a factor in Turkey 's decision to approve going after ISIS . Reports had emerged that ISIS surrounded the tomb of the grandfather of the founder of the Ottoman Empire . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has dismissed reports that ISIS had surrounded the site . But the debate in Parliament mentioned increasing security risks to the white marble mausoleum . As part of the Treaty of Ankara in 1921 , which ended the Franco-Turkish War , Turkey was allowed to keep the tomb despite its location in Syria , to place guards at it and to raise a Turkish flag over it . Opinion : Will Turkish boots on ground really defeat ISIS ? There have been conflicting reports in recent days about what has happened at the tomb and its guards , with some claims emerging that ISIS fighters briefly took the guards captive . It has also been widely reported that ISIS has had the tomb surrounded for months . So valued is the tomb said to contain the remains of Suleyman Shah -- grandfather of Osman I , the founder of the Ottoman Empire -- that Turkey deployed special forces soldiers in March when ISIS began to take villages and towns surrounding the tomb . Allen : ` Important moment ' for anti-ISIS coalition U.N. report details abuses While Turkey approved the use of military action against ISIS , a new United Nations report outlined "  a staggering array " of human rights abuses committed by ISIS in Iraq over a nine-week period , including executions , killings , rape and the desecration of religious sites . The report documents "  acts of violence of an increasingly sectarian nature " by ISIS and associated armed groups and says their abuses appear to be widespread and systematic . From women reportedly being shot in the head for refusing to treat ISIS fighters , to the execution of Sunnis who refused to swear allegiance to ISIS , to the suicide bombing of a Shia mosque , it 's a litany of horrors . Produced jointly by the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq and the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , the report covers the period from July 6 to September 10 , when ISIS was advancing across a swath of northern Iraq . The abuses "  include attacks directly targeting civilians and civilian infrastructure , executions and other targeted killings of civilians , abductions , rape and other forms of sexual and physical violence perpetrated against women and children , forced recruitment of children , destruction or desecration of places of religious or cultural significance , wanton destruction and looting of property , and denial of fundamental freedoms , " the report said . White House exempts ISIS strikes from civilian casualty guidelines	Coalition airstrikes targeted ISIS near Kobani , U.S. military says Strikes come as criticism mounts about the coalition response to Kobani 's plight Residents ordered to leave as ISIS fighters advance on Kobani , flee across border Kurdish fighter says Kobani is now a military zone , defenders will fight in the streets
BEIJING , China  Reuters  -- Just days after China marked the one-year countdown to the Olympics with fireworks , pomp and ceremony , the Chinese co-designer of the Games ' most iconic stadium has slammed the event as a public-relations sham . Ai Weiwei : "  Can a nation be celebrated and be so proud with this ignoring of its past ? " Ai Weiwei , one of China 's foremost architects , said he feels "  disgusted " that the $ 400 million , "  Bird 's Nest " National Stadium he helped design with Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron has become a proud symbol of China 's development . "  I 've already forgotten about it . I turn down all the demands to have photographs with it . I 'm not interested , " the portly artist told Reuters at a studio in Beijing 's northeast suburbs . "  I would feel ashamed if I just designed something for glamour or to show some kind of fake image . " Last Wednesday , Chinese and Olympic officials hosted a 10,000-strong celebration gala with fireworks , dancers and pop stars on Tiananmen Square , scene of a bloody army crackdown on student-led pro-democracy demonstrations in 1989 . Ai 's criticism stands in marked contrast to the upsurge in national pride the Olympics has generated , though it does join a chorus of deliberately timed criticism from mainly foreign rights groups . The designer , who once smashed a 2,000-year-old Han dynasty vase for art , speaks candidly -- and from personal experience . Ai was raised in a labor camp in China 's remote northwestern region of Xinjiang , after his father , Ai Qing -- himself regarded as one of China 's finest modern poets -- was purged in the 1950s after being denounced as "  an enemy of the state and a rightist . " "  I spent five years with him at a labor camp where he cleaned toilets , but these stories become so catchy today , " Ai shrugged . "  I have my own problems . " He likened China 's embrace of the Olympics as a "  pretend smile . " "  Can a nation be celebrated and be so proud with this ignoring of its past ? " Ai asked , sitting on a bench next to one of his works , a distended wooden slab called "  Crooked Coffin . " "  Can you have the self-confidence to clearly examine yourself , rather than to give this kind of pretend smile on your face ... It 's this kind of fake smile which is disgusting ... So I hate this . " When asked about what China was trying to hide , Ai said : "  There are too many things . The whole political structure , the condition of civil rights ... corruption , pollution , education , you name it . " "  Then just say ` let 's forget about all this , ' let 's just light some big fireworks , let 's have those stupid directors , those people are such opportunists and they just become part of the powerful manipulators because they have no self-consciousness and have such bad taste . " Ai said the 91,000-seat "  Bird 's Nest " remained a beautiful , if regretful , commission . "  I did it because I love design and the idea of how it would be looked at by others , " he said . "  I can also do self-criticism . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	One of China 's foremost architects slams country for Olympic ceremonies Ai Weiwei say China is promoting superficial image of nation to world Architect spent years as a child in labor camps
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan , say they 've secured backing from local leaders for an upcoming military operation in the province . McChrystal took Karzai and some of his security chiefs to Kandahar , considered the heartland of Taliban country . With McChrystal in the front row , Karzai delivered a full-court press to a group of about 300 tribal leaders Sunday , in a bid to get their support . The group sat on carpets and cushions on the floor as they listened to Karzai passionately talk about increasing security and ending corruption . He also had a stong message for the Taliban . "  First I call on the Taliban for peace . Do not kill your country men and children . Do not kill innocents , " Karzai said . "  Separate yourself from al Qaeda and the terrorists . " McChrystal and Karzai believe they got approval for the coming offensive , which has already been delayed once . About a month and a half ago , another military plan presented to locals by Karzai was rejected . McCrystal said securing support from Afghan leaders before the start of a new offensive was critical to success . He added that this is a lesson learned from previous offensives in the country . Tribal leaders had mixed reviews for the plan . Some doubted Karzai 's government was capable of mounting such an offensive . Others expressed faith in the president , but objected to the involvement of U.S. troops . Karzai did not say when the upcoming military operation would take place . But initial reports indicate that Afghan troops will take the main role in the center of Kandahar , while U.S. troops will be mainly on the perimeter .	Afghan President Harmid Karzai and U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal travel to Kandahar Met with 300 local leaders Karzai , McChrystal believe they got go-ahead for military operation Tribal leaders have mixed reviews
Why would you ever leave vacation days on the table ? When it comes to taking enough time off from work to have a real vacation , workers in the United States and Asia Pacific countries still need work channeling their inner Griswold . Given about 15 vacation days in the past year , U.S. workers took 14 and left one day unused , according to Expedia.com 's 2014 Vacation Deprivation study , released Thursday . That 's actually better than last year 's results , when U.S. workers used only 12 of their 14 allotted days . Workers blame their work schedules  19 %  , a desire to use the days in the following year  18 %  , finances  18 %  and difficulty coordinating the time off  16 %  . The annual study of vacation habits of more than 7,800 employed adults across 24 countries in Asia , Europe , North America and South America found significant differences in the ways residents of different countries handle their vacation time . Many residents of Asian countries are truly committed to work over vacation . They earned an average of 19 days off , and took only 14 . Thai workers got a measly 11 vacation days but only took 10 . But South Korean workers left more than half of their vacation days on the table , taking only 7 of 15 available days off in the past year . The United Arab Emirates was the outlier , with its workers earning and taking an average of 30 days off annually . Americans taking fewest vacation days in four decades Europeans certainly have more opportunities to go on vacation , the survey shows . Europeans get 28 days per year on average , nearly double the vacation time of their holiday-deprived peers in North America and the Asia Pacific region .  Residents of Denmark , France , Germany , and Spain get 30 days , and they use them all . Lucky folks . Having the most vacation days earned and used did not lead to a more peaceful state of mind , however . Those UAE workers with an entire month off ? Some 73 % of UAE respondents report feeling "  very or somewhat vacation deprived , " the highest percentage in the survey . Some 75 % of workers in the United Kingdom reported feeling deprived because they do n't get enough vacation  26 days  . In contrast , only 38 % of Mexican workers -- with half the number of days off -- reported feeling "  very or somewhat " deprived . And they do n't get a European-sized bundle of vacation : Mexicans received an average of about 15 days off but only took 12 days . This study was conducted on behalf of Expedia by Northstar , a global consulting firm .	Many U.S. and Asian workers do n't use all their vacation days Europeans get more vacation and use more of it Even workers with a lot of vacation think they need more vacation
CNN  -- The decision to give Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law civilian , not military , treatment has reignited passionate differences of opinion on which type of justice is appropriate for someone who wages war on the United States . Several Republicans insist that Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , the bin Laden relative who was also al Qaeda 's chief spokesman , should be sent to the detention compound in the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba . Abu Ghaith pleaded not guilty Friday in U.S. District Court to charges of conspiring to kill Americans as part of terrorism . Civilian prosecution "  makes little sense , and reveals , yet again , a stubborn refusal to avoid holding additional terrorists at the secure facility at Guantanamo Bay despite the circumstances , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said of the administration 's decision . President Barack Obama has pledged to close the Guantanamo facility , controversial for alleged human rights violations , including interrogation techniques that a 2006 U.N. report said "  amounted to torture . " "  At Guantanamo , he could be held as a detainee and fulsomely and continuously interrogated without having to overcome the objections of his civilian lawyers , " McConnell said . "  Abu Ghaith has sworn to kill Americans , and he likely possesses information that could prevent harm to America and its allies . " Federal prosecutors said Abu Ghaith gave investigators a 22-page statement after his arrest , but they did n't reveal any of what the terror suspect said . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , also said that Abu Ghaith should have been sent to Guantanamo . "  If you are that close to bin Laden , " he said , "  we want to develop all the information that person has . " "  I think we  are  setting a new precedent that will come back to bite us , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told reporters . "  It 's clear to me they snuck him in ... under the nose of Congress . " The U.S. Justice Department says it examined the nature of Abu Ghaith 's alleged offenses and whether charges would better be served in federal court or through a military commission . "  In this case , the president 's national security team examined this matter and unanimously agreed that prosecution of Ghaith in federal court will best protect the national security interests of the United States , " department spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle said in a written statement . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the administration can bring Abu Ghaith to justice while obtaining intelligence from him . "  We 're able to do both , " Earnest said . From at least May 2001 to 2002 , Abu Ghaith appeared with Osama bin Laden and his then-deputy Ayman al-Zawahiri and warned that attacks similar to 9/11 would continue , Earnest said . "  So , this is somebody who is going to be held accountable for his crimes , " Earnest said . Evidence in the court case has been sealed , and prosecutors said they were reviewing classified evidence to see if it would be used in Abu Ghaith 's trial . Abu Ghaith 's 22-page statement could be admitted in federal court if he was given a Miranda warning , but military tribunals could allow the statement even if the warning was n't given , CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  So that 's a clear difference " between the two systems , Toobin said . Information obtained by torture , however , is n't admissible in a Guantanamo military tribunal , Toobin added . "  The government has said they will not attempt , even against major  terror  figures like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , to use information that was obtained through water boarding , " Toobin said . CNN security analyst Peter Bergen said Abu Ghaith appears not to have been involved in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Rather , he emerged as an al Qaeda figure after the attacks , Bergen said . "  He 's really been a sort of bit player -- not to say that it is n't important that he goes on trial , " he said . Military legal expert Eugene Fiddell said the conspiracy charge against Abu Ghaith is not a war crime and is outside the jurisdiction of a military commission . The U.S. Treasury Department has described Abu Ghaith as "  the official spokesman of al Qaeda since his appointment to that position after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . " He has appeared in videos as "  the mouthpiece of bin Laden , " the department said . In January , the State Department reassigned the special envoy dealing with the closing of the Guantanamo detention facility and has no plans to replace him , leaving the administration 's timetable for closing the facility in question .	NEW : "  We 're able to do both , " Obama spokesman says of prosecution , intelligence Sulaiman Abu Ghaith should face military prosecution , several Republicans say He should be interrogated at Guantanamo for intelligence on al Qaeda , they say But the Justice Department says federal court protects national security
CNN  -- A vintage car collection , exotic birds and a gaudy palace ; former Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych was seemingly living the high life even as his country 's economy stalled . Now , as economic growth goes into reverse , Ukraine is in desperate need of financial help . The question is whether the country 's lawmakers will do what they must to persuade the world that there wo n't be a repeat of Yanukovych 's gaudy lifestyle . Last month , anti-corruption protesters in Ukraine surrounded the Kiev parliament building waving gold-painted loaves of bread . The demonstration was aimed at persuading lawmakers to pass strong anti-corruption legislation that would prohibit political leaders like Yanukovych from living gilded lifestyles funded by state coffers . Sadly , lawmakers balked , and the legislation failed by eight votes as too many members of parliament abstained . The vote was a significant setback to President Petro Poroshenko , who had promised to clean up corruption in his presidential campaign . But more importantly , the vote was a blow against efforts to revive Ukraine 's economy as the legislation is a prerequisite to securing the next vital tranche of the $ 17 billion multilateral loan package from the World Bank , the International Monetary Fund and the European Union . The cash is urgently needed if Ukraine is to shore up both its economy and its borders . True , a ceasefire has brought with it a lull in the fighting between government forces and pro-Russian rebels . But clashes have continued even as Russia continues to turn the screws with its own set of sanctions . The problem for Ukraine is that Yanukovych 's lifestyle -- allegedly funded through sweetheart deals and shady companies -- has left the international community wary of handing money over to the government without some guarantee that the rule of law will apply to those handling the funds . After all , Ukraine ranked 144th out of 177 countries in the 2013 Transparency International Corruption Perceptions index , with a score that indicated rampant corruption . The failure of last month 's vote leaves Poroshenko with two more chances before a parliamentary election later this month to push through the required legislation -- on October 7 and October 14 . The laws being tabled are a strong set of regulations that organizations including Transparency International Ukraine have helped draft  and indeed have been advocating for years  , including the creation of a dedicated National Anti-Corruption Bureau with investigatory powers to centralize what is now dealt with by an ad hoc group of offices that fail to share information and work together . In addition , the proposals include a time-bound , three-year National Anti-corruption Strategic Plan that sets goals for implementing laws , as well as a law that would make it possible to try those suspected of corruption even if they are not in Ukraine .  The absence of such legislation is thwarting the prosecution and the return of assets allegedly stolen by Yanukovych , who has fled to Russia . So what is stopping lawmakers getting behind these common sense rules ? One sticking point likely scaring politicians is that from the new parliament onward there would be mandatory public registries of lawmakers ' assets , so-called asset declarations , and a public list of any potential conflicts of interests . Asset declarations , particularly if they are monitored by civil society , can help raise a red flag if politicians are living beyond their means : a tried and tested tool in the fight against corruption that is particularly effective if you can compare year-on-year wealth accumulation . It 's perhaps no wonder , then , that a parliament filled with politicians who profited from Yanukovych 's term in office would not be happy with these new laws , and although Poroshenko thought he had amassed the votes to get them passed in September , enough abstained to scupper his plans . But there is still some cause for optimism . With parliamentary elections just three weeks away , many of those former members of Yanukovych 's party  the Party of Regions  who have not fled have allied themselves with other parties to keep their seats , and can be expected to try to distance themselves from the corruption that toppled the government . Poroshenko must therefore clearly tie the future economic success of a pro-Western Ukraine to the electoral fortunes of the candidates . If they vote against the legislation this week , international support may wane , the development loans could be delayed and economic recovery stall . Poroshenko must clearly explain this likely chain of events to the public so politicians are convinced that if they are seen as opposing the fight against corruption , they will not attract voters -- voters who have taken to the streets to voice their displeasure over the issue . The map of Ukrainian politics is about to be redrawn . The question is whether lawmakers will seize this opportunity to pass a strong set of anti-corruption laws that will show parliament is committed to ruling the country for the people , not for themselves . The country 's future depends on it .	Ukraine 's economy in desperate need of help , says Oleksii Khmara Country ranked 144th out of 177 countries in corruption index last year Lawmakers must back anti-corruption legislation to build confidence , Khmara says
CNN  You need look no further than the glut of beautiful , young and immortal vampires and permanently incapacitated zombies overpopulating our culture to see that America has issues when it comes to aging . We want to be forever vital , self-sufficient and powerful , like the vampires of "  Twilight , " and we are fearful of aging into the semi-sentient zombies of "  The Walking Dead . " The good news is , when it comes to thinking about how we age , taking action early significantly increases one 's odds for a better result and aging on our own terms . Caregiving for loved ones the ` new normal ' for boomers So , as you think about the new year and you get together with your family , let 's have "  the talk " -- the adult version of the birds and the bees -- a discussion of how we want to care for our parents and how we ourselves , in the prime of our lives , want to age , and how to accomplish those goals with long-term care planning . Staying silent could mean getting caught off guard . That 's what happened to my family . When my dad was 50 , he won our local golf and tennis championship and was diagnosed with lymphoma , all within a matter of days . Life can change that fast , and failing to plan only makes painful surprises more painful . Later , when my mother fell ill , my brothers and I had the ability to take time from work to care for her and provide help when we were unable . Many families do n't have this kind of flexibility . The time and cost of caring for a loved one can be both rewarding beyond measure and financially and emotionally debilitating . According to the Department of Health and Human Services , 70 % of those who reach 65 years old will need long-term care of some kind . The time to plan is now , and planning begins with family discussions about what many of us will need as we age . Uncovering the secrets of a longer life Long-term care is not end-of-life care . Millions of older adults rely on it for help with day-to-day activities -- everything from getting dressed in the morning to cleaning the house to running the most basic errands . The majority of that care occurs in the home , and who does n't want to say in their home ? This care is in increasingly high demand in large part because of how much longer and fuller older Americans ' lives have become thanks to a half-century of advances in health and medicine . In short , our increased life spans have also increased the likelihood of suffering from certain diseases and conditions that often require long-term care -- from Alzheimer 's or dementia to a heart attack or stroke . The 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's Families need to plan ahead because the cost of long-term care can get extremely expensive -- especially for nursing home care , with median costs of $ 87,000 a year nationally and even higher . Even when friends or family provide "  unpaid " care , they often spend their own money and give up their personal time and even jobs to do so . Many people mistakenly believe that Medicare or the Affordable Care Act cover long-term care . They do n't . Neither do the vast majority of health insurance policies . That 's why it 's so important to have a plan . This year , I partnered with Genworth to launch the "  Let 's Talk " tour to raise awareness about the importance and benefits of long-term care planning . As an alternative to paying out of pocket , long-term care insurance reimburses you for some of the cost of that care . The most important conversation you 'll ever have More important than how we choose to plan ahead is that we chose to do it . Getting the advice we need starts with taking the time to sit down with loved ones and have the necessary talk about how we want to age . Sure , it 's not exactly a traditional conversation for the new year , but having it is an indication of your care and an articulation of your love . In that light , this time of year is the perfect time to have the talk about long-term care . If you 're watching vampires and zombies , like my family will be , go ahead and take advantage of that next commercial break to have "  the talk . "	Seventy percent who reach 65 will need long-term care , but few plan for it , Rob Lowe says Lowe says to talk with your parents about what they would like to do if they need such care Long-term care often is needed because Americans are living longer , Lowe says
CNN  -- Imagine a star so luminous that it would burn the Earth up if it were anywhere near , a star that outshines the sun as much as the sun outshines the moon . A monster even in the abyss of space . The star is not some scientist 's celestial dream . Astronomers used a Very Large Telescope -- the instrument 's official name -- to detect the most massive star discovered to date . In scientific lingo , it 's a "  hypergiant . " Led by Paul Crowther , professor of astrophysics at England 's University of Sheffield , the team of astronomers studied two young clusters of stars , NGC 3603 and RMC 136a . R136a1 , found in the RMC 136a cluster , is 10 million times brighter than the sun and is the heaviest star ever found , Crowther said Wednesday , with a mass that is roughly 265 times more than the sun . It was born even heavier , with a solar mass of 320 . Astronomers previously thought 150 to be the upper limit . Several of the stars studied had surface temperatures of 40,000 degrees , more than seven times hotter than the sun . R136a1 is rare and resides in another galaxy called the Large Magellanic Cloud . Its home is more than 165,000 light years away from Earth 's Milky Way galaxy . As such , said Crowther , it is not visible to the naked eye , nor with a rooftop telescope . "  Owing to the rarity of these monsters , I think it is unlikely that this new record will be broken any time soon , " Crowther said . Crowther 's team used the sophisticated infrared equipment on the Very Large Telescope in a European Southern Observatory facility in Chile as well as data collected from the Hubble Space Telescope to detect the colossal star . The telescope is considered the world 's "  biggest eye on the sky " and is 8 meters  26 feet  in diameter . The research was published in the current issue of the British scientific journal The Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society . "  Unlike people , these kind of stars are massive when they are babies , " Crowther told CNN . "  They lose weight as they get older . " At over a million years old , the star is already middle-aged , Crowther said , and could easily be a poster child for WeightWatchers , having shed a fifth of its initial mass over time because of powerful winds . In another million years -- a brief life span compared to the sun 's 5 billion years of existence -- the giant star will probably explode as a supernova . It wo n't be noticeable on Earth because it 's so far away . Crowther , excited about the new find , had to find simple terminology to describe it to his 6-year-old son Billy . Billy , in turn , wanted dad to name the monster star after him . That might have sounded a whole lot better than R136a1 , but nonetheless , a star is born .	The newly detected star is 10 million times brighter than the sun Its birth weight was 320 times the sun Unlike humans , stars are born heavy and lose weight as they get older A team of astronomers used a sophisticated telescope in Chile
CNNGo  -- Thai Airways International is catching heat for imposing weight restrictions on its 6,000 flight attendants . Those who do n't shape up face the risk of being kept out of the sky . According to a story in the Bangkok Post , flight attendants who do n't meet the airline 's body mass index and waistline controls , imposed last year , have been limited to service on domestic and same-day-return flights . If they do n't comply after a year , they will be transferred to ground services . The 41 flight attendants affected -- 28 of them male -- recently complained to the Labour Protection and Welfare Department that the regulation violated their human rights and decreased their incomes . They were told the regulation is not illegal and falls within the authority of management , which was concerned about customer service . Earlier this year , female Thai Airways flight attendants over the age of 45 were given the option of early retirement through a buyout package instituted as part of the airline 's drive to rejuvenate its image and save costs . CNNGo : World 's hottest airline crews ranked © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Thai Airways International imposed weight restrictions on its 6,000 flight attendants 41 flight attendants did n't meet the airline 's body mass index and waistline controls Those flight attendants will now serve on domestic and same-day-return flights
U.S. authorities are looking for possible links between a grenade found at the scene of a drug cartel shootout in Mexico earlier this month that killed three police officers and an American who allegedly made similar improvised grenades from parts exported from the United States . A source close to the investigation says the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives wants to examine the device recovered to see if it bears signatures of a grenade-manufacturing operation authorities allege was run by Jean Baptiste Kingery . The device was found at an October 10 shootout in Jalisco state , between local cartel members and Mexican police , according to an internal ATF report reviewed by CNN . Kingery was arrested in 2011 and is facing charges in Mexico for allegedly importing grenade hulls and other parts , and making them into improvised explosives sold to drug cartels . ATF agents began investigating him in 2010 and federal prosecutors continue to pursue the case . An attorney in Mexico could n't be located . Mexican authorities have been finding grenade hulls allegedly tied to Kingery for years , sources close to the investigation say . Following complaints from cartel members that grenades detonated too quickly , he allegedly changed their fusing system over the years , U.S. bomb technicians found . He also told investigators that he taught cartel members his techniques to manufacture grenades , according to two sources close to the case . ` Fast and Furious ' entanglement The Kingery case briefly became entangled in the ATF scandal over the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun sting , in which ATF agents from the Phoenix allowed suspected arms smugglers to buy about 2,000 firearms , many of which have turned up in crime scenes in Mexico and the United States . ATF agents hoped to use the sales to prosecute major smugglers , but had no way to track the weapons . The discovery of the grenade in Jalisco earlier this month and the ATF report that called it possibly a "  Kingery " grenade , has led to reports that the case may be a new "  Fast and Furious " - like scandal for the agency . But the cases differ in several respects . In early 2010 , ATF agents working with Mexican counterparts attempted a sting operation to nab Kingery as he allegedly transported grenade parts across the border from the United States to Mexico . Mexican authorities lost track of Kingery and failed to stop the shipment , according to people close to the case . Unlike "  Fast and Furious " where ATF agents did n't alert Mexican authorities to the gun sales they were allowing , the agency worked with Mexican agents throughout in the Kingery case . The matter is under investigation by the Justice Department inspector general , who is expected to issue a report soon . Members of Congress are also tracking the case . The ATF agent who led the Kingery investigation , Pete Forcelli , says ATF 's efforts were complicated by U.S. laws that treat the grenade hulls as novelty items , easily available at military surplus stores and online . It is illegal to export them without license , but there are few restrictions otherwise . Forcelli , who was a whistleblower in the "  Fast and Furious " case , says agents working the Kingery case were frustrated that prosecutors would n't bring charges against him . "  I want to ensure the public that at no time while under ATF surveillance did Jean Baptiste Kingery possess or transport live hand grenades , " Forcelli said in a statement . "  Since the items Kingery possessed are not contraband , we were powerless to seize them inside of the United States . " Mexican authorities arrested Kingery in August 2011 in a subsequent Mexican operation with ATF . Authorities also found his alleged grenade factory where they found parts that could have been used to manufacture about a 1,000 grenades , sources close to the case say . ATF , prosecutors clash Both the "  Fast and Furious " and the Kingery cases were troubled in part because of bitter fighting between ATF and prosecutors in the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Phoenix . Agents said a lead prosecutor in both cases , Emory Hurley , obstructed attempts to bring charges . Hurley remains in the Phoenix office , but was reassigned to the civil section after an inspector general 's probe blamed him for some of the "  Fast and Furious " problems . Hurley did n't return a call seeking comment and a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office declined comment on his behalf . In the Kingery case , Forcelli and other ATF agents arrested him in June 2010 in Arizona and seized 116 grenade hulls and other parts . He told investigators that he operated a mill in Mexico to make grenades and sold them to cartels , according to internal ATF documents first reported by The Wall Street Journal . Hurley declined to bring charges and ATF agents were required to free him , according to sources close to the case . Despite Kingery 's statements to the ATF , Hurley said there was n't enough evidence and that Kingery could easily claim the grenade hulls were novelty items . Such grenade hulls are commonly sold as desktop trinkets labeled "  complaint department , take a number . " Prosecutors in Phoenix told Justice Department officials who investigated the matter a different version of events , according to sources familiar with their account . They said they wanted investigators to watch Kingery more and charge him later . They also said ATF agents wanted to make Kingery an informant . ATF agents disputed that account and told Congressional investigators from the offices of Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , and California Rep. Darrell Issa , Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , who investigated "  Fast and Furious . " Agents investigating Kingery provided whistleblower testimony to Congress about "  Fast and Furious . " Still some mystery A source close to the Kingery case says if the latest grenade found in Jalisco is deemed similar to those made by Kingery , it still leaves some mystery of their source . That 's because cartel members apparently taught by Kingery may have manufactured it after his arrest . "  He was running a grenade-making school and workshop , " one source close to the case says . Mexican authorities and ATF technicians noticed a new fusing system in grenades allegedly tied to Kingery after they began turning up in late 2010 and early 2011 , two sources close to the case say . The new fuses provided a three-to-four second delay so cartel members could throw the devices and have time to get away unharmed . The devices have been deadly to the Mexican military and police fighting the cartels , and to rival gangs . Ginger Colbrun , an ATF spokeswoman , said in a statement that "  we have not determined the origin of the devices " used in the Jalisco state shooting . "  The description that was used in a document leaked to the press was a term used by law enforcement who recovered and reported the devices . There is no evidence at this time or any indication the device originated from the Jean Baptiste Kingery investigation . Authorities will have to process the devices at the laboratory to determine if there is any forensic connection , " Colbrun said .	ATF is looking at ties between American and hand grenades used in shootout in Mexico Agents say explosives bear signature of operation run by Jean Baptiste Kingrey Kingrey is on trial in Mexico for allegedly importing grenade parts , selling devices to cartels
Tribune Media Services  -- The Gomez family may be one of the few in the country who wo n't be too disappointed if it rains over the Fourth of July weekend . Joining family or friends at a vacation rental home is a great way to spend time together and save money . "  We just play indoor games in the cabins , " says Michele Abril . For the last 20 years , she explains , her extended family -- 30 strong and including four generations -- has gathered at rustic cabins on Lake Sebago in New York for some old-fashioned fun . They crowd into four cabins  showers are a walk away  , tote everything they need  even toilet paper  and divide all the chores . And they would n't have it any other way . Maybe it 's the economy . Maybe it 's the need to reconnect with friends and family . At beach houses and on sailboats , city condos and mountain cabins , families and friends are joining forces on vacation . According to a new survey from TripAdvisor of people with children , nearly a third report they will vacation with another family this year to save money -- a significant jump from 2008 . "  We get calls daily from family and friends who want to get together in our cabins , " says Stephanie Seacord from Point Lookout Resort in Maine where cabins that sleep nine or more start at $ 195 . Cabins can be rented for even less in Colorado at the YMCA of the Rockies where my family has also shared quarters -- and cooking chores -- with relatives at a family reunion . More visitors to Hawaii are opting to split condos rather than get individual hotel rooms , adds Lisa Cripe of Aston Hotels & Resorts , which has hotels , condo resorts and villas all across Hawaii . Even Disney is getting into the act , with new Disney Deluxe Villa Resorts Vacation Club options that you can turn into your home away from home . In Florida , Kidani Village at Animal Kingdom Lodge and Treehouse Villas at Saratoga Springs Resort are brand-new with a third villa resort slated to open later this summer . Another resort is expected to open at Disneyland in California in the fall . You do the math . Whether you are at rustic cabins or a luxurious beachfront rental house , you 'll spend less when splitting costs with another family . Especially this year with rental owners -- 66 percent -- offering special deals to encourage business , according to a survey from www.homeaway.com , the leading online vacation rental Web site . They 're throwing in everything from a free night to free cleaning service , discounts , even tickets to a local attraction or food . No wonder families are joining forces on everything from city apartment rentals  lots cheaper than a hotel !  to road trips to tours of Alaska . Elaine Masters and her son joined forced with another family and , says Elaine , "  stayed in several suites where we could cook our meals , had cereal breakfasts and packed picnic lunches when we could . " And they spent less than they would have on a cruise . "  We saw everything we wanted  except Denali stayed hidden behind clouds  . " When the kids were small , we met up every summer in Minnesota at Ludlow 's Island Resort where we ate the fish we caught for dinner and the kids would chase frogs and ride in the special car that goes in the water . We 've shared Cape Cod and Caribbean houses , and every winter , Colorado ski condos with friends and family . Our next trip may be our farthest afield shared trip -- a sailboat in Tahiti with another family and two of my daughter Mel 's oldest camp friends -- the girls ' high school graduation present . But these trips are about much more than saving money . "  I love that our group can get together once a year or every other year and feel like we have n't missed a beat , " says Carin Kromm , a geologist from Kernersville , North Carolina . Kromm gathers with her college friends and their children at a vacation home owned by one of the group . Single mom Kelly Ladyga adds that it was much more relaxing to join forces with another single mom than to take her young daughter solo . Besides sharing the cost of rent at a beach house in North Carolina , groceries and rental car , she was able to get a much-needed break -- far more relaxing than the solo trip she took to Hawaii . "  Plus it was nice to sit with someone on the deck at night , drink wine and laugh about the day 's adventures . " "  It helps with your sanity for sure , kids seem to play better when they have other kids to play with -- the more children , the busier they keep each other , " says Michelle Revuelta , the Miami mom of two young daughters who has rented condos in Orlando and elsewhere with other families . "  You truly feel you are on vacation , " she says . And that is n't easy to accomplish with young kids in tow . There are some rules to be sure . Never discipline anyone else 's child , for one . That 's a parent 's prerogative . Sophia Bilinsky , who rents vacation homes as a business  www.seaestahomes.com  and who hosts her college group of seven families , says the hardest part is choosing the date . Make sure there are enough bedrooms , bathrooms and a common space where the kids can hang out in addition to the adults . "  A swimming pool is mandatory , " she adds . "  Just remember that where you are is n't as important as the place you rent . " Rates for some three-bedroom vacation homes start at just $ 99 per night , but sleep up to eight travelers , not just one or two , notes Alex Risser , president of the Vacation Rental Managers Association . Be clear how you are dividing the costs . In her case , each family takes a day of the week and gets groceries , cooks dinner and cleans up . Other families simply split costs . Some divide the rent based on the number of bedrooms they are using or split the cost straight down the middle . However you do it , suggests Carin Kromm , keep it simple . "  There is no need to schedule a lot of activities for the children . " The beauty of a vacation like this is allowing the kids to entertain themselves . A pool or the beach may be all they need . And once the kids are in bed , says Blinsky , the grown-ups can enjoy some "  adult " time . They 're not stuck staring at the wall in a hotel room watching the children sleep . There 's no corralling kids in restaurants , no getting dressed to feed the hungry preschoolers in an  overpriced  hotel dining room , no worrying about a tired toddler melting down in a hotel lobby . There 's no worrying about the rain either . "  With a 30-person family , we make up our own entertainment , " says Michelle Abril . That 's the best kind . For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . Copyright 2009 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	At Point Lookout Resort in Maine cabins that sleep nine or more start at $ 195 Rates for some three-bedroom vacation homes start at just $ 99 per night Make sure there are enough bedrooms and bathrooms for the entire group
CNN  -- These eggplant halves look wonderful and are as delicious cold as they are hot , a perfect side dish or vegetarian main course that can be made in advance . Ingredients : 4 medium-sized eggplants 6 ripe plum tomatoes , skinned , seeded and chopped Handful of fresh flat-leaf parsley , chopped Fine sea salt 2 cloves of garlic , finely chopped Handful of black olives , pitted and halved Several good splashes of olive oil Directions : Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit . Slice the eggplants in half lengthways . Using a sharp knife , make diagonal incisions from left to right into the flesh of each eggplant half . You need to cut almost down to the skin , but make sure not to puncture it . Then make diagonal incisions from right to left to create a lattice effect . In a bowl , mix together the tomatoes , parsley , two or three good pinches of salt , garlic , basil and olives . Then add a splash of olive oil and mix thoroughly . Spoon the tomato and herb mixture over the eggplants , trying to push some of the sauce into the incisions in the flesh as you do so . Lay the eggplant halves in a shallow baking dish and pour olive oil around them to the depth of around 1 cm  about 0.4 inches  . Place the dish in the oven for around 45 minutes , until the eggplant flesh is soft through . Remove the dish from the oven , sprinkle fresh basil over the eggplants , and allow them to rest for about 15 minutes before serving . Read more about Campodimele : Delights of Italy 's ` Village of Eternity '	This dish is often served in Campodimele , Italy Author Tracey Lawson believes the village 's nutritious diet is key to the residents ' longevity The locals prize "  genuine food , " grown without the use of chemicals and simply prepared
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Former Sen. John Edwards dropped out of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination Wednesday , leaving his voters up for grabs . Former Sen. John Edwards ended his presidential bid Wednesday . The race for the Democratic nomination is now down to Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York and Illinois Sen. Barack Obama . "  I think both candidates will benefit in the short term , but long-term , the candidate who talks about the plight of the poor , that champions the middle class , that talks about trade and health care ... will benefit from the support of John Edwards and , of course , the people who back him , " CNN political analyst Donna Brazile said . Senior Edwards aides said Edwards called Clinton and Obama to tell them he was considering dropping out of the race and asked them to make poverty a central issue of the general election and a future Democratic administration , something both agreed to do . Edwards , who had collected 26 delegates , did not plan to endorse Clinton or Obama yet , but he may do so in the future , an aide said . Watch Edwards explain his decision " An endorsement from Edwards would have a significant impact on the race , Democratic strategist Peter Fenn said . Check out the analysis by CNN 's political team " "  You could make an argument that the change issue does benefit Barack Obama , that he picks up that support . You could also make the argument that there 's a lot of support out there amongst people that will go to Hillary , " he said . "  The big issue here is who will he endorse . " Some political pundits predict Edwards ' supporters are more likely to lean in Obama 's direction . Watch analyst Mark Halperin explain endorsement possibilities " "  The conventional wisdom is that Barack Obama will pick up maybe 60 percent of them , and in some places , that makes a huge difference , " former presidential adviser David Gergen said . Time magazine journalist Joe Klein said , "  I do n't think he endorses Hillary Clinton . The question is whether or not he endorses Barack Obama . " Klein contends Clinton "  represents a lot of the things that -LSB- Edwards -RSB- campaigned against , you know , the old Washington Democratic establishment that he believes got too close to the corporations in the '90s . " Edwards had campaigned on the message that he was standing up for the little guy , the people who are not traditionally given a voice in Washington , and that he would do more to fight special interests . Edwards announced he was dropping out Wednesday afternoon in New Orleans , the same city where he declared his run for the 2008 Democratic presidential race . "  It is time for me to step aside so that history can blaze its path , " he said . With his wife , Elizabeth , and children at his side , Edwards said he could n't predict "  who will take the final steps to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. , " but he said it would be a Democrat . "  We must do better if we want to live up to the promise of this country we love so much , " he said . Earlier , an Edwards aide said the candidate was not getting the media attention he needed to get his message out and win delegates , especially with races coming up in 22 states Tuesday . Campaign money was not an issue , the aide said . Watch Edwards announce his decision " Edwards trailed Clinton and Obama in the early contests , including a third-place finish in Tuesday 's Florida primary with 14 percent of the votes . He also came in third in key races in New Hampshire and South Carolina . Reacting earlier to Edwards ' plans , Obama praised his former rival . "  At a time when our politics is too focused on who 's up and who 's down , he made a nation focus again on who matters -- the New Orleans child without a home , the West Virginia miner without a job , the families who live in that other America that is not seen or heard or talked about by our leaders in Washington , " Obama said Wednesday . Clinton called Edwards a champion of the American people . "  John Edwards ended his campaign today in the same way he started it -- by standing with the people who are too often left behind and nearly always left out of our national debate , " Clinton said in a statement . Commenting on his trip to New Orleans , Edwards said Tuesday the city symbolized why he chose to run for president . "  It 's a living , breathing example of the heart of my message , what I 'm talking about , " Edwards said . "  I mean it 's the failure of government to be there when people need it . It 's a perfect indication of the conditions of poverty that exist in America . " Klein said Edwards played a positive role in spurring his competitors during the early part of the campaign . "  On a lot of substantive issues like health insurance , he was the first one out of the box with a very ambitious universal plan , and I think he forced the others to become bolder in a lot of their policy prescriptions , energy dependence and so on , " Klein said . The remaining Democratic contenders face off in a debate at 8 p.m. ET Thursday on CNN . One Edwards aide said he is not dropping out of the race because of his wife 's health . Elizabeth Edwards announced last year that her breast cancer had returned . She was first diagnosed with breast cancer during her husband 's 2004 vice presidential campaign as John Kerry 's running mate . John Edwards is a South Carolina native with an undergraduate degree from North Carolina State University and law degree from the University of North Carolina . Before entering politics , winning a Senate seat from North Carolina in 1998 , Edwards was a lawyer representing families "  being victimized by powerful interests " and gaining "  a national reputation as a forceful and tireless champion for regular , hard-working people , " according to his campaign Web site . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , John King and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Edwards has trailed Clinton , Obama in early primaries Edwards wo n't give immediate endorsement to Clinton or Obama , sources say
Boston  CNN  -- The nurse who tended to Boston Marathon bombing victim Krystle Campbell near the finish line during her final moments of life would like to meet her parents in the hopes he could give them some solace in their grief . Stephen Segatore would like to tell Campbell 's parents that she did n't die alone , and she did n't suffer for long . When EMTs carried a woman into the medical tent where Segatore was volunteering , he was struck by her beauty , her youth and her bright blue eye shadow . The freckles on her face and the shape of her eyes reminded him of his oldest daughter , who is not much younger than the woman who lay on the stretcher before him with multiple wounds , not breathing and unconscious . Even though he knew she probably would n't understand a word he said , Segatore told the woman he was a nurse and would take good care of her . For the next 10 minutes , Segatore , who works in the intensive care unit at Tufts Medical Center in Boston , an EMT and a physician gave her CPR . But a cardiac monitor showed her heart was n't pumping blood . Mistaken identity adds to family 's grief over Boston victim "  The physician called  her death  , " Segatore said . "  The three of us who were working on her let out an expletive , a scream . " The next day he saw a picture of Campbell and realized she was the woman he had tried to save . He knew immediately from the bright blue eye shadow in the photo . It was his only death Monday afternoon , and it has haunted him . Now Segatore would like to speak with the Campbells to tell them about their daughter 's final moments . "  I want them to know she was not alone when she died , " he said . "  We did everything we could to save her , but her wounds were too great . " While he was giving Campbell CPR , he noticed black marks on her face , which he thinks might have been gunpowder , indicating she was very close to the blast . "  I do n't think she lingered . I do n't think she suffered , " he said . "  If it were my daughter , I would want to know that . " Boston Marathon bombing victims : Promising lives lost How to comfort grieving parents CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this report .	Nurse Stephen Segatore gave bombing victim CPR , but "  wounds were too great " Later Segatore realized the woman was Krystle Campbell , one of 3 fatalities He would like to speak with Campbell 's parents about her last moments
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- I am and always will be completely against any food that has been altered genetically for human consumption . And never , in the 30-plus years I have been a restaurant chef , has one customer requested a genetically modified organism for dinner . This is why I was alarmed to learn early this month that the Food and Drug Administration announced with "  reasonable certainty " that a new genetically modified Atlantic salmon awaiting approval posed "  no harm " to humans who might soon have the opportunity to buy it and eat it as though it were a fish from nature . The announcement brings this "  Frankenfish " one step closer to your table . But make no mistake . The creation of this fish is just another tactic for big industry to make bigger , faster profits with no consideration for the impact it will have on our personal health and the health of our environment and ecosystem . The fish , an Atlantic salmon , contains growth hormone from a Pacific species , the Chinook salmon , as well as genetic material from another species , the ocean pout , that causes the "  transgenic " salmon to grow at twice the normal speed . The claim made by its developer , AquaBounty Technologies , is that this altered fish is as safe to consume as farmed Atlantic salmon . This argument does n't convince much , since farmed salmon are n't really that safe to eat . They have been found to have higher concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls than wild salmon , which gets into their bodies from the concentrated fish meal used to create their feed . AquaBounty also plans to sell the eggs of its fish to fish farms . As we have learned over time , farmed Atlantic salmon is horrible for the environment . The fish are grown in overcrowded , open-net pens in the ocean , placing an unnatural stress on the surrounding ocean environment as well as on the fish themselves . In those conditions it becomes necessary to use antibiotics on an already unstable fish in order to control bacterial infections and other diseases -- and to protect the investment of carnivorous fish farming . The byproducts of all this -- a wonderful stew of feces , unconsumed fish food and dead fish called , sweetly , "  effluent " -- create a suffocating blanket that spreads across the ocean floor , resulting in a massive dead zone surrounding the farming area . It kills clams , oysters , eel grasses -- where young fish feed and grow -- and more . If the point of genetically engineering fish is to produce more salmon faster , introducing these fish into the fish farm scenario will only magnify an already big problem . And it will create a larger demand for smaller species of wild fish to be used for fish feed necessary to support these constantly feeding frankenfish . Wild species do n't stand a chance . It has also been proven that escapes from fish farms into the natural population are inevitable . These transgenic fish have a voracious appetite that has no regard for season or feeding cycle . What could happen ? Well , estimates of farmed salmon escapes in British Columbia from 1991 to 2001 total at least 400,000 fish . The wild salmon population is already severely endangered . If escaped , the farmed -- and now free-swimming aggressive gluttons -- will compete for the food that is essential for wild stocks to survive , further threatening this already endangered species  nearly all Atlantic salmon sold now comes from fish farms  . What process has the FDA used to determine whether the genetically modified fish is safe for human health and the environment ? We did not know during most of the agency 's evaluation process . FDA regulations allow genetically modified animals to be evaluated under the same rules as veterinary pharmaceuticals . So the information given to the agency by the applicant is confidential ; in the case of this fish , the information was not posted on the FDA website until the announcement on safety was made in early September . The FDA will hold a public meeting on February 21 to discuss how the fish should be labeled . I do n't trust this fish . It is an overweight fish being introduced to an already obese society . Protecting a greedy company 's "  confidential information " should not be acceptable when you are introducing the first genetically modified animal for human consumption into the marketplace . And I 'm terrified to consider that rules are being considered that would allow this fish to be created and then distributed without any kind of mandatory label stating that it is a genetically modified product . In restaurants , chefs are in a position to assure their guests that the food being served to them is not only delicious but also wholesome and safe to consume . How do we do this when there is no required labeling indicating that a fish has been manufactured by science and not a product of nature ? If these genetically engineered salmon are approved , it will set a worldwide precedent . It will open the door to other kinds of genetically modified animal foods that may pose health or environmental dangers , and the true extent of these might not reveal themselves for years to come . At the very least , given the amount of data that we have seen to date , the creation of these frankenfish for mass consumption should not be approved . It 's simply against nature and is a huge step back in the worldwide movement to eat local , organic and sustainably . Bon appétit -- enjoy your dinner . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Moonen .	Chef Rick Moonen opposes genetically modified organisms for public table FDA set to OK modified salmon that its developer says is as safe as farmed salmon , he says But farming already a health , pollution problem , he says ; fast-growing fish compounds it Moonen : Approval with no required labels would set back sustainability movement
CNN  -- So finally , Madonna 's honeymoon with Malawi has ended with a spat . Malawi 's minister of education accused Madonna of "  bullying officials " and exaggerating the extent of her charity in the country . Trouble started when the government withdrew her VIP status and she therefore had to wait in line like everyone else to go through immigration . President Joyce Banda said that Madonna felt her charitable work meant that Malawi should "  be forever chained to the obligation of gratitude . " For her part , Madonna described the reports as inaccurate , and and pledged to continue helping educate young girls in the nation . For some years now , Madonna had literally and figuratively adopted that country , and two of its children . She also made a documentary . But it was clear that her relationship with Malawi , like many other patron-client relations , would lead to quarrels and recriminations . Many of the current Western missions of charity in Africa carry an underlying tendency towards self-righteousness on the part of donors and with it , a sense of entitlement . Some of those who give charity expect the recipients to treat them with deference and to attend to their every whim . Yet Madonna is not alone . There is a growing movement in the West by celebrities to champion causes in poor countries . Lately , Angelina Jolie has become the champion of the people of eastern Congo . She joined George Clooney , who has been leading the cause of the new state of South Sudan . Read also : ' A people under siege ' in South Sudan Oprah Winfrey is educating teenage girls in South Africa . And most prominent of them all is Irish rock star Bono , of U2 fame . He is the leading spokesman for the entire continent on matters of poverty and aid . Even Western governments listen to him when discussing their economic policies towards Africa -- preferring his counsel to that of the continent 's democratically elected leaders . All too often , these campaigns are not about the welfare of the people they claim to be helping but act as a platform for celebrities to promote their brand to their audiences at home by exhibiting their humanity . So some come to save orphans , others to defend human rights , feed the hungry , treat the sick , educate our children , protect the environment , end civil wars , negotiate aid and promote family planning , lest we overproduce ourselves . It is almost as if Africans can not do anything by themselves and need a combination of Mother Teresa and Santa Claus to survive . Of course , these initiatives have on occasion contributed something positive to the wellbeing of those affected by such generosity . They have also shed light on the problems that sometimes get ignored and thus brought international attention to them . Yet for the most part , the long-term consequences of these celebrity campaigns far outweigh whatever short-term benefits they bring . For example , the Africans subject to this generosity are not active participants in the campaigns meant for their own good . Instead , they are depicted and presented as passive recipients of international charity . The tendency to treat Africans as children to be helped is a relic of our colonial past . For then , white superintendents treated every African , whatever their age , as a child . This patronizing attitude sometimes gets accepted by its victims and is central to the stifling of self-initiative and to creating a dependency mentality among Africans . For celebrities to "  save " Africa they need a specific presentation of the continent and its people . So they use images of starving children , sick mothers , hungry villages , rampaging warlords , and corrupt politicians . While these images depict a part of Africa 's reality , they do not tell the whole story about the continent . They crowd out the other part of Africa 's reality -- of innovative youth , enterprising individuals , creative organizations and reformist governments . The consequence of this one-sided presentation has been to perpetuate the narrative of Africa as a place of hopelessness , poverty , misery and adversity -- often obscuring the opportunities that abound on the continent . Read this : Is Africa much richer than we think ? Thus , as a result of these campaigns , our continent tends to attract the most compassionate people of the West who come to give charity . However , its negative side effect is to scare away the most enterprising people of the West who would bring capital to invest and make money . Even when they do try to do something in Africa , like Bill Gates has done through his foundation , they come as merchants of charity , not enterprise . Thus , although it has achieved short-term humanitarian objectives , in the long term , celebrity activism has killed the goose of private enterprise that is supposed to lay the golden age of prosperity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew M Mwenda .	Madonna and Malawi 's government have had a public spat Many Western celebrity charity missions in Africa tend towards self-righteousness , says Andrew Mwenda These initiatives can be positive , but they present Africans as passive recipients of charity . he argues Mwenda : In the long term , "  celebrity activism kills private enterprise "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO 's goal of ending combat operations in Afghanistan and leaving security in local hands by the end of 2014 is realistic , British Prime Minister David Cameron said Tuesday on his second visit to the nation in 2010 . "  It 's challenging , but it is achievable , " Cameron said . "  What I see is actually some grounds for cautious optimism . " Cameron cited the continued training of the Afghan National Army and the nation 's police force , noting 500 police officers are coming out of a British-run police academy every eight weeks . "  There are more markets open , more children going to school , local governors providing legitimate governance with the local population rejecting the brutal shadow  of the  Taliban regime , " Cameron said during a joint news conference with Afghan President Hamid Karzai . In the same conference , Cameron addressed the international WikiLeaks situation . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has been under intense pressure from the United States and its allies since it began posting the first of more than 250,000 U.S. State Department documents on November 28 . "  I do n't want the WikiLeaks to come between our strong relationship . Some of what was referred to was the fact that there was not enough troops in Helmand province in the past , and that is certainly true , " Cameron said . "  It 's clear that we did not have enough troops in Helmand to actually deliver the security that was necessary . " But Cameron added , "  I think you can now see on the ground with 20,000 U.S. Marines , with some 10,000 U.K. forces , you really can see a density of forces that are able to deliver security to the vast majority of the people . " Karzai , who said WikiLeaks documents have "  some truth and some not so truth in them , " replied in a less serious tone . "  On a lighter side , you should wait for the WikiLeaks from Britain so our conversation with Britain 's leaked on America , " the Afghan president said , drawing laughter from the British prime minister . "  We 're very nice about that , just to be clear , " Cameron said . "  Most of the time , " Karzai quipped . NATO has some 150,000 troops in Afghanistan , pressing the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda . About 9,500 of the forces are British , according to the country 's Ministry of Defence . During the joint press conference , Karzai expressed his gratitude to Britain . "  Britain has been as steadfast supporter of Afghanistan and of the Afghan people , " Karzai said . "  Britain has contributed in the sacrifice of its soldiers , of blood and of resources in Afghanistan for which the Afghan people are extremely grateful . You have been operating as a British army and trainers and civilians in a very difficult part of the country . We fully understand and appreciate the hard work that you are doing . " Gen. David Petraeus , the top commander in Afghanistan , has stepped up attacks on militants since taking over the command in June and is seeing progress as a result . In an October interview with CNN , he said he expects to be able to recommend to U.S. President Barack Obama that the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan could start being reduced beginning in July 2011 . But Petraeus declined to say how many troops might be headed home . Cameron said he shares a similar optimism , adding he believes some British troops could start heading home before Christmas 2011 . "  I think that it 's possible , " he said . "  We have to deliver on the ground what 's necessary . " Cameron said British forces are ahead of schedule in training the Afghan army . "  We have a very clear timetable for transition in Afghanistan . It 's going to take place between now and 2014 , " the prime minister said . "  All of NATO has signed up to that . The Afghan government has signed up to that . " CNN 's Umaro Djau and John Dear contributed to this report .	NEW : Cameron says a WikiLeaks reference to a lack of troops in the past is trueAfghan president Hamid Karzai expresses his gratitude for Britain 's support British troops could start heading home by the end of 2011 NATO 's goal is to turn over security operations in Afghanistan before 2015
CNN  -- Democrats will soon return to the airwaves in Kentucky to back Alison Lundergan Grimes , according to a source at the Democratic Senatorial Congressional Committee . The decision comes as Democrats insist polls show their candidate , Lundergan Grimes , can still win in her race against Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell . As of last week , the DSCC had not purchased airtime for Lundergan Grimes at all through the end of the campaign . That news got out the morning after she was roundly criticized for awkwardly refusing to answer questions about whether she voted for President Barack Obama . But polling suggests Lundergan Grimes is still competitive . A Courier-Journal/Survey USA poll of voters from Oct. 15-19 found McConnell up by just one point . The DSCC source said their polling suggests undecided voters are moving toward Grimes , though there 's little public data to back that up . Even last week when they conceded they had no plans to air TV ads for Grimes , national Democrats still promised to spend money on the ground to get out the vote . The reality is that the back and forth about money for TV ads is more symbolic of how national Democrats view Lundergan Grimes ' chances -- and perhaps differences with locals over how to run the campaign -- than it is practical Kentucky is flush with cash from both the campaigns and outside groups and sources in both parties concede at this point neither candidate will win or lose for lack of money . Politico first reported the DSCC 's decision to return to Kentucky .	The DSCC will return to the airwaves to support Alison Lundergan Grimes The DSCC went dark in Kentucky last week Polls show Grimes can still beat GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell
CNN  -- Joe Ledley scored the only goal of the game as Celtic beat Rangers 1-0 in the Old Firm derby clash Wednesday night . The Welsh international netted with a 52nd minute header as his team took over from their arch Glasgow rivals at the top of the Scottish Premier League . Reigning champions Rangers might have scored with a header of their own by Lee Wallace in the first half but it was ruled not to have crossed the line . On such tight decisions these often frantic affairs are decided and victory for Neil Lennon 's men saw them revenge defeat in the first Old Firm match of the season at Ibrox . It has also seen them overturn a 15-point deficit at the start of November to lead Rangers by two points going into 2012 after their ninth straight SPL victory . Blog : Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 Conditions at Celtic Park were hardly conducive to football , with strong gusting winds making control difficult , but both teams played their part in an entertaining game . Wallace saw his seventh minute header from a Sone Aluko header clawed away via the post by Fraser Forster , but it was the home team who had the better of the chances and Rangers keeper Allan McGregor was kept busy . Celtic made the breakthrough early in the second half as Ledley rose to head Charlie Mulgrew 's corner into the net . Bombs , songs and soccer , Glasgow confronts a religious divide Scott Brown and Mulgrew came close to adding a second while Nikica Jelavic wasted a volleyed opportunity in a rare glimpse of goal for Rangers . Elsewhere , St Johnstone beat Kilmarnock 2-0 , St Mirren and Dundee United drew 2-2 , Aberdeen and Hearts ended goalless while Pat Fenlon picked up his first point as Hibernian manager in a 1-1 draw with Inverness .	Celtic beat Rangers 1-0 in Old Firm clash at Parkhead Second half header from Joe Ledley secures victory Celtic leapfrog Rangers at top of Scottish Premier League Hibernian gain first point under Pat Fenlon
CNN  -- One of John Athanson 's earliest memories is seeing mermaids at Weeki Wachee Springs , the "  City of Live Mermaids . " Today , the 47-year-old is the public relations manager for Weeki Wachee Springs State Park , and has been for 10 years . The park north of Tampa , Florida , hosts shows year-round involving women dressed as mermaids . It bills itself as "  a magical entrance into a mysterious blue underwater world of mermaids , manatees , turtles and bubbles . " "  If you ask me ,  mermaids  do exist , " Athanson said Thursday . "  They exist , and they exist right here in Weeki Wachee . " Photos : Anniversary of the bikini He was responding to the U.S. government 's fresh announcement to the contrary . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has published an unexpected statement to its website explaining that there is no evidence the legendary "  half-human , half-fish sirens of the sea " have ever lived . "  We had gotten a couple of questions about mermaids recently , " NOAA spokeswoman Keeley Belva told CNN with a laugh . "  The timing may have been because there was a documentary or movie that came out . " The Discovery Channel 's Animal Planet aired "  Mermaids : The Body Found " on May 27 , a two-hour special the show 's website says "  paints a wildly convincing picture of the existence of mermaids , what they may look like and why they 've stayed hidden ... until now . " An editor 's note on the page states that the show is "  science fiction based on some real events and scientific theory . " But the film takes on an air of academic authority . The documentary-style film features a number of people identified as marine experts as well as photographs and videos from fishermen who said they 've seen mermaids . Former NOAA employees share their thoughts on whale beachings and government secrecy . ` The Little Mermaid ' to get a dark remake But the main focus of the film is scientific evidence and theories that support the idea of "  aquatic humanoids , " as the NOAA calls them . Filmmakers animate how early humans might have moved from land to sea and chronicle the appearance of mermaids in art throughout history and among various cultures . The experts , narrator and even music are somber . Some viewers take the movie seriously . "  I honestly think it is selfish of people to think we are the only human creatures on earth , " YouTube user Tjkitty67 wrote in a comment . "  There is stuff out there we ca n't explain . " Other users posted comments questioning government secrecy , debating the scientific veracity of physical similarities between humans and aquatic mammals or -- in most cases -- making fun of viewers who believed the fictitious aspects of the "  mockumentary . " "  Funny how the NOAA has to make a news report that mermaids do n't exist because some misunderstood citizens of America start a debate of their existence just because they watch a documentary , " wrote user WolfenOnTheDSI . But Athanson sees no harm in believing mermaids exist . "  Our mermaids here at Weeki Wachee can get really into it , " he said . "  Whatever you believe becomes true . And if you believe you 're a mermaid , you 're a mermaid . " He said young visitors often ask whether or not the mermaids are real . "  Just like with Santa Claus or any other mythical character , we always say yes , " he said . "  We 're not going to tell them they 're not real . " Mermaid parade : A hidden exotic gem	The NOAA announces that mermaids do not exist A "  mockumenary " by Animal Planet spurred questions as to the existence of mermaids Viewers took to social media to discuss the film Mermaids do exist at Weeki Wachee Springs , says park spokesman
CNN  -- A report from Amnesty International says the wave of popular unrest sweeping North Africa and the Middle East makes this a critical time for the human rights movement -- one that could result in historic gains by freedom-loving , tech-savvy people or distressing setbacks if oppressive regimes clamp down on activists and stay in power . The report , which coincides with the advocacy group 's 50th anniversary , documents what it claims are cases of torture , unwarranted imprisonment , restrictions on freedom of expression and other alleged abuses around the world . France , for example , is among those countries called out for its restrictions on predominantly Muslim women wearing veils . Amnesty also challenges China over its alleged repression of free expression , notes the dire conditions for pregnant women in Afghanistan and points to difficulties wrought by violence in parts of Africa . Yet the so-called "  Arab Spring " is front-and-center in the report , with its authors singling out the popular movements against generally long-entrenched administrations as a time of great promise and danger . Throngs of mostly young people helped to peacefully oust heads of state in Egypt and Tunisia , while governments in countries such as Syria , Yemen , Bahrain and Libya have thus far resisted similar attempts -- killing civilians in the process , according to Amnesty . "  Not since the end of the Cold War have so many oppressive governments faced such a challenge to their stranglehold of power , " Salil Shetty , Amnesty 's leader , said in a press release . "  The demand for political and economic rights spreading across the Middle East and North Africa is dramatic proof that all rights are equally important and a universal demand . " But William Aceves , a California Western School of Law professor , said one factor distinguishing what happened in Egypt and Tunisia -- where mass popular movements helped unseat Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak and Tunisia 's Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali , who had led their countries for 30 and 23 years respectively -- from the institution of new governments in places like Afghanistan is that there is less outside control of what happens next . That could mean such nation 's new governments -- perhaps after democratic elections -- could choose to restrict women 's , immigrants or others ' rights . If so , these popular revolutions could put those groups promoting human rights in a tough spot . "  The question is what happens if you have a democratization process that does n't lead to greater civil liberties , " said Aceves , who has worked with Amnesty International and other human rights groups through the course of his career . "  Popular revolutions  do n't always lead to good things . " Worse yet is what might happen if those pushing for change in places like Yemen , Syria , Bahrain and Iran fail after being beat back by ruling governments , human rights advocates say . Some leaders such as Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi may become more defiant in the face of outside and internal opposition , while others may be emboldened if they survive popular dissent , experts say . The part of Amnesty 's report about the Middle East and North Africa highlighted what it called "  governments ' preoccupation with their political security , but neglect of their people 's human security and failure to uphold the human rights on which it depends . " Already , these popular pushes for new governments have come at a stiff human cost . "  Those calls for democracy have led to violence , " said Aceves , noting the real danger to human lives when people push for major reforms . "  There have been deaths in the thousands . " Another challenge for groups like Amnesty is determining how to promote a pro-rights agenda in places with authoritarian leaders and little in the way of democratic institutions or history . In its report , Amnesty touts technology , specifically social networking tools like Twitter and Facebook , with being a powerful , non-violent tool that did n't exist years ago . This allows people to circumvent censorship and communicate directly with one another , on an even platform . "  Information is a source of power , and for those challenging the abuse of power by states and other institutions , it is an exciting time , " Shetty writes in the Amnesty report . But Aceves said that , at some point , rights ' groups may have to wrestle with the merit of backing military efforts to overthrow totalitarian regimes . That might mean supporting airstrikes in Libya , for instance , that could lead to civilian casualties . The Amnesty report makes a point to stress that its accounts of human rights abuses -- and the need for a movement to prevent them -- are not confined to the Middle East and North Africa . In 2010 alone , the group said it has documented specific cases of "  torture and other ill-treatment " in 98 countries . " Its investigators , moreover , have recorded or investigated human rights abuses in 157 countries and territories . Amnesty alleges , for instance , that "  virtually any form of dissent was suppressed in Turkmenistan , " while law enforcement were said to have attacked "  human rights defenders " in Ukraine . The group alleges discrimination against immigrants in parts of mainland Europe , criticizing efforts to deport people in need . Crackdowns on journalists working to unearth corruption was a problem in many nations , according to Amnesty . Nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked last year in Latin America alone , the report contends . "  There has not been any accountability , " said Javier Zuniga , a special adviser on human rights at Amnesty , on what has happened in parts of Central South America . "  That 's why the situation is so bad so now , because that culture of impunity has been very , very unchanged . " Despite all the documented problems and challenges , Shetty -- Amnesty 's secretary-general -- voices optimism that popular movements will ultimately prevail , with human rights becoming an even more universally recognized and realized value . "  The call for justice , freedom and dignity has evolved into a global demand that grows stronger every day , " he said . "  The genie is out of the bottle , and the forces of repression can not put it back . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Amnesty International alleges human rights abuses in 157 countries and territories The wave of popular unrest in the Middle East and North Africa is seen as critical Amnesty says technology has spurred democratization in authoritarian nations An expert warns that democratic movements may not all promote equal rights
The script for Chelsea 's European Champions League triumph last season was out of the realms of Hollywood , but Juventus refused to roll out the red carpet for the holders as the Serie A title winners came from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea almost had an Oscar winning performance from one of their Brazilian stars , with the former Internacional midfielder scoring twice on his debut to confirm his reputation as one of the game 's most exciting talents . Oscar 's two first-half strikes looked to have given Chelsea the perfect start to their title defense until a twist in the script saw Juventus fight back to claim a deserved draw . It was the perfect ending to a thrilling game between two of Europe 's heavyweight contenders with Oscar the star of the show . While his first goal arrived courtesy of a deflection , his second could only be described as a blockbuster . The 21-year-old received the ball with his back to goal before pirouetting and curling an unstoppable effort into the top corner . But there was still drama to come for Chelsea , who failed to show the kind of defense which allowed them to triumph in Munich last season . Arturo Vidal pulled a goal back for the Italians seven minutes before the break as Juventus began to find a way back into the contest . Fabio Quagliarella then grabbed an equalizer with 10 minutes remaining and nearly won the tie when his curling effort rebounded to safety off the crossbar . The Stamford Bridge draw allowed Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk to lead Group E following their convincing 2-0 win over Danish side Nordsjælland . Henrikh Mkhitaryan scored both goals for Shakhtar , who face Juventus in Turin in their next game . In Group F , Valencia failed to gain revenge over Bayern Munich for their 2001 Champions League final defeat . The Germans , who finished runners-up to Chelsea last season , triumphed 2-1 at the Allianz Arena . Bastian Schweinsteiger and Toni Kroos put the home side into the ascendancy with Nelson Valdez pulling a late goal back for Valencia . Bayern are second in Group F after Belorussian champions BATE Borisov produced a surprise 3-1 win at French side Lille . BATE had failed to win any of their previous 12 games in the Champions League group stages but eased to victory on this occasion . Aleksandr Volodko gave the visitors a sixth minute lead before Vitali Rodionov and Edgar Olekhnovich added further goals to make it 3-0 at the interval . Aurélien Chedjou pulled a goal back for Lille , but it was not enough to deprive BATE of their first Champions League success . Not for the first time Lionel Messi rescued Barcelona from a potential shock defeat against Spartak Moscow in Group G . The Argentine international scored his 52nd and 53rd Champions League goals in the space of nine minutes as Barcelona came from 2-1 down to win 3-2 . Winger Cristian Tello had given the home side a 14th minute lead before Spartak silenced the Catalan faithful . Emmanuel Emenike 's cross was turned into his own net by Dani Alves and then Romulo rounded off a quick counterattack to put Spartak ahead . Barcelona has not suffered a home defeat in the Champions League Group Stage since losing to Russian side Rubin Kazan back in 2009 . Celtic and Benfica shared a goalless draw with neither side managing to find a way past two stubborn defences . It is the first time Benfica has managed to secure a point in Scotland having lost on their previous three visits . Manchester United gained a fortunate 1-0 victory over Galatasaray in Group H thanks to Michael Carrick 's early goal as manager Sir Alex Ferguson recorded his 100th win in the competition . The visitors will feel frustrated though as they created several clear opportunities and hit the woodwork twice . United should have sealed the win in the second half but Nani failed to convert from the penalty spot . In the group 's other game , Romanian champions CFR Cluj claimed a shock 2-0 win over Braga in Portugal , with Rafael Bastos returning to haunt his former club by scoring both goals .	Defending champions Chelsea held at home Barcelona come from behind to defeat Spartak Moscow 3-2 BATE Borisov and CFR Cluj both claim surprise victories Manchester United survive scare to beat Galatasaray
As millions of Taiwanese headed for the polling stations across the nation last weekend , there was a general sense that change was at hand . As the results of the vote started trickling in during the evening , it soon became clear that the political scene in Taiwan was about to become a much different place . It was a rout . When it was all over and done , the ruling Kuomintang  KMT  had merely won six of the 22 constituencies in the mayoral and commissioner elections , while the opposition Democratic Progressive Party  DPP  won 13 , and did so with sizable leads . Moreover , the KMT had lost control of Taipei , the capital city it had run for 16 consecutive years , to an independent with no political experience , and also saw safe cities in the northern half of the island , such as Hsinchu and Taoyuan , slip through its fingers . In all , it lost nine of the 15 cities and counties it used to control . Overall , the DPP garnered 5.83 million votes , or 47.6 % , against the KMT 's 4.99 million  40.7 %  . However , if we factor the votes that went to independent candidates who are ideologically close to the DPP , the "  green camp " accounted for a solid 6.88 million votes . Discontent with the KMT alone does n't sufficiently explain the DPP 's performance ; the latter , including leader Tsai Ing-wen , worked tirelessly in the lead-up to the elections , and for the most part fielded candidates of quality . In the wake of catastrophe , Premier Jiang Yi-huah and KMT Secretary-General Tseng Yung-chyuan , as well as 80 members of the Cabinet , have resigned , and it is now rumored that President Ma Ying-jeou , who doubles as KMT chairman , could step down from the latter position on Wednesday . Lazy campaigns ? There are sundry reasons for the defeat . In many constituencies , including Taipei , the KMT ran lazy campaigns and spent more time attacking its opponents than trying to convince voters of the virtues of its own candidates . More importantly , Ma and his party have become highly unpopular . After six years of rapprochement with Beijing , and the signing of as many as 20 cross-strait agreements , the promised "  revival " of Taiwan 's stagnating economy never materialized . Furthermore , the benefits of increasing trade with China tended to fall in the lap of magnates who were close to the administration , while for the majority of Taiwanese -- especially youth -- the prospects for their future seemed grim . Many voters appear to have blamed the KMT 's inability to deliver domestically on the administration 's single-minded focus on China . Undeniably , relations between the two sides have improved since 2008 , when Ma stepped into office , but many have become increasingly aware of the inherent political risks of doing so . Taiwanese of all stripes know that Beijing continues to regard Taiwan as a "  renegade province , " but many were nevertheless willing to liberalize ties with it , though many faulted Ma for not paying enough attention to safeguarding the island 's sovereignty and democracy in the process . More and more , local problems were seen to be tied to the external China factor . From the media to major infrastructure projects , "  black box " trade agreements to pro-Beijing gangsters menacing the population , China 's hand suddenly became a major issue . A red line had been crossed , and civic organizations fearing the administration had gone too far , took action . In March , scores of protesters stormed a key government building to urge the government to scrap a controversial trade deal with China in what was dubbed the Sunflower Movement . The Ma administration reacted to all this with repression , then indifference , and consequently paid a high price on November 29 . One of the Sunflowers ' greatest achievements was to raise awareness about the perceived failures of government and the "  black hand " of China . Sunflower generation Candidates like Ko Wen-je in Taipei had great appeal with the Sunflower generation . The fact that the DPP chose not to field a candidate to run against him was a masterful move on chairperson Tsai 's part : It signaled the party 's willingness to cooperate with this "  third force . " Several young candidates , some of them from smaller parties or running as independents , were also elected and will be part of that coalition . This green coalition will undoubtedly be more attuned to civil society , and their control of a majority of the municipalities across Taiwan will make it more difficult for the central government to implement policies that are unpopular with the public -- something it has done repeatedly since the beginning of Ma 's second , and last , term in 2012 . In an early sign that things may be already changing , mayor-elect Ko has already said he would fire the police chief in Xinyi District if pro-Beijing activists continued to physically assault practitioners ofFalun Gong -- a spiritual movement banned in China -- and pro-Taiwan independence activists outside the Taipei 101 skyscraper . Facing much greater resistance from "  below , " and confronted to an emboldened pan-green coalition , Ma 's ability to press ahead with further unpopular agreements with China likely has been severely compromised . With a little more than a year left in office , he may have reached the limit of what he can give to Beijing , even more so if he steps down as party chairman . There is no doubt that civil society , and the many that it inspired , punished the KMT in the elections . Unless the KMT wants to go through a similar embarrassment in the 2016 presidential election , whoever is in charge will have to ensure that the party better reflects public wishes . And that means being more careful with China .	Taiwan 's ruling party routed in local elections in "  black Saturday . " They lost control of Taipei for first time in 16 years Lazy campaigns and the "  China factor " caused their defeat , says Cole "  Sunflower generation " wary of closer ties with China
CNN  -- America has not resolved how to deal with Iran 's nuclear program . As foreign policy issues soar in the next presidential race , it is time to search for substantive answers . U.S. policies to contain Iran 's nuclear program suffer from wishful thinking . Tightened sanctions and an open war option against Iran have failed to alter its behavior . They fail to grasp how fierce Iran is . Iran 's revolutionaries see sanctions as a blessing in disguise . Oddly , sanctions build a degree of political unity in Iran . Its political factions agree on retaining nuclear enrichment capacity despite other highly divisive political disagreements . Under sanctions , Iran is more self-dependent . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said that Iran is increasing enriching uranium to 20 percent grade levels . If true , and the fuel is produced in abundance , it has potential military dimensions . Sanctions have made Iran more enterprising too . The Revolutionary Guards Corps  IRGC  has deployed quite a few tactics to circumvent sanctions . Sanctions validate Iran 's embattled mindset . Iranian supreme leader Ali Khamenei says he will not shun war if it is the price to pay to reject the U.S. . The average beleaguered Iranian is content enough knowing life goes on in war times . After all , Iran lived through one of the longest wars in the 20th Century , fighting Iraq in the 1980s . The war threats have also made Iran clear about its objectives . IRGC says it will not differentiate between Israeli and U.S. targets if Iran were attacked by either . It believes Iranian troops will have a far better chance of combat survival in a vast regional battle ground which they get to define . War threats have also made Iran deceptively good at demoralizing the enemy . Iran does not believe it will be attacked because American forces are war-weary after Iraq and Afghanistan . Israel will likely not strike as long as it is surrounded by hostile Islamist forces in Gaza , Egypt , Jordan and Syria . In the rest of the Arab world , it is hard to find sympathy for Israel 's cause of killing the Iranian nuclear program while it retains a military nuclear strategy . Clearly , Iran 's Islamic revolution frequently fails to grasp the depth of troubles it faces by being so defiant . It likes to hedge that regional events will work in its favor as other Islamist forces rise to challenge Israel and the U.S. . It also hedges that its indefinite tolerance for suffering , the result of the Persian Shia belief system , will work in its favor when it faces impatient demands by the U.S. to change course . The U.S. is also hedging like Iran , but with a different set of tools . It hedges that sanctions and war threats will contain Iran . And when it seems otherwise , it calls for time for sanctions to take effect while postponing the war option . Washington believes a deal with Iran could be made , but it is confused how . It believes in engaging Iran by using a stick , admits Iran 's big trade partners Russia and China do not support sanctions , then urges staunch Iranian allies like the Lebanese government to respect sanctions . Hedging leads to self-deception . It deceived Iran into accelerating a controversial nuclear program believing that it is a price worth paying . It deceived Washington to overstate the imminence of Israeli military action against Iran , and Iran 's hostile intents towards Israel . Numerous Israeli officials speak against attacking Iran , and provocative Iranian statements are calculated risks to keep Israel on its toes . Whether in an Obama or a Romney administration , Washington must cease hedging and stick to the basics . The road begins by admitting that if Iran acquires know-how to build a nuclear bomb , it wo n't be the first time the U.S. failed to prevent a developing country from becoming a nuclear state . A nuclear Iran , even if it acquired weapons capability , should not define the end-game . Washington should avoid missing the forest for the trees . It should recognize that convincing Iran not to build a bomb might be easier by engaging it . Iran 's current strategic military doctrine rejects the use of weapons of mass destruction . By the end of the road , Washington should set a mutually agreed deadline with Iran to arrive at a win-win solution . It should also assure Israel that its safety is guaranteed . This can be done by engaging Israel and Iran 's Arab neighbors in a region-wide initiative on the future of non-proliferation in the Middle East while talks with Iran carry on . Sanctions should roll back , with Israel and Arab state endorsements , if Iran makes tangible progress in talks . Washington should demand that Iran 's leaders silence revolutionary pessimists and special interest groups that do not think a thaw in Iranian-U.S. ties is possible or warranted . U.S. leadership to engage with Iran is crucial now more than ever . Good leadership requires clear vision and achievable objectives . Then soon enough , the Iranians will do quick math . If being friendly with the U.S. is more lucrative than being hostile , they will choose the former over the latter .	Keynoush : Both U.S. and Iran are missing opportunities to benefit from nuclear talks Iran is able to turn sanctions in its favor , says author U.S. might find it easier to persuade Iran from building a bomb by talking , says Keynoush
New Delhi  CNN  -- The family of an Indian woman who died after a savage gang rape would like to see a new hospital , named after her , to keep her memory alive . Her brother told CNN by phone from eastern India on Sunday that the family 's home village , located in a backward region , still does n't have a well-equipped health care center . "  It will be really good if our village gets a hospital in her name . That will keep her memory alive and serve a cause , " said the 20-year-old , who asked not to be named . The young man referred to the victim as "  Didi " -- Hindi for elder sister . "  Didi loved watching movies , " he said . "  Talaash , " meaning "  search " in Hindi and Urdu , was the last Bollywood film they saw together , on a laptop in New Delhi . The rape victim was the eldest of three siblings , with two younger brothers . A physiotherapy student , she was expecting an internship at a hospital in the Indian capital in January . "  After her internship , she would have got a job . And that would have been a great help to our family , " said the brother , himself a student . He described his sister as both soft and stern . "  Didi was cheerful . But she would also scold me if I did n't score well in exams . She would correct me if I made any mistakes in studies , " the brother recounted . The family was still struggling with the traumatic loss , he said . "  My mother is trying to normalize . But my father often breaks down . Her memories haunt us . It 's more difficult at night , " he said . The family also regrets that help came too late when the victim was lying injured along a street after the vicious sexual assault on her on the night of December 16 . "  That 's the problem in our country . People do n't come up quickly to help the injured people or accident victims . Mindsets have to change , " said the victim 's brother . Nonetheless , he felt the protests that the attack sparked were justified . "  You need these protests to bring about a change in laws . And laws should be made so tough that nobody should even think of committing such crimes . Rapists deserve death sentence , " he said .	A new hospital would keep the victim 's memory alive and serve a purpose , her brother says He describes his sister as "  cheerful " but says she scolded him if he neglected schoolwork India needs tougher laws on rape , the brother says
London  CNN  A photo of a weasel hitching a surprise lift on the back of a flying woodpecker near London has gone viral on Twitter , with more than 7,000 users retweeting the original post of the image . It was first posted by photographer Jason Ward on Monday and credited to Martin Le-May . After #WeaselPecker gained momentum , British media soon picked up the story , and television channel ITV interviewed Le-May . The amateur photographer from Essex , near London , told the broadcaster he had been walking with his wife in Hornchurch Country Park , Essex , when they heard "  a distressed squawking " noise and spotted the woodpecker . "  Just after I switched from my binoculars to my camera the bird flew across us and slightly in our direction ; suddenly it was obvious it had a small mammal on its back and this was a struggle for life , " Le-May said . Eventually , Le-May told ITV , the weasel -- known as a "  least weasel " in some countries -- lost its grip and the bird flew away . Marina Pacheco , chief executive of Britain 's Mammal Society told CNN the image looked genuine and that it was possible an omnivorous weasel would take on a woodpecker . "  Weasels will go for anything that looks like food -- they 've got a high metabolism and they 've got to eat a lot , " she said . "  It does n't surprise me that a weasel took a punt -- I 've seen a photo of a weasel charging a group of sparrows , they 're very hungry animals . " But she said the weasel , which would generally try to break the neck of its prey to subdue it , may have exceeded its abilities in this case . "  I think it was a bit of a long shot -- it looks like it tried to grab the neck of the woodpecker to break it , " Pacheco said . "  I think that it probably does n't have a big enough jaw to bite through the spine of the woodpecker . " Weasels would not normally target green woodpeckers , Pacheco said -- their predators are normally the size of a stoat or larger . But the birds are known to spend a fair amount of time on the ground pulling up worms and hunting insects . "  If the woodpecker had managed to hit the weasel with its beak it would have been the end of the weasel , " she said . "  They 're quite gung-ho little creatures . " The pluckiness of the weasel spawned a number of parodies on Twitter , with manipulated images showing the creature in turn being ridden by Russian President Vladimir Putin , popstar Miley Cyrus , football star John Terry -- and even what appears to be a dog red panda dressed in a Darth Vader costume .  Update : Twitter has now educated us on the difference between a dog and a red panda . Sorry , Darth ! As for the bird ? The green woodpecker is also known as a "  yaffle " for its laughing call . After the shock of being targeted by a hungry weasel wears off , we can only hope it lives up to its nickname .	A photo of a green woodpecker flying with a weasel on its back has gone viral on Twitter The image was snapped by amateur photographer Martin Le-May near London It sparked the hashtag #weaselpecker and has spawned numerous memes
CNN  -- Singer-actress Mandy Moore and rocker Ryan Adams were married this week in Savannah , Georgia , Moore 's publicist told CNN on Wednesday . Mandy Moore first found recording success in 1999 with her single "  Candy " and is now a well-known actress . The wedding took place Tuesday , said Jillian Fowkes , who gave no further details about the nuptials . Rumors first surfaced almost a year ago that Moore , 24 , and Adams , 34 , were dating , as paparazzi photos surfaced of the couple out together in Los Angeles , California . Moore 's first success as a recording artist came in 1999 with her debut album , "  So Real , " which went platinum with the help of her top-10 single "  Candy . " Adams is known for producing rock music with a country influence . He is best known for his song "  New York , New York " , which appeared on his 2001 release "  Gold . " Adams is also an author and has produced music for Jesse Malin and Willie Nelson . He recently announced that he was leaving his band , The Cardinals , because of inner ear troubles affecting his balance and hearing . Adams has fronted The Cardinals since 2004 .	Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams married quietly in Savannah , Georgia Couple was first spotted together by paparazzi almost a year ago He recently announced he is leaving The Cardinals
CNET  -- Ceatec did n't officially start until Monday , but Toshiba was already getting the lion 's share of the buzz here on the show floor , with its glasses-less 3D TV . The device was announced Sunday night , and people flocked to the demonstration in a dark makeshift theater Monday , where the wait was nearly an hour . The reason ? Because finally , mercifully , a TV maker has come up with a way to watch 3D at home without those ridiculous plastic glasses . There were three sizes on display : 12 inches , 20 inches , and 56 inches . While the smaller size models are destined for the Japanese market in December , the 56-incher is just a prototype and there are no imminent plans to make it into an actual product , according to a Toshiba representative here . The 3D Regza TV uses the Cell Broadband Engine that takes a 2D image and then simultaneously creates nine images of it from nine different directions , in real time . It 's displayed on a high-definition LED TV . CNET : Watch an explanation video of how the technology works After spending some time in the theater , we found the TV works surprisingly well . It 's not a 3D cinema-quality experience , and there 's clearly room to improve , but again , you do n't have to wear any glasses . Still images fare better than moving images . And you have to sit  though we stood during the demo  very close to the center of the screen to get the effect . With the 12-inch version , move more than a few inches to the left or right and the 3D effect is lost . However , the viewing angle was better on the 20-inch model , and the best on the 56-inch one . And there 's another matter of practicality : to get the best effect , you have to stand pretty close to the LED TV , closer than any normal person would want to for fear singeing their retinas . That 's why the glasses-less 3D laptop , a Toshiba Dynabook , is a far more realistic application of the glasses-less technology : It 's the same size as the 12-inch TV , but since it 's natural to sit very close to a laptop and look at it straight on , the aforementioned problems are negated . The 12-inch 3D TV goes on sale in Japan at the end of this year for 120,000 yen , or $ 1,500 . The 20-inch will have a 240,000 yen price tag , or about $ 2,900 . Sorry , rest of the world , you 'll have to wait , since there 's no timetable for bringing either to other markets . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Toshiba is getting lion 's share of buzz at Ceatec with glasses-less 3D TV Device was announced last night and people flocked to demonstration You have to sit very close to the center of the screen to get the effect The 12-inch 3D TV goes on sale in Japan at the end of this year for $ 1,500
NEW YORK  CNN  -- One summer night in 2004 , 3-year-old Riley Fox lay asleep on a couch not far from her 6-year-old brother on a chair in the living room . Their father was sleeping in a nearby bedroom . The FBI joined the search for the killer of 3-year-old Riley Fox last month . Just before 8 a.m. , Kevin Fox was awakened by his son . The boy told his father that Riley was missing from the sofa . Fox searched for his daughter for 40 minutes inside and outside their Wilmington , Illinois , home and then called police , according to authorities . His wife , Melissa , was in Chicago participating in a charity walk , and when she found out , she rushed home . Nearly 500 volunteers , along with police and family , searched for the little girl . Her body was found later that day in a river in Forked Creek , Illinois , just 4 miles from the family 's home . She 'd been bound and gagged with duct tape , raped and drowned , according to the Will County Sheriff 's Office and the coroner 's report . It was June 6 , 2004 , the start of a horrific ordeal for the family . Fox was arrested and charged with the killing , only to be exonerated by DNA evidence . More than five years later , authorities have yet to capture Riley 's killer . Kathleen Zellner , Fox 's attorney , said that the crime scene was brutal and that the theory is that Riley was snatched from her home , sexually assaulted and then thrown from the bridge overlooking the river where she drowned . Because her hands were bound and her mouth covered with duct tape , she was unable to swim or save herself , Zellner said . According to Zellner , Fox says that the night his daughter disappeared , he had gone to a street fair while the children 's grandparents looked after them . On his way home , about midnight , Fox picked up his two sleepy children from their grandparents and put them to bed in the living room of the 500-square-foot cement box family home . Riley often fell asleep on the sofa and her 6-year-old brother on the chair near her while watching TV , Zellner said . Fox has said the front door was wide open when he awoke , Zellner said , as was the back door . He has said he locked the front door before he 'd gone to bed . The back door 's lock had been broken weeks ago ; they typically propped a stack of laundry baskets against it to keep it shut . According to the family , those baskets had been removed and placed on top of the laundry machine by someone other than family members . "  From the beginning , we believed that someone was already inside the house waiting when Kevin got home with the kids that night , " Melissa Fox said . "  But it was clear that police were looking at Kevin suspiciously . " Indeed , five months later , Will County sheriff 's officers arrested and charged Kevin Fox with the sexual assault and murder of his daughter . Zellner says the arrest came after authorities coerced a confession from him after 14 hours of relentless questioning . Fox spent eight months in jail , but DNA evidence from the rape kit conducted on Riley 's body finally exonerated him . There was no semen found during the autopsy , Zellner says , but saliva of an unidentified male was found on the duct tape covering Riley 's mouth and elsewhere on her body . In late 2007 , the family won a $ 15.5 million wrongful-arrest suit against the sheriff 's detectives . The Foxes believe that the perpetrator was someone in the community who had been watching and targeting their daughter for some time . "  For weeks before her disappearance , I could n't shake a feeling of uneasiness , strange noises at night outside our house , as if someone were lurking and watching us , " Melissa Fox said . Zellner believes that another big clue was a red car similar to a Chevrolet Cavalier parked outside the Fox home that night , before Kevin Fox and his children returned home . "  It 's only been in the last few weeks that investigators have actively begun pursuing this case again , " Zellner said , "  even though Kevin was cleared nearly four years ago . " Last month , the FBI joined the investigation at the request of Will County State Attorney James Glasgow . FBI agents combed Riley 's neighborhood and talked with neighbors and other potential witnesses . "  The FBI is bringing unprecedented resources and expertise to this investigation , " Glasgow said in a statement . "  We can not allow this horrific crime against an innocent child to remain unsolved . " The family is offering a $ 100,000 reward , and the FBI is offering $ 10,000 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for Riley Fox 's death . Anyone with more information is urged to call the FBI 's Chicago office at 312-421-6700 .	FBI joins investigation into death of 3-year-old Riley Fox , slain in 2004 Riley was reported missing from home ; her body was found that day Authorities initially charged father in the killing , but DNA exonerated him Attorney for family blasts law enforcement for lack of progress on case
Mitt Romney picked up a highly prized endorsement Wednesday from former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush after a convincing victory the night before in the Illinois primary but then saw a top adviser 's televised comment provide new ammunition to his trailing rivals in the Republican presidential race . Eric Fehrnstrom , Romney 's senior campaign adviser , was asked in a CNN interview Wednesday morning whether the former Massachusetts governor had been forced to adopt conservative positions in the rugged race that could hurt his standing with moderates in November 's general election . "  I think you hit a reset button for the fall campaign . Everything changes , " Fehrnstrom responded . "  It 's almost like an Etch A Sketch . You can kind of shake it up , and we start all over again . " Rival candidates Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich , who are vying for conservative support against the more moderate Romney , seized on the comment as indicative of their longstanding criticism that Romney shifts his positions on issues such as health care reform and abortion to suit his political needs . Gingrich brought out an Etch A Sketch at a campaign appearance in Louisiana , where the next primary takes place Saturday . "  You have to stand for something that lasts longer than this , " Gingrich said at the Lake Charles event , holding the drawing toy invented in 1959 . "  You could not have found a more perfect illustration of why people distrust Romney than to have his  adviser  say that the Etch A Sketch allows you to erase everything in the general election , " Gingrich added . "  You have to read the guy 's quote to realize -- if he had set out to highlight for everybody why we distrust Romney , I think he could n't have done a better job . " Santorum 's campaign posted a photo on Twitter of the candidate using an Etch A Sketch , saying it showed him "  studying up on  Romney 's  policy positions . " Romney "  will say what he needs to say to win the election before him , and if he has to say something different because it 's a different election and a different group of voters , he will say that , too , " Santorum said while campaigning in Harvey , Louisiana . "  Well , that should be comforting to all of you who are voting in this primary . " Fehrnstrom later said he was referring to the campaign as a whole , and Romney spoke to reporters after an afternoon event to try to exercise some damage control . "  Organizationally , a general election campaign takes on a different profile , " Romney said . "  The issues I am running on will be exactly the same . I am running as a conservative Republican . I was a conservative Republican governor . I will be running as a conservative Republican nominee , at that point hopefully , for president . The policies and positions are the same . " However , the Etch A Sketch remark -- coming on what should have been a triumphant day that happened to be Romney 's 43rd wedding anniversary -- threatened to sap attention from his growing momentum toward winning the nomination to face President Barack Obama in November . Romney scored a solid victory in Tuesday 's Illinois primary , followed by the endorsement Wednesday from Bush , a respected Republican leader once considered a possible presidential contender this year . "  Now is the time for Republicans to unite behind Gov. Romney and take our message of fiscal conservatism and job creation to all voters this fall , " Bush , the brother of one Republican former president and son of another , said in a statement . A spokesman for Gingrich said the Bush endorsement merely demonstrated the Republican establishment 's push for Romney instead of a less conventional candidate like the former House speaker . "  It 's a completion of the establishment trifecta , " Gingrich spokesman R.C. Hammond said in reference to endorsements for Romney by former President George H.W. Bush , former Sen. Bob Dole and now Jeb Bush . Analysts sounded like the Republican campaign was essentially over . Romney 's Illinois victory showed "  the writing 's on the wall " for the rest of the field , said CNN analyst Erick Erickson , a longtime Romney critic . "  This comes down to Mitt Romney , " Erickson said . "  Not only is he the front-runner but the nominee . This is a clear win for Mitt Romney tonight in a state with blue-collar voters , with industrial voters and suburban voters . " The Illinois result followed established patterns in the Republican race , with Romney doing well in urban and suburban areas while Santorum , the former Pennsylvania senator who is his main conservative rival , ran strong in rural areas . In Chicago , Romney had 55 % of the total with 99 % of precincts reporting , while Santorum notched 25 % , according to the city 's election website . In Lake County , one of the surrounding counties near Chicago , Romney had 56 % with all precincts reporting , according to the clerk 's office website , and Santorum had 28 % . Texas Rep. Ron Paul and Gingrich trailed well back , according to unofficial results from local clerks and election boards . The results gave Romney at least 41 of the 54 delegates up for grabs in the state , increasing his total to 562 , according to CNN 's estimate . Santorum is second with 249 , Gingrich third with 137 and Paul last with 69 . A total of 1,144 delegates is needed to clinch the GOP nomination . Romney 's campaign trumpeted the Illinois showing as a broad-based triumph , seeking to overcome questions about the candidate 's ability to win over the conservative GOP base . "  Romney won with tea party voters . He won with Catholics , " campaign spokeswoman Andrea Saul said . "  There are a lot of groups within the Republican Party , and Gov. Romney has won their votes . " In remarks to cheering supporters , Romney resumed his front-runner attacks on Obama 's economic , health care and spending policies . "  The simple truth is , this president does not understand the genius of this economy , " Romney said , adding that "  the American economy is fueled by freedom . " Santorum skipped Illinois on primary night and awaited the results in Gettysburg in his home state of Pennsylvania . In his concession speech , below a banner that proclaimed "  Freedom , " he said he was staying in the race to battle a government that he complained was "  trying to order us around . " "  This is an election about fundamental and foundational things , " Santorum said , attacking Romney 's claim of greater business and government management experience . "  This is an election about not who 's the best person to manage Washington or manage the economy . We do n't need a manager , we need someone who 's going to pull government up by the roots and do something to liberate the private sector in America . " Santorum said he expected to do better in upcoming primaries and caucuses , adding : "  We are feeling very , very good about winning Louisiana on Saturday . " Santorum has made a strong showing in traditionally conservative Southern states , winning Alabama and Mississippi a week ago , while Romney finished third . Another Santorum victory in Louisiana would continue the pattern of the race , while a Romney win would signal growing support from the conservative base that he needs to finish off his rivals . Romney 's Illinois victory followed an overwhelming triumph Sunday in Puerto Rico , where Romney got 83 % of the vote and picked up all 20 delegates at stake . Gingrich , who appears increasingly unlikely to mount another comeback after two previous campaign surges , issued a statement Tuesday night blasting Romney for relying on his vast financial resources rather than offering "  solutions that hold the president accountable for his failures . " "  To defeat Barack Obama , Republicans ca n't nominate a candidate who relies on outspending his opponents 7-1 , " Gingrich said . Saul , the Romney spokeswoman , responded : "  That 's like a basketball team complaining they lost to another team because their players were too tall . "  Fundraising is part of a campaign . So is organization , " Saul said . Gingrich plans to head to Louisiana , as does Paul , the libertarian champion with a small but devoted following .	Mitt Romney responds to Etch A Sketch comment by affirming his conservatism Rivals jump on Romney aide 's remark that his campaign can reset like an Etch A Sketch Jeb Bush endorses Romney and calls for Republican unity The Louisiana primary Saturday is the next contest in the Republican presidential race
Willow , Alaska  CNN  -- The 2010 Iditarod is officially under way , with 71 mushers and dog teams on the wide-open trail toward Nome . Teams will spend the next week and a half crossing 1,049 miles through some of the most demanding and formidable conditions on Earth , including North America 's largest mountain chain , the Alaska range . "  Ten days and nothing else but eat , sleep and feed dogs , " Canadian musher Sebastian Schnuelle said excitedly . The sport has been dominated in recent years by Lance Mackey , 39 , of Fairbanks , Alaska , and this year he will be trying to accomplish what no musher in history has been able to do : win four consecutive Iditarods . Mackey is a throat cancer survivor and is known for his fierce determination and competitive spirit . He comes from family of Alaskan mushing champions . His father , Dick Mackey , and brother Rick have also won the Iditarod . Dick Mackey 's one-second win over Rick Swenson in 1978 set a record for the closest finish in Iditarod history . The Iditarod , though , is n't a competitive sprint to the finish for every musher in the field . Jim Lanier , 69 , of Chugiak , Alaska , mushes primarily for enjoyment . He 's entered and completed 13 Iditarods , at least one in all four decades the race has been in existence . He has never won . Rookie Iditarod musher Kristy Berington admits that she 's not racing to win ; she just hopes to finish . Her longest race prior to entering this year 's Iditarod was only 300 miles . "  I 've got puppies on this team that I want to see get to Nome . It 's like watching your kid graduate from college , " said the 25-year-old Kasilof , Alaska , resident . "  They go and they 're puppies , and they come back and they 're dogs . " She has been training with Iditarod veteran Paul Gebhardt and has borrowed one of his dog teams to lead her to Nome . Outside of personal accomplishments and goals , the race this year also presents an opportunity for some mushers to show their respect to fallen serviceman , thanks to a collaboration with the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors . Always a top competitor in the race , four-time Iditarod champion Martin Buser of Big Lake , Alaska , has six commemorative purple ribbons attached to his sled this year , placed there at the ceremonial start by the wives of the fallen soldiers and officers . Buser , who was born in Switzerland in 1958 , became a U.S. citizen in 2002 . "  After the 9/11 incident , I proved to my boys that this is the soil I wanted to defend ... so being asked to do such honors as these are very , very important to me because I 'm truly one of the new immigrants and one of the staunches believers in our country , " he said . Buser was naturalized under the famous burled arch in Nome at the finish line of the 2002 Iditarod . He carried an American flag in his sled for more than 1,000 miles to the finish line that year and set an Iditarod record for the shortest race time ever recorded : 8 days , 22 hours , 46 minutes and 2 seconds . His two sons are even named after Iditarod checkpoints : Nikolai and Rohn . The 2010 Iditarod musher 's roster includes men and women ages 18 to 69 who hail from five countries : the United States , Canada , Scotland , Belgium and Jamaica . Some are professional mushers who raise and train sled dogs year-round ; others are teachers , nurses , horse trainers , foresters or biologists . A doctor and a fishing guide also are included , among other professions . Asked to explain why mushers are drawn to this sport , four-time Iditarod champion Jeff King of Denali Park , Alaska , took time to reflect before answering . "  Until you 've ridden a dog team you 've trained from puppies on a full moon with a hard trail and feel their energy and hear the panting of their tongues , the jingle of their collars , feel the surge of power that comes through the handlebar , I do n't think you can appreciate what it 's really like , " the 54-year-old said . "  But that 's exactly the reason . "	38th year of famed Alaskan sled dog race begins with 71 teams Lance Mackey will be trying for fourth consecutive win "  It 's like watching your kid graduate from college , " musher says of completing
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The YouTube and Carnegie Hall generations collided Wednesday night in New York City as a nearly sold-out audience looked on in amazement . Images from musicians ' videos are projected during the YouTube Symphony Orchestra concert in New York . Almost 100 musicians from around the world -- the world 's first symphony orchestra comprised of members who auditioned solely online -- played their debut gig . They may have forever changed the audition process in their journey . The YouTube Symphony Orchestra bore a new era of classical performance at Carnegie Hall , and according to a YouTube employee , that 's exactly what they wanted to do . "  We hope this is game changing in the sense it redefines audition space , it brings people closer together and lets them collaborate , transcending geographical and linguistic boundaries , " said marketing manager Ed Sanders . Participants were chosen from more than 3,000 YouTube video submissions from more than 70 countries and territories spanning six continents , according to a press release . Watch orchestra play " Their YouTube channel has received more than 15 million page views thus far with members hailing from more than 30 countries . The symphony orchestra 's members participated in the three-day Classical Music Summit at Julliard and their Carnegie Hall debut served as the finale . Michael Tilson Thomas directed the performance and also served as the artistic adviser and conductor to the orchestra . He refined and nurtured each member through their musical selections online until the entire orchestra met in the real world a few days ago . "  For us it 's somewhere between a classical music summit conference and a scout jamboree with an element of speed dating thrown in , " Thomas said . While some participants traveled from as far as South Korea , Malaysia and Lithuania , bass player Kurt Hinterbichler lives in New York City . A theoretical physicist working on his doctorate at Columbia University , Hinterbichler was enamored at being chosen to participate . "  Carnegie Hall is still sort of the unofficial pinnacle of achievement of the classical music world , " he said . "  You know once you 've made it to Carnegie Hall you 've really made it . " So , how do you get to Carnegie Hall ? "  Upload , upload , upload -LSB- YouTube videos -RSB- , " joked Thomas , updating the old "  practice , practice , practice " punchline . Violin player Jennifer Lindsay , who is a systems engineer by day , said she was floored when she learned she was selected . "  YouTube gave me this opportunity to perform at Carnegie Hall . There 's no other way that someone like me who is not even a professional musician would have ever made it . " World-renowned composer Tan Dun created a piece especially for the orchestra titled "  Internet Symphony No. 1 , Eroica . " Dun told YouTube his inspiration for this piece came from the streets of many international cities . "  On the streets of New York , London , Paris , Beijing , Shanghai , I heard the street noise ... then I thought this is the spirit beyond , this is the spirit of today . " Dun has also created music for the movie "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon " and the Beijing Summer Olympics . The symphony orchestra played to a Carnegie Hall audience that was almost 90 percent of capacity . Audience members seemed to love not only the performance , but the idea as a whole . Peter Newton and his wife were on vacation in New York from London and decided to attend the concert . "  The mixture between the music and democracy ... it 's interesting that at the end of the day , you bring them together for this performance , " he said . Aaron Polsky attended the performance in support of his sister , who helped organize it . He was amazed at how limitless the performance seemed . "  I think it 's great ... there are really no boundaries other than owning a computer and an Internet connection . " Musicians Lindsay and Hinterbichler both said they had no doubts the event would be a success . "  Absolutely do not underestimate the motivational power of playing at Carnegie Hall , " Lindsay said . Hinterbichler agreed , "  We 've got world class conductors , it will come together . " In the spirit of YouTube , Travis Threlkel designed videos that accompanied all 15 musical selections . The lights in the room changed from green to red during some segments to match the mood of the selection . Dun said he thought the concert would be a hit with the Internet community . "  The whole world tonight is Googling around what 's happening in Carnegie Hall , " he said . Hinterbichler said he still did not grasp the vast reality of the situation . "  It 's going to be one of those life experiences you know . I probably wo n't know what it means until ten years down the line when I look back at it , " he said . So , what will the folks at YouTube come up with next ? "  There should be a live Internet performance -LSB- by the orchestra -RSB- , " said Newton , the audience member . After Wednesday night , that certainly seems like a possibility .	The YouTube and Carnegie Hall generations collided Wednesday in New York City YouTube Symphony Orchestra played a live concert to an amazed audience Orchestra assembled from musicians around the world who "  auditioned " online So , how do you get to Carnegie Hall ? "  Upload , upload , upload videos "
CNN  -- The Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday it 's considering tighter restrictions on propofol , a drug reportedly found after Michael Jackson 's death in the Holmby Hills , California , mansion he rented . The Drug Enforcement Administration said Wednesday it 's considering tighter restrictions on propofol . "  We were petitioned and have been been looking into it for the past two years , " said DEA spokesman Rusty Payne , who added in response to a question that the inquiry had not been affected by the singer 's death of cardiac arrest on June 25 . The agency is looking at designating the sedative as a "  scheduled " drug , which would tighten restrictions on the its distribution and use . Payne said he could not divulge anything related to the Jackson investigation , "  but I can tell you that researchers making the decision about propofol would typically be interested in any information that would help them answer questions about the effects of propofol and its potential harm to the user . " Propofol , known by the trade name of Diprivan , is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a powerful anesthetic and sedative . Payne said concern about the drug 's potential for abuse led to the petition . But , he added , "  as far as we know , this is not something that 's been highly abused . " Payne said he did not know who had sought the change , adding , "  Typically we would not make that public . " The process required to get a drug scheduled is a lengthy one , involving a number of agencies , he said . "  Lots of experts weigh in on questions such as potential for abuse , pharmacological effects , history and current patterns abuse , " he said . Nutritionist Cherilyn Lee has said Jackson pleaded for the drug as a sleep aid , despite being told of its potentially harmful effects . And sources close to Jackson told CNN that the insomniac singer traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night and "  bring him back up " during a world tour in the mid-1990s . The Associated Press and The Los Angeles Times , citing unidentified sources , have reported that police found Diprivan among Jackson 's medicines . Officials have said that the exact cause of death and whether drug use may have been involved will not be determined until after toxicology tests are completed , which could be several weeks . On Monday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a health advisory , saying two lots of a generic version of the drug had tested positive for endotoxin , a contaminant . The drug maker , Teva Pharmaceuticals , voluntarily recalled the lots . No fatalities were reported . A Teva spokeswoman said the DEA had contacted the drug maker "  about a specific lot number , and that lot number is not from the two we are recalling . " Spokeswoman Denise Bradley would not say whether the contact was related to the Jackson investigation . A DEA spokesman said he could not comment on any ongoing investigation . In a written statement issued this month , the American Society of Anesthesiologists said it "  unequivocally maintains that Diprivan , or its generic name propofol , is a drug meant only for use in a medical setting by professionals trained in the provision of general anesthesia . "  Though the drug is often used for procedures requiring sedation , patients can have extremely variable responses to the drug and some patients can become completely anesthetized , including losing the ability to breathe , " the statement continued . "  Diprivan should never be used outside of a controlled and monitored medical setting . Use of the drug should be directly supervised by a physician trained in anesthesia and qualified to provide physiologic rescue should too much drug be given , " the statement said .	Propofol , generic name of Diprivan , reportedly found in Michael Jackson 's home DEA spokesman : "  We 've been looking into it for the past two years " Spokesman says inquiry has n't been affected by singer 's cardiac arrest death Propofol is administered intravenously in operating rooms as a powerful anesthetic
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi soldiers have found a mass grave of mutilated bodies in a restive region north of Baghdad , a local security official told CNN Thursday . Mourners with the coffin of a relative killed by a triple car bombing Wednesday in the city of Amara . Elsewhere an Iraqi was killed and five people were wounded Thursday when a car bomb detonated near the Italian Embassy in northern Baghdad 's Adhamiya neighborhood , an Interior Ministry official said . And 11 people were detained in coalition raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq and those who help foreign insurgents , the U.S. military said . Iraqi soldiers said 12 of the bodies found north of Baghdad were beheaded and four others were mutilated . The corpses , all male , were discovered Wednesday near Muqdadiya in Diyala province north of the capital , the official , from Diyala province , said on Thursday . He said police believe al Qaeda in Iraq left behind the mass grave . Diyala province -- which stretches north and east of the capital and borders Iran -- has been a major scene of fighting during the U.S. and Iraqi troop escalations this year . It is one of the Baghdad "  belts " with a strong insurgent presence that have been targeted by coalition and Iraqi forces over the year . It is not the first mass grave found in and near Baghdad this autumn . Others include a mass grave of 17 Iraqi civilians believed kidnapped at fake police checkpoints , found under a house used by insurgents near Baquba , Diyala 's provincial capital -- an area where al Qaeda in Iraq has had a strong presence . The decomposed bodies of 16 Iraqi civilians believed killed by al Qaeda in Iraq terrorists were found in early December in a shelter in central Baghdad 's Fadl neighborhood . And U.S. and Iraqi troops found 22 corpses buried in the region around Iraq 's Lake Tharthar , northwest of Baghdad , in both Anbar and Salaheddin provinces . Meanwhile the Italian Embassy confirmed the bombing in northern Baghdad 's Adhamiya neighborhood which killed one person but had no further details about the incident . Three police were among the wounded when the parked car blew up , the official said . A predominantly Sunni neighborhood , Adhamiya is one of the areas in Baghdad where an "  awakening " movement has been created to maintain security . The awakening movement is the name for the anti-al-Qaeda in Iraq Sunni groups that have emerged in Iraq over the year . The detention of the 11 people in coalition raids targeting netted , the U.S. military said , an al Qaeda in Iraq leader north of Hawija , believed to be responsible for facilitating finances and logistics for the terrorist network in the area " . Five others were detained . A "  wanted individual " and three others were detained in Mosul and another person was seized in Samarra . "  Foreign terrorists who come to Iraq to support al Qaeda will find no safe haven from which they can operate , " said Cmdr. Scott Rye , a Multi-National Forces-Iraq spokesman . "  While they struggle to rebuild their networks , we will continue to dismantle them . " E-mail to a friend	Mass grave found north of Baghdad , includes mutilated remains of at least 16 men One Iraqi killed and five people wounded by a car bomb in northern Baghdad Eleven people detained in countrywide coalition raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq
Northern Syria  CNN  -- On the northern edge of this war-torn country , barely 100 meters from the Turkish border , thousands of desperate Syrians slept in the dirt . They were hard to spot at first , hidden among ancient olive groves . But as the sun rose , bodies stirred beneath filthy blankets , next to pitiable shelters of plastic sheets strung up between olive trees . Children began scavenging in surrounding fields for twigs to use for cooking fires . Women lined up next to a water tank pumping milky , chalky water presumed to have given many residents of this make-shift camp diarrhea . A month ago , there was no camp here . But now rebels from a local Free Syrian Army group that slept in a tent with the words "  police office " spray-painted on it estimated there were between 5,500 and 6,000 people living here , with more arriving every day . More : War marks highest daily death toll "  I came here because my house was destroyed , " said Youssef Dabul , an English-speaking 30-year-old man who said he used to manage a KFC restaurant in Aleppo . "  I never imagined in all my life to come here and live under the olive trees . " Many of the residents told similar stories of rockets and airstrikes pummeling their villages and towns , forcing them to flee their homes . Ousama Hamdou sat on a plastic mat under a tree holding his 2-year-old daughter , Maram . Long , wide scars stretched across her chest , still pink from the explosion last month that left her badly burned . "  I do n't know what exploded , whether it was a rocket or a bomb , " Hamdou said . The blast destroyed his home in the battleground city of Aleppo , in a flashpoint neighborhood called Sakari . When a reporter asked "  how are you ? " in Arabic to Maram , she did n't respond . Hamdou explained that the explosion left the little girl deaf . In his other arm , he held Maram 's one-and-a-half-month old brother , whose face was covered with insect bites . "  He 's being bitten by mosquitoes , and he has diarrhea and fever , " Hamdou said , adding that he and his family of eight had already spent more than two weeks waiting here by the border for the Turks to let them in . "  Every day that we stay here we come closer to dying . " For more than a year , Turkey maintained what it described as an "  open door policy " for Syrian refugees fleeing their government 's military assaults . Turkish border guards met families who escaped to the border fence with vans and buses that transported them to camps that foreign dignitaries have frequently described as clean , well-managed and orderly . More : Witness says scores killed in massacre south of Damascus But over the last month , the refugee population in Turkey has swelled to more than 87,000 people , prompting Ankara to at least partially shut its "  open door " policy as the Turkish government struggles to build more camps . "  Our speed of constructing camps ... can not compete with the pace of the violence of the Ba'ath regime against its own people , " said Turkish foreign ministry spokesman Selcuk Unal , in a phone interview with CNN . "  There is no policy change , " another Turkish official insisted , speaking on condition of anonymity . "  We intend to continue this policy of open door as long as we can . The thing is , our capabilities are being strained . " "  We 've started to extend humanitarian aid , food , medicine , to the zero point on the border , " the official added . "  That 's the best we can do at the moment . " There were signs of food distribution and delivery of basic supplies at the olive orchard camp . But no international aid organizations appeared to have a presence here . As parents have watched their children succumb to disease due to the filthy conditions , tempers have periodically flared . "  I 'm ready to beg  Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip  Erdogan to help us , " said a man dressed in a track suit who called himself Abu Saleh . He showed a laminated card that identified him as an FSA fighter . But Abu Saleh explained he quit the rebel movement after his wife was killed by a government airstrike last month . Now the former rebel was trying to transport his surviving children to safety in Turkey . An hour later , Abu Saleh led a procession of about 100 men and boys past piles of burning garbage , to the barbed wire border fence . There , under the eyes of Turkish gendarme officers watching from a guard tower that overlooked the camp , the refugees held a futile protest , begging the Turks to let them in . "  Erdogan , Erdogan , today we sleep in Turkey , " the crowd chanted . More : Report details Syrian children 's horror stories "  We want to send a message to the leaders of the Arab world , of the Islamic world , they abandoned us , " Abu Saleh yelled . "  And the first one who let us down was Obama . " As the crowd chanted , a lone Turkish municipal employee worked a few meters away on the Turkish side of the fence , spreading mortar onto a recently constructed cinder block wall . In the Syrian village below the camp , hundreds of other displaced families had taken shelter in schools and a village mosque . There were new arrivals every day . A pickup truck loaded with at least 30 people and their belongings rolled up outside of one of the schools Wednesday . A woman who only gave the name Um Mohamed said this was n't the first time her family vacated their homes in the village of Kafr Zeita , near the city of Hama . "  We fled our homes many times before to neighboring villages , " she said , still sitting in the back of the loaded truck . "  But now we ca n't stay there ... the situation is very , very bad . Rockets and bombs , falling day and night . " Um Mohamed 's family also wanted to go to Turkey . Since Turkish authorities were only allowing a few hundred refugees to enter every day , some Syrians resorted to desperate tactics to escape their country . Under the cover of pre-dawn darkness , a family of at least 10 stood quietly in fields not far from the Turkish border fence . With a signal from a smuggler , they then walked single-file toward the border , carrying suitcases and bags on their heads . The family then began crawling , one by one , through the barbed wire fence . Suddenly , flashlights flared in the darkness . A squad of Turkish gendarme soldiers ran along the fence toward the refugees , bellowing at the top of their lungs . Moments later , the family members came stumbling back to Syria , still clutching their suitcases . For now , there would be no escape . Journalist Ammar Omar Cheikh contributed to this report	People fleeing the war endure filthy conditions in an impromptu Syrian encampment Thousands of Syrians are being turned back at Turkey 's border Turkish facilities for Syrian refugees are already overflowing Official : Turkey ca n't keep pace with al-Assad 's violence against his own people
CNN  -- The State Department apologized for a computer glitch that invalidated results for thousands who thought they were chosen in the most recent green card visa lottery . Millions of people worldwide apply for the 50,000 permanent resident visas issued a year to relocate to the U.S. . A computer randomly picks would-be immigrants who then undergo interviews , background checks and medical exams before visas can be issued . "  Due to a computer programming problem , the results of the 2012 diversity lottery that were previously posted on this website have been voided , " the State Department said in a statement Friday . "  We regret any inconvenience this might have caused . " The results of lottery were not valid , and the drawing will be redone . "  They did not represent a fair random selection of the entrants , which is required by U.S. law , " said David Donahue , a deputy assistant for the State Department . The issue has been resolved and officials expect to do another selection in July , Donahue said .	Millions apply for 50,000 permanent visas issued a year "  We regret any inconvenience this might have caused , " State Department says Results from a new lottery will be announced in July
CNN  -- Federal investigators , joined by local officials and others , spread across Alaska on Thursday seeking the cause of a plane crash that killed five people , including former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens . Deborah Hersman , the chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board , told reporters that the initial investigation of the crashed airplane was complete . The wreckage would be hauled to nearby Dillingham , Alaska , to be examined further , Hersman said . There was no new information on what caused the plane to crash Monday on a rugged mountainside in southwestern Alaska , killing Stevens and four others . Another four passengers survived , including former NASA head Sean O'Keefe . Stevens , who served in the U.S. Senate for 40 years , was 86 . His funeral will be held next Wednesday at 2 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  at the Anchorage Baptist Temple in Anchorage , according to Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . O'Keefe remained in critical condition on Thursday , according to Kirsten Schultz , a spokeswoman for Providence Alaska Medical Center . The condition of O'Keefe 's son , Kevin , was upgraded to fair from serious . Another survivor , lobbyist Jim Morhard of Alexandria , Virginia , was also upgraded to fair from serious . Thirteen year-old William Phillips , whose father died in the crash , remained in good condition , Schultz said . A CNN reporter who flew over the crash site Thursday said there was a wide , brown swath cut through the trees by the plane . The crash occurred about 1,000 feet up the 2,300-foot mountain in an area called Muklung Hills , about a 20-minute flight from Dillingham , the reporter said . Hersman said the de Havilland DHC-3 Otter involved in the crash was manufactured in 1957 and overhauled in 2005 from a piston to a turbine engine . She also confirmed the plane lacked either a Ground Proximity Warning System or an Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System . The devices , which Hersman said are not required , help pilots determine how far they are above ground or terrain and can predict whether a plane is on a path toward an obstacle or mountains . Hersman said it was too soon to know whether any technological factor contributed to the crash . John Bouker , the commercial pilot who first spotted the crash site , told CNN Thursday that Stevens ' plane "  was messed up but not beyond survivability . " "  It looked survivable , " Bouker said , "  but it did n't look like it would be a very fun ride or anything . The wings were bent back . The nose section was messed up . It did n't look like a good situation to be in , that 's for sure . " The aircraft , which was taking the group on a fishing trip , crashed in an area near the Bering Sea noted for its rugged terrain . Tom Tucker , a helicopter pilot who landed at the crash site , told CNN that when he first arrived , the survivors "  were coming in and out of consciousness . We put blankets over them to keep them warm . " The longest-serving Republican senator in U.S. history , Stevens lost his 2008 re-election bid to then-Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich after being convicted on charges of making false statements on financial disclosure forms . A federal judge later dismissed the conviction , citing prosecutorial misconduct . Stevens survived a plane crash that killed his wife in 1978 ; he later remarried . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report	NEW : Investigation of the plane wreckage at the crash site is complete Two survivors upgraded from fair to serious condition , while another remains critical One witness tells CNN the plane was "  messed up , " but the crash was survivable Stevens ' funeral will be held next Wednesday in Anchorage , Alaska
CNN  -- The jury may still be out for many Arsenal fans over the future of coach Arsenal Wenger but few can argue about the Frenchman leading the Londoners to the Champions League knockout stages for a 15th consecutive year . He achieved his latest qualification after goals from Yaya Sanogo , his first for the club at the 19th attempt , and Alexis Sanchez secured a 2-0 home win over Borussia Dortmund . Dortmund 's compatriots Bayer Leverkusen and Spaniards Atletico Madrid also made it through to the Last 16 on Wednesday . "  It 's not easy to be consistent so I am very proud of that , " Wenger said after the game . "  The club deserves a lot of credit . " The problem in many Arsenal supporters ' eyes is that the fine record merely papers over cracks that may well be exposed when the Last 16 kicks off in February . The Gunners , who have never won the competition but who finished runners-up in 2006 , have failed to reach the quarterfinals in each of the last four seasons -- losing to Bayern Munich  twice  , Milan and Barcelona . Compounding this frustration is the fact that the side has seldom impressed in the Premier League , with Wenger last finishing in the top two in 2005 . On Tuesday , he may have been conscious that he was taking on the man often touted as a leading contender to replace him at the Emirates -- Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp . Victory against a side that had already secured qualification came at a familiar cost though , with both Sanogo and midfielder Mikel Arteta going off with injuries . Little surprise then that Wenger was hoping for some positives , following a season in which key players like Olivier Giroud , Jack Wilshere and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny have all been forced onto the sidelines . "  From now until February we must improve as a team , get encouragement from this win and hopefully have more players back , " Wenger added . In Group D 's other game , Anderlecht won their first match of the campaign when beating ten-man Galatasaray 2-0 , with Chancel Mbemba netting both goals . Having ended Dortmund 's 100 % record , Arsenal have an outside chance of now finishing top of the group -- providing they win in Galatasaray , and Dortmund trip up at home to Anderlecht -- and so avoiding the heavyweights in the next round . Bundesliga Blowout That was precisely what Bayer Leverkusen were hoping to do but they capped off a record week for German sides -- albeit for the wrong reasons . They lost 1-0 at home to Monaco which , in addition to Dortmund 's defeat and those of both Bayern Munich and Schalke on Tuesday , meant Germany 's four Champions League entrants all lost in the same week for the first time ever . Monaco scored with their only effort on target , just as they did when hosting Leverkusen in September , and Group C is still wide open -- with three sides capable of going through . Leverkusen still managed to ensure progress on Wednesday but their nine points are now only one better than Monaco 's , while Zenit St Petersburg -- who beat Benfica 1-0 -- have moved onto seven . Meanwhile , last season 's beaten finalists Atletico Madrid created their own slice of history when progressing from the group stage in consecutive years for the first time ever . A Mario Mandzukic hat-trick helped them to a 4-0 victory over Olympiakos and the Spaniards will qualify top of Group A unless they lose heavily in Juventus next month . The Italians need a draw to progress after winning 2-0 in Sweden against Malmo , with Fernando Llorente and Carlos Tevez earning Juve 's first away win in the group stage for two years . Perfect Start Defending champions Real Madrid are still the only side in the competition with a 100 % record after Cristiano Ronaldo 's goal in Switzerland was enough to a earn a 1-0 win over Basel . The victory was the fifteenth in a row for Carlo Ancelotti 's side , so equaling Real 's best runs , achieved in the 1960-61 season under Miguel Munoz and three seasons ago under Jose Mourinho . Victory away to Malaga in La Liga on Saturday will create a new record . In Group B 's other game , Liverpool stopped a run of four consecutive defeats but still had to settle for a 2-2 draw away to Ludogorets . The Bulgarians scored late to deny the five-time champions all three points , but the equalizer changed little -- with Liverpool still needing to beat Basel at Anfield next month to go through . Ludogorets are the only side that Liverpool have scored against in the group , whereas Ronaldo , who has now netted in his last 12 away Champions League games , has struck against every team . In a statistic Arsenal fans may want to shy away from , the Portuguese has scored 43 Champions League goals since the start of the 2011-12 season -- precisely the same tally as that boasted by Wenger 's Arsenal in the same period .	Arsenal , Atletico Madrid and Bayer Leverkusen all qualify for Last 16 on Wednesday Real Madrid maintain 100 % record and equal club record winning run Ronaldo 's 71st Champions League goal moves him joint second on all-time scoring list Five-time champions Liverpool held by Bulgarians Ludogorets
