CNN  -- Rafael Nadal will meet Andy Murray in the quarter-finals of the Australian Open after beating Ivo Karlovic 6-4 4-6 6-4 6-4 . The Spaniard faced a tough challenge as Karlovic , known for his big serve , rained down 28 aces during the match , compared to Nadal 's two . However , the world No. 2 showed his class by only committing 15 unforced errors , compared to the Croatian 's 42 . Murray earned his match with Nadal after earlier defeating John Isner 7-6 6-3 6-2 . "  Murray is very good , he 's one of the most talented players on tour , " Nadal told the Australian Open Web site when quizzed about their upcoming meeting . "  He can play offensive , he can play defensive . He can do a lot of things during the same match ... He 's a very important player . " On Saturday , Roger Federer booked his place in the last 16 of the Australian Open after a routine straight sets win over Spain 's Albert Montanes to set up a match with home favourite Lleyton Hewitt . The world number one was relatively untroubled as claimed a 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-4 victory over Montanes and felt his serve proved to be crucial factor in the victory . "  I thought it was dominated from my side with my serve , which allowed me then to take chance on the return , " Federer told the Australian Open Web site . "  It was a pretty straightforward match , really . I do n't remember him having any breakpoints . He was playing tough from the baseline and making it hard . I 'm happy with the match and was able to serve it out , so it was good . " Federer will now turn his attention to Australian Hewitt who led Marcos Baghdatis 6-0 4-2 before the Cypriot was forced to retire with a shoulder injury . Third seed Novak Djokovic thrashed Denis Istomin 6-1 6-1 6-2 , while sixth seed Nikolay Davydenko claimed a 6-0 6-3 6-4 victory over Juan Monaco . Davydenko 's fourth-round opponent will be Spaniard Fernando Verdasco , who advanced when Stefan Koubek of Austria retired due to sickness after losing the first set 6-1 . France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who was a beaten finalist in 2008 , came from a break down in the fourth set to beat Tommy Haas 6-4 3-6 6-1 7-5 . .	Rafael Nadal to meet Andy Murray in quarter-finals of Australian Open after beating Ivo Karlovic 6-4 4-6 6-4 6-4 Roger Federer sets up a last-16 encounter with Lleyton Hewitt at the Australian Open after a routine victory over Albert Montanes Fourth seed Juan Martin Del Potro and seventh seed Andy Roddick are also through after they win in four sets Fifth seed Andy Murray cruises into fourth round and is on course to face Nadal in the quarterfinals
CNN  -- Companies that made and set up trailers used as emergency housing after Hurricane Katrina have agreed to a nearly $ 43 million settlement with people who say they were hurt by formaldehyde in the units . The settlement has been submitted to a federal judge in New Orleans , said Gerald Meunier , a lawyer for plaintiffs in the class-action lawsuit . A hearing has been set for September for final approval , but a preliminary OK could come this week , he said . An estimated 60,000 people are believed eligible for a share of the settlement , he said . As many as 114,000 households were lodged in "  FEMA trailers " after the disaster , which killed more than 1,700 people when it struck near the Louisiana-Mississippi state line in August 2005 . More trailers were deployed after Hurricane Rita , which struck southwestern Louisiana and southeast Texas a month later . But as CNN first reported in 2007 , the units -- built originally as campers -- led to widespread complaints that high levels of formaldehyde were causing respiratory ailments and irritation for those living in them . Formaldehyde is an industrial chemical that is linked to nasal cancer , respiratory problems and leukemia . It was used to make particle board and plywood in the campers , which the government later banned for long-term housing . More than $ 37 million of the settlement will come from seven companies that made travel trailers that the Federal Emergency Management Agency deployed across the hurricane-stricken Gulf Coast after Katrina , Meunier said . The amount is a significant extension of a preliminary deal struck in April , which involved fewer manufacturers , he said . The remainder of the settlement will come from contractors who installed the units , Meunier said . A lawyer for the manufacturers and contractors declined comment on the settlement Wednesday . Six smaller manufacturers have already agreed to separate settlements , most of which remain under seal . Another settlement , in 2011 , saw mobile-home builders paying more than $ 2.6 million over the claims . The amount each plaintiff receives will depend on how many people participate , a number Meunier said ca n't be calculated at this time . Lawyers who represented them will receive a portion of the settlement -- to be determined by the court -- as payment , he said . CNN 's Matt Smith and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	An estimated 60,000 people could share in the settlement , a lawyer says The deal must be approved by a federal judge in September FEMA trailers housed more than 100,000 households after Hurricane Katrina
CNN  -- Leaders from Britain and Iran met Wednesday for the first time in 35 years , a potential breakthrough conversation that occurs at a time when Tehran is trying to shed Western-led sanctions over its nuclear program and Western nations are trying to garner international support for their campaign against ISIS . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani acknowledged the meeting between him and British Prime Minister David Cameron with a tweet -- picture included -- from the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York . "  1 hour of constructive & pragmatic dialogue , new outlook #UNGA , " read his message on the Cameron meeting . During his U.N. speech later Wednesday , Cameron talked about the meeting , the first since the 1979 Iranian Revolution . After talking about the need for the anti-ISIS coalition to be "  inclusive , engaging the widest possible coalition of countries as possible , " Cameron touched on his conversation with Rouhani . The two leaders have "  severe disagreements , " Cameron said , pointing to "  Iran 's support for terrorist organizations , its nuclear program , its treatment of its people . All these need to change . " Then again , Cameron added , "  Iran 's leaders could help in defeating the threat from ISIL , " using a commonly used acronym for ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  They could help secure a more stable and inclusive Iraq and a more stable and inclusive Syria , " he said . "  And if they are prepared to do this , then we should welcome their engagement . " Cameron 's comments came after the UK mission to the United Nations put out a statement on the meeting , saying the two leaders "  agreed that we should seek to progressively improve our bilateral relationship . " That statement referenced addressing "  the future of Iran 's nuclear program . " That remains a focus in Tehran , though the hot topic this week at the United Nations is what to do about ISIS . ISIS consists of Sunni Muslims aiming to create a vast caliphate in the region under its strict , distinct version of Sharia law . Its advances into neighboring Iraq could pose a threat to Iran , especially given that Iran is made up predominantly of Shiite Muslims . In fact , Iranian leaders have voiced support for Iraq 's government -- which is also led by Shiites -- in its fight against the Islamic extremist organization . Brig. Gen. Amir-Ali Hajizadeh even said that members of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard "  stopped " ISIS from entering the Kurdish city of Irbil , according to a report Wednesday from state-run Press TV . But , in the same story , Hajizadeh ripped the U.S.-led anti-ISIS coalition as part of Washington 's "  psychological warfare " policy . Rouhani on Wednesday criticized the coalition airstrikes in Syria , saying they do not have "  any legal standing " because U.N. members have n't sanctioned them . Iran has been one of the biggest allies of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , the man who U.S. President Barack Obama and other Western leaders have publicly said they want out of power -- even going so far as to support moderate opposition elements fighting to oust him . Rouhani used rhetorical questions to make his case on Twitter , writing , "  Was n't DAESH  #ISIS  the same group who fought the Syrian gov & the Syrian army ? How is that they were not categorised as #terrorists then ? " Saying that his country never "  had doubts or delays in countering #ISIS , " Rouhani tweeted , "  Why is it that #ISIS went from not-so-bad to extremely-bad depending on who they had targeted in their #terrorist operations ? " Notwithstanding such criticism and the fact he did n't meet with Obama in New York , Rouhani did n't close the door to major changes in his nation 's relationship with its longstanding , often bitter rival , the United States . "  If we are able to reach a #nuclear agreement , " Rouhani tweeted , "  a new atmosphere would emerge in US-Iran relations , which I believe would benefit both nations . "	NEW : Iran President tweets on "  1 hour of constructive & pragmatic dialogue " NEW : He criticizes U.S.-led strikes in Syria , yet opens door to "  a new atmosphere " with U.S. NEW : Cameron : Despite "  severe disagreements , " Iranians could help defeat ISIS NEW : Prime Minister : If they can help , "  we should welcome their engagement "
CNN  -- A fraternity scavenger hunt at the University of Southern Mississippi was supposed to be a routine off-campus prank rushing pledges in the middle of the night : Go to the local zoo and get your picture taken next to a swan . However , the fraternity stunt at 1 a.m. Tuesday went awry when one student decided he wanted a Chilean pink flamingo instead -- to take back to the fraternity house , according to police and officials . The student climbed a 10-foot fence and threw a T-shirt over the bird , zoo officials said . What started as an innocent stunt has now resulted in the flamingo 's death , a student charged with a felony , nine other suspects being investigated for conspiracy , and the indefinite suspension of the school 's 65-year-old Delta Mu chapter of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity , officials said . A second flamingo later died from injuries caused by the pranksters ' "  attack , " zoo officials said . The second flamingo was a male and the mate of the first flamingo , and the male "  sustained his injuries by defending his mate , " the zoo said on its Facebook page . Devin Nottis , 19 , was arrested and charged with grand larceny , Hattiesburg Police said . He and his attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment on Friday . The case against the nine other suspects will be sent to the Forrest County District Attorney 's Office for a "  grand jury to pursue an indictment , " police said . $ 2,000 birds The accusation led to a felony charge because a Chilean flamingo is worth $ 2,000 , above the felony threshold of $ 500 , said Richard Taylor , the executive director of the Hattiesburg Convention Commission , which operates the Hattiesburg Zoo . The fraternity members realized "  that this was a really , really bad decision " when they saw the flamingo in their house and "  instructed that the bird be taken away , " Taylor said . But the student accused of stealing the bird decided to leave the bird on a nearby bicycling trail , Taylor said . During that transport , one of the flamingo 's legs was broken , and when the bird was found the next morning , it was unable to move and had to be euthanized , Taylor said . ` Terrible and heinous ' Nottis has been placed on interim suspension from the university . None of the others being investigated had been suspended as of Friday , said Southern Mississippi Vice President for Student Affairs Dr. Joe Paul . "  The university is taking swift and appropriate action in response to this incident , " Paul said . "  This is a terrible and heinous act that has occurred , and inconsistent with the values of our institution . " The Pi Kappa Alpha International Fraternity said it was "  disgusted and outraged " by the incident . "  The alleged actions by these students are inexcusable and indefensible . It is without hesitation that the chapter has been suspended . The individuals involved will also be brought up for expulsion " from the fraternity , said the fraternity 's executive vice president , Justin A. Buck . Police said they received a call at 2 a.m. Tuesday about several people possibly inside the zoo . The caller also said several young men were throwing eggs at a truck , police said . The caller said the males "  had a duck or a goose with them , " the police report said . Responding officers , however , did n't find anyone . Zoo video breaks case By 8:30 a.m. , officers responded to a call about "  a pink flamingo on the side of the road , " the police report said . Video footage from the zoo showed "  four subjects " walking through the zoo about 1:15 a.m. , police said . The zoo posted the video clip to its Facebook page and asked for the public 's help in identifying the four people , Taylor said . A tipster told the zoo that "  there was a couple of Twitter feeds that seemed to point towards some knowledge of this , if not participation , " Taylor said . The information was turned over to police . Death of the male mate In the aftermath of the prank , zoo officials discovered a male flamingo was showing unusual behavior . He stood by himself , not with the flock . He also had abrasions , Taylor said . The male then died . "  We took it in for a necropsy , which revealed it had severe internal damage consistent with blunt force trauma , " Taylor said . Some of the male 's internal organs ruptured , Taylor said . "  It was trying to protect the mate and it was probably kicked or hit away in some fashion , " Taylor said . As police continue their investigation , the zoo is evaluating whether to hire a night security officer , Taylor said .	NEW : Second flamingo is now dead from injuries defending its mate from the prank , zoo says Southern Mississippi fraternity members go to zoo to take picture beside a swan But one member climbs 10-foot fence and steals a Chilean pink flamingo , police say After flamingo dies , student faces felony charge , fraternity is suspended
CNN  -- With more than 6,000 years of history , China 's ancient capital of Nanjing has been the birthplace of many of the country 's most intriguing traditional arts . Today , a handful of skilled artisans are keeping these endangered practices alive . Sophisticated and elegant yet not exclusive to the wealthy , these six Nanjing art forms offer insight into China 's diverse yet dwindling collection of intangible attractions that , for the most part , remain hidden behind studio doors . CNN sent Sun Chen , a Nanjing-based photographer , to visit six studios in the city and talk with the artisans . Engraved Buddhist scrolls Sitting in a traditional Chinese building with a scenic garden , Nanjing 's Jinling Buddhism Publishing House was founded in 1866 by a Buddhist scholar . Today , the building also serves as his resting place . The printing house specializes in engraved Buddhist scrolls utilizing a technique that can be traced to the Tang Dynasty  618-907  -- the technique was recognized as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity by UNESCO in 2009 . First , engravers carve Buddhist sutras onto wooden blocks , which are then printed onto paper . The scrolls are then sorted and bound by hand . "  It takes half a month to complete a wooden plate of 800 words , " says nationally recognized senior engraver Ma Meng-qing , who has worked at Jinling for 33 years . "  Some of the more famous sutras , like the Diamond Sutra and the Heart Sutra , each consist of 16 wooden plates . " The house stocks more than 130,000 plates carved with Buddhist sutras and images . Called the "  Jinling version , " products from Nanjing are highly regarded among Chinese temples for their accuracy and clear layouts . Jinling Buddhism Publishing House , 35 Huaihai Road , Bai Xia District , Nanjing ; open only by appointment Paper cuts Drawing a Chinese language character with a single brush stroke is difficult enough -- try swapping the paint brush for scissors . Added to the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity list in 2009 , paper cutting is a folk art practiced by various ethnic groups in China . But Zhang Fang-lin , aka "  Jinling Holy Scissorhands , " says Nanjing 's creations are unique . "  Flower within flower , theme within theme ; roughness with delicacy , rawness with spirit , " says Zhang . This means smaller patterns and stories are hidden within the larger framework of the artwork . Nanjing 's paper-cut artwork is known for its curves and complicated lines , a technique that 's been refined by Zhang 's family . Zhang is the fourth generation of his family in the business . After China 's state television CCTV showcased his work in 2013 , pirated versions of his Chinese zodiac designs started appearing all over the country . Legend has it that his skill was challenged only once . He responded by cutting out two circles separately from two pieces of paper . Amazingly , the two circles overlapped seamlessly . In the past , paper-cutting artists were hired to craft art to be placed on wedding dowries as a blessing . Today , paper cuttings are placed on walls and doors during celebrations . Nanjing Folk Custom Museum  Gan 's Grand Courtyard  , Zhongshan South Road , Bai Xia District , Nanjing Velvet flowers Zhao Shu-xian is the only acclaimed velvet flower artist in China . During Sun Chen 's recent visit to his Nanjing studio , he was found cutting tiny pieces from a long black stick of velvet , and using them as the noses and eyes of the mini-velvet pandas he was making . "  Master Zhao does n't like talking about his background , he would rather stick to art , " says Chen of his visit with the artist . Sharing a similar pronunciation as the word for "  prosperity " in Chinese , rong-hua  velvet flower  is seen as a lucky charm in China , especially during weddings and festivals . The Chinese word for velvet flowers actually refers to all figures made from thin copper sticks covered with silk velvet . With their delicate and elegant features , they became especially popular as accessories among royal and noble families in ancient China . The folk craft prospers in Nanjing thanks to the generous supply of silk scraps left from making brocade -- another well established handicraft in Nanjing . To make silk velvet flowers , the silk is boiled to soften its texture before being dyed . Then , it 's rolled evenly onto thin copper wires . The velvet sticks are twisted into different shapes . Zhao has been making velvet flowers for more than 40 years and is keen to modernize the art 's image . So far so good -- Chinese actress Yao Xing-tong wore one of his pieces on her red carpet dress at Cannes in 2012 . Nanjing Folk Custom Museum  Gan 's Grand Courtyard  , Zhongshan South Road , Bai Xia District , Nanjing Yunjin  Brocade Nanjing 's silk brocade is known as "  yunjin " in Chinese , meaning "  beautiful as clouds at sunset . " It 's extremely difficult to make . A craft dating back more than 1,500 years , silk brocade is still produced with an old-fashioned wooden weaving machine . The four-meter-high machine is operated by two craftsmen at the same time -- one sits on top of the machine sorting threads while another sits at the other end and weaves . A team can produce only five centimeters of yunjin per day . The handicraft is another named to UNESCO 's Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity list in 2009 . Nanjing Brocade Museum , 240 Chating Dong St. , Jianye District , Nanjing Lantern-making In the first lunar month of every year , master Cao Zhen-rong and his studio are responsible for creating some 10,000 lanterns for Nanjing 's Lunar New Year celebration . Cao started making lanterns when he was 12 , under the guidance of his father . "  From sourcing the materials to gluing the lanterns , around 30 procedures are involved in making each lantern , " says Cao . Since the Southern Dynasty  420-589  , the area in front of the Confucius Temple along Qinhuai River has been famous for putting on the most festive lantern show in the country . As a Chinese folk belief goes -- one that Nanjingers proudly recite -- "  Qinhuai 's lanterns triumph the world . " Lantern viewing is still one of the most popular things to do during the festival . Each year , Cao and his studio begin working on next year 's lanterns on the 18th day of the first lunar month . The staff were in the midst of preparing lanterns for 2015 , the Year of the Sheep , during photographer Sun Chen 's visit , but he says they were kept under wraps . No sneak peeks allowed . Lanterns are sold in the market around Confucius Temple and can be seen in the area during the Lunar New Year festival . Gold leaf "  There were gold leaves everywhere in the studio , " says Sun of his visit to one of Nanjing 's gold leaf workshops . "  I have never seen that much gold in my life . " The Jiangning district of Nanjing , where gold leaf is produced , has officially been dubbed "  China 's gold leaf city . " Nanjing reportedly produces 70 % of China 's and 60 % of the world 's gold leaf . To make the leaves , a gold cube has to go through a dozen processes to reach its 0.12-millimeter thinness . A gram of gold can be hammered into a 0.47 square-meter gold leaf . Finished gold leaves are used to plaster the surfaces of Buddhist sculptures in temples . They also have various uses from architecture to even food . Sun Chen is a photographer based in Nanjing . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports .	China 's ancient capital , Nanjing is home to many endangered folk crafts Craftsmen at Jinling Buddhism Publishing House engrave sutras on wooden blocks used for scroll printing Zhang Fang-lin 's paper-cutting mastery earned him the nickname "  Jinling Holy Scissorhand " Nanjing 's silk brocade is called "  yunjin " in Chinese -- which means "  beautiful as clouds at sunset "
CNN  -- Mexico saw the first public protests this weekend over the government 's decision to allow cultivation of the first genetically modified corn , which environmentalists and others say could ruin the nation 's native crop . A Greenpeace banner protesting genetically modified corn hangs on a Mexico City monument on Sunday . About 45 Greenpeace activists hung a black banner and protest signs Sunday at the Angel of Independence , a victory column in a busy traffic circle on one of Mexico City 's major thoroughfares . It is one of Mexico City 's most recognized monuments . "  Today , the Angel of Independence is in mourning to demand that the Mexican government protect our principal nourishment -- corn , " said Aleira Lara , a Greenpeace leader at the protest . The nation 's agriculture and environment departments approved two permits last week from among 35 applications to grow the controversial crop . Unlike traditional crops , which are modified through selective breeding , genetically modified crops are engineered by having changes introduced into their DNA . Genetic engineering can improve desired traits such as nutritional content or resistance to herbicides , pests and disease . The modifications also can increase tolerance for cold and drought . Other genetically modified crops include soybeans , cotton and papayas . Critics of the technique say they worry about the effect on consumers , other crops and the environment . Germany earlier this year banned a genetically modified strain of corn , saying the government wanted to protect the safety of consumers and the environment . Mexico said the genetically modified crops are in an experimental phase and will be planted on plots controlled by the government and isolated from other crops . The new crops also will be planted in states that do not grow native corn , which is a major staple of the Mexican diet . Corn is grown on about one-third of the country 's cultivated land , mostly in central Mexico . But the Mexican protesters said they fear the genetically modified corn could harm the nation 's 55 varieties of native corn . "  Without corn , there is no country , " some protesters said . The slogan rhymes in Spanish : "  Sin maiz , no hay pais . " Two scientific studies have determined that transgenic corn has already contaminated some native Mexican corn fields . In 2001 , a study in the journal Nature reported that transgenic DNA had been found in traditional corn crops in the state of Oaxaca . Earlier this year , research published in the journal Molecular Ecology also found genetically modified corn contamination of native Mexican corn . Signs hung on statues at the protest said : "  Our corn first , traitors " and "  Transgenic corn : End to independence . " Greenpeace and other critics say that modified corn would kill off independent growers , because they would have to buy their seed from one of four businesses that own the patents . "  Farmers will be beholden to those companies when their fields are contaminated and no producer will be able to plant his seed , like they do now , because they will have to pay royalties to those corporations to plant again , " protest leader Lara said . In its February article , Molecular Ecology said that most of the current crop in the nation comes from private supplies of seed . "  Maize is a staple food in Mexico , with a pivotal place in the country 's past and present economic , cultural and agricultural spheres , " the article says in its introduction . "  In contrast to the United States and Europe , commercial seed sources account for only one-fourth of the maize seed planted in Mexico . Furthermore , Mexican maize is mostly grown by smallholder farmers who obtain seed from their own harvest or from other farmers . " Molecular Ecology also points out , though , that the "  introduction of transgenic maize has resulted in an increase in maize production . " And it is that increase in production that lies at the heart of Mexico 's decision to allow the two test permits , analysts say . "  Mexico is a net importer of corn from the United States , " said Bruce Bagley , chairman of the University of Miami Graduate School of International Studies . Mexico grows two types of corn : yellow , which is similar to that grown in the United States , and white , which is native to Mexico . The native white corn amounts to roughly 90 percent of the nation 's production . Yellow corn makes up the remaining 10 percent . White corn is used for human consumption while yellow corn is used primarily for animal feed . An increase in meat and chicken consumption in Mexico in the past decade has led to greater demand for yellow corn for animal feed . Unable to meet this demand , Mexico has had to import about 89 percent of the corn it needs for feed , says the U.S. Agriculture Department . And 99.8 percent of that corn comes from the United States , the department says . "  Mexico wants to produce enough crops so they do n't have to import foods , " said Susan Kaufman Purcell , director of the Center for Hemispheric Policy at the University of Miami . "  Greater yields will lead to not having to import as much food from the United States . " There are other factors , such as increasingly common food shortages throughout the world that have driven up prices . The price of corn , for example , has more than doubled since 2007 . That prompted about 70,000 people to take to the streets of Mexico last year to protest the price of tortillas , which jumped through the roof in January 2008 . "  Mexico is feeling the pangs of food insecurity , " Bagley said . Greater corn production and less importation also would ease the nation 's balance of payments . Bagley also sees another reason why Mexico may have allowed introduction of the genetically modified corn . The United States has pressured Mexico strongly to accept the modified crop , Bagley said . Mexico has acquiesced due to provisions in the North American Free Trade Agreement . But if the experimental plots lead to greater contamination of native crops , Bagley said , Mexico could have the legal grounds to refuse widespread importation of the new corn . Greenpeace does n't want to wait that long . The global environmental organization asked Mexico for an immediate moratorium on the use of the transgenic corn . There has been no indication they 're likely to get it any time soon .	Mexico last week approved two applications to grow genetically modified corn Greenpeace , other environmentalists say the altered crops could ruin native corn Government says modified crops are an experiment , will be isolated from other fields Studies show transgenic corn has already contaminated some Mexican corn fields
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- Honduras , the country with the world 's highest murder rate , is backing talks between its two most violent gangs in search of a truce . The Mara Salvatrucha and Calle 18 gangs gave separate statements from a prison in San Pedro Sula on Tuesday , asking forgiveness from the public for the violence and declaring a cease-fire . Gang members spoke with their faces covered with bandanas to disguise their identities as they pushed for peace . "  We are going to start now . ... We have now spent more than a decade being always involved in crime and mistreatment , which has also affected us , and what we want is peace , " a representative of the Calle 18 gang told reporters . But a deal between the long-warring gangs is n't yet on the table . "  We can not have a truce with other people who do not think like we do , " a representative of the Mara Salvatrucha said from the prison inside a city that has been described as the world 's murder capital . "  We are going to respect their territory , but let them also respect our territory , so that the violence decreases , " a Calle 18 representative said . The gangs already reached a truce in neighboring El Salvador , and officials there claim the murder rate has dropped dramatically . Honduran leaders hope for the same . Gang members who spoke from the prison on Tuesday said they wanted the government to help them find work . "  They want to reconcile with Honduran society and ask for forgiveness from the Honduran people , and I think it is a step forward , " said San Pedro Sula Bishop Romulo Emiliani , who first revealed the talks a week ago . "  What is coming is difficult . It is not easy . It is complicated . " But despite the difficulties of negotiations , Emiliani told the Honduran newspaper La Prensa that down the line , "  depending on certain factors , there may be a truce between the two gangs . " On Monday , Honduran President Porfirio Lobo gave the government 's backing . Lobo said he called Emiliani to "  express my congratulations and my appreciation in name of the people of Honduras . " The Organization of American States , through Secretary for Multidimensional Security Adam Blackwell , is also participating in the process . "  We have talked to my knowledge for the past eight months , trying to find the same type of reaction as we have in El Salvador , " Blackwell said Tuesday . According to the United Nations , in 2011 , Honduras had the highest murder rate in the world , at 91.6 killings per 100,000 people . That same year , El Salvador registered the second-highest murder rate , at 69.2 killings per 100,000 . These most recent statistics from the United Nations do not reflect the impact of the gang truce in El Salvador , but officials there say it is significant . According the Salvadoran government , the number of murders has fallen by 52 % since the truce was signed 14 months ago . The average number of killings fell from 13 per day to 6 per day . According to a U.S. State Department travel warning , however , the truce has had little impact on robbery , assaults and other violent crime . READ MORE : Inside San Pedro Sula , the ` murder capital ' of the world PHOTOS : Deadly violence grips Honduras Journalists Elvin Sandoval reported from Tegucigalpa , Honduras . CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta . Journalist Merlin Delcid in San Salvador , El Salvador , and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : "  What we want is peace , " a member of one of the country 's most violent gangs says Honduras has the highest murder rate in the world , according to the U.N. The two most violent gangs will begin talks for a possible truce A similar truce in El Salvador has significantly reduced the number of murders
CNN  -- Diageo drinks maker owns beverage alcohol brands across spirits , wine and beer categories including Smirnoff , Johnnie Walker , Captain Morgan , Baileys , J&B , Jose Cuervo , Tanqueray , Guinness , Crown Royal , Beaulieu Vineyard and Sterling Vineyards wines , and Bushmills Irish whiskey . Diageo owns brands including Smirnoff , Jose Cuervo , Tanqueray and Guinness . In 1997 Grand Metropolitan merged with Guinness UDV , the brewing company most famous for its dark stout beer . The combined company was dubbed Diageo , a name that merged the Latin for "  day " with the Greek for "  earth . " At the time of the merger GrandMet owned Burger King Corporation , Pillsbury Company , and a range of drinks brands , including Baileys and Smirnoff . When Guinness and GrandMet merged to form Diageo in 1997 , GrandMet had a market cap of $ 1.64 billion . Today Diageo has grown to almost $ 61.5 billion . As listed in Forbes , Diageo 's sales in 2007 hit $ 13.4 billion , and its profits for the year totaled $ 3.5 billion . Today , Diageo employs 72,000 people across more than 200 markets worldwide .	Diageo was the result of the merger of Guinness and Grand Metropolitan The company boasts brands such as Smirnoff , Baileys and Jose Cuervo Diageo employs 72,000 people across more than 200 markets worldwide
English Premier League club Liverpool have agreed a $ 36 million deal with Ajax for Uruguay striker Luis Suarez . Liverpool have been haggling with the Dutch outfit over the fee for several days but both announced on their websites that negotiations had proven successful on Friday . The Reds have now been given permission to discuss personal terms with Suarez and will aim to complete the transfer before the European transfer window closes on January 31 . Liverpool reject Chelsea 's bid for Fernando Torres A statement on the official Ajax website read : "  Ajax and Liverpool have reached an agreement over the transfer of Luis Suarez . "  He will make the move to the English club immediately . The deal is worth up to a total of $ 26.5 million  $ 36 million  . " Suarez has n't played a league game for Ajax since November last year after he was banned for seven matches for biting an opponent . The 24-year-old was infamously sent off during the World Cup quarterfinal against Ghana in July after saving a goal-bound attempt with his hands . His switch would mark the first signing Kenny Dalglish has made since he returned to Liverpool as manager . The Scot previously won eight league titles as a Reds player and manager . Liverpool posted a statement on their website that read : "  Liverpool Football Club announced this afternoon that they had agreed a fee of up to $ 26.5 million  $ 36 million  with Ajax for the transfer of Luis Suarez , subject to the completion of a medical . "  The club have now been given permission by Ajax to discuss personal terms with the player and his representatives . " The deal comes on the same day Liverpool revealed they had turned down a multi-million dollar offer from Chelsea for Spain striker Fernando Torres .	English Premier League club Liverpool agree a deal with Ajax to sign Luis Suarez Fee for the 24-year-old Uruguay striker is $ 36 million Suarez will now discuss personal terms with Liverpool
CNN  -- A missing 5-year-old Florida girl was most likely abducted from her home in rural Florida , police said Wednesday . Haleigh Cummings , 5 , went missing Monday night from her home near Orlando , police said . Haleigh Cummings has been missing since 3 a.m. Tuesday , when her father 's girlfriend called 911 to say the child had vanished from her Putnam County home . "  There 's no longer any reason to believe that the child simply wandered outside , " said Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Maj. Gary Bowling . The police must "  assume abduction , " he said . "  All the answers to why you 'd want to take a 5-year-old are ugly , " Bowling said . Police have no official suspects , but are treating everyone they interview as one . "  All the world 's a suspect " now , Bowling said . Hear the frantic 911 call " A nationwide Amber Alert says the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear . Police plan to use infrared aviation technology after dark Wednesday in their search . "  She 's a 5-year-old child , and she 's afraid of the dark , " Bowling said . On Monday night , Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend , 17-year-old Misty Croslin , was watching Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother , police said . Croslin put Haleigh to bed at 8 p.m. and then went to bed herself at 10 p.m. , they said . Croslin told police she woke up at 3 a.m. and discovered Haleigh missing . Croslin then called 911 and told a dispatcher that she found a brick on the floor of the family 's double-wide trailer , according to CNN affiliate WJXT-TV . The station 's Web site printed the text of the 911 call , which included this exchange : Dispatch : OK . All right , you said your back door was wide open ? Caller : Yes , with a brick . Like , there was a brick on the floor . Like , when I went to sleep the door was not like that . The brick was actually holding open the door to the trailer , Putnam County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Johnny Greenwood told CNN . Croslin is staying with relatives as the investigation continues , said Bowling , describing the girlfriend as a "  child herself . " Earlier Wednesday , Cummings pleaded for his daughter 's safe return . "  All I want is my child ... please ... all I want is my child , " he said , his voice breaking . On Wednesday , Haleigh 's maternal grandmother , Marie Griffis , told reporters that she feared the worst . "  She 's out there somewhere , I can feel her . I can feel her presence , " Griffis told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV . "  She 's screaming . " Watch grandparents plead for girl 's return " Haleigh 's mother , Crystal Sheffield , wept as she stood in front of reporters . "  I just want whoever 's got her to bring her home , " the girl 's mother said . "  That 's all I want , is my baby home . " Watch mother 's tearful plea " Griffis said that her daughter and Ronald Cummings had a "  rocky relationship " and that the two took turns spending weekends with their daughter . Sheffield lives near the Florida-Georgia line and has been interviewed by law enforcement , according to police . Investigators are looking into various angles of the case , including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a five-mile radius of the Cummings home , Greenwood said . Though that number may sound high , it includes both Putnam and Palatka counties , which are separated by the St. Johns River , the law enforcement spokesman told CNN . Police are offering but not requiring all those interviewed in the case to take polygraph tests . Anyone with any information is encouraged to call the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office at 386-329-0800 or the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's Missing Endangered Persons Information Clearinghouse at 888-FL-MISSING .	NEW : "  All the world 's a suspect " now , police say Haleigh Cummings was reported missing at 3 a.m. Tuesday , police say Father 's 17-year-old girlfriend was caring for Haleigh on Monday night , police say The girl 's father says he believes someone snatched the child from her bed
CNN  -- Take your thumb and hold it out directly in front of you , away from your face . Now close the left eye . Open it and close the right eye . Your thumb appears to have moved , even though you did n't move it with your arm . Three-D technology capitalizes on this effect , taking advantage of the brain 's ability to fuse two images into one . Those glasses that you have to wear when watching something in 3-D are basically helping your brain interpret two flat images as one object that has depth . With the success of "  Avatar , " a cluster of 3-D movies , including "  Alice in Wonderland " and "  How to Train Your Dragon " , are making their mark in Hollywood . Martin Scorsese recently announced plans to direct a 3-D film later this year . Nintendo also announced plans for a 3-D gaming console , the 3DS . Many electronics companies have 3-D television models , bringing the opportunity for this enhanced viewing into the home as networks begin to air more 3-D programming . Comcast 's 3-D channel aired the Masters Golf Tournament earlier this month , and ESPN plans to launch a 3-D sports network this year . But doctors say that for eyes unaccustomed to watching 3-D for hours every day , there are some dangers , including mild symptoms such as disorientation and , in rare cases , seizures . The Samsung 3D LED TV comes with a substantial health warning . It cautions that certain flashing images or lights could induce epileptic seizure or stroke , and that "  motion sickness , perceptual aftereffects , disorientation , eye strain and decreased postural stability " may result . Doctors say the percentage of people who should worry about significant adverse effects is small , especially the possibility of seizure . More commonly , people may experience dizziness or other discomfort after watching something in 3-D , including a feature film . One pair of 3-D glasses to rule them all Symptoms of nausea , headache and fatigue may result because 3-D causes the eyes to move in an unnatural way , said an e-mail from Dr. Lisa Park , clinical assistant professor in the department of ophthalmology at New York University Langone Medical Center . Here 's how it works : The 3-D movie presents two slightly different perspectives of the same scene , superimposed but separated by a specific degree . Three-D glasses have a polarized filter that separates those two images , allowing each to be seen by a different eye . This happens so fast that you do n't see the transitions , said Steven Nusinowitz , associate professor of ophthalmology at the Jules Stein Eye Institute at the University of California , Los Angeles . In the brain , the two images are fused , creating the illusion of depth , he said . When you see something come toward you in the real world , your eyes slightly cross toward each other . At the same time , the lenses change shape in order to keep the object in focus as it moves in your direction , a process called accommodation . But when you see images on a screen , your eyes try to align the two images , but not "  accommodate , " because the object is not actually moving toward you . "  The movie is telling you ` Hey , I 'm moving around in this scene , ' but your vestibular system is telling you , ` I 'm not moving anywhere , ' and that disconnect will make you feel sick , for some people , " Nusinowitz said . Read about 3-D at CES For those with certain underlying conditions , the artificial environment of a 3-D movie strains the ocular system , so when you take off the glasses it can be disorienting , said Dr. Norman Saffra , director of ophthalmology at Maimonides Medical Center in New York . People whose eyes are not perfectly aligned , or who have a weak eye muscle , will not be able to see in 3-D , Saffra said . Strabismus , a condition in which the eyes point in different directions , can be an impediment to seeing 3-D . Some people with amblyopia , or lazy eye , may also miss out on the depth perception effect when wearing 3-D glasses . Why I ca n't watch 3-D TV Nusinowitz himself gets dizzy watching 3-D movies because his eyes have very different refractive errors -- he needs different prescription strengths in each lens of glasses . Still , based on experiences with patients , he said he believes he 's in the minority . "  I 'm willing to say that 80 percent of people will not have problems , " he said . As for long-term effects of watching 3-D television instead of regular television , no one knows for sure because it 's too new . Park is concerned about serious consequences for children who watch 3-D television for long periods of time -- "  a continuous abnormal stimulus may possibly have long-term effects that are yet to be studied , " she said .	In 3-D movies , glasses help the brain fuse two images , creating the illusion of depth Symptoms of nausea , headache and fatigue may result when eyes move unnaturally People with certain eye conditions can not see in 3-D
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- President Obama has recently blasted the influx of money from undisclosed donors flowing into the midterm campaigns . He repeated a claim , which major media outlets have not been able to substantiate , that foreign funds may have been used in the United States . At a recent rally in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the president said "  American people deserve to know who is trying to sway their elections . " "  You do n't know : It could be the oil industry . It could even be foreign-owned corporations . You do n't know because they do n't have to disclose . " In making these attacks Obama is returning to a central theme that animated his 2008 campaign : the need to change the campaign finance system . As a candidate , Obama railed against the way that money influenced politics . He reiterated a long-standing theme of reform-candidates that unless the political process changed , policies would remain the same and Americans would never gain confidence in their government . But Obama broke from these principles almost as soon as he made the argument . During the campaign , Obama disappointed many campaign reform advocates when he announced that he would not use public funds in the general election campaign so that he could raise an unlimited amount of money in his race against Sen. John McCain . In 2004 , President George W. Bush and Sen. John Kerry dealt a blow to the public finance system when they did n't use public funds in their primary election campaigns . But Obama took this decision a step further , rendering one of the more successful Watergate-era reforms ineffective . Ironically , when he announced his decision he said , "  If we do n't stand together , the broken system we have now , a system where special interests drown out the voices of the American people will continue to erode our politics and prevent the possibility of real change . That 's why we must act . The stakes are higher than ever , and people are counting on us . " His campaign then raised an unprecedented amount of money , much of which came from large donors . After starting his presidency , Obama showed minimal interest in reform . He left the "  broken system " alone . Obama shelved substantive campaign reform proposals as he turned his attention to the economic crisis , health care reform and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . Obama 's actions followed a pattern of candidates running on campaign finance reform as an issue , then putting it aside once they get into office . Who wants to anger powerful interest groups and donors right before taking on their policy agenda ? The president 's plate , moreover , was so full from day one that it was a lot to ask him to take on something as charged as campaign finance . Nonetheless , at the moment when the president arguably had the most political capital to move forward with an issue as difficult as campaign finance reform , Obama succumbed to these familiar and predictable fears . There have been a few exceptional moments when presidents acted differently . In 1978 , for instance , President Jimmy Carter followed through on his promise to try to clean up government in the wake of Watergate . He supported legislation that created stricter ethics rules for executive branch officials and established the Office of the Independent Counsel to investigate alleged corruption . While the reforms turned out to be flawed and produced numerous unintended consequences , Carter 's actual choice in 1978 marked an unusual moment when a president took reform seriously . Carter 's reform built on the historic campaign finance reforms that Congress passed in 1974 . Not only did Obama downplay campaign finance reform , but he subsequently embraced a legislative strategy that depended on cutting deals with powerful interest groups such as the pharmaceutical industry so that lobbyists would "  buy into " legislation rather than oppose it . The strategy worked politically with health care reform although , according to Ryan Lizza 's recent account in The New Yorker , it weakened the chances for passing climate change legislation through the Senate . The Supreme Court 's Citizen United decision was certainly damaging to reform efforts . So too were many other factors , such as Federal Election Commission decisions and tax laws that have allowed donors to contribute large amounts of funds without disclosure . President Obama , however , certainly should n't claim to be an innocent bystander . While he has pushed for significant lobbying and transparency reforms , the major reform groups concluded in January 2010 that the "  Obama administration has not pursued public policy reforms in the campaign finance area . " Both parties have stood silent as the nation 's campaign finance system erodes . At best they have supported relatively mild reforms like the McCain-Feingold legislation , that have left huge holes for money to flow into the system -- and which was weakened by another Supreme Court decision in 2006 . According to Craig Holman of the nonprofit group Public Citizen , "  This is a low point for the campaign finance reform movement -- I 've never seen it lower . " This a difficult challenge given that the conservative majority on the Supreme Court is clearly hostile toward reform . But the president and Congress must consider stronger regulatory mechanisms and the possibility of restoring a system of public finance for campaigns . Until presidents and congressional leaders decide to make campaign finance reform a priority issue the relationship between money and politics wo n't change . This is unfortunate since the way that politics works profoundly influences the type of policies that government can produce . The power of money in politics was there for all to see when interest groups were able to gut key cost control measures during the health care debate . Like most presidents before him , both Democrats and Republicans , Obama is now witnessing the consequences of accepting the status quo , and the flow of money is only likely to grow . As Jan Baran , a former general counsel for the Republican National Committee told The New York Times , "  This year is practice for 2012 . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	President Obama is criticizing influx of campaign money from undisclosed donors Julian Zelizer says Obama campaigned in 2008 for finance reform Once in office , president dropped the issue to focus on other things , Zelizer says Obama chose to live within existing system rather than reform it , he says
CNN  -- Lionel Messi continued his sensational scoring form with a hat-trick as Barcelona set a new Spanish record of 16 successive league victories on Saturday . The two-time world player of the year netted all three goals against Atletico Madrid to take his total to the season in all competitions to a staggering 40 . The Argentina forward also moved one ahead of Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo 's previous leading La Liga tally of 23 . Real 's 1960-61 team , spearheaded by Argentina-born Alfredo Di Stefano , held the previous record . Josep Guardiola 's team went 10 points clear of Real , who host Real Sociedad on Sunday , and have now scored 70 goals from 22 league matches -- the most of any team in the main European divisions . Barca have also conceded only 11 times in that period , and the closest they came to a 12th against Atletico at Camp Nou was when Gerard Pique cleared off the line from Felipe Luis with the score at 2-0 . Messi broke the deadlock in the 17th minute as he cut in from the right in trademark fashion and fired a left-foot shot from the edge of the box across goalkeeper David de Gea . The 23-year-old doubled the lead in the 28th minute , pouncing after David Villa 's threaded pass bounced kindly into his path . The forward duo combined again for the third with 11 minutes to play , with Messi this time teeing up Villa and then reacting fastest when the Spain international 's shot rebounded off the legs of De Gea . It was Messi 's first hat-trick of 2011 , coming off his six in the previous calendar year . He is now on course to easily surpass last season 's tally of 47 with more than two months left to play . Messi also hit the crossbar with a second-half free-kick , but was booked for taking it too quickly . The result left Atletico in seventh place on goal difference above Getafe , who won 4-1 at home to Deportivo La Coruna earlier on Saturday . Villarreal retained third place despite suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by Levante , who moved off the bottom thanks to Valmiro Valdo 's winning goal three minutes after halftime . The former Espanyol midfielder collected a long pass and rounded goalkeeper to inflict Villarreal 's first home defeat since May , having dropped points only once at El Madrigal this season against fourth-placed Valencia . Athletic Bilbao moved up to fifth with a 3-0 win at home to Sporting Gijon , who had defender Gregory Arnolin sent off for a second booking that led to David Lopez 's 15th-minute penalty opener . Gaizka Toquero doubled the lead in the 28th minute and striker Fernando Llorente sealed victory in the second half . The Basques leapfrogged Espanyol , whose European qualification hopes were hit by a 3-2 defeat at second-bottom Almeria . The Barcelona-based team could not come back from a 3-0 deficit inside 18 minutes . That result put Malaga , who travel to Sevilla on Sunday , at the foot of the table . Real Zaragoza were held 1-1 at home by struggling Racing Santander , while Mallorca earned the same result at Osasuna . In Italy , Udinese moved up to fifth place with a 2-0 win at home to Sampdoria as Chile midfielder Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring in the 18th minute and striker Antonio Di Natale netted his 100th league goal before halftime . Sampdoria , who sold star strikers Antonio Cassano and Giampaolo Pazzini last month , suffered a fourth consecutive defeat to be 13th in the Serie A table . Juventus lifted the pressure on coach Luigi Delneri with a 3-1 victory at Cagliari that lifted the Turin club up to seventh . January signing Alessandro Matri scored the opening two goals against his former club , while veteran striker Luca Toni came off the bench to seal victory six minutes from the end with his first for Juve . In Sunday 's top games , leaders AC Milan travel to Genoa , champions Inter Milan host Roma , second-placed Napoli are at home to Cesena and Lazio welcome Chievo .	Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid 3-0 to set new record of consecutive La Liga wins Lionel Messi nets hat-trick as Catalans surpass Real Madrid 's previous mark of 15 Third-placed Villarreal suffer first home defeat of season against lowly Levante Udinese move up to fifth place in Italy 's Serie A , while Juventus also win
CNN  -- What I learned is what we all forget : It 's more than a game . It 's easy to lose that understanding with a sport as popular , profitable and money-grubbing as football . This Saturday , TV screens will be filled with college conference title games -- even as universities race each other to new conferences in search of a higher bidder . On Sundays , the NFL 's cool efficiency can look more bloodless than its own video games , as if the real thing was now just a parlor game to bet on . But high school football remains the sport 's origin story . Despite its own set of perversions , especially during recruiting season , it 's still mostly a hyper-local , myth-making phenomenon that defines small towns , suburban communities and urban pockets across the country . Photos : 75 amazing sports moments you missed this year Two seasons ago , I spent a year in Valdosta , a quaint outpost of about 54,000 in deepest South Georgia , to write a book about that phenomenon . I embedded for a season with players , coaches , boosters and families to chronicle the rise , fall and hoped-for resurrection of the winningest high school football program in America . Under two era-spanning coaches , Valdosta High won 23 state championships and six national titles . It won so often , for so long , that it could lose every game for the next 65 seasons and still have a record above .500 . But Valdosta had n't won the state title since 1998 , the longest drought in its 100-year history , and was on its fourth coach in nine years . Like much of the rest of the country , it seemed , Valdosta was at a crossroad . This was a place that once held the funeral for one of its most revered coaches inside the football stadium , where nearly 8,000 mourners gazed out at an open casket set on the 50-yard line . The current coach holds his weekly radio show inside a barbecue palace called The Smokin ' Pig , run by one of the 21 former Wildcats descended from the same O'Neal . Season tickets are passed down in wills , if they 're passed down at all . During a wake a couple years ago for one longtime fan , six tickets for the next home game were spotted in the open casket . But stuff like that can be written off as garden variety , Southern Gothic eccentricity . The players wanted to talk to me about why they went out there on Friday nights and what football meant to them . That 's when the game 's mysterious inner world really opened up . This was n't the sport of luxury suites , beer commercials and wardrobe malfunctions at halftime . This was football as muse , lifeline , God 's will and cultural imperative . This was the chance for some kids who 'd already run out of chances to let out one loud , lasting yelp into the wilderness -- a way to show everybody in town who they were , what they were capable of , why they mattered . "  A poet uses a pencil to express himself , " senior running back Phillip Moore tapped onto his Facebook page from his phone before one game , "  but ima football player so i use 9.5 pair of nikes on turf . " For Reggie McQueen , a defensive back and aspiring rapper , taking the field on Friday nights allowed him to watch his parents smile , talk with a dead aunt , and play a little ball beside his murdered cousin . As he and his swaggering teammates entered 11,000-seat Bazemore-Hyder Stadium  named for the school 's two late , iconic coaches  , the stage-lit carpet inside morphed into a fantastical world unlike anything he lived in the rest of the week . The first person he usually spotted in the stands was his mother , who had Reggie when she was 14 , standing and clapping and smiling . Then somewhere nearby he 'd find his father , divorced and remarried , and who Reggie mostly remembers as being in jail . Now a landscaper and a preacher , he stood and cheered for his son , too . Then came the game . Crouching in the defensive backfield before each play -- dreads spilling from his helmet , tats stamped up and down both arms -- Reggie often talked aloud to his dead cousin , gunned down a year earlier in a shootout at a public housing complex across town from the one where Reggie and his mother then lived . "  What would you do , Junior ? " he 'd say , as if his cousin was a teammate crouched beside him . Or : "  This is a big one , Junior . Let 's fly ! " Or he 'd talk to a long-dead aunt who lived with Reggie and his mother , the light of young Reggie 's life before she was murdered . The crime went unsolved until after the funeral , when police returned to her grave , dug up her coffin and found the gun used to kill her hidden beneath her corpse . Their deaths still weighed heavily on Reggie , and the football field felt like a secure , supportive place to work some of that out . Life was hard . Football was easy . "  I got a lot of people who are n't here on my back , " Reggie told me one night . "  On Friday night , they 're living through me . "  On the field , it 's my own world , " he went on . "  It 's a place where I can be myself . I do n't have to worry about anyone fussin ' . My parents come to games and I see them smile and clap their hands and stand up -- stuff like that does n't happen at home . At home , there 's always bills to pay . A tragedy . "  That 's why I 'm not just playing ball , " Reggie continued . "  It 's more than a game . It 's what I live for . When people see ballplayers , they think it 's just something they do . I 'm there because I love to be there . On the field on Friday night , I 'm doing something that loves me back -- I love it and it loves me back . " The game also gave Reggie another thing he could n't find anywhere else : a taste of immortality , no small thing on the disposable streets where he grew up . Reggie gave me a tour one night of the Ora Lee West projects he 'd lived in until his mother saved enough money to move them out . He still has relatives there and visits all the time . We left an aunt 's apartment around midnight , and as we walked back to my car Reggie spotted a group of guys loitering on a corner a block away . That used to be Reggie . It was n't anymore . Football made him want something beyond that corner . "  I seen people standing on that same corner all my life , " Reggie said . "  You can Google me . You ca n't take anyone on this street and Google them . But you can Google me . " Like Reggie , teammate Malcolm Mitchell also learned to love the game in high school , and it loved him back , too . But while Reggie 's last football game as a player was his last game as a Wildcat -- he raps full time now under the stage name Jim Rock -- Malcolm has gone on to star at wide receiver for the University of Georgia . His future looks limitless . Yet he 's already tasted immortality , too . Malcolm blossomed into a head-turning athlete his final season at Valdosta -- he wanted to quit his sophomore year until his mother talked him out of it -- and was wooed by schools across the Southeast , including Alabama and Florida . That last high school season , he told me about a voice in his head when he took the field , how it told him to anticipate something before it happened , and what to do when it came about . He said the voice had never been louder or more distinct than it was that year . He 'd given up trying to figure out what it was . He was just going with it . "  I want to say it 's God telling me that something 's going to happen , " he tried to explain , "  but it 's something telling me . " Whatever it was , it worked . Malcolm broke Valdosta 's three-decade-old record for most catches in a season . The previous record holder was Stan Rome , widely considered the greatest athlete in Valdosta 's history . Stan went on to become an NFL wide receiver , as well as the father of Jay Rome , another highly recruited Wildcat and now Malcolm 's teammate and roommate at Georgia . "  I got my way into the museum -- into the history books , " Malcolm said one afternoon after that season . "  I got to the point where I 'll always be remembered . Maybe if I make it to the NFL it 'll be bigger than this . Maybe if I make it to the Hall of Fame . But right now , people will remember me for this no matter what . " We talked a little more that afternoon about the Voice ; Malcolm detailed the dialogues that ran through his head during a half dozen critical plays that season . I then mentioned Reggie 's on-field conversations with relatives from the beyond . Malcolm just smiled . He did n't find any of it weird or unconventional . "  For an athlete who loves to play the game , it happens more than you know , " he said . "  We 're not just running around . " I knew that . Just forgot .	Author documented a season with the winningest high school football program in America He learned the game was a chance to shine for guys who 'd already run out of chances One player called the field a "  secure , supportive place "
ULAANBAATAR , Mongolia  CNN  -- Standing slightly more than 4 feet tall , 9-year-old Tuguldur proudly stated the greatest challenge he faced in a horse race across the Mongolian plains in the country 's annual Naadam Festival was serenading his horse . Young wrestlers cheer on teammates during the opening round at the Naadam Festival . "  The hardest part of the race was singing to my horse while riding , " said Tuguldur , wiping perspiration from the July sun off his face . The long-distance horse race is exclusively for children , ranging in ages from 6 to 12 . Riding up to 30 kilometers  19 miles  , these children maneuver their galloping steeds on a thin saddle pad that often does not have stirrups . "  Mongolians believe they can communicate with their horses through singing , and their horse will go faster , " said Tamir , a senior at Mongolian University . "  This is why the kids must keep singing during the race . " Singing to racing horses is just one part of Mongolia 's Naadam Festival , an annual event believed to have existed for centuries , and rivaling the Olympics as the premier sporting event in the central Asian nation . "  For us Mongolians , the Naadam Festival is what we look forward to all year , " said Dashtsogtsol Erdenetuya , who has competed in the Naadam Festival for the past 22 years . "  It is our tradition and a reminder of an ancient way of life . Getting gold in this festival brings as much honor as any Olympic medal . " Held every July , the Naadam Festival was possibly founded as long ago as 800 years ago by Genghis Khan . The festival is believed to have started as a way for Mongols to train for military and hunting expeditions . Today , it formally commemorates the 1921 revolution when Mongolia declared itself a free country . Many of Naadam 's customs , which include wearing traditional clothes and singing hymns once sung in battle , are still followed , a sign of the importance of the festival . "  In the Naadam Festival , everyone knows who you are ; many companies will sponsor you , and if you win , you can become the face of the country , " said Nasanbat Oyunbat , director of the Mongolian Olympic National Team . "  The Olympics are only now becoming popular in Mongolia and were televised for the first time in the 2004 Games in Athens . " "  The horses in the Naadam Festival have higher endurance than the horses that will compete in the Olympic Equestrian events in August , " bragged Edward Rochette , an American lawyer who married a Mongolian woman and is living in Ulaanbaatar . "  Most thoroughbreds would die if you ran them for 30 km . The Mongolian horses have been running across these plains for hundreds of years and have developed the correct body type for this kind of sport . " Rochette 's wife 's family lives in a yurt  round animal skin tent  , owns more than 1,500 and entered 20 horses in the three-day race competition this year , which was visited by thousands of tourists . "  I was overwhelmed watching the clouds of dust rise across the prairie as the horses galloped to the finish line , " explained Miep Thulijls , a tourist from Holland . "  I could not believe these tiny kids could ride for so long and was terrified when I saw one of the children fall off his horse like a rag doll . " The age limit was raised from 4 to 6 after a child was killed in a race a few years ago . Only small children are allowed to compete in this event because they are particularly light . The kids are generally rewarded with warm mare 's milk and candy while the horse owners get money and sometimes even cars . Wrestling without weight limits Mongolian wrestling has no weight divisions ; a time limit was only introduced after a match went on for more than four hours . Wrestlers compete in single elimination events and are weeded down from 512 participants during nine rounds of competition . "  It is more difficult to wrestle the little guys because they are so quick , " complained Gantogtokh , who at 130 kilos  286 pounds  is an eighth-generation wrestler . His father placed second in Judo in the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico . Dressed in tight blue shorts and a half shirt , which is usually red or blue , the wrestlers dance around the judges in slow graceful sways and then pay homage to the nine flags dating back to Genghis Khan before and after each match . It is rumored that the dress code , which requires wrestlers to compete without shirts was imposed after a female participated in the event disguised as a man . Many of the male athletes who compete in the free style wrestling and judo events in the Olympic Games were once Naadam Festival winners . But , the Olympic gold medal hopeful this year is a female Judo wrestler . "  Each generation of wrestlers gets stronger as they have more opportunities to work out , " Gantogtokh said . "  I hope this year we will bring home a gold in Judo and wrestling . But , the competition is going to be tough . " Arrows to anklebones Other athletes participated in archery and anklebone shooting . "  This has always been my dream , " beamed Dashtsogtsol Erdenetuya , 36 , who has competed in the Naadam Festival for the past 22 years . "  I placed second the past three years and finally came in first this time . My mother was a champion in 1969 and 1975 and taught me everything I know about archery . " Archery is usually the only event in which women compete . Men shoot from 75 meters and women from 65 meters . Mongolians sing to the archers and stand on either side of the targets . The singers , dressed in elaborate decor , sing three different types of songs , including an invitational song and songs that recognize a good or bad shot . Famous for his ability to shoot backward on horseback , Genghis Khan created the sport of anklebone shooting to strengthen the middle finger of his soldiers , so they would be better skilled in archery . Anklebone shooting is the newest event in the Naadam Festival , only becoming an official sport in 2000 . "  The game is becoming more modern now , " explained Khatanbator , 56 , an anklebone participant . " Competitors now use pieces of deer antler instead of anklebones . It is easier on the wrist to flick than anklebones . But , everyone still refers to the sport as anklebone shooting because it has been this way for hundreds of years . " The competitors are divided into teams of eight who compete against each other . The first to knock all the deer chips down wins . "  People cheer for the other competitor like fans would in a soccer game , " explained Berkfat Tumenjin , a Mongolian tour guide . "  While the singing in other events is used to encourage competitors , the singing in this event is used to distract them . "	Naadam Festival is held every July in Mongolia Competition 's events have origins in military , hunting training Naadam in the most widely watched festival in Mongolia
CNN  -- Our favorite Sunday of the year will arrive on February 2 , and we 're already armed with snacks and snark to dissect the best part of Super Bowl XLVIII : its commercials . There will be the usual deluge of movie trailers -- expect to see clips for Darren Aronofsky 's "  Noah " movie as well as Kevin Costner 's "  Draft Day " -- plus the ad spots shilling beer , M&M s and everything else . Here are seven clips that we 're looking forward to watching all over again : Budweiser 's puppy love C'mon people . This has small furry creatures , adoption and interspecies bonding . We 've long awaited the moment when the Super Bowl gives up on football and just makes the Puppy Bowl the main event , and we consider this Budweiser commercial to be the first step toward that glorious day . The Muppets steal a car The Muppets are mostly around for fun , but they often sneak in a lesson or two while they 're at it . With their Super Bowl commercial , they impart a very useful one : do not , under any circumstances , pull over for a Muppets bus -- unless you want them to hijack your car .  On the other hand , if your car is hijacked by Muppets , at least you 'll get a groovy song out of it . Anna Kendrick 's ` non-Super Bowl ' Super Bowl commercial We love this Newcastle Brown Ale ad for so many reasons , but we 're only going to give you our top three : 1  It stars Anna Kendrick . 2  It stars Anna Kendrick basically giving the "  am I beer commercial hot ? " monologue we give ourselves every morning . 3  It stars Anna Kendrick giving the only appropriate response to that : "  I mean I 'm hot ... But like ... beer commercial hot ? No . But I love a challenge . " The ` Full House ' reunion We have n't seen Bob Saget , Dave Coulier and John Stamos -- aka "  Full House 's " Danny Tanner , Uncle Joey and Uncle Jesse -- together like this since "  Full House " went off the air almost 19 years ago , so excuse us while we 're going to soak up as much of this minireunion as possible . If we 're lucky , maybe Saget and Coulier will join Stamos in his Dannon Oikos spokesman duties full-time . ` Draft day ' trailer If the marketing team behind Kevin Costner 's upcoming dramedy "  Draft Day " did n't find a way to advertise during the Super Bowl , we 'd question their devotion to the job . The film , directed by Ivan Reitman and also starring Jennifer Garner and Ellen Burstyn , features Costner as the general manager of the Cleveland Browns as he grapples with the responsibility of having the No. 1 draft pick . We 're getting shades of "  Jerry Maguire " from this movie , and we like it . ` Noah ' trailer Admittedly , the promotion for "  Noah " is a bit of a downer  #TheFloodIsComing ? That 's a great thought to have during the Super Bowl  , but we ca n't help but be excited to see what Darren Aronofsky 's going to do with this classic Biblical story . Stars include Russell Crowe , Jennifer Connelly and Emma Watson . The film will arrive in theaters on March 28 . Ellen 's Beats Music commercial , with bears Ellen DeGeneres is a self-described fan of the new Beats Music app , and she shot a Super Bowl ad to show just how much she loves it . Playing what appears to be a modern-day Goldilocks who likes to hang out at a place called The Woods  we think we 've been there ...  , DeGeneres grooves to pop music with some hipster bears . Which commercials are you looking forward to watching on Sunday ? Are you a Super Bowl ad expert ?	Part of the fun of the Super Bowl is watching the ads A number of them have been released before the big game These seven are ones we ca n't wait to watch again
CNN  -- Liverpool won the first heavyweight clash of the English Premier League season as an Aaron Ramsey own goal and a late strike from substitute Luis Suarez gave Kenny Dalglish 's men a 2-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium Saturday . The opener after 78 minutes owed much to good fortune as Uruguay international Suarez was attempting to flick the ball back and it cannoned off the young Welsh international Ramsey and into the net . Moments before , Arsenal had been reduced to 10 men as Emmanuel Frimpong was shown red for a second yellow card , the second dismissal of the campaign for Arsene Wenger 's men with Gervinho going in the 0-0 draw at Newcastle last week . Blog : What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? A man short and with 12 minutes remaining , Arsenal were finally sunk as Raul Meireles set up his fellow replacement Suarez for an easy tap-in . In a game of few chances , Pepe Reina in the Liverpool goal was rarely tested , but had to save sharply from Frimpong in the first half and from Robin van Persie midway through the second half . Liverpool striker Andy Carroll had a shot that glanced the woodwork , while Stewart Downing tested home keeper Wojciech Szczesny . Defeat capped a miserable week for the Gunners , who have seen star midfielder Cesc Fabregas depart to Barcelona , while Samir Nasri , who started against Liverpool , is linked with a move to Manchester City . But for Dalglish , it has been an excellent start to the season . "  Obviously we are delighted it is a very difficult place to come that everyone knows about , " he told Sky Sports . Blog : When will Wenger end this transfer insanity ? "  I thought it was a fantastic game of football -- we are delighted to have won , we probably just about deserved it . We never lost a goal which is good for a start . " Chelsea 's 2-1 home win over West Bromwich Albion was the other highlight of Saturday 's action , their first win under new manager Andre Villas-Boas . His team trailed to a shock early goal from Shane Long and WBA might have been further ahead at halftime . But the Blues responded after the break and goals from French pair Nicolas Anelka and Florent Malouda gave them the three points . In the other lunchtime kickoff , Newcastle continued their encouraging start to the campaign with a 1-0 win over Sunderland in a north-east derby . Ryan Taylor 's 62nd minute goal from a free kick was enough to give Alan Pardew 's team local bragging rights and to rub salt into the wound home defender Phil Bardsley was sent off in the last minute for a foul on Fabricio Coloccini . Later in the afternoon , Aston Villa beat Blackburn 3-1 at Villa Park and QPR hit back after their opening day defeat to win 1-0 at Everton . Swansea and Wigan were goalless in the first English Premier League game to be played in Wales . Champions Manchester United host Tottenham Hotspur on Monday night .	Liverpool beat Arsenal 2-0 at the Emirates Stadium in English Premier League An own goal from Aaron Ramsey and Luis Suarez strike sink Arsenal Chelsea secure first win under Andre Villas-Boas , 2-1 at home to WBA Promoted Queens Park Rangers score first EPL win at Everton
CNN  -- A New Jersey woman traveling to an explosives demonstration in California was stopped at Newark Liberty International Airport after land mine casings were found in her luggage , the Transportation Security Administration said Tuesday . TSA explosives experts were called to the checked baggage screening area in Terminal C when her suitcase set off alarms . Inside the suitcase , officials found three small claymore land mine casings . Two of them were packed with shrapnel , the TSA said in a statement . There were no explosives or detonator in the bag , the statement said . The unidentified woman , from Union , New Jersey , missed her original flight to San Francisco but was allowed to rebook her flight later -- without the weapons , the TSA said . Explosive materials and realistic replicas of explosives are not permitted on planes , the TSA said .	A checked bag at Newark Liberty International Airport tripped alarms Land mine casings were found in the bag , the TSA said The woman was traveling to an explosives demonstration , officials said
Washington  CNN  -- Ten years after the September 11th attacks , the nation still is n't fully prepared to handle another huge disaster , Lee Hamilton , one of the co-chairmen of the 9/11 Commission , said Thursday . First responders could still have problems communicating with one another , and there is confusion in some communities about who would be in charge , Hamilton told the House Homeland Security Committee . He urged quick action to solve the problems . "  We can not permit delay of this , " he said . "  We lost lives at 9/11 . We lost lives at Katrina because we were not able to get communication . " The 9/11 Commission recommended concerted action to fix the problem of responder communications , but the problem persists . "  I think it 's an urgent question and shame on us , shame on us if we have not solved this problem when the next disaster strikes , " Hamilton said . Tom Ridge , the first secretary of the Department of Homeland Security , said competing measures to deal with the problem are being considered by the House and Senate , while police and fire departments are waiting for some kind of action . "  All they want is a system , " Ridge said , " ... the opportunity to get voice and data and video over the broadband " in the event of a terror attack , natural disaster or major accident . The committee 's chairman , Rep Peter King , R-New York , said he continues to believe the answer is to set aside a block of wireless telecommunication bands for an emergency communications network . Hamilton said another concern is knowing who is in charge in the event of a disaster . He called it a "  no-brainer " but added that in metropolitan areas , where many law enforcement and rescue groups would respond in a big emergency , the lines of command are not defined . King held the hearing to assess what progress has been made since the 2001 terror attacks and what still needs to be done . He pointed the finger at Congress -- where he serves -- for not streamlining congressional oversight of the Department of Homeland Security . "  We 're sending mixed signals as far as what Congress wants in the area of homeland security , and this fragmentation , to me , is inviting , if not disaster , certainly it 's preventing law enforcement and the intelligence agencies from doing the job to the maximum , " King said . Hamilton also said the Transportation Security Administration and other entities have done a great deal of work on technology to detect all types of explosives but "  we have to accelerate our efforts " to be able to find bomb materials people carry or could hide inside their bodies . Ridge said the United States has been able to thwart many terror plots , but in some instances it was because the bombers made mistakes and were ineffective . "  Luck is not a strategy , " he said , warning that the United States must adapt to detect the evolving tactics of terrorists . Hamilton told the panel much progress has been made in the past 10 years , but more needs to be done : "  We are safer today , but not as safe as we could be . "	Communication , lines of command remain problem areas , Lee Hamilton says "  We can not permit delay , " says Hamilton , co-chairman of the 9/11 Commission "  Luck is not a strategy , " says former homeland security chief Tom Ridge
CNN  -- Skier Paul Wampach , a 49-year-old manager from Chicago , Illinois , hardly matches the stereotype of a hostel dweller : an under-30 backpacker from outside the United States who ca n't afford fancy lodging . Travelers looking to meet new people might consider staying at hostels , say experts . For the fifth time in two years , Wampach plans to head to the Fireside Inn in Breckenridge , Colorado , where he 's booked a dorm-style room for less than $ 40 a night during his ski vacation . "  If I 'm traveling by myself , there 's no reason to splurge , " said Wampach , who is single and described himself as neither rich nor poor . "  That $ 40 or $ 50 -LSB- I save on lodging -RSB- goes to food , beer and ski-lift tickets . " And amenities such as Internet access and a hot tub at the hostel add creature comforts to the trip . Wampach 's travel habits are consistent with a growing number of travelers called "  flashpackers . " They are usually over 30 , in mid-to-late career and can afford higher-end hotels but instead choose budget options -- albeit better-furnished and well-kept ones -- because it fits their lifestyle , said Mark Vidalin , Marketing Director for Hostelling International USA , a nonprofit network of hostels . Flashpackers also tend to stay connected by traveling with gadgets and seeking accommodations with free Wi-Fi , Vidalin said . The term "  flashpacker " likely originated in Australia , and combines the term "  flash " -- meaning "  stylish " -- with "  backpacker , " according to Vidalin . Flashpackers and regular backpackers are booking hostels at U.S. vacation destinations in full force this year . Attendance at hostels has been consistently rebounding from lows following the September 11 , 2001 . This year 's turbulent economy appears to be fueling demand for hostel space . Heading into ski season , Loree Weisman , the owner of the Crested Butte International Lodge and Hostel in Crested Butte , Colorado , said her hostel bookings are trending ahead of the town 's other lodging options -- and up about 25 percent from her bookings by the same time last year . Amid the unsteady economy , she said , people "  do n't want to give up a vacation , but they might need to adapt a vacation . " Instead of canceling pricey vacations due to economic fears , many travelers are rejecting accommodations with private bedrooms and bathrooms . They 're going for hostels with their dorm-style bunk beds , community bathrooms , and , most importantly for many hostel dwellers , shared living spaces . "  There 's a sense of community , and there 's a social aspect to it that 's pretty significant , " said Jim Williams , editor of "  The Hostel Handbook " and a former hostel owner . "  That is the heart of hostelling . You do n't go to a hotel and lock the door . " Wampach agreed , saying that hostels offer "  a tremendous way to meet people from different cultures and talk to people you would n't normally talk to . " But the communal atmosphere of hostels leaves many travelers skeptical , particularly Americans , Williams said . "  Americans have privacy issues . If you suggested to most people they were going to share a room with five other people , most of them would n't want to do it , " he said . What if a roommate snores or what if he smells or does n't stop talking ? -- these are legitimate questions for travelers considering the hostel option , said Williams . Frequent hostel dweller Mandy Creighton , 30 , said she enjoys the overall hostel experience , but it 's a "  huge challenge " to "  walk through the room and to my room without having to talk to 20 people . " Creighton and her partner , Ryan Mlynarczyk , 32 , who are documentary filmmakers from Sebastopol , California , are bicycling around the United States for a year and stopping in ecologically sustainable communities along the way . Their choice to stay in hostels is rooted in a desire to maintain a green lifestyle by sharing resources as well as saving money . Mlynarczyk experienced the other side of the privacy issue when he stepped out of a shower in a San Francisco , California , hostel to discover he had a female audience . "  I ... did n't have my towel on -- and some girl walks in and was like , ` Woo ! ' I 'm totally open to that sort of thing , but I think she was a little bit new to it , and she kind of was giggling . But obviously the immediate reaction was , ` Oh my God ! ' " Mlynarczyk said . In contrast to Americans who treasure their personal space , the communal environment is more ingrained in European culture , experts said . It 's possible to trace that cultural divide to post-World War II , said Williams , when Europe underwent its financial recovery in the 1950s and its culture was more communal . On the other hand , the U.S. economy was booming , and there was no need for Americans to share resources . "  At the same time -LSB- Europeans -RSB- were creating hostels , American teenagers were focused on getting their own cars , " Williams said . Nevertheless , Hostelling International reported its hostels in many destination cities saw notable increases in October versus the same time last year : New York overnight guests increased by 9.8 percent , Washington by 9.7 percent and San Diego , California , by 22.1 percent , according to Hostelling International . Despite the rise in many hostel bookings , Williams said hostelling still is n't part of mainstream American culture . "  We do hostelling about as well as we do soccer . We do it , but it 's a limited market , and we do it a certain way . Otherwise , most Americans are n't very comfortable -LSB- with -RSB- it , " Williams said . Wampach said he believes this represents Americans ' "  relatively conservative views and lifestyles . " But people are respectful of each other 's space , he said , and they rarely spend time together in the dorm room aside from sleeping anyway . "  You just do your best ; everybody understands you are who are , " Wampach said . "  Sometimes you get a guy who snores but ... that 's part of the deal . "	"  Flashpackers " are professionals older than 30 who prefer hostels to hotels Hostels in New York , Washington and San Diego , California , report increased guests Sense of community is the "  heart of hostelling , " expert says Many Americans uncomfortable with hostels ' lack of privacy
Beijing  CNN  -- Wang Jingyao creaks open a metal door to let us into his cramped apartment . In a modest living room , he shows us a meticulously kept shrine to his wife . "  My wife had always been a kind person since she was young . She was kind-hearted and gentle , " he says . The photos come from a different era in China . One shows Wang and his wife , Bian Zhongyun , shoulder to shoulder and smiling at the camera . They made a handsome couple . Both joined the Communist Party in the heady post-revolution years of the early 1950s . Wang was a historian at the Chinese Academy of Science . Bian became a respected educator at an elite Beijing middle school . They dreamed of helping the Party build a new China . But just a few years later , Party loyalty proved no protection for Bian . As the madness of the Cultural Revolution engulfed Beijing , she became the first victim . "  We trusted the Party , but no one ever thought it would become a party that murders people , " says Wang . Red Guards , Mao 's enforcers In one sense , the events that led up to Bian 's death began with the bruised ego of Mao Zedong . In the early 1960s , China 's great revolutionary hero was still smarting from the catastrophic failure of the Great Leap Forward , a policy of collective farming and industry that directly and indirectly caused the deaths of millions of Chinese . Mao called on a new revolution to stamp out what he called bourgeois and counter-revolutionary influences . Conveniently , for Mao , the ensuing chaos helped shore up his personality cult and get rid of his political opponents . The early enforcers were the Red Guards , a proxy army of children and young adults that violently struck out at anyone not toeing the Maoist line . Intellectuals , educators as well as artifacts were all targeted . A favorite method was to whip their elders with the heavy metal buckles on their leather belts . But this was no random chaos . "  There was absolutely a top down approach to the violence and there is plenty of evidence that everything was very carefully planned , " says historian Frank Dik  tter . "  There were constant messages going from the Party to the students . There was nothing spontaneous about it . " Beatings , then an awful climax The trouble started in the early summer at Bian 's school in Beijing . Led by their leader Song Binbin , the students labeled Bian as a counter-revolutionary and "  opposing Chairman Mao , " according to historian Wang Youqin , who attended the school at the time . Soon the attacks got physical with Bian and other teachers put through so-called "  struggle-sessions . " "  Students ran onto the stage to strike Bian with iron-clad wooden training rifles . Each time Bian fell to the floor , someone would douse her with cold water and drag her upright again by the hair to endure further criticism , " says Wang . Bian reached out to the Party to stop the beatings but she got no reply . Despite the obvious risks , Bian kept returning to the school . Perhaps she felt there was nowhere to hide . On the afternoon of August 5 , 1966 , the beatings reached their awful climax . ` We could n't stop the beatings ' The students of '66 are now in their 60s . I meet a group of them in a teahouse in Beijing . They have had careers and full lives but all seem haunted by the bloody events of that August . Liu Jin was a student leader at the school when the Red Guards targeted Bian . "  I did n't know what to do , " she says , "  I blame myself for not stopping it . " "  We could n't stop the beating , because it would have been doing something against the trend . I respected Ms. Bian , but I was too afraid to say anything , " says Feng Jinglan , another former student . The mob beat Bian for three hours . They used the legs of their school desks spiked with nails . "  She looked miserable . I could never forget this . She lay on the ground , her eyes were blurry , she was foaming at the mouth , " recalls Liu . She says they carried Bian in a wheelbarrow to a hospital across the street from the school . Wang Jingyao got the news about his wife in a phone call from the school . "  They told me that she was injured and I should go . So I went with my four children , " says Wang , "  I remember that hospital very clearly . " Sensing the worst , Wang took a camera . He took pictures of his mortally wounded wife as evidence . The images are haunting and graphic . In one , his four children stand over their mother who lies on a gurney still clutching her handbag . "  I laid a cloth over her face so my youngest would n't see . She had already passed , " says Wang . No charges , no justice The authorities quickly cremated the body and no one has ever been charged despite , presumably , hundreds of witnesses . Instead of condemning the murder , Mao seemed to embrace it . Just days later , he held a mass rally for the Red Guards in Tiananmen Square where Song Binbin presented a Red Guard armband to the Chairman . The official sanction of the violence was complete . "  After Song Binbin presented the armband to Mao , the number of murders increased massively , " says Wang Youqin , who has obsessively tracked the killings by interviewing hundreds of family members . "  The Red Guards killed almost 2,000 people in the first two weeks alone . " She says they only stopped when the Beijing municipal government eventually called them to halt in September . The Cultural Revolution would drag on for a decade . In a society where educators and elders are traditionally revered , the brutal violence against teachers shocked many , but over the decades , the Communist Party has helped erase discussion of the stain on their history , and the violence is rarely discussed in public . But that may be changing . Breaking the taboo Over the past year , those closest to the events are tentatively trying to break the taboo . Song Binbin , Liu Jin and a handful of former classmates publicly apologized for the killing of Bian . "  I participated in the revolution voluntarily , no one forced me , " says Liu , "  but after Bian 's death my faith was turned . I had to question my beliefs . " All of the former students we interviewed said they were powerless to stop the killing . Song declined to be interviewed . But their apologies have n't led to a widespread reckoning with the past . And few , if any , believe the Communist Party will tackle the issue . "  There is hardly a person within the Cultural Revolution whose hands are not dirty in some way . It is socially and politically explosive and that is why the apologies are not likely to go much further than they have already , " says Dikk  ter . For Wang Jingyao , they are too little , too late . He says he still wants justice for his wife 's murder . "  I ca n't accept them , the so-called apologies are hypocritical and not sincere . They just want to cover up their involvement , " he said , "  they just want to slip away unpunished and turn this page over . "	Decades later , former students apologize for failing to stop teacher 's murder Red Guards beat Bian Zhongyun to death in 1966 for "  opposing Chairman Mao " Husband Wang Jingyao wants justice for his wife , whom he described as "  gentle " Couple used to dream of helping Communist Party build a new China
Kabul  CNN  -- On the outskirts of Kabul , behind a high wall is a building that used to serve as a school classroom . On the outside , painted on the dusty gray walls , are murals of brightly colored animals . Inside on the worn-out carpet sits a family , huddled together . Masoma smiles shyly as we enter the room . The 25-year-old mother of two invites me to sit on a deep red cushion , used at night for their bedding . Her children -- five-year-old Ali and eight-year-old Mohammad -- sit close to their grandmother , Zahra , who looks much older than her 54 years . Masoma 's sister , 20-year-old Fatima , and older brother Husain , 27 , lean against the wall looking on as we set up for the interview . They may look like any normal Afghan family , but they 're hiding a shameful secret : They 're all addicted to opium , the main ingredient of heroin . It is a drug so prevalent that one million Afghans are addicted to it -- that 's 8 % of the population , according to the United Nations . "  It 's very bad , " explains Masoma . "  At first when I started to use the drug , it was like a medicine for pain relief after my husband died . But when I became completely addicted and needed it every day , I knew I had to search for a way to stop all this . " Masoma 's mother , sister and older brother also used the drug to dull their pain when Masoma 's younger brother died soon after her husband . They too became addicted . "  It made us feel calm and gave us comfort , " says Masoma . "  When I felt bad about my husband and younger brother , using opium decreased my sorrow . " After inhaling the additive smoke that often swirled around the house , Masoma 's two young children soon became addicted , without her even realizing . Read more : Afghan infants fed pure opium "  I feel shame , " she tells me as her mother weeps in the background . "  I always say to myself , why did I do this ? Why did n't I think about my children , my future ? People want nothing to do with us . " That was until Laila Haidari found them . The local Afghan woman set up Mother Camp in the abandoned school about a year ago . It 's a place for drug addicts to live , escape their destructive environment and hopefully get clean . She and her small team of volunteers offer counseling to help the addicts become "  mentally strong . " There is no government assistance to fund the program . Instead the profits from a restaurant she owns keep Mother Camp running . "  I was sick of seeing all these drug addicts . They used to congregate under the Pol-e-Sukhta bridge , near Kabul University , " she recalls . "  The people where in such bad condition -- hundreds maybe more were there every single day . The police moved them on so now they 're spread out all over the city . But nobody is there to think about their life and take care of them , so that 's when I came up with idea to start Mother Camp . " Read more : U.N. : Afghanistan ` world 's biggest producer of hashish ' She admits that not everyone is cured by the time they leave the program . In fact many return to their former lives , but she says she has to try and help these people who 've lost all hope . "  Nobody is helping people in my country , " she says . "  Everything is so wrong here . The government is corrupt , which means society is also corrupt . " In another suburb , close to the slums of Kabul , is a methadone clinic operated by Medecins du Monde  Doctors of the World  . It 's the only clinic in Afghanistan that is allowed to dispense methadone -- a substitute for heroin . Some 71 addicts registered on the program arrive each day to receive the methadone -- a liquid poured into a small paper cup and drunk once a day . Program director Ernst Wisse says this is the best and most effective way to get drug addicts off heroin . It also eliminates the use of needles and dramatically reduces the risk of HIV spreading . "  What we fear is that this epidemic , we have a concentrated epidemic of HIV among the entire population ... if this grows , and it will grow if you do n't put any effective intervention into place , then automatically it will get out of hand and then there 's nothing you can do , " he says . Two years ago , the Afghan government allowed Medecins du Monde to expand the methadone program to 200 clients . Several months later they shut it down , Wisse says , claiming they had n't decided if this was the best form of treatment . "  This decision means there are only 71 clients under methadone in the whole of Afghanistan , " explains Wisse . "  The drug addiction problem in Afghanistan is enormous and growing and unless they extend the program , the situation is only going to get worse . " Watch video : Drug addiction rampant on Kabul 's streets In a small room at the back of a clinic is a bed for addicts who walk in off the street . The program has been able to take a new patient because one of the registered addicts came off methadone . Wisse introduces me to 38-year-old Asadullah who has just arrived . He gets off the bed and shakes my hand -- a huge smile reveals his missing teeth . What teeth he does have are black and decaying . Asadullah decided to come to the clinic after meeting the outreach team of Medecins du Monde . Several times a week , the health workers visit areas around Kabul where drug addicts live and hand out clean needles , sterile swabs and offer counseling . "  I know these people , they used to give me clean needles . They kept telling to come to the clinic and finally I did , " he proudly explains . "  I feel better now , because the methadone is a replacement of the drug -- it gives us a better feeling . I want to use methadone until I forget about drugs completely and to find a good way to start a normal life again . " Asadullah has been using heroin for the past 14 years , supporting a habit of three grams a day , which costs about US$ 24 . But the father of four says his family has had enough , and has told him he has to get off drugs or they wo n't support him any longer . "  Drugs are ruining my life . It 's a bad thing in our society , " he says . "  I also have got bad effects from drugs and my family has also been affected -- that 's why I need to stop this . " One man who now works at the clinic knows exactly what Asadullah is going through . Raheem , 48 , was one of the first patients to arrive at the clinic two and a half years ago . "  I 'd been using drugs for 17 years . I started when I was in a prison in Iran , " he says . "  During that time I faced a lot of problems and difficulties . I did n't have any information or contact with my family and that 's when I started to use heroin . "  When I got out of prison someone told me methadone was coming to Afghanistan and I wanted to get on the program . Now I do n't even use methadone . " Raheem 's journey is inspiring but sadly it 's the rare exception in Afghanistan , not the rule .	Family of seven addicted to opium seeking treatment in Kabul Two children , aged just five and seven , breathed in family 's smoke Masoma , 25 , took up the drug after losing her husband Mother , brother and sister also used drug to dull the pain of death
CNN  -- Ted Cruz is in for the fight of his political career . I 'm not talking his possible run for president in 2016 . I mean his fight with two far more formidable opponents : comedy and porn stars . This battle started last week after President Obama called for the FCC to back "  net neutrality " for the Internet . As Obama said , at its core net neutrality means that Internet providers can not act as "  a gatekeeper , restricting what you can do or see online . " Cruz responded , via Twitter , that "  net neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet . " This is nonsense , of course , but you have to give Cruz points for trying to conflate the unpopular Obamacare -- which , by the way is so loathed that it has exceeded its goal and has signed up 7.3 million people for health insurance -- with net neutrality . Although on the other hand , I 'm surprised Cruz did n't claim that net neutrality is something supported by ISIS . You would think that Cruz , as a member of the Senate 's Communications , Technology and Internet subcommittee , would offer up a more reasoned objection to net neutrality . Traditionally , the debate over an issue like this would 've been conducted in the wonky realm of policy makers and politicians . Unfortunately for Cruz , however , it has entered the world of naughty pop culture . On Friday , "  Funny or Die , " the comedy website co-created by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay , released a video titled "  Porn stars explain net neutrality . " It features adult film stars Alex Chance , Mercedes Carrera and Nadia Styles discussing the issue in a funny , accessible and provocative way . Did I mention that they 're naked ? They explain that ending net neutrality would mean not only slowed down social media , it also would result in , "  slower porn . " Says Styles : "  Ted Cruz does n't want me to get naked for you . " Mercedes Carrera then adds a kernel of info that is both poignant on a personal level , and significant politically : "  Unfortunately , Sen. Cruz -- who is not sexy ! -- has taken countless donations from telecom giant Comcast and wants to end net neutrality . " That video , my friends , is political satire at its best . It uses humor to entertain as well as explain the issue . Now some might dismiss the FOD video as "  just comedy . " Really ? This video , per the execs at FOD , was viewed by over 1.4 million people as of Monday . This video has clearly reached audience far beyond those who tune in to watch Sunday morning political talk shows or who religiously read political websites . And for that reason , I 'd say Cruz is going to lose this battle . There 's a lesson here , not just for Cruz , but for all candidates thinking of running for president in 2016  and there are a lot of you .  You should use nontraditional methods , like comedy , to reach voters . This is more important than ever . Why ? Well , have you ever seen more people turned off to politics than there are today ? Just look at the lousy turnout for midterm elections two weeks ago : just 36 % . That was the lowest number since 1942 , and back then the country was in the middle of a World War ! And if you doubt that comedic videos can have an effect on your chances , then look no further than the President 's March appearance on the FOD online show , "  Between Two Ferns " hosted by Zach Galifianakis , where Obama urged people to sign up for Obamacare . That six-minute video , which has been viewed over 27 million times , caused traffic to increase to healthcare.gov by 40 % within 24 hours of its release , and caused a spike in people signing up for Obamacare . Yes , I know some political pundits will tell you that these types of comedy videos only reach young people and younger people tend not to vote . These people are wrong for two reasons . First , younger voters in the 2008 and 2012 elections comprised close to 19 % of the electorate ; that 's a sizeable voting bloc . In fact , if Mitt Romney had just split the 18 - to 29-year-old voters in 2012 , as opposed to losing them by 37 % to Obama , he would 've won the presidency . Second , political comedy -- even FOD videos -- are n't just consumed by people under 30 . Want to guess the median age of "  The Daily Show " audience ? 21 ? 30 ? Nope , it 's 41 years old . And the median age of Stephen Colbert 's audience is 42 . But here 's a little tip to political people thinking of using online videos : Have professionals help you . For example , Cruz released a video Monday night to counter Sen. Al Franken 's recent charge on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that Cruz does n't understand net neutrality . The problem with this video , however , is that it 's nothing more than a badly lit Cruz speaking directly to the camera . Cruz , to his credit , did use props  an old telephone  , but besides that the most interesting aspect of the video was the bizarre robot image on the wall behind him and the person standing off to Cruz 's left unintentionally photobombing him . The best chance Cruz has of this video reaching beyond his base is if it inspires comedic memes mocking it . Obviously , most of those running for president in 2016 will avoid comedy for fear it will backfire . But any candidate who employs comedy effectively stands to reach millions of people who would never tune in to hear a politician 's speech . And those people could very well be the difference in a close election .	Dean Obeidallah : Video with porn stars mocks Ted Cruz 's position on net neutrality It makes point that Cruz got donations from Comcast . It opposes Obama regulation plan He says pols should use comedy to reach voters . Obama did with "  Between Two Ferns " Obeidallah : Young people made big difference in 2008 , 2012 . Cruz , you should try comedy
CNN  -- A retired prosecutor whose comments in a 2008 HBO documentary threatened to derail a 31-year-old sex case against film director Roman Polanski now says he lied . David Wells , a former prosecutor , now says he lied about his role in the Roman Polanski case . David Wells told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Thursday that he "  buttered up " his role in the Polanski case for the documentary crew . He said he lied about trying to goad a judge to sentence Polanski to prison in 1978 for having sex with a 13-year-old girl . Wells ' comments in "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired " raised questions of judicial misconduct and spawned Polanski 's most recent effort to get the case dismissed . But the legal challenge stalled when Polanski refused to return to the United States , where he faced certain arrest . "  I made these imprudent comments , just to liven it up a little , " Wells said . "  In retrospect , it was a bad thing to do , and I never knew this thing was going to be shown in the United States . " Watch Wells ' rueful admission " Wells now says he never spoke with the judge about the Polanski case , as he had claimed in the documentary . "  I never discussed this case with -LSB- the judge -RSB- at any time , " Wells told Blitzer . Asked why he should be believed now , Wells said , "  I 'm destroying my character in public and everybody in the world knows about it . ... I do n't like admitting this . " He agreed to take a polygraph test to set the record straight . Polanski was arrested last weekend in Switzerland on a 1978 fugitive warrant and will fight extradition , his lawyers said . They had no immediate comment on Wells ' recantation . "  I am astonished that he has now changed his story , " Marina Zenovich , the documentary 's director , said in an e-mailed statement . "  It is a sad day for documentary filmmakers when something like this happens . " She said Wells signed a release form , never raised any doubts or concerns , and vouched for the documentary when he spoke to The New York Times in July 2008 . Wells also acknowledged that he lied to The New York Times . "  I figured Polanski never was going to come back , " he said . "  I did n't want to put myself out as a liar . " Polanski 's arrest in Switzerland made Wells ' public exposure inevitable , he said . "  I 'm going to tell it the way it is and if I take a beating over it , I deserve it , " he said . Blitzer challenged Wells to a polygraph test , and he agreed to take one if his former employers at the Los Angeles County , California , District Attorney 's office allow it . "  I 'm not going to do anything more to hamper the District Attorney 's case , " he said . District Attorney 's spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said the office had no position on the polygraph challenge . "  Mr. Wells is retired , " she said . "  We have no control over him . " Wells was a bit player in a high profile case that has haunted the courts of Los Angeles for three decades . He was a calendar prosecutor , handling routine matters in the courtroom of Superior Court Judge Laurence Rittenband , who oversaw the Polanski case . Rittenband , who died in 1993 , had a fascination with celebrity cases , and was so publicity conscious that he directed his courtroom staff to keep a scrapbook of news clippings , according to court records . Polanski was charged with six felonies , including sodomy and rape , but pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor under a plea bargain . The director , his lawyer and the prosecutor handling the case believed they 'd reached a deal that would spare the young victim a public trial and Polanski jail time , according to court records . Polanski fled the United States before sentencing . He was spooked when Rittenband indicated he would not honor the deal and instead intended to send the famed director to prison . Watch how the plea bargain went south " The charges stemmed from Polanski 's March 1977 encounter with the 13-year-old girl during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house on Mulholland Drive . Polanski told the girl 's mother he was on assignment for French Vogue , according to court records . Wells said he was critical about the manner in which the case was handled . He believed Polanski should go to prison . He told the documentary makers that he suggested to Rittenband that Polanski be sent for 90 days of "  diagnostic testing " at a state prison facility in Chino , California , to determine whether he was a sex offender . He admitted to CNN that he was lying about suggesting the 90-day evaluation , adding that Rittenband routinely sent defendants for evaluation.The evaluation was completed in 42 days , and Polanski was freed early after it determined he was not a sex offender . Watch CNN 's Jeff Toobin call it a sideshow " Polanski was given permission to travel to Europe to complete a film before he was formally sentenced . It was understood by everyone that Polanski would receive credit for time served and probation , according to filings in his legal challenge . While Polanski was in Europe , Wells said in the documentary , a photograph appeared of the director smoking a cigar , sipping a beer and accompanied by two young women . A script from the documentary in the court file lays out what Wells said happened next : "  And so I took the picture into Judge Rittenband . I said , ` Judge , ' I said , ` look here , he 's flipping you off , ' " he said . "  I took it to Rittenband because I figured it was something he ought to see . And what I told him was , I said , ` You know , judge , you 've made so many mistakes , I think , in this case . Look . He 's giving you the finger . He 's flipping you off . And here 's the way he 's doing it . ' And I said , ` Have n't you had enough of this ? ' And then , of course , he exploded and what happened , happened . " Wells now says he lied about that , too . He said a newspaper reporter handed him the photo , which he passed on to the judge 's court staff . "  I could call it building a bigger story , putting my part in the case bigger than it actually was , " he said . "  But when you peel away all the feathers , it 's just a lie . I should n't have done it . I wish I did n't . "	David Wells admits to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he "  buttered up " his story He said he never expected Polanski documentary to be shown in United States Wells says now he never talked with the judge about the case Blitzer challenges Wells to take a polygraph test
Cartagena , Colombia  CNN  -- Regional summits are most often perfunctory events where presidents share their visions , sign agreements and pose for photographs . At the sixth Summit of the Americas , some Latin American leaders hope to sway -- or at least challenge -- the priorities of the hemisphere 's largest power , the United States . The leaders of some Latin American countries are expected to challenge the conventional wisdom that the way to deal with illegal drug trafficking is with firepower . Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina and others are offering serious alternatives , such as legalization . "  My position is -- let 's discuss it , " said Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , who is hosting the event . "  We must ask each other , are we doing the best we can ? Sometimes the answer is no . The consumption is going up in many countries . " Santos said that Latin America wants to pull Washington 's attention toward the region . The United States needs to realize that its long-term interests are not in places like Afghanistan , but in Latin America , Santos said . "  What I hope that can come out of this summit is that the U.S. , but not only the U.S. government , the U.S. businessman , the U.S. public opinion , starts to look at Latin America with different eyes , as an opportunity , not as an area full of problems . " Presidents from the Western Hemisphere arrived Friday in the coastal Colombian city of Cartagena , ahead of several days of discussions on such topics . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's attendance remained uncertain Friday night , when he told Venezuelan National Television , "  In reality , that wo n't be decided by me , but by the doctors . " Chavez said he would return Saturday to Havana for more cancer treatment . But he said a Venezuelan presence was required in Colombia to answer "  American imperialism " and protest Cuba 's exclusion from the summit , adding that Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro might represent Venezuela in his place . Santos recommended the United States seek closer relations with Havana . "  I think that , by embracing Cuba , one would be in a better position to press for reforms and more democracy and more freedom in Cuba , " the Colombian president said . Asked whether he was going to press Obama on that issue , he said , "  It 's a very sensitive issue in states like Florida . I understand his reluctance to discuss this at this moment . " While the balance of power between the United States and the rest of the hemisphere will be a certain talking point , Santos also laid out an agenda for Latin American countries to tackle among themselves . They include fighting poverty , improving access to energy , building infrastructure , preparing to better respond to natural disasters and increasing access to technology . "  What I would prefer more besides this is a new way of talking to each other , more as partners , more as equals , and more conscious of the need that we have of each other , " he told a reporter . There is no dogma or specific type of government that can ensure development , Santos said . It takes a moderate approach in the mold of leaders such as former British Prime Minister Tony Blair or former American President Bill Clinton who governed from the middle , he said . Some recent Latin American leaders , such as Ricardo Lagos of Chile and Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil , advanced their nations by also following the centrist , so-called Third Way . "  If we play our cards right , with a long-term vision , and thinking big , being ambitious , we can finally say ... that the future is here , " Santos said . U.S. President Barack Obama arrived Friday . On a quick visit to Tampa ahead of his flight to Cartagena , Obama spoke with small-business owners about his own agenda . "  In Latin America alone in the last decade , tens of millions of people have stepped into the middle class , " he said . "  That means they have more money to spend , we want them to spend more money on American-made goods . " "  While I am in Colombia talking to other leaders , I am going to think about you , " Obama added . "  I want to sell our stuff and put Americans back to work . " The goal of the summit is to "  unite against the ills of the 21st century . Like poverty , terrorism and global warming , " Chilean President Sebastian Pinera said . "  And also , to unite to achieve the great goal that America has to conquer -- and it is the responsibility of our generation -- to make America a developed continent without poverty , with opportunity for all . " More than 7,600 police officers and thousands more troops were expected in the walled colonial city as part of stepped-up security for the summit , which started Monday with a youth conference . The summit has brought a different vibe to the tourist destination . The number of tourists has dropped tremendously this week , locals said . Tourism has fallen by "  90 % , " street vendor Alcides Escobar said . "  Who we have here is just people from the summit and their security . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and John Helton contributed to this report .	Western Hemisphere leaders arriving at Cartagena , Colombia , for sixth Summit of the Americas Leaders of some Latin American nations are hoping to challenge U.S. priorities Colombian president says Latin America wants to draw U.S. attention toward region U.S. President Barack Obama arrives Friday
CNN  -- When Catherine al-Talli was 13 years old , a group of strangers came knocking at her family 's home in Syria . It was 1992 . Her mother let them in , and feverishly they explained that earlier that day they saw Syrian security forces surround al-Talli 's father , a democracy activist , at a bus station . "  They told us that 10 of them , the forces , had their guns out and they were all around my father . They kidnapped him and pushed him into a car , " she recalled . Though they were just children , she and her siblings knew exactly what had happened . They knew their father risked his life as an activist who opposed the Syrian regime . He was paying for that , and now too would their family . It 's hard for al-Talli to talk about her father . Shortly after the regime changed hands in 2000 from father to son , he was released from prison . But al-Talli 's father had been tortured , forever scarred and changed . "  This is difficult to talk about , " said al-Talli who became a human rights attorney and activist , inspired by her father 's work . "  It 's really hard to find your dad kidnapped because of his doing good . " Until a few months ago , father and daughter were living in Syria . But their activism had made them both targets , and they 're now temporarily living in the United States . They watch the horror of their country on the nightly news . On Thursday , the United Nations announced that the number of people killed since protests began this year against the regime of Bashar al-Assad had surpassed 4,000 . More than 300 children have lost their lives , and the U.N. reports that children have been specifically targeted , and some tortured to death . According to a September U.N. report , the human suffering behind those numbers looks like this : Security forces opening fire on a funeral procession in Dar ` aa , a city near the border with Jordan ; security force snipers on rooftops picking off demonstrators in Damascus ; the bodies of those missing , including children , being returned to their families with their bodies torn apart by torture . Water tanks , food supplies , electricity -- everything needed to survive has been targeted by Syrian army and security forces , according to the report . Thousands of people have been arrested . More than 14,000 are reported to be in detention as a result of al-Assad 's crackdown on the opposition , Pillay said , and at least 12,400 people have fled their homes to neighboring countries . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay cited a report released Monday by the Independent International Commission of Inquiry which concluded that security and military forces "  committed crimes against humanity " against civilians . Syria officially denied access to commission investigators but they still managed to interview 223 victims and witnesses , including military and security forces who had defected . Foreign journalists have been blocked from entering Syria . Al-Assad told a British paper that Syria "  will not bow down " and that any potential foreign military action against his country would lead to "  very dire " consequences . But the bloodshed and the blocking of journalists and rights workers will not discourage protesters , al-Talli said . "  The Syrian people have known what the price of freedom would be , " she said . "  They knew it would be very high . "  We know that the rest of the world understands that . They believe that the international community will not let the al-Assad regime commit more crimes . " Al-Talli has participated in demonstrations against al-Assad , including the March 16 rally in Marjeh Square in Damascus when 150 protesters held pictures of their imprisoned relatives . While demonstrating in mid-May , she was detained by security forces who took her cell phone and her professional attorney identification , she told CNN.com . "  I do n't them , ` You can not arrest me without -LSB- reason -RSB- , I 'm a lawyer . ' They did n't listen . " Al-Talli said she was held in a cell in Damascus for 48 hours in the same government building where he father had spent time behind bars . She believes that because she was a well-known activist and attorney , her case was pushed to a judge and she was released within a week . From May to September , al-Talli went into hiding , sleeping in different places constantly . She felt that the government was constantly watching her and monitoring her cell phone conversations , a tactic that the al-Assad regime is reportedly using to track and thwart opposition strategy . She chose to leave Syria in September and relocated in the United States . She continues to talk with her friends in Syria , all of varying religious and tribal backgrounds . She insisted that it 's a falsehood spread by al-Assad 's regime that the fighting in Syria is between tribes and religions . "  I have stood next to people of all religions , " she said . "  I am Christian . I have stood beside Muslims , Christians , Alawis , Druze and Sunnis . This is not about our differences . " Andrew Tabler , an American journalist , scholar and Syria expert , has lived in the country and experienced firsthand the growth of discontent against al-Assad , who become president in 2000 when his father , Hafez al-Assad , died after ruling for 29 years . Tabler 's new book , "  In the Lion 's Den , " is an in-depth look at the Assads , as well as a deep-dive analysis of Washington 's long fraught relationship with Syria . Bashar al-Assad and his British wife , Asma al-Assad , were perceived for years as reformers , by and large . They touted social-service nongovernmental organizations  NGOs  and spoke about reliance on civil society . The NGOs were efforts to stem what the regime understood as a huge threat -- frustration and restlessness among Syria 's young population and the lack of jobs and opportunities in the country , Tabler said . "  Determination has been growing for some time . Now , did we expect -LSB- the protesting -RSB- to go on this long ? No . I do n't think anyone did , " he said . Tabler said he believes sanctions imposed recently on Syria will weaken the Assad regime . The European Union stepped up sanctions against the nation 's oil industry by blacklisting state-owned firms that oversee exploration and trade . The U.S. Treasury on Thursday sanctioned two government-controlled entities and two high-ranking Syrians , including Mohammad Makhlouf , al-Assad 's uncle and father of long-serving financial adviser Rami Makhlouf . Rami Makhlouf is already under U.S. sanctions . Another was Aus Aslan , a Syrian general . Turkey has also imposed sanctions against regime insiders . "  In terms of Syria running out of money , they 'll have an impact , " Tabler said . "  These are comprehensive -LSB- sanctions -RSB- and they will have a tremendous impact . Will the regime be over tomorrow ? Not at all . That 's going to take some work and time . But the death toll for November is the highest it has been so far so that means it 's getting worse , not better . " During her exile , al-Talli has met with British Foreign Secretary William Hague and Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt to stress that the protests will continue until al-Assad 's regime ends . In October she joined the Syrian National Council , an opposition coalition created during the 2011 uprising . The Council was formed in Istanbul last month and encompasses representatives of local committees inside Syria and exiled personalities , as well as Islamist and secular representatives . Al-Talli wants to continue speaking out . One day she 'll return to Syria . "  We called our revolution the Syrian Dignity Revolution , " she said . "  We decided as Syrian people to go into the street and get our human dignity back . We will not go back to our homes without it . "	Syrian protester 's father was political prisoner when she was a girl She was arrested during uprising , detained in same jail where he was held Catherine al-Talli : Bloodshed wo n't deter protesters demanding regime 's end UN : Death toll has exceeded 4,000 , including hundreds of children
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Some 100,000 ultra-Orthodox Jews protested Thursday an Israeli Supreme Court decision banning segregation based on ethnic background in a girls ' religious elementary school . Girls of Sephardic origin were being denied permission to share classrooms with the largely Ashkenazi school and were forced into segregated classes . Sephardic Jews are of North African and Middle East origin , Ashkenazim are Jews of European background . The ultra-Orthodox community in Israel is made up of many sectors reflecting many different traditions . The demonstrators resent what they feel is the intervention of the Israeli state into religious affairs . The school is Beit Yaakov in the West Bank settlement of Immanuel . Large demonstrations were held in Jerusalem and Bnei Brak near Tel Aviv . Police said 100,000 protesters demonstrated in Jerusalem , including 20,000 who joined the gathering from Bnei Brak . In response to a petition the court ruled that this was a case of discrimination . It ordered the school to integrate all the pupils . But 43 sets of parents who refuse the court order were to be incarcerated for two weeks on charges of contempt of court on Thursday . The parents of the school girls in question deny that their opposition to integrating Sephardic girls is based on ethnicity , but insist that it is about their religious observance which they believe is stricter than the families of those being refused . One protester Yehoshua Friedberg , told CNN , "  We see this as the right that parents have to allow their children to receive the education they believe in . " The mood among the thousands of demonstrators in their traditional black-clad garb was one of defiance . A young student proclaimed "  we go to jail because the judge told us to do things against the Torah  Bible  . Our rabbis and we will go to jail until the end . "	NEW : Around 100,000 demonstrate Tumult reflects state-religion tensions in Israel Ruling casts light on Ashkenazi , Sephardic tensions
CNN  Today I 'm tagging penguins in Antarctica . Not something I 'd thought I would ever get the chance to do but here we are . A few hours in and it 's actually quite addictive . But I 'm not facing the extreme chill of the southern polar region . When I say I 'm "  tagging , " I 'm manually annotating penguins , chicks and eggs on photographs taken in the region . Once I 've marked the images , other citizen taggers can double check my work before penguinologists can begin to analyze the citizen-sourced data . I 've become one of the nearly million citizen scientists working to help penguins in the Antarctic region through data analysis on hosted through Zooniverse , a crowdsourcing science platform . Passionate penguinologist Tom Hart , a junior research fellow in the Department of Zoology at the University of Oxford , is the man behind Penguin Lifelines -- a collaborative international project researching the threats faced by Antarctic penguins . CNN caught up with the passionate scientist following his recent return from this year 's trip south and found out why he continues to make the trek , what they 've found and whether the end is near for these aquatic birds . CNN : Welcome back , Tom . How was your expedition to Antarctica ? It must be pretty hard to work in such extreme-weather environments . Tom Hart : It 's paradise . It 's fantastic . It 's quite draining . There 's no doubt it 's physically and mentally tiring but every day you wake up with a spectacular backdrop , you never forget how privileged you are -- that 's for sure . CNN : What 's like working "  in the field ? " TH : The way we do it is probably not what you have in mind . We go camping , we stay in huts , we grow beards in the way we 're meant to according to the stereotype . But a lot of the time we 're on  tourist  ships , so we get to a lot more sites than conventional scientists . We 'll jump on board , or hitch hike and hop between tour ships , we might get to over 100 sites a year . Sometimes we 'll only be there for three hours . But that 's enough to set up or service a camera and to do a count of colony , or something like that . CNN : It 's four months of quite strenuous work . Why do it ? TH : We have a national data deficiency around Antarctica and the sub-Antarctic . The scale of today 's problems -- i.e. climate change , fisheries and direct human disturbance -- we do n't really have the resolution to work out which of those is the problem , in what order and how to deal with it . We 're trying to create massive , massive data sets that automatically report what 's going on and feed into policy . CNN : So where do the cameras come in ? TH : We put timelapse cameras all around Antarctica and sub-Antarctic -- South Georgia , the South Sandwich Islands , South Shetlands -- all along the Antarctic peninsula .  Now it 's  like having a really good , dedicated biologist who does n't eat or sleep -- just dedicated to monitoring penguins 24/7 . It turns out now , it 's really easy to collect data on this scale , we 've cracked the logistics problem . But the hard part is how to analyze it CNN : Enter Penguin Watch ... TH : Absolutely . I 've just got back and we 've got over half a million data points this year alone . Humans are picking out the quirky that a computer would never pick up . And they are flagging things that are unusual and then we go in and look at and investigate more . Currently there is absolutely no way we can do this without a lot of help . When we started the project , in the first four hours , people had annotated more images than we ever had in five years . It makes a difference . CNN : And what kind of results are you seeing from the processed data ? TH : We are only just starting to get useful data but in general in the peninsula and the outlying islands we 're seeing chinstraps and adelie penguins doing very poorly in their breeding . Those numbers are declining . Whereas gentoos are increasing where we monitor them and possibly spreading out . The tragic thing is that we 're still quite early in understanding the problem , despite the fact that we 're getting enormous amounts of data . CNN : So is there a danger we 'll reach an extinction point ? TH : No , I think not actually . With sea birds around the world , where we fix some of the problems , seabirds have recovered . We 're seeing that with penguins in parts of Australia , New Zealand and Africa despite the fact that most of those populations are still endangered we can see where you fix the problems locally , the outlook is good . CNN : Phew ! Having spent the last five years "  down south , " do you have a particular favorite memory of the project so far ? TH : Probably the most exciting was this January when we got back to the South Sandwich islands , we placed a camera there last year and this is the first breeding data from that whole archipelago and because it 's so hard to get to , no one 's ever done a year 's worth of observations on penguins . It 's entirely new . It demonstrated that we 're making a difference in one of the most remote places you could possibly be . SEE : Freediving couple 's stunning underwater shoot WATCH : What can we learn from animal migration ? More from The Art of Movement	Researchers have spent the last five winters in Antarctica monitoring penguin colonies The group of experts also set up timelapse cameras to see breeding patterns , effects of climate change Data is processed by citizen scientists on crowdsouring platform "  Penguin Watch "
CNN  -- He sports a "  Dux " tattoo and has expressed a fascination with Benito Mussolini . Meet Paolo Di Canio -- the new Sunderland manager who is proving a polarizing figure after his appointment by the struggling English Premier League club . As his right-wing sympathies come under intense scrutiny , Di Canio says he only wants to talk about football -- though his controversial views threaten to overshadow his job of trying to keep Sunderland in the top flight . "  My life speaks for me so there is no need to speak any more about this situation because it is ridiculous and pathetic , " Di Canio , who quit as manager of Swindon Town in England 's third tier in February , told reporters . "  I ca n't every two weeks , every two months , every 10 months answer the same questions that are not really in my area . " But he might have to -- and in fact did a day later to try to stop more questions about his past . In 2005 while playing for Lazio , the club he supported as a boy , Di Canio told Italian news agency ANSA , "  I 'm a fascist , not a racist , " after making a straight-arm salute to Lazio fans in a game against city rival Roma . "  Dux , " the Latin version of the nickname given to Mussolini , is branded on Di Canio 's right arm and the Italian dictator is cited in his autobiography . Facebook criticism Di Canio 's appointment has already prompted British MP David Miliband to quit his post as Sunderland 's vice-chairman and he is n't the only one dissatisfied with the Italian 's hiring . A Facebook page , entitled "  Sunderland Against Fascist Di Canio " has been set up and as of Wednesday morning UK time , had more than 4,000 "  likes . " A miners ' association in the industrial north east of England region said it has written to Sunderland "  demanding " the return of a banner at the club 's Stadium of Light "  in protest of the decision to appoint the self-confessed fascist , Paolo Di Canio . " Sunderland 's stadium was formerly the site of a coal mine . "  The appointment of Di Canio is a disgrace and a betrayal of all who fought and died in the fight against fascism , " Dave Hopper , general secretary of the Durham Miners ' Association , said on its website . The criticism did n't stop there . In a comment posted on website A Love Supreme , an independent Sunderland supporters ' magazine , one reader wrote : "  If he supports fascism then he should be sacked immediately . " Such was the interest surrounding Di Canio 's arrival at Sunderland , the site was overflowing with responses to the Italian 's appointment . Is Di Canio racist ? Given Italy 's former fascist leader Mussolini enacted anti-Semitic laws and oversaw the deporting of thousands of Italian Jews to concentration and death camps , academic Kevin Passmore disagreed with the feeling of other Sunderland fans that Di Canio 's political stance should n't have mattered when the club sought a new manager . However as for Di Canio 's claim that he was a fascist "  but not a racist , " Passmore acknowledged the 44-year-old may not be wrong . Di Canio -- still adored at West Ham , where he played for four years -- has attempted to quash suggestions he was a racist by claiming that two of his best friends during his playing career in England were black . "  Those who have called themselves fascists have had many different views , and they have often evolved over time , " said Passmore , Reader in History at Cardiff University in Wales and the author of "  Fascism : a very short introduction " . "  Fascists did not agree what fascism was , and academics ca n't agree , either . So in principle , Di Canio could be right , and certainly Italian fascism was less racist than Nazism . However the story in practice could be different . "  These days , most people think that fascism does equal racism , rightly or wrongly , so one could argue that Di Canio is irresponsible , " Passmore added . Another academic , Alberto Testa , agreed that differences existed in the definition of fascism , particularly in the United Kingdom and Italy . He pointed out that a fascist group in Italy had participated in charity work for minorities . In Italy , Testa said , Di Canio 's comment of "  I am a fascist " would mean "  many things . " "  I believe in Paolo Di Canio not being a racist , " added Testa , who spent time "  embedded " with Lazio and Roma ultras for the book "  Football , Fascism and Fandom : The UltraS of Italian Football , " co-authored by Gary Armstrong . "  I also believe that a celebrity like him which has numerous fans in Italy and the UK should commit publicly to fight racism in football , " said Testa , a lecturer at Brunel University in London . Fans back Italian After Di Canio quit Swindon in February , the club 's former chief executive provided a graphic description of his management style . "  Paolo would chuck a hand grenade and I would do the repair work at the end , like the Red Cross , " said Nick Watkins . Janet Rowan , a season-ticket holder for nearly 20 years and secretary of a Sunderland supporters ' association in Chester-le-Street , said Di Canio should not have been hired due to his lack of managerial experience . Though Swindon was promoted from the fourth division as champion under Di Canio in 2012 , he lasted less than two seasons and resigned amid uncertainty involving the club 's ownership . He claimed , too , that a player had been sold behind his back . "  It 's down to his footballing experience rather than anything to do with politics , " said Rowan . "  I think he 's lacking in experience at the top level . " Simon Walsh , the 28-year-old editor of the Sunderland website Roker Report , said : "  He 's trying to be made out as an uber-fascist when he 's not . " In response to the question , "  Would you be happy if we appointed Paolo Di Canio ? " 61 % of respondents on the Roker Report website said yes . If Sunderland wins or draw at Chelsea in Di Canio 's first game in charge Sunday , much of the brouhaha surrounding him will dissipate , according to Walsh . Fred Taylor , from Sunderland 's Boldon supporters ' association , also said that the media was "  trying to make something out of nothing . " And Iain Dale , editor of website West Ham Till I Die and a radio broadcaster in London , wondered why Di Canio 's past was n't as intensely examined when he was in charge of Swindon . Di Canio 's forward play for West Ham , including a stunning volley he struck against Wimbledon in 2000 that is widely regarded as one of the greatest goals in Premier League history , has n't been forgotten by West Ham 's supporters . "  If you want to be consistent , have a front page when he 's played in this country and when he 's come to Swindon , not just when he 's appointed manager of a Premier League club , " said Dale . When it comes to Di Canio , it seems , people will always agree to disagree .	Paolo Di Canio does n't want to discuss his controversial political views Facebook page launched in opposition to Di Canio 's appointment Media is "  trying to make something out of nothing , " one Sunderland fan says "  I 'm not in the Houses of Parliament , I will only talk about football , " says Di Canio
Any old city can string up a few lights downtown and call it a holiday celebration . From Mexico to Malta , northern lights to sunny skies , these places are doing Christmas better than the rest this year . Bath , England There are few cities in the world where you can celebrate the birth of Jesus and the birth of Jane Austen with the same amount of fanfare , but Bath happens to be one of them . The Theatre Royal , which Austen mentions in "  Northanger Abbey " and "  Persuasion , " is home to a musical celebration accompanied by mince pies and mulled wine in honor of the literary doyenne . There 's also a varied program of holiday drama , musicals , opera and concerts , including Cinderella and Rumpelstiltskin . A seasonal favorite , the 18-day Bath Christmas Market has over 170 wooden chalets selling distinctively British handmade crafts in a quaint Georgian setting . Straddled between the imposing Bath Abbey and the venerable Roman Baths , the market offers a festive way to discover the character of Bath , which is the only entire city in the UK to have been designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Bath on Ice is a great excuse to bundle up and lace up your skates , while the Thermae Bath Spa is the perfect reason to strip down and savor the steam emanating from the thermal mineral-rich waters of an open-air rooftop pool with spectacular views over the city . New York Rockefeller Center lies at the core of the New York Christmas . Its famed ice rink has been around for 78 years ; the decorated tree is an 81-year-old tradition . Across the street , Radio City hosts the annual Christmas Spectacular , starring the Rockettes . On the southwest corner of Central Park , Columbus Circle hosts more than 100 vendors selling clothes , gifts , snacks and drinks at the Holiday Market . Central Park has two ponds for skating and horse-drawn carriage rides . Fashion 's biggest names join in the festivities , setting up impressive Christmas window displays . The most glamorous cases , at the Fifth Avenue flagships and department stores like Saks and Bergdorf , are impressive enough to melt the heart of Anna Wintour . Malta Visiting presepju , or nativity scenes , is an integral part of Christmas in Malta . Every year , residents proudly open their shutters , and sometimes even their garage doors , to display their holy crib confections to the public . On a grander scale , the Bethlehem f ` Ghajnsielem is a life-size nativity experience spread over 20,0000 square meters of formerly abandoned fields . Inhabited and animated by over 150 actors comprised of entire families , the village takes visitors back in time to Judea of 2,000 years ago , complete with oil lamps , turn mills , grazing animals , crafts areas teaching traditional skills and folklore , a tavern , and of course a grotto housing baby Jesus . Downtown Valletta is also home to a lively Christmas spirit , with carolers singing outside the Baroque St. John 's Co-Cathedral during advent , and a dizzying display of Christmas lights on Republic Street . The Manoel Theater is well known for its annual Christmas pantomime -- this year Pinocchio themed . A visit to the privately owned Museum of Toys featuring dolls , soldiers , train sets , and clockwork tin trinkets dating as far back as the 1790 's , is a heartwarming homage to childhood . Barcelona , Spain If you can manage to extend your Christmas holiday until Three King 's Day  January 5  , there 's no better place to catch up with Melchior , Gaspar and Balthazar than Barcelona . On the evening of January 4 , they arrive at the city 's port on the Santa Eulalia -- their very own ship -- in bearded and velvet-robed splendor . Canons are fired , fireworks are set off , and as the mayor hands them the keys to the city , the magic of the Magi officially commences . They parade through the streets in a magnificent cavalcade of floats that includes camels , elephants , giraffes and dazzling costumes . Rovaniemi , Lapland , Finland While legends dating as far back as the 1820s cite the North Pole as the official home of Santa Claus and his jolly missus , the Finns would have us believe otherwise . For them , Rovaniemi , Lapland , located just north of the Arctic Circle , is Christmas HQ . Here , children make gingerbread cookies with Mrs. Claus , enroll in Elf School or take a calligraphy class and compose their Christmas wish lists with a traditional quill . Other area attractions include the Ranua Zoo , home to baby polar bears , wolverines and moose ; Sirmakko reindeer farm , where visitors can take a sled-led reindeer safari ; and the Arktikum , a science center where the mystery of the northern lights is revealed . Those in search of a truly frosty experience can stay in the Arctic Snow Hotel , made entirely of snow and ice , but equipped with saunas and hot tubs in which to thaw . Nuremberg , Germany The Nuremberg Christmas market  Nurnberger Christkindlesmarkt  is a German institution , pulling in more than 2 million visitors each year . Highlights include a giant carved wooden Ferris wheel , old-fashioned carousel and steam train . Unlike all those "  fake " Christmas markets that have been popping up in the region , Nuremberg 's Christmas Market Council is serious about making sure only traditional handmade toys and holiday goods are sold . No mass-produced plastic garlands here . The market 's 200 select vendors also put up fantastic displays as they compete for the Most Beautiful Stall Design award . The top three walk away with a gold , silver or bronze "  Plum People " awards . Adults can enjoy Nuremberg spicy gingerbread and mugs of mulled wine . For kids , there 's the Toy Museum , while the German Railway Museum is a hit with everyone . Quebec City , Canada If you 're the type who likes to celebrate Christmas around a tree made from recycled sheet metal , with lights powered by the pedaling of nearby cyclists , Quebec is your destination . A haven for environmentally friendly , outdoor enthusiasts , the city bustles with activity , offering holiday programs for all tastes . Modern-day Victorians can enjoy a candlelit evening of stories from Charles Dickens , recounting the Christmas traditions of yore . Sausage and roast chestnut lovers can browse the wares at the German Christmas market . The more religiously inclined can wander an exposition of nativity scenes from around the world . The nearby Sentier des Caps de Charlevoix offers family-friendly hiking , snowshoeing and skiing , while speed devils can zoom around in a snowmobile from Nord Expe . Reykjavik , Iceland When it comes to Christmas celebrations , Iceland has a few peculiarities . Among these , 13 "  Yuletide Lads "  scruffy Santas  are said to bring gifts to nice children for the 13 nights leading to Christmas . Rows of small , beautiful huts make up the Yule Town Christmas market on Ingolfstorg . Here , visitors can pick up colorful Christmas gifts , decorations and treats . The shopping differs day to day as some craftsmen and designers set up stalls for only one day . Beaming down onto a city covered in snow and Christmas lights , northern lights displays add to Reykjavik 's festival feel . San Miguel de Allende , Mexico Piatas , posadas and ponche sum up the festivities in this colorful Mexican city , where Christmas is both a solemn and celebratory affair . Leading up to December 24 , you 're likely to stumble upon Mary and Joseph strolling the streets , as locals make pilgrimages from home to home , singing to "  ask for posada " or "  beg for shelter " as they reenact the journey to Bethlehem . Pinatas and ponche  a mulled fruit drink  cap a long evening of peregrinations around this cobblestoned city , designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its wealth of grand churches , well-preserved architecture and grand zocalos . Santa Claus , Indiana Christmas is a year-round occasion in this town of fewer than 3,000 residents . Santa Claus , Indiana , receives thousands of letters a year from children trying to reach St. Nick himself . A group of volunteers called Santa 's Elves was set up in the mid-1930s to reply to each letter . The Land of Lights display is a 1.2-mile drive around the Lake Rudolph Campground & RV Resort . Among various Christmas-themed events , Santa hosts a buffet dinner at the Christmas Lodge every Friday leading up to Christmas . Strasbourg , France Strasbourg 's series of themed Christmas villages morph the city into a visual and gastronomic wonderland . Visitors can head to the Village of Alsace Farmhouse to taste prune , apricot and other holiday-inspired variations of farm-fresh foie gras . The nearby Village of Bredle is supplied with its namesake traditional Christmas biscuits and copious amounts of mulled Alsatian wine . From the Strasbourg Philharmonic to gospel to Django Reinhardt-inspired gypsy jazz , Strasbourg 's Christmas program is packed with concerts and cultural events from Croatia , the guest country of Strasbourg 's Christmas celebrations this year . Valkenburg , The Netherlands This small town is the Dutch center for Christmas festivities . Valkenburg 's Velvet Cave is transformed into a Christmas Market and the residence of Santa , where visitors can see his room of presents and reindeer sleigh . The cavern houses sculptures and an 18th-century chapel , as well as preserved mural drawings that date to Roman times . Marlstone products and traditional Polish handicrafts are a few of the unique items exclusive to Valkenburg 's Christmas markets . Best way to reach the Christmas town ? A Christmas Express train that runs regularly between Simpelveld and Valkenburg .	Visiting presepju , or nativity scenes , is an integral part of Christmas in Malta The Arctic Snow Hotel in Finland is made entirely of snow and ice , but equipped with saunas and hot tubs Christmas is a year-round occasion in Santa Claus , Indiana , a town of fewer than 3,000 residents
Tirana , Albania  CNN  -- At least three protesters were shot dead from close range in a clash with police Friday outside the Albanian prime minster 's office , a hospital official said , an escalation of some of the worst politically fueled tension to wrack the southern European nation in 14 years . The face-off also left 23 demonstrators hurt , including three in critical condition with head injuries at Tirana Military Hospital , according to its emergency unit chief , Sami Koceku . He said that at least 17 police officers also injured in the confrontations were at that hospital , one of the city 's main medical facilities . A report from state-run network TVSH had a slightly higher injury toll from hospitals throughout Tirana , Albania 's capital and most populated city . It put the count at 35 demonstrators and 27 police . The opposition Socialist Party claimed , on its website , that around 250,000 people gathered outside Prime Minister Sali Berisha 's office to implore him to resign amid allegations of corruption and fraud related to the June 2009 election . Some of the protesters threw stones and Molotov cocktails at some of the more than 1,000 police who were at the scene , ostensibly to provide security . Authorities responded by using water cannons in an attempt to disperse the crowds . Afterwards , Albania 's current president , Bamir Topi , issued a statement urging all political parties to resume talks soon and not to reopen old wounds -- referring to a 1997 at-times violent crisis that also targeted Berisha , who was then the nation 's president . Topi urged "  calm and self-restraint " by all Albanians , as well as support for the police and governmental institutions . The U.S. Embassy in Tirana issued a like-minded statement on Friday , expressing "  deep regret that  the protest  was not peaceful " and calling on all sides "  to abstain from provocations . " Rather , the embassy pushed for "  constructive dialogue and compromise to resolve the existing political differences . " And the European Union , which has been considering adding Albania as a member , also "  urgently " appealed to "  all political forces ... to engage in a constructive  dialogue  and to mobilize the countries ' energies " to resolve the political stalemate . "  Demonstrators are instruments of freedom of expression and peaceful assembly for citizens , " said EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Stefan Fule , commissioner for enlargement and the European neighborhood policy , in a statement . "  We deplore that today 's event has spiralled into violence . " Yet key players in Friday 's incident , and in the long-brewing political friction in Albania , showed no signs of backing down Friday . Berisha directly blamed the casualties on his chief political rival , Socialist Party leader Edi Rama , whom he accused of scheming to have demonstrators take over the prime minister 's office , parliament and key ministries , state-run ATA news agency reported . Rama "  will take full responsibility , " Berisha told reporters , adding that Friday 's actions "  will not be accepted , but punished . " For his part , Rama -- who is also the mayor of Tirana -- accused government forces of going overboard , and blamed police for provoking protesters by using the water tanks and tear gas . Earlier this month , in an interview quoted in a Socialist Party newsletter , Rama reiterated long-standing claims that Berisha 's ruling Democratic Party had rigged the most recent election . "  Are there any Albanians who have not yet understood that  Berisha  stole the elections in order to rob Albania ? " he said . "  That was clear to us from the very beginning , but by now it has become clear to every reasonable Albanian . " The country 's supreme court determined that the elections were orderly , and the ballots were burned by the Central Election Commission . The Socialist Party boycotted Albania 's parliament between September 2009 and February 2010 , according to the U.S. State Department . Efforts since then to resolve the long political stalemate have been unsuccessful , with opposition parties continuing to push hard against the Democrats in alleging corruption . On Friday , Berisha guaranteed that there would "  be no early elections " and that "  general elections will be held in 2013 , " a rebuttal to the timeline being pushed by the opposition . The tensions escalated in the past two weeks , after a former government minister sent the media a secret recording that allegedly documented an illicit back-room deal . In the video , then-Deputy Prime Minister Ilir Meta asked Dritan Prifti , who at that point was Albania 's economic minister , to arrange for irregular contracts and have the government hire hacks who belonged to his small party , the Socialist Movement for Integration . Meta later replaced Prifti , a member of that same party , as economic minister . He resigned from that position last week , even as he claimed that the tape featuring him and Prifti had been manipulated with bits edited in and out , out of context . Still , the opposition largely has focused its wrath on Berisha . This is not his first time under fire : In 1997 , for instance , angry mobs protested against Berisha -- then the nation 's president -- after voting irregularities and costly Ponzi schemes plunged Albania into near-anarchy and led to snap elections . The animosity , and harsh rhetoric , have heightened in recent weeks . In addition to increasingly pointed , accusatory barbs between Rama and Berisha , personal slurs marred a parliamentary session this week meant to settle governmental changes following Meta 's resignation .	NEW : The EU , which has considered adding Albania , urges "  calm " and "  dialogue " Albania 's PM says protesters aimed to take over his office and parliament The opposition leader blames the ruling government for the violence A hospital official says the 3 killed in Tirana protests were shot at close range
Washington  CNN  -- The Republican-controlled House of Representatives delivered a mixed message on America 's role in the NATO-led Libya campaign Friday , opposing a resolution expressing support for the war while also voting down a bill restricting American involvement in the conflict . The first measure -- similar to legislation introduced in the Senate by Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona -- was backed by the White House . It was defeated 123-295 , with Republicans overwhelmingly opposing the measure and Democrats voting more narrowly in favor of it . The second measure was strongly supported by House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and other top GOP leaders . It was defeated 180-238 , with Democrats largely voting no as Republicans voted yes by a slimmer margin . In short , the House appeared unable to speak with clarity on President Barack Obama 's controversial effort to oust Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . White House press secretary Jay Carney expressed disappointment in the first House vote , and told reporters the "  writing is on the wall " for Gadhafi . "  Now is not the time to let up , " he said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was "  gratified that the House has decisively rejected efforts to limit funding for the NATO mission . " "  I am pleased that a very important statement was made today by the House , on a bipartisan basis , that recognizes the need for us to continue this important mission , " she added . Asked to explain the relatively rare defeat for the House leadership on the second vote , Boehner only offered a one-word reply : "  nothing . " A GOP leadership aide , however , told CNN there was last-minute concern among some Republican members that a vote to restrict certain forms of U.S. involvement in the NATO mission could have been interpreted as an inherent authorization of other types of force . "  Once you de-facto  approve  it ... then the president can run with it , " said Rep. Scott Garrett , R-New Jersey , who opposed both measures . "  What we 're trying to do here is have our cake and eat it too . We 're trying to split it in half by declaring a partial war and then telling  Obama  how he is going to be commander-in-chief . " "  I do n't think you can do that in a bill , " Garrett said . "  The proper resolution would say we should not be over there ,  and  we are withholding all funds for all military activity , period . " Rep. Gerry Connolly , D-Virginia , who backed the support resolution while opposing the bill restricting involvement , said he was n't lobbied by the White House until Friday morning . "  I think moving forward , a lesson  about administration outreach  has been learned here , " he said . Much of the House 's disapproval of the Libya campaign has been fueled by a belief that Obama failed to sufficiently consult with Congress before committing to military engagement . Specifically , representatives from both political parties say the administration has violated the 1973 War Powers Resolution , which gives the president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end hostilities . The combined 90-day period ended last Sunday . Support for the war has also been further shaken by evidence of several noncombatant deaths caused by recent NATO airstrikes . The White House says Obama did n't need congressional authorization because U.S. forces are playing only a supporting role in Libya and have n't engaged in what the law defines as hostilities . The president , however , personally overruled contrary legal opinions put forward by both the Pentagon and the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , according to a report published Saturday in The New York Times . Boehner said during Friday 's debate on the House floor that Obama 's authority under the Constitution "  does not free the president from accountability to the American people , this Congress or the rule of law . " The War Powers Resolution "  is the law of the land and simply can not be ignored , " he said . The GOP-sponsored bill is necessary to "  defend the constitutional authority of the legislature " and provides "  much-needed accountability . " Some Democrats , however , blasted Republicans , accusing them of playing politics with what they called a critical foreign policy priority . "  This was not handled right " by the White House , said Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas . But the House votes are "  nothing but politics , " and "  I do n't want to abandon my friends in the Arab states who are now struggling for democracy . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday it would be a mistake for Congress to cut funding for U.S. military operations in Libya . "  I think , once we have our forces engaged , to deny them funding would be a mistake , " Gates told PBS News . Key American allies -- especially the British , the French and the Italians -- consider Libya a vital interest , and "  our alliance with them is a vital interest for us , " he said , citing their efforts in Afghanistan . Gates insisted that progress has been made toward the U.S. goal of ousting Gadhafi . "  Based on everything we see , the government gets shakier by the day , " Gates said . "  His forces have been significantly diminished . The opposition is expanding the areas under their control . " Clinton met privately with House Democrats on Thursday to urge support for the resolution backing the Libya mission , according to a Democratic source who attended the meeting . "  The bottom line is , whose side are you on ? " she said earlier in the week . "  Are you on Gadhafi 's side , or are you on the side of the aspirations of the Libyan people and the international coalition that has been created to support them ? " The allied military effort , which has formal United Nations support , was launched to protect Libyan civilians from violence stemming from a crackdown launched by Gadhafi . Western leaders have made clear , however , that they believe the mission can not be successfully completed without Gadhafi 's ouster . The White House has promised not to use U.S. ground troops , but bipartisan congressional opposition to the military campaign has nevertheless been mounting over several weeks . In addition to concerns about the War Powers Resolution , traditional anti-war Democrats and fiscally conservative Republicans are worried about the cost of the conflict . In a recent report on the mission , the administration said the cost of military and humanitarian operations through June 3 was about $ 800 million . It estimated the total cost through September 30 would be $ 1.1 billion . CNN 's Dana Bash , Rachel Streitfeld and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House rejects bill that would have cut funding for U.S. offensive operations in Libya The House also has rejected a measure expressing support for the Libya mission House members say the administration has violated the 1973 War Powers Resolution Administration : Resolution not violated because the U.S. is n't technically engaged in hostilities
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was granted bail Tuesday after a hearing at Westminster Magistrate 's Court in London , but a lawyer representing Swedish prosecutors immediately filed an appeal . That means Assange will remain in jail until the next hearing , which should be before the High Court within 48 hours , lawyers said . The 39-year-old Australian handed himself over to London police last week to answer a European arrest warrant over alleged sex crimes in Sweden . Assange is facing accusations of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force in separate incidents in August in Stockholm . He could be sentenced to two years in prison if convicted . His lawyers deny the allegations and have vowed to fight any attempts at extradition . The magistrate agreed to grant bail Tuesday after Vaughan Smith , a former British army officer who founded London 's Frontline Club , testified that Assange could stay at his mansion in Suffolk . Smith will keep Assange "  if not under house arrest , at least under mansion arrest , " said defense attorney Geoffrey Robertson . At that , Assange , dressed in a white shirt and a blue jacket and sitting in a glassed-in corner of the court with three security guards , smiled wryly . The magistrate set bail at 200,000 pounds  about $ 315,000  plus two sureties of 20,000 pounds each  about $ 31,500  . Assange 's passport must remain with police , and he will be monitored by a location tag . Assange must be at Smith 's mansion , about two hours outside of London , for at least four hours overnight and four hours during the day . He will be required to report to police daily between 6 and 8 p.m. . The next court hearing was scheduled for January 11 . After the conditions were set , Assange stood and said , "  I understand , " with a neutral expression . His mother Christine told reporters after the hearing that she was "  very , very happy " and thanked "  the media for all your support of my son . " But several hours later , Sweden filed its appeal . Outside the court , about 100 people demonstrated in support of Assange , holding signs saying "  Julian Assange is a political prisoner " and "  Why are you shooting the messenger ? " and "  This is not 1984 . " During the hearing , Assange 's team of attorneys argued that since he is only wanted for questioning and has not been formally charged , he is presumed innocent . The magistrate agreed . But , said Gemma Lindfield , the attorney representing the Swedish prosecution , "  The court has already found that Mr. Assange is a flight risk . Nothing has changed in this regard . " She said if the alleged offenses had occurred in Britain , "  it undoubtedly would have been a charge of rape in this jurisdiction . " Robertson disputed that . Celebrity supporters of Assange at the hearing included Bianca Jagger , who sat next to Fatima Bhutto , niece of the late Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto and current Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , and prominent left-wing journalist John Pilger . Socialite Jemima Khan came to court but it is not clear she got into the very crowded hearing room . Many were turned away for lack of space . Judge Howard Riddle denied Assange 's first request for bail at a hearing on December 7 on the grounds that there was a risk he would fail to surrender . On Tuesday , he cited four reasons for his insistence a week earlier on keeping Assange in jail : his lack of fixed residence , confusion over when and how he last entered the United Kingdom , the evidence against him in Sweden , and a dispute over whether Assange is wanted only for questioning or for prosecution . Smith 's offer of his mansion satisfied Riddle on the question of an address , and testimony from someone who arrived in the U.K. with Assange from Switzerland answered that question , he said . He said he was not taking a position on the Swedish evidence against Assange , and that a future hearing would have to determine whether Assange was wanted for questioning or prosecution . WikiLeaks ' release of thousands of secret U.S. diplomatic and military documents is under criminal review in the United States . Almost half of Britons believe that the sex charges against Assange are "  an excuse " to keep him in custody so that the U.S. government can prosecute him for releasing secret diplomatic cables , a new poll for CNN shows . The ComRes poll of British opinion , released Monday on the eve of Assange 's bail hearing , finds that 44 % of respondents in Great Britain believe that Sweden 's sex charges are just a pretext , while only 13 % flatly disagree . The remaining 43 % say they do n't know . Last week , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said he had authorized "  significant " actions related to a criminal investigation into WikiLeaks ' publication of the materials but has declined to elaborate . WikiLeaks inflamed U.S. authorities last month by publishing the first of a large group of confidential U.S. diplomatic cables . Only a small fraction of the 250,000 U.S. State Department documents have been released and more are being published daily . U.S. authorities and other Western leaders say the documents ' publication threatens lives and national security . WikiLeaks and its supporters say that the public has a right to know what is going on behind diplomatic doors . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Atika Shubert and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	NEW : High court will hear bail appeal within 48 hours Julian Assange 's mother thanks the media for their support About 100 people demonstrate support for Assange outside court Assange is accused of sex crimes in Sweden
Mexico City  CNN  -- A judge convicted 13 members of the Mexican military of crimes connected with trafficking cocaine and methamphetamine while on duty , the country 's defense secretary said in a statement . Three officers and 10 troops were convicted of drug and organized crime charges for their involvement in the transport of 928 kilograms of methamphetamine and 30 kilograms of cocaine , the statement said . That amount of drugs is worth more than $ 120 million , according to average price estimates in the United Nations 2010 World Drug Report . The defense secretary 's statement did not provide sentencing details . It called for the law to be applied "  to the full extent , " adding that violations of laws and military rules would not be tolerated . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has deployed about 50,000 troops to the nation 's trouble spots since he began a crackdown on drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis contributed to this report .	Defense ministry : 3 officers and 10 troops were charged with drug crimes The drugs transported are worth more than $ 120 million , according to U.N. price estimates Mexico 's president has deployed thousands of troops to combat drug cartels
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Bruised by the embarrassing 2 inches of snow that crippled Atlanta two weeks ago , the city rallied this week to make sure a repeat was n't in store . Here are five reasons Atlanta is not a laughingstock -- this time : 1 . People actually listened I 'll be damned . The most historic thing about the storm was people 's response : Folks heeded the warnings and stayed home . I did n't think this was possible , until this week . 2 . Southern pride If there 's anything Southerners love , it 's unleashing a can of whupass . Atlantans and Georgians are resilient folks . We saw the viral posts about Snowjam 2014 and heard the punch lines . We were determined to do better this time . So take that , critics . Jon Stewart , is that egg on your face or grits ? 3 . A most awesome robocall In my 19 years in Atlanta , never before have I received a call from the mayor 's office announcing a state of emergency . But Mayor Kasim Reed did just that Tuesday night , urging hundreds of thousands of Atlantans to remain inside ahead of Wednesday 's storm and to stay off the roads . That 's what I call a Robocall of Awesomeness . Whether it was to scare us or save political face from two weeks ago , its intended effect resulted in people not venturing outside . This is not to exonerate the mayor and Gov. Nathan Deal for their missteps two weeks ago . They blew it during Snowjam , pointing fingers and appearing to play politics while thousands were stranded on the highways of metro Atlanta . In an interview with CNN , the mayor had seemed clueless at residents ' angst over his handling of the storm . "  I do n't think people are mad at me , " he told CNN . But too many times we excoriate leaders -- often rightfully so -- but do n't credit them when they learn a lesson . It was clear Mayor Reed and Gov. Deal learned from the mistakes of two weeks ago . For his part , Deal was out front early on , urging residents to use caution and be prepared . The two leaders were n't going to let the region become the butt of late-night jokes and viral Internet posts again . 4 . Admit it : Those meteorologists are pretty good OK , my generation of Southerners grew up in an era when winter storm predictions stunk . Forecasters would predict 4 inches of snow and , as kids , we 'd ditch homework , drink hot cocoa and stay up late looking out our windows . Once every few years , we 'd awake to an inch of snow . This makes for a skeptical bunch . Fast forward to today : Throw into the mix local news reporters who stand outside while nothing is happening and scream from the TV as dire music plays : SOMETHING REALLY BAD IS HEADED OUR WAY ! This lends itself to eyeball rolling . And I imagine this played a major role in Snowjam . From officials on high to gritty workers , we collectively yawned -- until we all ran out the door at work at the same time . These days , armed with new-fangled tracking methods , the meteorologists have been spot on . They predicted the storm of two weeks ago with precision and did so again . Granted , the warnings from the National Weather Service of a catastrophic and historic storm -- repeated by every news outlet -- turned out to be over-the-top . The storm was neither . It packed a powerful punch , for sure , but nothing too alarming . Nothing any non-Southern city would n't just take in stride . 5 . We did n't ` pull an Atlanta ' Yes , Snowjam had actually coined a new term . Salt truck crews in the Midwest last week repeatedly told reporters they were out early to de-ice roads because they "  were n't gon na pull an Atlanta . " And this time , by golly , Atlanta did n't pull an Atlanta either .  Apparently the crews in North Carolina were not notified of this term . Look . Atlanta has plenty of reasons to be a laughingstock . Congested roads , weird political dynamics and far too few World Series titles  not to mention a lack of NBA titles and Super Bowl victories  . But we do have a thriving economy , tons of green space and friendly people in a world-class city . I spent Wednesday embedded with Atlanta firefighters at Station 10 , Battalion House 5 . The collective effort by citizens and local leaders made for a boring day . There were no heroic rescues . This made for a restless bunch . As one put it : "  When 's that biblical , catastrophic storm gon na get here ? " To be clear , this storm was far worse than the one two weeks ago . More than 350,000 Georgians were without power at its peak , and at least two deaths were attributed to the weather . It was serious business in small pockets . But because most folks stayed inside , it had the feel of a dud . "  That 's the way we like it , " said fire Sgt. Jared Keba . If this was a catastrophic storm , I hope I live in Atlanta when the apocalypse hits .	Georgia 's governor , Atlanta 's mayor learned lessons from 2 weeks ago Residents decided to heed warnings Storm was worse , but roads were clear
New York  CNN  -- Ashley Murray never expected to follow five generations of men into the family business , selling industrial gasses and welding supplies . Then her father passed away and Murray , the youngest of his four children , stepped up . She became the first female president of Liberty Industrial Gases and Welding Supplies Inc. in Brooklyn . "  I grew up working in the business , all of my siblings did . We would file , paint cylinders and work in the store . I got involved about 10 years ago working under my father , running operations for five years when he passed away , " recalls Murray , who still keeps her father 's office much the way he left it . "  I 've continued to run it , and it 's done great . I 've been slowly purchasing it from my mom bit by bit . " But now the family history Murray was charged with preserving is at risk of ending . Liberty is in Red Hook , Brooklyn , an industrial park along a canal that connects to New York Harbor . When the waters of Superstorm Sandy surged , they engulfed 80 % of her inventory in 4 feet of water . She is still without any government help . Finding joy among the wreckage : Family photos returned post-Sandy "  It 's devastating . It 's just been a devastating process , " said Murray with tears in her eyes . "  We 're just kind of this lost block at the end of Smith Street in Red Hook  Brooklyn  . I know all the businesses and all of the residents have been affected , but it seems like there has to be more help . " Murray estimates the destruction will put the business $ 700,000 to $ 800,000 in debt . She says Liberty had no debt before the storm . "  In 26 years , we 'd had not 1 inch of water , " she said . "  We could n't afford to have more than the tiny bit of flood insurance that we had , and we did n't think we needed it . " In the days after Sandy , Murray attended community meetings with other business owners hoping to find some assistance from the government or elsewhere . She also collected information from the FEMA website and elsewhere online to determine what assistance might be available for her company . She found government loans with a 6 % interest rate . But her bank offered her a $ 1 million line of credit with a 3.2 % interest rate . She opted for that . Map : See Images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast The Federal Emergency Management Agency does not issue loans to businesses impacted by Sandy . The agency tells CNN it would only give a grant to a small business if it is located within a primary home or resident damaged by Sandy . But FEMA is a federal partner of the Small Business Administration , which tells CNN it has two loan programs for businesses impacted by Sandy . The first is a disaster loan of up to $ 2 million for businesses that sustained physical damage . The interest rate begins at 4 %  and goes higher  for a term of up to 30 years . The SBA says only businesses with no other means of credit would qualify for the 4 % interest rate . The second is an economic injury disaster loan geared toward small businesses to cover operating expenses they would have otherwise been able to cover had the disaster not occurred . That loan is also capped at $ 2 million and comes with 4 % and higher interest rates for businesses , and a 3 % interest rate for nonprofits . As of Friday , 302,412 disaster loan applications have been issued by the SBA in New York , New Jersey and Connecticut -- 62,294 of those to businesses . If Murray ca n't get her business back up and running at full capacity , she fears her competitors will move in . She 's already seen her business slip 30 % . Two days after the storm , when Murray first was able to get inside her company , she began to run it off the sidewalk with "  business operations " run out of a tiny storage room facing the street . Her employees use cell phones , generators and work off one computer and one printer perched atop a makeshift counter . Customers are greeted by a sign that says "  Liberty is open , " but they still peak in through the roll-up garage door and ca n't believe it 's true . "  Sometimes they just roll up their window and yell out to see if we 're really here , " Murray said . Murray has barely been home since she reopened her business ; neither have her employees who have worked around the clock and on weekends . Liberty employee Nick Gardener watched Ashley Murray grow up working alongside her father . He was hired back in 1995 . "  It 's my life , " he said . If it goes under , "  I would go under , too , " Gardener added . Employees at Liberty still have a sense of humor , despite all the difficulty . Gas prices up in Sandy-stricken areas They 've placed a stuffed lion in front of the darkened warehouse with a sign around its neck that reads : "  WE ARE AS TOUGH AS IT GETS . WE ARE STILL HERE . " But inside , the business is struggling to get off its knees . You can tell the condition of the business by the cacophony of overwhelming sounds from all the machinery trying to keep it going in the absence of electrical power . Outside , the droning noise of a massive generator competes with the roar of power tools being used by workers from Consolidated Edison , as the power company tries to repair the electrical lines . You can still see the water line just above the circuit breaker boxes . Inside , you hear a sizzle as the lights flicker on and off , the hiss of propane tanks powering heaters , the clanging of empty tanks being hauled in and out for refilling since the business lost all three of their trucks and one forklift . In another room , workers pound in new drywall and toss soggy merchandise into bags . The office phones only work when the generators are running and voicemail is n't functioning . When they turn off the generator at night , calls are transferred to cell phones . Red Hook was hit so hard by Sandy that volunteers at the business next door are using blow dryers to dry piles of invoices one by one . The job is essential because their server was destroyed in the storm . The only thing that 's quiet is the nearby Gowanus Canal , where the water receded . The canal was declared a federal Superfund site , meaning its waters are considered in need of cleaning up . "  They keep telling us the toxic stuff stayed at the bottom , but we just do n't know , " said Murray . Jersey Shore community gives thanks even after Sandy What 's next after Superstorm Sandy ?	Ashley Murray is the fifth generation to run Liberty Industrial Gases Superstorm Sandy engulfed 80 % of her inventory in 4 feet of water It 's been devastating : "  It seems like there has to be more help , " Murray says She and her employees deploy hard work , generators and humor to keep things going
New York  CNN  -- He was one cool cat , trekking half way across America before meeting an untimely death by car on a Connecticut parkway . The 1,500-mile feline journey is a "  testament to the wonders of nature and the tenacity " of the species , said Daniel Esty , commissioner of Connecticut 's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection . It was one of the longest known movements ever recorded for a land mammal and nearly double the distance for a mountain lion , the agency said . There had been sightings of the large cat in Greenwich , Connecticut , its presence an anomaly in a state where none has been seen in more than a century . Sadly , it was the cat 's death that helped tie everything together . A 2006 Hyundai Tucson SUV hit and killed the animal in the very early hours of June 11 . Police were informed of a collision between a vehicle and a mountain lion in the northbound lane , near exit 55 , of Wilbur Cross Parkway in Milford . A necropsy and genetic tests revealed the lion 's origins and travels , the Connecticut environmental agency said . The young , lean mountain lion hailed from the Black Hills of South Dakota , making its way east 18 months ago in search of a mate . Normally the majestic male cats do n't wander beyond 100 milles while looking for females . But this one kept going , through Minnesota and Wisconsin , where its sightings were recorded and DNA evidence collected from droppings , blood and hair . In Wisconsin , biologists dubbed the animal the "  St. Croix Mountain Lion , " after the first county where a sighting was confirmed The cat was not neutered or declawed , the necropsy showed , meaning that it was probably not a captive animal that escaped or was released . It also had porcupine quills stuck in the tissue under its skin , indicating that it had spent some time in the wild . Analysis of an extracted tooth could help determine a precise age for the cat , believed to have been between 2 and 5 years old . Wildlife experts were still examining the cat , including the contents of its stomach . They could still learn more in the days ahead .	The mountain lion was sighted in several states It was struck by a car in Connecticut and killed in June Tests show that it came all the way from South Dakota It was the longest journey ever recorded for a mountain lion in America
CNN  -- Inter Milan did all they could to keep the pressure up on Serie A leaders AC Milan as they beat lowly Cesena 2-1 . But they left it very late . Two goals in injury time by striker Giampaolo Pazzini ensured Inter stay in touch with their city rivals , closing the gap to five points until Sunday at least , when Milan host mid-table Bologna . Cesena took the lead after 56 minutes thanks to Croatian striker Igor Budan and , as the finals minutes ticked down , looked to have claimed three vital points . But then Inter 's unlikely comeback started with Samuel Eto'o delivering an inswinging cross into the box which Pazzini managed to poke home on the volley . Seconds later the Italian striker found himself in the right place at the right time again as he rose to meet Maicon 's cross from the right to head home to complete a dramatic and bizarre turnaround . "  It was all calculated , it was organized from the first minute , everything went perfectly , " Inter coach , Leonardo joked afterwards , AFP reported . "  We looked at it as a decisive game and it was very important to get the three points for the Champions League , even if qualification is n't yet secured . Winning in this way really is incredible even if it 's not our first comeback , " he added , AFP reported . The loss leaves Cesena in 16th place , although both Sampdoria  who face Brescia  and Lecce  who travel to Chievo  can both overtake them if they win on Sunday . In Saturday 's other game third-placed Napoli kept up the pressure on Inter with a 1-0 win over Genoa -- Slovak midfielder Marek Hamsik with the goal seven minutes before the final whistle . The result means Napoli remain a point behind Inter in the table whilst extending their lead over fourth-placed Lazio who host Juventus on Monday evening .	Inter Milan beat Cesena 2-1 with two goals in injury time Napoli retain grip in third as they beat Genoa 1-0
CNN  -- A U.S. Army command sergeant major who authorities accuse of lying about receiving Purple Hearts for bravery during combat and making false claims about fighting in Vietnam and Afghanistan was indicted by a federal grand jury on Wednesday . William John Roy , 57 , is charged with seven felony counts of defrauding the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense , prosecutors said . The indictment accuses the Winchester , California , resident of using "  bogus military documentation " in applications that allowed him to receive $ 27,000 in disability benefits for himself and $ 30,000 in educational benefits for his daughter . "  In the documents , Roy falsely claimed that in 1974 he served as a combat medic in Vietnam in a special forces unit and was twice injured in combat . With false records that purported to detail his bravery during combat incidents in Vietnam , Roy further claimed he was awarded two Purple Hearts , as well as a Bronze Star for valor , " the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Central District of California said . Prosecutors said that an investigation revealed Roy had been in Germany in a noncombat role during the time when he claimed to be fighting in Vietnam . "  According to court documents , Roy submitted a Purple Heart Certificate purportedly signed by Richard Nixon four months after the president resigned from office , " prosecutors said . The indictment also accuses Roy of providing false information regarding his service in Afghanistan in March 2005 . In 2008 , prosecutors said , Roy sent a letter to the Army requesting a Purple Heart for extensive injuries he said he suffered in an attack on a military base in Jalalabad . An investigation revealed that Roy was not involved in any such attack , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . Roy could not be reached for comment . Prosecutors said he remains an active duty command sergeant major , the highest rank available to enlisted personnel in the Army . An Army spokesman could not immediately confirm Roy 's military status Wednesday night . Roy will receive a summons directing him to appear in a federal court next month for an arraignment , prosecutors said . He is charged with one count of presenting false writings to defraud the United States , three counts of making false statements to the government and three counts of stealing government property . He faces up to 55 years in prison if convicted on all the charges .	William John Roy is charged with defrauding the VA and the Department of Defense An indictment accuses him of lying to obtain $ 57,000 in benefits Prosecutors say Roy said he fought in Vietnam , receiving two Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star Investigation reveals he had been in Germany in a noncombat role , prosecutors say
CNN  -- The Poison Pill . The Doomsday Files . Or simply , The Insurance . Whatever you call the file Julian Assange has threatened to release if he 's imprisoned or dies or WikiLeaks is destroyed , it 's impossible to stop . "  It 's all tech talk to say , ' I have in my hand a button and if I press it or I order my friends to press it , it will go off , ' " said Hemu Nigam , who has worked in computer security for more than two decades , in the government and private sector . "  Julian is saying , ` I 've calibrated this so that no matter how many ways you try , you 're never going to be able to deactivate it , ' " Nigam said . "  He 's sending a call to action to hackers to try it . To the government , he 's also saying , ` Try me . ' " Read more about Nigam 's experience and the Pentagon 's cyber security There 's a reason Assange specifically announced -- on the Web -- that there is a 256-bit key encryption code that only a few trusted associates know that will unleash the contents of the 1.4 gigabyte-size file . "  He 's saying do n't even bother trying . It will take you so long to succeed that by that time , it will be too late , " Nigam said . "  Most of the time , you see a 56 - -LSB- bit -RSB- key encryption . That 's considered secure . When you are using 256 , you are sending a message : ` I 'm smart enough to know that you will try to get in . ' " It 's not the first time Assange , the face and founder of WikiLeaks , has asked someone to dare him . He and the anonymous , globally scattered WikiLeaks staff have warned since July 's release of Afghanistan War documents that they are not to be messed with . Press them , they say , and they will retaliate by releasing more secret information . But this week , the stakes got higher . Assange was arrested Tuesday in Great Britain in relation to a sex crimes investigation in Sweden . A British judge denied bail , and Assange is expected to remain in a jail in England for at least a week , officials said . Assange 's lawyer , Mark Stephens , called evidence against his client "  very thin " and he will fight extradition to Sweden . Assange has called the rape allegations a "  smear campaign . " Often described as suspicious and even paranoid , Assange reportedly refused on Tuesday to be photographed or fingerprinted or have a swab of his DNA taken , all standard procedures for British arrests . Who is Julian Assange ? Is the arrest politically motivated , a witch hunt for the man responsible for stoking the ire of the U.S. government by sharing with the world its confidential and sensitive war-time intelligence ? The Pentagon has denied that . Nevertheless , the public is eating up this modern-day spy novel in which the main character 's deadliest weapon is a computer . "  We will release more cables " -- WikiLeaks tweet Assange has repeatedly said that stopping him would not stop WikiLeaks . Tuesday night , the organization fulfilled a tweet earlier in the day : "  Today 's actions against our editor-in-chief Julian Assange wo n't affect our operations : we will release more cables tonight as normal " More cables -- at least 75 -- were indeed released Tuesday , several having to do with Libya . Demonstrating the democracy of the internet , supporters with $ 35 for a domain name and a basic knowledge of HTML are giving WikiLeaks an assist . Hundreds of Web sites have popped up which appear to have copied WikiLeaks ' data for display on "  mirror sites . " Some sites are offering a how-to guide on mirroring . While that 's happening , an anonymous group of hackers apparently hacked PayPal , one of the service providers that cut off service to WikiLeaks . Smaller tokens of support could be found on Time magazine 's site . As of Thursday afternoon , Assange was leading against more than 25 other candidates to be the magazine 's Person of the Year with more than 320,000 votes cast online . Ben Laurie , a London-based computer security expert who has reportedly advised WikiLeaks in the past , said Assange is nothing if not exacting . "  Julian 's a smart guy , and this is an interesting tactic , " Laurie told reporters . "  He will hope it deters anyone from acting against him . " Years to crack code It could take an incalculable number of years to figure out the combination of letters , numbers and symbols comprising the 256-bit key code . It 's anyone 's guess what 's in the file labeled "  insurance.aes256 . " But few doubt that it 's interesting . That massive file size is big enough to hold the contents of all of the group 's leaks since July : 90,000 secret intelligence documents about the Afghanistan War ; 400,000 pages of classified intel about the Iraq War , and purportedly more than a quarter million cables authored by U.S. diplomats . Assange has said in previous interviews that Bank of America leaked him a hard drive , and he 's warned that WikiLeaks is planning a major leak about a large bank , according to Forbes . Assange has also claimed to have files on oil giant BP . Reports of the "  poison pill " file containing any sort of "  nuclear bomb of information are completely over exaggerated , " Jennifer Robinson , one of Assange  s lawyers , told CNN . Assange has hinted that whatever information he has , it 's unredacted . WikiLeaks came under tremendous fire this summer after its release of the Afghan War logs . Human rights organizations and government officials across the world said that the group 's failure to remove the names of informants who had helped coalition forces in Afghanistan put those sources in grave jeopardy . Assange told Time that he was not aware of anyone ever hurt by a WikiLeaks document release . Read the full transcript If the "  poison pill " file is opened and its contents published online , it becomes easier to trace who might be involved , Nigam said . But it will still be hard . "  You could have your IP address visible and accessible to trace , " he said . "  But if your goal is to hide your identity , then you will use proxy servers , hide your ID through rerouting so that information bounces from place to place until the person chasing you ends up in a dead zone . You could leave traces behind by accident , but I think we are safe in saying people affiliated with this situation know what they 're doing . " Nigam was one of the first prosecutors in the U.S. Justice Department to pursue internet child predators . He 's experienced in investigating cases using online techniques , but also in the real world . "  The government would be wise not to focus on the technical , and instead concentrate on finding and talking with people who were around Assange in the last few years , the people who he trusts , " Nigam said . Technology wo n't turn on a friend , he said , but people will .	Expert : "  Julian -LSB- Assange -RSB- is saying ` I 've calibrated this so that ... you 're never going to deactivate it " A 256-bit key encryption code will reportedly release the contents of a 1.4 gigabyte-size file It could take years to crack the code , a combination of letters , numbers and symbols Assange lawyer : Reports of a "  nuclear bomb of information " in a file is exaggerated
CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck the Philippines early Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake 's epicenter was reported to be in Negros , about 360 miles south-southeast of Manila . The earthquake had a depth of nearly 12 miles , the USGS said . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage .	The earthquake had a reported magnitude of 6.2 It struck in Negros , about 360 miles south-southeast of Manila
On Monday , Pakistan 's long-awaited report into the death of Osama bin Laden in the city of Abbottabad two years ago was leaked in full to Al Jazeera . The independent Abbottabad Commission was established by Pakistan 's parliament to investigate what for many Pakistanis was an embarrassing double national humiliation . First , that bin Laden lived in Pakistan for nine years undetected before he was killed . Second , that the U.S. conducted a military operation inside Pakistan that , from the moment that four U.S. helicopters penetrated Pakistan 's airspace , lasted for more than three hours without detection by the Pakistani military . In more than 300 pages , the report paints an intimate picture of the final days and years of the leader of al Qaeda and is also a devastating indictment of what it describes as the incompetence of many institutions of the Pakistani state . A senior Pakistani government official told CNN the Abbottabad Commission report is authentic . Report : Osama bin Laden -- doting grandpa , paranoid terrorist The night of the raid The report describes the "  fateful night " of May 2 , 2011 , when bin Laden was killed by a U.S. Navy SEAL team and begins with a flourish out of a Harlequin romance : "  Today was Amal 's turn for the Shaikh -LSB- bin Laden -RSB- to be with her . She was the youngest of his wives . " The report goes on to describe in almost minute-by-minute detail the SEAL raid on the bin Laden compound in Abbottabad , which , it estimates , took between 36 and 38 minutes . Bin Laden and Amal were sleeping in their top floor bedroom with their 3-year-old son Hussain when they were startled awake by a noise that sounded like a "  a storm , " the report recounts . Amal reached to turn on the light in the bedroom but bin Laden told her : "  No ! " Soon bin Laden and his young wife were joined by two of bin Laden 's adult daughters . Together they quickly recited verses of the Koran and bin Laden informed them that American helicopters had arrived . He ordered his children to leave his bedroom . Suddenly , an American soldier appeared in the room . Amal saw a red beam of light from the laser of the soldier 's gun but she heard no sounds , as the weapon had a silencer . Amal rushed the soldier who shot her "  in the knee , " the report says . A shot from the U.S . soldier hit bin Laden in the head and he died at around 12:50 a.m. on May 2 , 2011 , according to the report . The report -- by four retired senior Pakistani military , diplomatic , police and judicial officials -- is based on 201 interviews of government officials and other witnesses . Bin Laden 's death : How the story unfolded An obsession with security Bin Laden went to great lengths to avoid detection , according to the report 's description . When he left his three-story residence to tour his Abbottabad compound , he wore a cowboy hat that prevented prying eyes or satellites from recognizing him . Bin Laden 's two bodyguards also practiced careful operational security , making phone calls from public call booths in cities at least an hour 's drive from the Abbottabad compound , where they lived with al Qaeda 's leader . When one of the bodyguard 's young daughters saw a picture of bin Laden on a television program and recognized him to be the tall Arab man who was living on the Abbottabad compound , the report says , the bodyguard banned any further TV watching and any subsequent contact between his family and the bin Laden family . After the arrest of 9/11 operational commander Khalid Sheik Mohammed in Pakistan in March 2003 , bin Laden decided to stop meeting with any al Qaeda members in person , with the exception of his two bodyguards . During bin Laden 's nine years on the run , his wife Amal gave birth to four children in Pakistan . To avoid any troublesome questions , when Amal gave birth in a hospital the nurses and doctors were informed that she was "  deaf and dumb . " The bin Laden bodyguards installed four separate gas and electricity meters at the Abbottabad compound to ensure that there was n't ever a suspiciously large gas or electricity bill betraying the presence of the 16 members of the bin Laden family . Despite bin Laden complaints of pains in his heart or kidney he never saw a doctor , preferring to treat these ailments with "  traditional Arab medicine , " the report says . When bin Laden traveled around Pakistan , which he did relatively frequently in the early years of his life on the run , he shaved off his distinctive beard . Opinion : From bin Laden to Boston The Family Man The report shows bin Laden to be an involved father and grandfather to the dozen or so of his children and grandchildren who were living at the Abbottabad compound . He supervised their playtime , which included cultivating vegetable plots and he handed out "  prizes for best performance . " Bin Laden was also strict when it came to his Islamic beliefs . In the bin Laden family , girls were completely separated from males at the unusually early age of three . And even when men appeared on TV , the bin Laden women would leave the room . For the scion of one of the richest families in the Middle East , bin Laden certainly was careful with money . He had only a few changes of clothes and was paying the two bodyguards who were his only connection to the outside world around $ 100 a month each , according to the report . The CIA The Abbottabad commission also examined the recruitment of Pakistani doctor Shakeel Afridi , who , according to the commissioners , was paid 10 million rupees by the CIA -- around $ 100,000 -- to mount a hepatitis-B vaccination program in Abbottabad . The aim was to confirm the presence of bin Laden at his suspected hideout by extracting blood samples from his children . The CIA hoped to compare that DNA to DNA the U.S. government had already obtained from other members of the bin Laden family . Afridi met with CIA officials on a number of occasions , including with two female operatives named "  Kate " and "  Sue , " who posed as officials with the U.S. Agency for International Development . Dr. Afridi 's CIA handlers provided him with a satellite radio so they could stay in touch with him and easily track him . Two weeks before bin Laden was killed , Dr. Afridi arrived outside the bin Laden compound . He called one of bin Laden 's bodyguards on the phone seeking entry , but the bodyguard told him there that no one was at home . The CIA plans to extract blood samples from the bin Laden kids never panned out . Afridi is now serving a 33-year prison term in Pakistan for what the independent report characterizes as the "  trumped-up charges " of providing support to the Taliban . Opinion : Who really killed bin Laden ? Pakistani government failures The report found that the at the time of the raid on bin Laden 's compound , the Pakistani Air Force was focused on its traditional Indian enemy on its eastern border and its radar systems were in "  peacetime mode " on its western border with Afghanistan . This helped explain how the U.S. was able to insert four helicopters into Pakistan without detection . When the Pakistani Air Force finally scrambled jets to intercept the American helicopters they were long gone from Abbottabad . The report faults local officials in Abbottabad for their "  collective incompetence and negligence " for not paying more attention to the mysterious compound where bin Laden was hiding out . And it faults Pakistan 's intelligence agencies for not mounting any kind of serious effort to discover if bin Laden was living in Pakistan . The report also lambastes the same intelligence agencies for not detecting the "  nationwide CIA network " in Pakistan . On two occasions the report makes reference to bin Laden 's "  diary " which was recovered at the Abbottabad compound . Hopefully , the U.S. or Pakistani government will at some point make public the contents of that diary , which will doubtless provide important new insights about the life and thinking of al-Qaeda 's founder .	Peter Bergen : Abbottabad Report gives intimate picture of bin Laden 's life hiding in Pakistan He says it 's sharp indictment of what report calls Pakistan intelligence 's "  incompetence " It recounts bin Laden 's daily life , tactics to evade discovery , and the drama of the night of the raid Bergen : It calls out CIA ploys that used doctor to help find bin Laden ; fault 's local government
Law enforcement officials in Cuba and the United States are investigating a theft of at least 70 works of art from the island nation with a value totaling more than $ 1 million , says the Miami art dealer who first reported the heist to U.S. authorities . On Tuesday , the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  circulated a list of the missing artworks , which art dealer Ramon Cernuda examined and said would likely be valued at close to $ 1.5 million . Cernuda first alerted law enforcement officials to the theft in February after buying a painting by a 20th-century Cuban artist for $ 15,000 . After researching the painting , Cernuda said he discovered the work was registered to Havana 's National Museum of Fine Arts . He said he contacted officials there who , upon searching their archives , confirmed the painting and others were missing . While no major works were stolen , Cernuda said the case was notable because art theft is relatively rare in Cuba . Museums are tightly guarded and artwork is usually inspected before it leaves the country . "  The theft is so much more complicated than the smuggling out of Cuba , " Cernuda said . "  To just get the art out of the museum is very complicated . " Cuban authorities have not said whether any arrests have been made , but a statement issued by the Cuban National Council of Cultural Heritage said an investigation showed the artworks were removed from their frames while in storage . Cernuda said the same dealer in Miami who sold him the painting he purchased had another 10 Cuban artworks for sale that appeared to have been crudely cut from their frames . "  It 's an obvious tell that something is going on , " he said . Cernuda said he has turned over the painting he purchased to the FBI , and he said the agency is investigating . Despite chilly relations between the United States and Cuba , Cernuda said he expected any art that is recovered would be returned to the island . "  I am about certain it will go back , " he said . "  Stolen property is stolen property . "	UNESCO lists at least 70 artworks that are believed to have been stolen Dealer who first reported the thefts places artworks ' value at close to $ 1.5 million Ramon Cernuda : Art heists are difficult in Cuba -- museums are tightly guarded Cuban authorities say investigation showed the pieces were crudely cut from frames
CNN  -- A jury has found five men guilty of conspiring to kill soldiers at Fort Dix , New Jersey , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said Monday . Five men were accused in a plot to kill soldiers at Fort Dix in New Jersey . The defendants were acquitted of attempted murder charges but face life in prison . The jury spent six days deliberating . Six men were arrested on May 7 , 2007 , in New Jersey , as two of them were meeting a confidential government witness "  to purchase three AK-47 automatic machine guns and four semi-automatic M-16s to be used in an attack they had been planning from at least January 2006 , " according to a criminal complaint . The sixth defendant , Agron Abdullahu , pleaded guilty in October to a reduced charge of providing firearms to illegal aliens and received a sentence of 20 months in prison and three years of supervised release . "  For the 12 of us involved in these deliberations , this has been one of the most difficult things we 've ever had to do , " the jury said in a written statement given to the news media , according to CNN Radio affiliate KYW . "  We have not reached our conclusions lightly . The burden imposed on us has been heavy but we are confident that our verdict has been reached fairly and impartially . " For the conspiracy conviction , each of the defendants faces a sentence of as much as life in prison . They are to be sentenced in April . Abdullahu told the court in October that , from January 2006 to May 2007 , he and Turkish-born Serdar Tatar , 25 , provided firearms to brothers Dritan Duka , 30 ; Shain Duka , 27 ; and Eljvir "  Elvis " Duka , 25 . The Duka brothers , born in the former Yugoslavia , were in the United States illegally . Tatar and Abdullahu are both legal U.S. residents . The other defendant , Jordanian-born Mohamad Ibrahim Shnewer , is the only U.S. citizen among them . The jury found one member of the group conducted surveillance at Fort Dix and Fort Monmouth in New Jersey , Dover Air Force Base in Delaware and the U.S. Coast Guard facility in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the U.S. attorney 's office said in a written statement . The alleged Fort Dix plot came to light when two men gave an 8 mm videotape to a clerk at a Circuit City store in Mount Laurel , New Jersey , and asked him to convert it to DVD format . Authorities said the tape showed 10 young men shooting at a practice range and shouting in Arabic , "  Allahu Akbar , " or "  God is great . " The clerk , Brian Morgenstern , said the video showed the men with handguns and rifles that appeared to be "  fully automatic weapons . " "  I saw some stuff on the film that was disturbing and it kind of gained my attention that way , " he told CNN in May 2007 . Morgenstern alerted the police , who initiated the investigation into the men , who were living in Philadelphia 's southern New Jersey suburbs . Michael Riley , the lawyer for Shain Duka , said he will appeal the verdict . "  It 's a certain time in our history where these certain types of allegations are very troublesome , and it 's very difficult , " he said . "  It 's disappointing when it does n't come out the way you think it should . " Tatar 's lawyer , Richard Sparaco , predicted an appeal would be filed on behalf of all the defendants . U.S. District Judge Robert B. Kugler scheduled sentencing for the Duka brothers for April 22 and for Shnewer and Tartar on April 23 . CNN 's Aurore Ankarcrona contributed to this story	Five men were convicted of plotting to kill U.S. soldiers at Fort Dix The men could receive life in prison Sixth man pleaded guilty to reduced charge of providing firearms to illegal aliens Three brothers allegedly involved in the plot were in the U.S. illegally
CNN  -- Devastation is devastation , whether a hurricane rips up your home or a tornado takes the person you love most in the world . It 's loss , shock and confusion . It 's anger and sadness and resentment . It 's being flustered like you 've never been flustered before . But it 's going to be OK : Take it from the people who survived Hurricane Katrina and the Missourians from Joplin whose town was leveled by the worst tornado in U.S. history . They want Sandy survivors to know a few things : You 're probably on autopilot right now . You 're moving through it . Stand in the ruins of the life you had before the disaster . Understand that was before . The after is when you 're good and ready . 7 ways to manage stress in a disaster Hours will still go by though . Days will happen . You might not remember to eat because you 're filling out paperwork and talking to insurance operators . You will get put on hold . Your life will feel forever on hold . At some point , when you think you 're handling it , you will stumble on something that reminds you of that old life , maybe it 's a thing or it 's a memory . Maybe this will happen when you finally get the sleep you 've gone without since the disaster . You 're going to feel really , really awful again for awhile . Victims fall to Mother Nature 's wrath Make yourself anew Eileen Romero still feels the weight on her chest . It has just gotten a little lighter in the years since Katrina . As a nurse , she saw heinous things in the hospital where she worked . Eight years on , it 's hard to speak in full sentences without crying . She watched the wall-to-wall television coverage of Hurricane Sandy , transfixed by the nurses who manually pumped air into newborns after carrying the infants down nine fights of stairs at NYU Langone Medical Center . "  I was right back in that hospital in New Orleans , " Romero said . "  I know those people . I felt that . " There are always burdens and rewards of being a caregiver . But in an emergencies , they are tenfold . "  They need to know it 's going to be hard , " Romero continued . "  I mean , they saved those babies and they should feel good . But later it might hit them what they were able to get through just because they were trained to do that . And I would tell them , ` It 's alright to be upset and to take time out to understand what you 've been through . ' " It was comforting to Romero to watch the coverage of Sandy . While she was in the middle of Katrina , she did n't consider that it was the world 's focus for days . "  I did n't even realize that we were being covered 24 hours a day , " she said . "  It was only months later that I comprehended that New Orleans was on TV all the time , that people cared so much about it . " Then again , there 's another side to massive media coverage . People might feel obligated to talk about their pain if a reporter asks . If you do n't have the words , you do n't have to conjure up something for anyone . No one else has the right to your story . Tell it when and how you want . Romero became a photographer after Katrina because words kept failing her . When she tried to talk about it , her words were inadequate . "  Understand that the life you had before something like this is n't coming back , and that 's not always a bad thing , " she said . "  Discover and make yourself anew . " Interactive : Remembering the victims Look for what 's funny Every day , Romero takes her Yorkies out for a walk . It 's a simple , effortless routine that has nothing to do with bad things in the world . Find something like that , or keep doing that one , pure , sweet thing that you always did , she said . You 're going to need lightness . Your sense of humor will be tested . Use it a lot . You might have to move into a place that you 'd never imagined you 'd ever have to live , like a trailer or someone 's garage . This could last for months , maybe a whole year . Your kids , spouse , in-laws and maybe some strangers will all be crammed in there . They might snore . There are going to be fights and moments where you swear your head is gon na pop . Writer Michael Tisserand and his wife , Tami , took damage to their home in Katrina . They and their two kids -- now 11 and 14 -- moved in with a friend . "  We were laughing about sleeping in these two twin beds that were squished together , " Tisserand recalled . "  We were getting food stamps for food banks for the first time . When you 're learning about how it feels to be suddenly dependent on others , you have to look for what 's funny . " Ask for help , give help Do n't be afraid to give or receive help , he said . Do n't sit inside . Try not to compare your pain or loss to someone else 's . You do n't have to swim through your living room to say you 've been through hell . Tisserand remembers being stunned and then weeping uncontrollably when he received a package from a friend . It was a new laptop . "  You will feel helpless . I just felt like I was not the agency of my life then , " he said . "  It was so unbelievable to me that someone did that for me . " When anyone gives you anything , small or large , cheap or expensive , know that they are trying to be there for you . The Tisserands are at home in New Orleans , a city they never want to leave . For many disaster survivors , the tragedy redefines their definition of home . How to help Take pictures of everything Kelly Maddy grew up in Joplin , Missouri . The 29-year-old and his wife thought it would be fun to go out and chase a tornado that was set to hit in April 2011 . Tornadoes got little more than a shrug in Missouri , so this was n't really the craziest decision . It 's like choosing to stay at home when there 's a Category 1 hurricane forecast for your area . You 've gotten through nor'easter s before , so what 's the harm ? When the Maddys finally made it back to their house , it was kindling . Their cars were gone . "  The night was a blur , " he said . "  You just stare and wonder what happened to my life ? Then the panic . " "  Document everything , " Maddy said . "  Every single insurance person you talk to -- and you 'll be bounced around from person to person -- write their name down , write down everything they say . Use your iPhone . Take pictures of everything . " Know what supplies you have and how much you 're going to need . Get that stuff soon . Do n't put it off , he said . There 's going to be a level of bureaucracy worse than you ever imagined . Insurance workers will be kind , of course , because it 's not personal . It 's just the system . Call them constantly . Do n't expect them to call you , he said . The Maddys lived in a basement apartment with their animals until finally rebuilding their house in February . "  Going through all of that almost broke us , " he said . "  Almost . 'Cause we 're still here . " Live blog : Get the latest news on the aftermath of Sandy	People who survived Katrina and the Joplin tornado share their experiences , wisdom Their advice : Stand in the ruins of your old life ; it 's fine to be sad Ask for help and give help , no matter how large or small , they say They say it will get better , but it will always stay with you
CNN  -- Rosie O'Donnell will be sporting a new look when she returns to "  The View " in May . The former talk show host has tweeted a picture of herself after a significant weight loss . "  Almost 50 lbs off - I can see it now , " O'Donnell tweeted . The 52-year-old actress reportedly underwent weight-loss surgery in 2013 after a series of health issues including a heart attack in 2012 . "  I did what many women do , and I did not take care of myself , " she said during a speech at an American Heart Association luncheon in Detroit in February . "  And that 's why I 'm here , to try to get women to know you 're worth it , take care of yourself and know the symptoms . " At the time of her speech , O'Donnell said she had lost 40 pounds after gastric sleeve surgery . O'Donnell is set to appear with all of the other former and present co-hosts of "  The View " in May for a special episode honoring the retirement of Barbara Walters .	The actress tweeted a picture of her slimmer face She underwent weight loss surgery in 2013 In 2012 , O'Donnell had a heart attack
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea has denounced a policy that called for a peaceful engagement with North Korea as a failure . An annual white paper published by Seoul 's Ministry of Unification slammed the decade-long engagement policy , which cost South Korea $ 4.5 billion . The policy did not change North Korea 's "  perverse " policies , the report said Wednesday . "  Despite outward development over the past decade , inter-Korean relations have been under criticism from the public in terms of quality and process , " the Chosun Ilbo newspaper quoted the white paper as saying . "  They have in fact become increasingly disillusioned with the North and more worried about security as the North continued its nuclear arms program . " The sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , which killed 46 sailors earlier this year , showed that the North is " ... consistently maintaining a reunification doctrine based on a strategy to turn the entire Korean Peninsula communist despite its outward policy in favor of cooperation and reconciliation . " The ministry confirmed the newspaper report . The Sunshine Policy is based on the Aesop fable of a warm sun forcing a man to divest his coat after a cold wind had failed to do so . It lasted between 1998 and 2008 . It overturned decades of containment , but was reversed when the conservative Lee Myung-bak government took power in Seoul in 2008 . "  This government has more focus on principle-based exchange and cooperation , " said deputy spokeswoman Moon Jong-woo of the unification ministry . "  We want to promote peace and security through inter-Korean relations -- that is the all-time goal . " While current relations between the two Koreas have been cold since the Lee government took office , and have been icy since the naval sinking this March , there were significant tensions even at the height of "  sunshine " -- including North Korean nuclear and missile tests , and two fatal naval clashes . The Sunshine Policy resulted , however , in the establishment of an enclave for Southern tourists in North Korea at Mount Kumgang and two inter-Korean summits . The tourist enclave has been closed since 2008 when a southern tourist was shot there by a Northern soldier . Today , the last tangible relic of "  sunshine " is the Kaesong Industrial Zone , a factory park just inside North Korean where 110 Southern firms employ more than 40,000 North Korean workers . Some pundits say Seoul 's 1998-2008 engagement policy was undermined by fractures in the Korea-US alliance . "  You had the most liberal presidents ever in Korea at the time of a very vigorously conservative American president who thought that accommodating the North Koreans was not the way to go , " said Mike Breen , a biographer of North Korea 's leader Kim Jong-il Today Seoul 's policy aims are clear , their outcome even less so . "  I would say that the current South Korean policy is based on the denuclearization and the openness of North Korea , " said Dr Choi Jin-wook , of the Korea Institute for National Unification . "  The major critique of this policy is that it is naive . " Although the six-party talks on North Korean denuclearization are in limbo , Seoul maintains some channels of communications with the Pyongyang . The unification ministry announced on Thursday that the South would attend Red Cross talks with the North on humanitarian issues and on the resumption of inter-Korean tourism projects . And "  sunshine " did have some lasting benefits . "  It did not have any concrete results , but it helped South Koreans overcome the shortcomings of their anti-communist education , " Breen said .	An annual white paper slams the decade-long engagement policy It did not change North Korea 's "  perverse " policies , the report says The Sunshine Policy lasted between 1998 and 2008
CNN  -- Justin Rose is looking to repeat the feat of golfing legend Ben Hogan as he defends his U.S. Open title at Pinehurst 's No. 2 course this week . Rose won his first major title at Merion and will be looking for a rare double success in North Carolina . Hogan won both the 1950 and 1951 U.S. Opens with his initial victory at Merion . Only Curtis Strange , 25 years ago , has completed two wins in two years in the tournament since Hogan 's double triumph . Rose admits that the Merion precedent has been on his mind as he contemplates his title defense which begins Thursday . "  I 've allowed myself that thought for sure , " Rose told gathered reporters . "  I feel like the U.S. Open test suits me . "  For me being defending champion , I do n't even like that word , defending , because it puts you already behind the eight ball . You do n't want to be out there being defensive at all . " Rose heads a strong English contingent , which also includes Lee Westwood , Ian Poulter , Luke Donald and Paul Casey , all seeking an elusive first major . A keen football fan , he nonetheless rated their collective chances of success at Pinehurst above that of England at the World Cup in Brazil . "  I would say there 's probably more chance of one of us winning the major than England winning the World Cup potentially , " Rose said . "  So sad to say , but . " "  Blind faith that England will get far in the tournament prevails , so we 'll see , " Rose added . Phil Mickelson , runner-up to Rose last year , cruelly occupying that position for the sixth time at the U.S. Open believes he is capable of another strong challenge despite indifferent form this year . "  I feel as good about my game today as I have all year , " Mickelson said . "  It 's not saying a lot , because I have n't played well all year , but last week was a good week for me . I started to slowly put it together . " His 11th placed finish at the St.Jude Classic Sunday was his best of the season , but he went into last year 's British Open at Muirfield on a similar run and triumphed in style . Masters winner Bubba Watson is also strongly tipped to challenge for his second major of the season , but believes Pinehurst 's domed greens will test his patience . "  I would n't say unfair . I would just say they 're very difficult , " he said . "  When I say unfriendly it 's because they 're trying to beat you , " he added . Former world number one Tiger Woods is sitting out his second straight major as he rehabilitates after back surgery , with Australian Adam Scott going into the week as the top-ranked player .	Justin Rose defends his U.S. Open title at Pinehurst Rose bidding to become first man for 25 years to repeat Phil Mickelson looking to complete career grand slam Tiger Woods ruled out through injury
Moscow  CNN  -- A plane carrying a hockey team with international players , including some NHL veterans , crashed as it took off Wednesday afternoon from Russia 's Yaroslavl airport , killing at least 43 people , Russian emergency officials said . The Yak-42 aircraft was taking players for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl -- one of Russia 's leading ice hockey teams -- to Minsk , the Belarusian capital , the Russian aviation authority told CNN . Two of the 45 people aboard the plane , which included eight crew members , survived , a Russian Emergency Situations Ministry representative said . Eleven of those on the aircraft were foreigners , the ministry said . Yaroslavl 's regional governor , Sergei Vakhrukov , named the two survivors as Russian forward Alexander Galimov and flight crew member Alexander Sizov . Both are being treated in intensive care . Si.com : Plane crash darkens hockey 's grim summer Thirty-five bodies have been recovered from the crash site so far , the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said , and the search for those still missing continued into the night . Many of the bodies were recovered from the Volga River after the plane crashed on its banks near the airport , the ministry said . The Lokomotiv team , which was scheduled to play a match Thursday in the new Kontinental Hockey League , had a number of players with ties to the National Hockey League . NHL.com cited Russia 's Sov Sport website as confirming that the entire main roster of the team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl was on the plane , along with four players from the youth team . CNN.com : NHL feels loss of plane crash The team 's head coach , Brad McCrimmon , 52 , who was born in Canada , previously played in the NHL and was an assistant coach with the Detroit Red Wings , NHL.com said . Others who played in the NHL included Karel Rachunek , 32 , a Czech native ; Ruslan Salei , 36 , from Belarus ; Karlis Skrastins , 37 , from Latvia ; Pavol Demitra , 36 , from Slovakia ; and Josef Vasicek , 30 , from the Czech Republic . Demitra was a former Minnesota Wild and Vancouver Canucks center , RIA Novosti reported , while fellow center Vasicek was formerly with the New York Islanders and Carolina Hurricanes . Salei previously played for the Anaheim Mighty Ducks , Colorado Avalanche and the Red Wings . SI.com : Team tragedies NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman said the crash "  represents a catastrophic loss to the hockey world -- including the NHL family , which lost so many fathers , sons , teammates and friends who at one time excelled in our league . Our deepest condolences go to the families and loved ones of all who perished . " Lou Lamoriello , president of the New Jersey Devils , paid tribute to Alexander Vasyunov , a forward who played for the club last season , as "  an outstanding young man and a gifted athlete . " Rachunek also played for the Devils in 2007-08 , Lamoriello said , adding : "  Both were members of the Devils family . " The Russian Hockey Federation expressed "  its deepest condolences to the bereaved families and relatives , fans and the entire hockey community " in a statement on its website . A Kontinental Hockey League statement said : "  We are only beginning to understand the impact of this tragedy affecting the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl club on the friends we 've lost and the international hockey community . "  First and foremost , our condolences go out to the families of the players , coaches and staff lost in today 's tragedy . We know that there are many in the KHL family who will be grieving with us . " A national championship ice hockey match between Salavat Yulayev and Atlant was halted in the city of Ufa after reports of the crash . Players from both teams and spectators observed a moment of silence before leaving the stadium . Many in the audience were crying , Russian state TV footage showed . The president of the Russian national hockey league , Alexander Medvedev , took the microphone at the stadium to say representatives from both clubs had asked to call off the match because they had ties to those at Lokomotiv . He said : "  I would like to assure you that we 'll do everything we can to make sure that the first-class ice hockey in Yaroslavl will continue and that the Lokomotiv club will remain as one of the strongest clubs in our Kontinental Hockey League . " An aviation agency spokesman , Sergei Izvolsky , told CNN the crash occurred around 4 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  during takeoff because the plane could n't reach a safe altitude fast enough . The aircraft collided with the antenna of the airport beacon , fell to the ground and broke into several pieces and caught fire , Izvolsky said . It was a charter flight with a plane operated by Yak-Service Airlines , he said . Yaroslavl is about 155 miles  250 kilometers  northeast of Moscow . The Yakovlev Yak-42 was in proper technical order , the Russian Federal Aviation Agency 's press officer , Andrei Pryanishnikov , told CNN . The plane went through cursory maintenance service before departure to Yaroslavl and fully complied with all safety standards , he said . The last time it underwent regular maintenance service was on August 16 in the city of Kazan . Pryanishnikov said the plane was manufactured in 1993 and was certified airworthy until October 1 . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev instructed the country 's Investigative Committee and other law enforcement agencies to probe the crash . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin also asked Transport Minister Igor Levitin to go to the scene to organize efforts to examine the cause of the crash , Putin 's press office reported . The crash came as an international political forum opened in Yaroslavl , with participants expected to include Medvedev , the prime ministers of France , Spain and Italy and South Korean President Lee Myung-bak . Medvedev plans to visit the crash scene to pay tribute to the victims before attending the forum Thursday , the Kremlin press office said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko , David Close , Josh Levs , Jennifer Deaton and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The crash is "  a catastrophic loss to the hockey world , " NHL commissioner says Eleven of 45 people on board the plane were foreigners , Russian officials say Russian official says two survived crash in Yaroslavl , northeast of Moscow The plane crashes on takeoff from Yaroslavl airport bound for Minsk , Belarus
CNN  -- What is the Obama Doctrine ? As the President put it Wednesday , "  Just because we have the best hammer does not mean that every problem is a nail . " The Obama Doctrine , as outlined by the President at the commencement ceremony at West Point , can be summarized as limiting the use of American power to defending the nation 's core interests and being smart enough to avoid the temptation to use such power when it embroils the country in costly mistakes such as the decision to invade Iraq . Obama was attempting to answer a central question : What strategic doctrine should guide U.S. actions in a world where America 's long war against core al Qaeda and its Taliban allies is winding down , at the same time that Russia and China are both flexing their muscles and when a number of al Qaeda affiliates in countries such as Syria are enjoying something of a resurgence ? The President 's answer is the foreign policy equivalent of medicine 's Hippocratic oath "  first do no harm . " Without directly saying so , it amounts to a cautious but firm repudiation of the decisions made by presidents such as George W. Bush and Lyndon Johnson , who ordered massive commitments of American military power against perceived enemies . A foreign policy of judicious restraint that does n't sacrifice core American interests is not the sort of foreign policy that lends itself well to emotional rhetoric . But that 's exactly Obama 's point ; it is American hubris and overreach since World War II in wars such as Vietnam and Iraq that cost the nation dearly in blood and treasure , while doing little to protect America 's core interests . But the President also said that the United States reserved the right to take unilateral military action when standing up for core American interests , which he defined as "  when our people are threatened , when our livelihood is at stake or when the security of our allies is in danger . " What does the Obama Doctrine mean in practice ? In cases where there is no core American interest at stake , but where there are issues of concern to the global community , the President says the United States should lead multilateral efforts to resolve them . An example of this -- which , interestingly , the President did n't cite in the speech -- was the 2011 American-led intervention to topple Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi to prevent him killing large numbers of his own civilians , an effort that both NATO and the Arab League led . The Obama Doctrine means more money for U.S. Special Forces . While Special Forces occupy only a tiny percentage of the American defense budget , they are the tip of the spear when it comes to partnering with countries that have some kind of al Qaeda presence and enabling local forces to go after such groups . At West Point , Obama announced that he would go to Congress to seek a new $ 5 billion fund for counterterrorism training efforts in countries in North Africa and Asia , an effort that will be led by Special Forces . This dovetails with what Adm. William McRaven , commander of U.S. Special Operations Command , has pushed for over the past year or so -- a greater Special Forces presence in many countries around the world to partner with host nations and train them to fight al Qaeda affiliates or other groups aligned with al Qaeda 's ideology . In Syria , the Obama Doctrine means working with Turkey and the Gulf countries such as Saudi Arabia to increase funding and other kinds of assistance to the more moderate elements of the Syrian opposition and also to identify extremist groups better to make sure aid is getting to the right groups . On Iran , the Obama Doctrine means continuing negotiations with the Iranian regime to modify its nuclear program , where the President sees that "  for the first time in a decade , we have a very real chance of achieving a breakthrough agreement -- one that is more effective and durable than what would be achieved through the use of force . " It also means closing the Guantanamo prison camp since , after all , the indefinite detention of prisoners does n't fit with American ideals . Over the past year the Obama administration has made some quiet progress on that front , releasing two Algerians and three Chinese Uyghur prisoners . A further six of the remaining 154 prisoners in Gitmo will also soon be transferred to Uruguay . But will the Obama Doctrine be seen as the right strategy to guide American foreign policy for many years in the future ? To answer that question it is worth examining what strategies have guided American foreign policy since the defeat of the Nazis almost seven decades ago . The holy grail of American foreign policy makers is to establish a national security strategy  or doctrine  that deals with the real threats that the United States faces as they change over time . But coming up with such a strategy that actually informs effective policies is relatively rare . Since World War II there have been two doctrines that could be described as more or less unalloyed successes . At the dawn of the Cold War , George Kennan established the doctrine of "  containment , " which attempted to block Soviet expansionism through a combination of American political and economic efforts that included the establishment of U.S.-led institutions such as NATO , the United Nations , the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund . Sometimes containment also meant that the United States fought proxy military conflicts with the Soviets , such as the Vietnam War , where the two superpowers backed different sides in a civil war . The intent of this strategy was to contain the Soviets , and yet , at the same time , to avoid becoming embroiled in an outright war that might end with mutually assured destruction . Containment succeeded brilliantly because ultimately the Soviet Union imploded of its own internal contradictions without a shot being fired in what could have become an Armageddon-like U.S.-Soviet nuclear war . After the collapse of the Soviet Union , Gen. Colin Powell came to be associated with the "  Powell Doctrine , " which was a response to the Vietnam War debacle . The Powell Doctrine was to go in at the beginning of a war with overwhelming forces to achieve clearly defined political objectives -- and then to end the conflict without getting bogged down in a lengthy occupation . The classic example of the Powell Doctrine in practice was the 100-hour war the United States waged against Saddam Hussein in 1991 , which defeated the Iraqi army that had occupied Iraq 's neighbor Kuwait , and did so with relatively few American casualties . Following the 9/11 attacks , came the Bush strategy of the war on terror that was the basis for the U.S.-led coalition 's successful overthrow of the Taliban in Afghanistan . But after that it also became the basis for the unnecessary and costly war against the Iraqi dictator . As a strategy the war on terror can hardly be judged a success alongside containment or the Powell Doctrine . So how might history judge the Obama Doctrine ? The doctrine will not satisfy some of Obama 's critics , who want him to "  do more " on issues such as Russia 's intervention in Ukraine . But it does dovetail neatly with where a large majority of Americans are right now . They have no appetite for any more land wars . According to a CNN poll in December , the 13-year war in Afghanistan has become arguably the most unpopular in American history . What Obama did in his West Point speech was to chart a course that balances two natural , and contradictory , American national security impulses -- isolationism and interventionism -- and points to a hybrid approach that avoids some of the pitfalls of either of these strategic approaches .	President Obama outlines his version of the Kennan , Bush and Powell doctrines Peter Bergen says it amounts to a "  do no harm " view of foreign policy It represents a dramatic switch from counterproductive cases of U.S. overreach , he says Bergen : Obama Doctrine lacks drama but may be a smart way for superpower to behave
CNN  -- After a nerve-jangling four days , Arsenal can breathe a little easier . A 3-1 win over West Ham United on Tuesday saw Arsene Wenger 's team climb back into the English Premier League 's top four , keeping the Gunners in contention to qualify for the lucrative European Champions League . Two goals from Germany 's Lukas Podolski and a 20th of the season from Frenchman Olivier Giroud saw Arsenal leapfrog Everton in the table , after Matt Jarvis had given West Ham a shock lead in the first half . The vital victory came just three days after Arsenal had secured a place in the FA Cup final with a dramatic penalty shootout victory over second-tier Wigan Athletic . Two wins in quick succession have boosted Arsenal 's hopes of reaching the Champions League for 17th consecutive season , while also keeping alive their chances of lifting silverware for the first time in nine years and relieving some of the pressure on beleaguered manager Wenger . "  I think we built the victory tonight through consistency in our game , the vital part was to come back just before half time and in the second half we controlled the game well , " Wenger , who has been at Arsenal since 1996 , told Sky . "  After Saturday 's game we had to dig deep . " Everton climbed above Arsenal at the weekend , and it looked as if the north London club would lose further ground in the battle for fourth place when West Ham took the lead on 39 minutes through one-time England winger Matt Jarvis . With Arsenal fans fearing a chastening defeat , the home team responded . Just five minutes later , Spain 's Santi Cazorla expertly picked out Podolski , who turned inside the penalty area and fired a fierce low drive beyond West Ham goalkeeper Adrian . Ten minutes into the second half , Arsenal hit the front when Giroud showed sublime touch to control Thomas Vermaelen 's lofted pass before converting with aplomb . Podolski put the seal on a much-needed result when he lashed home on 78 minutes following a header from substitute Aaron Ramsey , who was making his first Premier League appearance after a lengthy injury layoff . The win move Arsenal onto 67 points with five matches left to play , one point clear of Everton who have a game in hand on their rivals . Arsenal 's next match is on Sunday at Hull City , who they will play in the FA Cup final on May 17 . "  After the FA Cup it was important we switched on to the Premier League , " said two-goal hero Podolski . "  Everyone wants to play in the Champions League because the matches are amazing and important for the club . "  There are hard matches to come , we must win all of our matches and then I think we will qualify . "  The most important thing tonight was to win . We focus now on the next game . "	Arsenal beat West Ham 3-1 to climb back in fourth place in the EPL Matt Jarvis gave West Ham the lead before Olivier Giroud and Lukas Podolski struck The win lifts Arsenal back above Everton and into the final Champions League spot On Saturday Arsenal reached the FA Cup final by beating Wigan Athletic
CNN  Reigning world champion Lewis Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg resumed where they left off last season as the 2015 Formula One season kicked off in Melbourne . The Mercedes duo , who took pole position in all but one of last season 's qualifying sessions and won 16 of the 19 races , were dominant in first and second practice for Sunday 's Australian Grand Prix . Rosberg , who won last year 's GP at Albert Park , was fastest around the Melbourne street circuit on Friday , finishing 0.1 second ahead of Hamilton with Sebastian Vettel taking third spot for his new team Ferrari -- the German four-time world champion finished 0.715 seconds off the pace set by his compatriot . Vettel 's Finnish teammate , Kimi Raikkonen was fourth , 1.1 seconds behind the lead with Williams ' Valtteri Bottas and Daniel Kvyat , who was making his debut for Red Bull since his switch from Toro Rosso , finishing fifth and sixth respectively . "  It was great to be back in the car at this awesome track , " Rosberg said , the official Formula One site reported . "  Today we have the evidence that our Silver Arrow is quick again and it was a great start for the team , " he added . "  It seems again that it 's very close between Lewis and me and he is a great driver , so I need to nail the setup every time to come out on top . This year will be a big battle again against him , I 'm sure . I 'm looking forward to the first weekend of the new season with all the great fans out there . " Hamilton , who was forced to retire from last year 's race with engine trouble , was satisfied with his pace . "  It feels great to be back on track and back into a race weekend . In general it 's been a good first day , " Hamilton said . "  Today seemed to confirm that we have pretty good pace . But there are still other quick cars out there and we ca n't go into tomorrow 's sessions not thinking that they will be close . " The opening day 's racing was somewhat overshadowed by an ongoing dispute between Sauber and the Swiss team 's 2014 reserve driver Giedo van der Garde . The 29-year-old Dutchman recently started legal proceeding against the Swiss team claiming they had reneged on a promise to make him one of the lead drivers for the 2015 season . Van der Garde won the case held in a Swiss court earlier this month , with the decision being upheld by Supreme Court of Victoria in Australia on Tuesday after Sauber had appealed the original ruling . During practice Van der Garde could be seen in the Sauber garage wearing his race overalls , but he did not make an appearance on track as Marcus Ericsson and Felipe Nasr completing both practice sessions . Following the initial court ruling , team principal Monisha Kaltenborn said that changing drivers hours before a Grand Prix could be dangerous . "  What we can not do is jeopardize the safety of our team , or any other driver on the track , by having an unprepared driver in a car that has now been tailored to two other assigned drivers , " she said , Formula1.com reported . Brazilian Nasr was the highest placed of the two finishing 11th while Swede Marcus Ericsson was 15th . Elsewhere there was also a uncertain start for McLaren who finished way down the pecking order . Jenson Button was 13th , almost four seconds off the pace for the CNN-sponsored team while teammate Kevin Magnussen , who was deputizing for the absent Fernando Alonso , was 16th following second practice . Local favorite Daniel Ricciardo completed just nine laps of practice after his Red Bull suffered engine failure . Qualifying for Sunday 's race gets underway on Saturday .	Nico Rosberg fastest ahead of team Lewis Hamilton in Australia GP practice Mercedes duo dominated last season winning all but three of 19 races Giedo van der Garde does n't race for Sauber despite court ruling Sebatian Vettel makes good start for new team Ferrari finishing second practice in third
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Getting "  out of this world " with civilian space travel is not quite as simple as you may think . Ready for launch : video game programmer Richard Garriott shown in training for his space flight in October . Aside from the obvious financial limitations which restrict space tourism to the rich and the ridiculously rich , there are also significant training programs and testing to be completed before proceeding to lift-off . To gain a better insight into this training , well-known video game programmer and designer Richard Garriott , who is preparing for his own space adventure in October , is detailing in a blog what he and others have to go through in order to make it into orbit as a space traveler . Garriott has been in training since the beginning of the year and told CNN the first major thing to surprise him was the intensity of preparations . "  When I first came here in January , I thought nine months to get trained for this is going to be plenty of time . Of course , very quickly , I realized that I had signed up for a very complex task , something much more difficult that I had anticipated . I immediately knew that nine months was going to be a lot of work to get everything prepared for the flight . "  And now that I am so close to the flight , I am still feeling the pressure , I definitively have been working very long days and most nights , " Garriott said . The training regime has three major strands : physical training , which includes preparation to acclimatize to the space environment ; practical training for day-to-day living in space ; and like any flight , be it 10 minutes or 10 days , training in safety procedures for emergency situations . Trainees generally spend nine months or more on and off-site to complete the requirements , which include everything from flight simulations to learning how to use the toilet . Eric Anderson , president and CEO of Space Adventures , the company sending Garriott into space , told CNN the training program is extensive , but does not exclude people from making the flight . "  Their total training program is a few months , but we tend to spread it out so they can fit it around their normal lives . They are not training to the same degree as the professionals . " As long as space hopefuls are in reasonable health , they can usually go ahead with their adventure , he said . "  There 's some fitness involved . There are certainly -LSB- medical -RSB- things that are not allowable in space , but they are generally more serious conditions . " He said the major fitness issue with space travel was preparing for the change in "  Gs . " "  The body is designed to live on one ` G , ' so when you expose it to higher ` Gs ' it has an effect . With the training and given the -LSB- short -RSB- length of the visits there 's a minimal effect on the body . " In his blog on the training process , Garriott said one part of the training was indisputably the worst . "  Hardest of all was the ` Spinning Chair of Ultimate Sickness . ' I ca n't imagine that I will ever again voluntarily sit in a device designed to make you sick , or ride it as long as I can . Ugh , this is definitely my least favorite part of training ! " Despite such disturbing preparations , Anderson said much of the training , which takes place at Space Adventures ' base in Star City , Russia , is centered upon general living in space . "  There 's a few requirements about what you need to know to live in the space station ... how to eat , how to drink , and how to use the restroom , for example , " he said . "  There 's also a lot of simulation you go through ... there 's preparation to acclimatize you to the space environment . " Garriott said many of the procedures for living in space , or for emergencies , are very complex . "  There are a lot of technical details behind all the different systems we need to understand ... fire detection and alarms , plus procedures and equipment for dealing with fire emergencies ; protective breathing apparatus in case of chamber decompression or malfunction ; the toilet  everybody 's favorite piece of space trivia !  , including powering up the can for suction and waste removal ; and lastly , onboard water sources . " He admits the learning requirements had him preparing for exams by "  cramming like any good college kid . " And the most fascinating part of the training ? In Garriott 's opinion , it was running in a hypobaric chamber , where the altitude was set at 10,000 meters  about 2,000 meters higher than Mount Everest  . "  I felt no physical or mental problems , but I did notice an odd physiological issue that is quite hard to describe . Basically , it was possible to make a tennis ball-sized pocket in my mouth , but one which had no air in it as it was just a vacuum ! "  By that I mean try to imagine creating a cavity inside your mouth without any air bubbles and by letting in no air through your lips or throat -- it 's basically impossible at sea level because the air pressure outside your mouth pushes the air pocket closed , " he said . "  However , at 10,000 meters the air is so much thinner that you can pull off this oral stunt without a hitch ! Weird . " It truly is .	Richard Garriott will fly with Space Adventures into space in October Training involves physical , practical and safety preparation Garriott says the toughest part is a spinning chair designed to make you vomit Learning to go to the toilet in space is part of the training
CNN  -- She added smart to sexy as a Bond girl opposite Pierce Brosnan 's 007 , and proved her dramatic and action credentials in "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , " but for actress Michelle Yeoh , life and acting are both all about balance . Michelle Yeoh : "  There are reasons why you do movies . It 's for the love of it . " "  I think it 's very boring for my audience , just to see me in the regular roles . I love my action films . And I think right now , I have a nice balance , " she told CNN 's Talk Asia . Poise and balance are something that Yeoh is naturally blessed with . Her childhood dream of becoming a professional ballerina was dashed when she sustained an injury while training at the Royal Academy of Dance in London . However , she continued to study completing a degree in dance and a minor in drama , before serving as Miss Malaysia at the age of 21 , which was more of an ambassadorial role for the country 's tourism industry than bikini modeling . Making her film debut in an action movie in 1984 , she made further appearances in Hong Kong action films doing her own stunts , until she married millionaire Hong Kong businessman Dickson Poon in 1988 and put her career on hold . On giving up acting for the sake of her married life she said : "  At that time , it 's very difficult to try and juggle a normal life , be where your husband is , try to start a family life , and filming months on end in another country . So I weighed my options . I am a person that believes , you have to give your all . There 's no half measure in doing things . You do it well or at least you 've got to give it your best shot . " The couple divorced three years later and Yeoh resumed her film career in 1992 in the Jackie Chan smash-hit "  Police Story 3 . " While she continued to use her athleticism in her roles and do her own stunts , in the pursuit of playing good characters and that all-important balance , she credits the directors she has chosen to work with . "  I look at the scripts and you can understand where the story is going ... but it 's a director with a vision that brings it to life , " she said . "  There are reasons why you do movies . It 's for the love of it or you 're thinking of your paycheck . And you have to find your own balance . " When it came to doing "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " Ang Lee was the essential ingredient . "  I did it really because I adore Ang Lee . That 's a true film maker , where they move you , they bring you to places where you ca n't imagine but want to be . " But being an all-or-nothing person has taken its toll when it has come to the stunts she has performed . Yeoh tore her anterior cruciate ligament after the first sequence she performed for "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " which meant that only the dramatic scenes in the film could be shot until she had recovered . Yeoh has turned her attention to producing as well as acting and found it a challenging experience . "  As an actor you would be judged on how your performance is and so that 's where your focus is . It 's a very selfish environment and that sense , because as you know , you ca n't make excuses afterwards . But as a producer , you have to make sure everyone is well protected and everyone is safe . And if anything goes wrong , it 's all on your shoulders , " she told CNN . The films she produced , 2002 's "  The Touch " and "  Sliver Hawk " from 2004 were panned by critics , but she makes no excuses : "  That 's the nature of the business . You should never take these things personally when it works or does n't work . " And when it comes to passing on what she 's learned to young Asian actors , her advice is typically practical . "  For any Asian face , or any Asian girls that have dreams , aspirations or doing crossover work in Hollywood , you must have the language . These are your tools . And then afterwards , the right face , the right demeanor , and the right chemistry . "	Trained dancer turned to acting after injury at college Performs her own stunts and has pioneered stronger female roles in Asian films International recognition came as a Bond girl and "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon "
CNN  -- It was Taylor Anderson 's dream come true to be living in Japan . Then , the March 11 earthquake hit . The 24-year-old American had been teaching English to elementary and middle school students in Ishinomaki , a coastal city of about 160,000 in Miyagi Prefecture for more than two years . But her passion for the Japanese culture was ignited long before she arrived in the country . She began studying the language in middle school , her parents said . As a student at Randolph-Macon College in Ashland , Virginia , she constantly sought ways to share all things Japan with the community . She led book readings of Japanese literature and organized trips to photography exhibits , friends say . She often showed up at the Alpha Gamma Delta sorority house with Japanese snacks to share with her housemates . "  She was never afraid to have such a love of another culture . Some people would hold it back ... but she shared it with us ; I felt like we were a part of it , " Katie Garin Langley said . "  When she found out she was going to Japan , it was such a blessing for her . It was just her dream come true . " Anderson , the oldest of Andy and Jeanne Anderson 's three children , joined the Japan Exchange and Teaching program shortly after graduation in August 2008 and was scheduled to return in August . Her parents last heard from her two days before the March 11 earthquake , which triggered a massive tsunami that devastated parts of northeast Japan , including the town where Anderson lived . Her parents said she was last seen after the earthquake riding her bike away from an elementary school after making sure parents picked up their children . Her family spread the word of her disappearance on Facebook ; her high school , St. Catherine 's School , held a prayer vigil in her honor last Thursday . On Monday , her family announced that the wait had ended . "  It is with deep regret that we inform you that earlier this morning we received a call from the U.S. Embassy in Japan that they had found our beloved Taylor 's body , " her family said in a statement . "  We would like to thank all those whose prayers and support have carried us through this crisis . Please continue to pray for all who remain missing and for the people of Japan . We ask that you respect our privacy during this hard time . " Her death sent shockwaves through her hometown of Chesterfield , Virginia , as well as her college community . "  There 's a great lesson in the fact that Taylor followed her passion , went to Japan and taught youngsters and did exactly what she wanted to do and loved doing it and did very well , " Robert Lindgren , president of Randolph-Macon College said in a statement . Her exuberance for Japan permeated all aspects of her , her friends said . "  She was just so happy to be alive . She took each day as it was and she was just so thrilled to be here and be alive and to make someone happy . She was just infectious . If you were in a bad mood and you saw Taylor , you could n't help but be in a good mood , " Langley said . "  She always put people first . She always cared about other people more than herself . It showed how genuine of a person she was and how nice she really was , " friend and fellow sorority sister Mary Anne Dalle Valle said . She leaves behind a legacy of kindness -- and the memory of a bright smile -- that her friends say will stick with them . "  She was just absolutely lovely and she was completely genuine and so much fun and easy going and a friend to everyone , " friend and sorority sister Virginia Seatherton said . "  We may have lost her as a person but she 'll live on in everything she did and in each of us . She 'll always be with us . " CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	Taylor Anderson 's passion for Japan led her to Miyagi Prefecture to teach English "  When she found out she was going to Japan , it was such a blessing for her , " friend says She was last seen riding bike from school after quake ; parents say her body has been found "  There 's a great lesson in the fact that Taylor followed her passion , " school president says
CNN  -- Nissan Motor Company announced the return of the Datsun brand after 30 years , with plans to introduce a low-cost car in several emerging markets in 2014 . In a nod to the growing importance of developing markets , Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn made the announcement Tuesday in Indonesia , one of three markets the new car line will debut . "  The Datsun brand has a global mission , but when you go on a global mission you start with priorities and today we said our priority are three : They are Indonesia , they are India and they are Russia , " Ghosn said . "  That does n't mean that we are going to be limiting it to there . This is the first step of development , which are these three markets , but absolutely not excluding other high growth markets or other emerging markets from the range of Datsun , " he added . The Datsun brand first emerged in Japan in 1923 but was phased out in the 1980s as the company focused on mid-market buyers and its upscale Infiniti brand , launched in 1989 . The new line will capitalize on the Datsun tradition of low-cost , sporty cars marketed in burgeoning economies where many young drivers are first-time buyers . The company also plans to include a "  green " line of Datsun cars . Ghosn drew an analogy to Japan 's economy when it launched the Datsun brand and today 's Indonesian economy , which has grown steadily at about 6 % per year . The country is the fourth most populous nation in the world with 250 million people . "  Datsun was introduced to Japan to bring reliable , afford and contemporary technology to consumers who had too few choices , " Ghosn said at the Indonesia press conference . "  Today , this is the very situation in Indonesia . There is a growing segment of up and coming customers who have few choices . They can buy motorcycles , they can buy used vehicles or they can buy a new vehicle but one based on older technology . We will offer them an exciting new choice . " The company also announced plans to invest $ 400 million in Indonesia production , adding 3,300 jobs and producing 250,000 vehicles by 2014 . Nissan sales outlets will increase to 150 in Indonesia by 2015 , the company said . "  Datsun is part of our company heritage and will now contribute to its future , " Ghosn said .	Nissan Motor Company announced the return of the Datsun brand after 30 years Plans to introduce a low-cost car in Indonesia , India and Russian markets in 2014 Move underlines the growing importance of developing economies for Nissan Nissan plans to double car production in Indonesia to 250,000 vehicles per year
CNN  -- The first time an assassin 's bullet tried to find her , Maria Santos Gorrostieta escaped , but her husband was killed . That was in 2009 , when she was mayor of Tiquicheo , a small town in the Mexican state of Michoacan , which has seen some of the most brutal drug-related violence . President-elect : More than drugs define Mexico The bullets found her in January of 2010 , but again , she survived . She remained defiant , lifting her shirt at one point to show reporters her bullet wounds and scars after the second attack . Gorrostieta finished her term as mayor in 2011 and remarried . But the forces who wanted her dead prevailed this month , kidnapping her while she drove her daughter to school . Gorrostieta 's body was found last week , her hands bound . No bullets this time . Investigators said there was evidence of a blow to the back of the head . It was a shocking end to a public servant who vowed to put her small town 's interests first while she held a position that many try to influence . "  I will rise up again as many times as God allows me to so that I can keep on seeking , fighting for , and working out plans , projects and actions for the benefit of the people , especially those most in need , " Gorrostieta , who was also a medical doctor , said after one of the unsuccessful attacks against her . Michoacan is the scene of a turf war between rival drug cartels , and smaller organized crime groups operate there as well . In 2009 , she spoke about the importance of entrusting the mayor 's office to a woman . "  The most important thing is not to be afraid , " she said then , gaining a reputation for civic-mindedness . Stories of heroes and villains constantly emerge from Mexico , where acts of bravery and savagery coexist in the midst of a plague of drug violence . Mexican beauty queen killed in shootout Mexican president-elect : Not just drugs Gorrostieta 's story appears to fall easily within the heroic category , though a report published Tuesday in the leading newspaper El Universal is a reminder that the most accurate tales often include shades of gray . Even though a majority of Mexico is safe from drug violence , the newspaper described Gorrostieta 's city of Tiquicheo as one where the local drug trade called the shots and , citing unnamed sources , may have factored in its politics . Investigators are not ruling out any possible motives -- political , personal or criminal -- in her killing , the state 's deputy attorney general , Marco Aguilera , told CNN . The investigation is focusing on reconstructing the 11 months of Gorrostieta 's life since leaving office and whether there is anything that indicates impending danger . The former mayor did not reach out to authorities to seek protection or to report threats at any time , Aguilera said . The deputy attorney general said that her first husband , Jose Sanchez , had been the target of a failed assassination attempt before the first attack against his wife , in which Sanchez died . Between them , the couple was targeted a total of four times , and a motive for the attacks was never established , Aguilera said .	Maria Santos Gorrostieta was fearless in the face of assassination attempts She was hailed for her bravery , but was found dead last week A report says the local drug trade called the shots in her town of Tiquicheo Investigators are n't ruling out any possible motives -- political , personal or criminal
Empowered Patient is a regular feature from CNN Medical News correspondent Elizabeth Cohen that helps put you in the driver 's seat when it comes to health care . Studies have shown that acupuncture can ease pain , but researchers are n't sure of the exact mechanism . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dr. Andrew Weil was n't sure exactly how he hurt his knee ; all he knew was that it was painful . But instead of turning to cortisone shots or heavy doses of pain medication , Weil turned to the ancient Chinese medicine practice of acupuncture . "  It worked -- my knee felt much better , " says Weil . Americans spend billions of dollars each year on alternative medicine , everything from chiropractic care to hypnosis . Weil says alternative medicine can work wonders -- acupuncture , certain herbs , guided imagery . For example , Dr. Brian Berman , director of the Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of Maryland School of Medicine , has done a series of studies showing acupuncture 's benefits for osteoarthritis of the knee . Extensive studies have also been done on mind-body approaches such as guided imagery , and on some herbs , including St. John 's wort . But on the other hand , there also is a lot of quackery out there , Weil says . "  I 've seen it all , -LSB- including -RSB- products that claim to increase sexual vigor , cure cancer and allay financial anxiety . " So how do you know what works and what does n't when it comes to alternative medicine ? Just a decade ago , there were n't many well-done , independent studies on herbs , acupuncture , massage or hypnosis , so patients did n't have many facts to guide them . But in 1999 , eight academic medical centers , including Harvard , Duke and Stanford , banded together with the purpose of encouraging research and education on alternative medicine . Eight years later , the Consortium of Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine has 38 member universities , and has gathered evidence about what practices have solid science behind them . Here , from experts at five of those universities , are five alternative medicine practices that are among the most promising because they have solid science behind them . 1 . Acupuncture for pain Hands , down , this was the No. 1 recommendation from our panel of experts . They also recommended acupuncture for other problems , including nausea after surgery and chemotherapy . 2 . Calcium , magnesium , and vitamin B6 for PMS When pre-menstrual syndrome rears its ugly head , gynecologist Dr. Tracy Gaudet encourages her patients to take these dietary supplements . "  They can have a huge impact on moodiness , bloating , and on heavy periods , " says Gaudet , who 's the executive director of Duke Integrative Medicine at Duke University Medical School . 3 . St. John 's Wort for depression The studies are a bit mixed on this one , but our panel of experts agreed this herb -- once thought to rid the body of evil spirits - is definitely promising . "  It 's worth a try for mild to moderate depression , " says Weil , founder and director of the Program in Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona . "  Remember it will take six to eight weeks to see an effect . " Remember , too , that St. John 's wort can interfere with some medicines ; the University of Maryland Medical Center has a list . 4 . Guided imagery for pain and anxiety "  Go to your happy place " has become a clich , but our experts say it really works . The technique , of course , is more complicated than that . "  In guided imagery we invite you to relax and focus on breathing and transport you mentally to a different place , " says Mary Jo Kreitzer , Ph.D. , R.N. , founder and director of the Center for Spirituality and Healing at the University of Minnesota . There 's a guided imagery demo at the University of Minnesota 's Web site . 5 . Glucosamine for joint pain "  It 's safe , and it looks like it 's effective , " says Dr. Frederick Hecht , director of research at the Osher Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of California , San Francisco . "  It may be the first thing that actually reverses cartilage loss in osteoarthritis . " All our experts warn that since alternative medicine is financially lucrative , a lot of charlatans have gotten into the business . They have these tips for being a savvy shopper : 1 . Look for "  USP " or "  NSF " on the labels "  The biggest mistake people make is they do n't get a good product , " says Dr. Mary Hardy , medical director of the Sims/Mann-UCLA Center for Integrative Oncology . She says the stamp of approval from the United States Pharmacopoeia or NSF International , two groups with independent verification programs , means what 's on the label is in the product . 2 . Find a good practitioner Make sure the alternative medicine practitioner you 're going to is actually trained to practice alternative medicine . One place to start is the Consortium for Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine 3 . Be wary of crazy claims "  Anything that sounds too good to be true probably is , " says Weil . And once you do start on your journey with alternative medicine , here 's a piece of advice : Take it slow . Alternative medicine works , but sometimes not as quickly as taking a drug . "  I tell people it 's going to take a while , " says Hardy . "  I tell them to do a six - to eight-week trial , or even 12 weeks . " E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	A number of alternative medical practices have solid science behind them Acupuncture highly recommended for pain , nausea Research mixed , but St. John 's wort viewed as worth a try for depression
When islanders first got a glimpse of Jose Salvador Alvarenga , they saw an extremely weak man wearing only tattered underwear . On his battered boat , a live bird was tethered by its foot -- narrowly missing becoming his next meal . And as he recounted his story , faster than his rescuers could comprehend , Alvarenga ate like he had n't had a full meal in months . As crazy as it sounds , his tale just might be true after all . New details from the day Alvarenga mysteriously turned up in the Marshall Islands appear to lend weight to his story of drifting across the Pacific Ocean for 13 months . It was a rainy , windy day on Ebon , the atoll where Alvarenga was found January 30 . Mayor Ione deBrum was first alerted to the mysterious visitor when a boy biked to her office from the other side of the island . The boy had been dispatched by Amy Libokmeto and Russell Laikedrik -- the islanders who first spotted Alvarenga , yelling and waving a knife from one island over . Libokmeto motioned for him to drop the knife , and then the pair sprang into action , sending word to the mayor and providing Alvarenga with food , water and clean clothes , deBrum told CNN . Alvarenga inhaled pancake after pancake as he and his rescuers communicated with each other using a mix of charades and hand-drawn pictures . DeBrum 's son even helped translate the Salvadoran 's story , using Spanish skills learned entirely from the animated children 's series "  Dora the Explorer . " The story was beyond belief for many . Alvarenga said he set off in late 2012 from Mexico on what was supposed to be a one-day fishing expedition . But he and a 23-year-old companion were blown off-course by northerly winds and then caught in a storm , eventually losing the use of their engines . They had no radio signal to report their plight , he said . Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , his companion died of starvation because he refused to eat raw birds and turtles . Eventually , he threw the body overboard . Alvarenga 's claims have garnered widespread skepticism about how he could survive the more than 6,000-mile trek across the open ocean . But officials in the Marshall Islands have said repeatedly they have no reason to doubt the story . After more than a week on the island , Alvarenga began his journey home Monday . He posed for photos with dignitaries from the Marshall Islands before boarding a plane headed for Hawaii . Appearing frail but in good spirits , he was taken to the plane in a wheelchair and helped up the stairs by two people . He said that he was very emotional , that he was feeling good and that he was looking forward to getting home . Plans for his repatriation to El Salvador were postponed last week after his health took a turn for the worse . But Marshall Islands Foreign Minister Phillip Muller said Monday that the castaway was in good health and ready to travel . His flight from Amata Kabua International Airport arrived in Honolulu Monday . He is expected to continue his journey and arrive in El Salvador on Tuesday .	A flight carrying Jose Salvador Alvarenga arrives in Hawaii New details from the day castaway appeared lend weight to his story A live bird was found tethered to his battered boat in the Marshall Islands He communicated his story to his rescuers using charades and drawing pictures
CNN  "  Would you tell a joke mocking the Prophet Mohammed ? " Being a comedian who is Muslim , I ca n't tell you how many times I 've been asked that question over the years . And in the aftermath of the terrorist attack in Paris , I am again being asked it over and over . My answer before the attack was that I have never told jokes mocking the Prophet Mohammed , nor have I told jokes mocking Jesus , Moses or any other religious figures . And now after the attack , I 'm certainly not going to go out of my way to write jokes about those subjects . I refuse to alter my freedom of expression because of terrorists . Yet some -- mostly on the right -- have insisted to me , via social media , that I must now do jokes mocking the Prophet Mohammed . They frame it -- bizarrely -- as a litmus test for my patriotism to America or my support for freedom of expression . Just so it 's clear , as a writer , comedian and Muslim-American , I strongly believe that all the cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad should be published , uncensored by media outlets .  In fact , I have organized a comedy benefit in New York for next week in defense of freedom of expression that will features mostly , but not all , Muslim comedians . But what jokes are acceptable to show should be the choice of every media outlet , just as it 's the choice of every comedian to decide which jokes he or she wants to tell . Freedom of expression encompasses both the choice to say what you want and to refrain from saying things you do n't want to . So why wo n't I tell jokes about religious figures ? It has nothing to do with religious beliefs . The reason , simply put , is that my comedy focuses on mocking the people in power ; the ones who are committing the bad acts or holding elected office  and often those two are the same .  The Prophet Mohammed died nearly 1,500 years ago . He is n't doing anything . ISIS , al Qaeda and the like are , so they are the ones I will continue to mock . This is the same reasoning that guided me and my co-director , Negin Farsad , in our choices for the 2012 comedy documentary "  The Muslims Are Coming ! " The film , which uses humor to counter misconceptions about Muslims , also comically mocks the anti-Muslim bigots . But even though some of these haters were self-proclaimed Christian leaders , like the Rev. Pat Robertson and the American Family Association 's Bryan Fischer , we did n't mock Jesus for their actions . No , we went after the people spewing the hate . Still I was curious as to how my fellow comedians , especially the Muslim ones , would respond to the Paris attack . Would it change their comedy in any way ? Would it make them more defiant in their content choices ? Would any be more hesitant to do certain jokes ? So I asked about 20 comedians , via social media and email , about the Paris attack . Regardless of whether they were Muslims living in Cairo or atheists living in New York , the comics ' responses were consistent : They denounced the Paris attack and stood up for freedom of expression . That was true even for some of the Muslim comedians , who acknowledged that they could understand why the cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed could offend people . But none of the Muslim comedians said they were personally offended .  Generally , it takes a lot to offend a comedian ! Dubai comedian Ali Al Sayed explained by email that there are limits on comedy content in much  but not all  of the Middle East when it comes to jokes about religion , sex and politics . Some of the restrictions are based on laws , while others are imposed by comedy show producers in the hopes of not offending audience members  it 's bad for business  . Of the terrorist attack on Charlie Hebdo , Sayed wrote , "  this ` gangsta Muslim ' response needs to stop , it has no place in our religion and is no way justified by the Quran . " Maysoon Zayid , one of the best-known Muslim-American comedians , has pushed the envelope over the years . Zayid explained via email that she has told jokes that mentioned the Prophet Mohammed in the past and would do so in the future . "  I will not let extremists scare me silent , " she said . Interestingly , Egypt 's Rami Boraie did acknowledge that the Paris terror attack would change his comedy . But not as you might predict . Boraie noted via Facebook that he 's more motivated now than ever to become better known as a comedian so he can use his fame and comedy to "  reclaim Islam from these radicals . " This sentiment -- taking back Islam from groups like ISIS through comedy -- has been gaining for months in the Middle East . Muslim comedians across the region have been risking their lives to ridicule ISIS in TV shows and YouTube videos . They have , in effect , called out ISIS for being the "  un-Islamic " state . But as New York based comedian Joe DeRosa  not a Muslim  mentioned , telling jokes about any religious figure , not just Mohammed , can be challenging : "  I 've been physically threatened for telling Jesus jokes . ... Am I a coward if I do n't joke about certain things that could cause a dangerous reaction ? Or am I smart ? I honestly do n't know . " There 's no right answer to this thoughtful question . To me it sums up the essence of free speech . It 's a choice that each person should be free to make . We must defend both those who are making statements that offend and those who choose not to do so .	Dean Obeidallah : Some challenge him to tell anti-Muslim jokes in defiance of terrorists But he and other comedians say freedom means being able to choose to offend or not
CNN  -- Congolese rebels took control of the eastern city of Goma and part of the border with Rwanda on Tuesday after days of heavy clashes , a Congolese reporter there said . The rebels took control of the government radio station in Goma and were seen walking through town , entering government and police buildings , said the reporter , who could not be named for security reasons . The rebels are part of the M23 rebel group , which has been engaged in heavy fighting with Congolese army forces in the region since last Thursday . Though 1,500 United Nations peacekeeping troops are in Goma and have control of the airport there , a U.N. spokesman said the situation is at a "  critical stage . " "  Reports indicate that the M23 has wounded civilians , is continuing abductions of children and women , is destroying property and is intimidating journalists and those who have attempted to resist their control , " said Eduardo del Buey , the deputy spokesman for the U.N. secretary-general . A total of 6,000 troops from the U.N. mission in Congo , MONUSCO , are in the wider region of North and South Kivu , patrolling areas of particular insecurity , del Buey said . The United Nations , the African Union and countries in the region are demanding that M23 immediately stop its attacks , Buey said . France and Britain expressed their concerns Tuesday . The British Foreign Office said its minister for Africa , Mark Simmonds , was traveling to Rwanda , Congo , and Uganda to support efforts to end the crisis . "  I am deeply concerned by the current crisis and I urge the M23 to stop their offensive and for all external support to the M23 to cease , " Simmonds said in a statement ahead of the visit . Read more : Rebel group advances in eastern Congo , nearing regional capital The conflict spread over the border Tuesday when several shells hit Rwanda , killing two people and wounding several others , Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo told CNN . An M23 rebel spokesman , calling his group the Revolutionary Army of Congo , went on the radio Tuesday afternoon to address the people of Goma . Lt. Col. Vianey Kazarama said the group was there to protect the population and that people should return to work Wednesday . Any remaining pockets of the army should join the rebels or the M23 will fight against them , Kazarama said . He called on members of the police and army still in Goma to meet with the rebel leadership Wednesday morning to hand over their weapons and uniforms and join the rebels ' cause . The group has already started recruiting new members at the police headquarters in Goma , according to the Congolese reporter on the scene . Several high-ranking government officials have fled Goma for nearby Bukavu , in South Kivu , U.N. officials and a senior NGO official said earlier Tuesday . The local Goma government could not be reached for comment . Nor could MONUSCO , which is mandated to protect civilians in Goma . Read more : Fighting worsens ` deteriorating ' situation in eastern Congo The eastern part of Congo , which includes Goma , has been embroiled in violence since 1994 , when Hutu forces crossed the border from Rwanda fearing reprisals following the genocide . Soldiers from the M23 group were part of the national army as part of peace negotiations brokered in 2009 . They broke away from the Congolese army in April , however , complaining of a lack of pay and poor conditions . One of its commanders , Bosco Ntaganda , is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes , including recruiting child soldiers . Security analysts say the rebellion in eastern Congo has dangerous regional implications , and the international community has expressed alarm at the M23 advances . British Foreign Secretary William Hague condemned M23 's advance into Goma and said anyone responsible for rights abuses would be held to account . "  The M23 must withdraw their forces immediately and allow legitimate government control to be restored . The cessation of hostilities and the protection of civilians is paramount , " he said in a statement . The International Crisis Group , an independent anti-conflict non-profit group , warned that the fall of Goma could lead to serious human rights abuses against civilians . The settling of scores or even extrajudicial killing of members of the authorities and civil society activists who have opposed M23 could fuel further violence , it said . The unrest could also spread to neighboring communities and "  relaunch open warfare between the DRC and Rwanda , " the group said on its website . The United Nations and some donor countries have accused neighboring Rwanda of backing the M23 rebel group by providing it with arms , support and even soldiers . Rwandan President Paul Kagame has repeatedly denied the allegation , and Mushikiwabo said Tuesday Rwanda has moved "  way past " the accusations . Rwanda will not engage in any talks with M23 , Mushikiwabo said . "  Our interlocutor is the government of the DRC , " she said . Mushikiwabo said Rwanda would close the border crossing if asked to by the Congolese government , but that such a move could have humanitarian consequences . Tens of thousands of Congolese , already displaced by previous rounds of fighting in the volatile region , have fled camps around the edges of Goma , according to UNICEF and the medical charity Doctors Without Borders . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Britain sends an official to the region to discuss an end to the crisis Reports say M23 is taking children and women , destroying property , and intimidating journalists The U.N. alleges ` grave violations of international humanitarian and human rights law ' Shells fired over the border kill two people in Rwanda , the foreign minister says
CNN Student News  -- February 1 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Are social media effective at leading to change ? If so , to what extent ? If not , why not ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who is President Obama 's nominee for U.S. secretary of defense ? * * 2 . Which of these countries shares a border with Syria : Afghanistan , Iran , Lebanon , or Saudi Arabia ? * * 3 . Colin Powell , Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton all held what position in the U.S. government ? * * 4 . On what day of the week are most new CDs and DVDs released in the U.S. ? * * 5 . On Monday , four Democrats and four Republicans in the Senate announced a plan to reform what U.S. policy ? * * 6 . What member of the British royal family recently returned home after serving in Afghanistan ? * * 7 . Who was the winning coach in the first Super Bowl ? * * 8 . Which U.S. president started the tradition of throwing out baseball 's first opening-day pitch ? * * 9 . Which country sees more tornadoes than any other in the world ? * * 10 . Who is known as the Father of Black History ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
New York  CNN  -- Some family members of people killed in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks announced Thursday that they have requested the names and addresses of other survivors as part of an effort to stop the city from placing unidentified remains in a repository in a museum under construction at ground zero . A spokesman for New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said flatly that providing the names "  is not something we will do . " The 17 family members filed a Freedom of Information Law request so they can notify other families and seek their input . They say they and other families were never notified or consulted about the plan , which they consider part of a commercial operation to lure tourists . "  These are our beloved remains , our sons , our daughters , our siblings and spouses , " Rosemary Cain said . Her son , George Cain , was a New York City firefighter killed on 9/11 . "  We have the right to decide where they will spend eternity . " More than half of the families of the 2,749 victims of the World Trade Center attacks never received any remains of their loved ones . Many others were able to bury only partial remains . More than 9,000 body parts are still unidentified and have been stored in temporary structures maintained by the New York Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . The current plan calls for the remains to be housed in an underground repository , behind a wall in the museum , and adjacent to a memorial gallery filled with pictures and artifacts of the victims . The museum , which is under construction , is located beneath the footprints of the two World Trade Center towers . The repository will be controlled by the medical examiner 's office , which will continue to have access to the remains in the hope that , as DNA technology progresses , more positive identifications can be made . The National September 11 Memorial and Museum disputes the claims that families were never notified about the plans , and says it was the express wish of many families that their loved ones ' remains return to the bedrock at ground zero . "  Families have been part of a robust process through which they were consulted during public and private meetings with officials , as well as offered opportunities for public comment , " according to a statement from the organization . "  And they have repeatedly stated it is essential the remains return to the sacred bedrock of the site . " Feedback from those meetings also led to the creation of a private space , open only to families , near the repository . And families will also be able to make individual appointments to visit the repository after hours , according to the 9/11 Memorial organization . In response to the FOIL request , a spokesman for Bloomberg said , "  Many family members would rightly be outraged if the city made their personal information , including home addresses , public , and of course that is not something we will do . " Additional FOIL requests were also sent to the mayor 's community affairs unit , the medical examiner and the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation . Retired Deputy Chief Jim Riches , who lost his firefighter son Jimmy Riches on 9/11 and is part of the group that filed the FOIL request , said he always knew the remains would come back to ground zero . "  But we were told it was going to be separate and distinct from the museum and visitor 's center , " he said , adding that what he envisioned was more akin to the Tomb of the Unknowns at Arlington National Cemetery , that would be above ground and distinct from the museum . Like the other family members he joined at the Thursday press conference near ground zero , Riches said he never received any notification about the decision with regard to the remains . In a recent opinion piece published in the Wall Street Journal , family members who are also board members of the museum foundation said it was decided that an underground repository was better than an above-ground tomb . "  The latter structure would be a constant magnet for disrespectful public displays and demonstrations ... and would be impossible to secure around the clock , " they wrote . Riches dismissed the notion that an above-ground tomb could not be protected . Attorney Norman Siegel , who filed the FOIL request on behalf of the families , said he has seen "  not a single letter ... that was addressed to the families notifying them of the plan and asking them for their input regarding the plan . " In contrast , Rosaleen Tallon , who lost her firefighter brother Sean Patrick Tallon on 9/11 , said she had received letters from the 9/11 Memorial regarding other matters , such as confirming the correct spelling of her brother 's name and informing her of location of the name on the above-ground memorial . "  Surely a letter should have been sent out on letterhead from the 9/11 Memorial and Museum and the City of New York telling us , at the very least , what they were doing with our loved ones ' remains , " she said .	Freedom of Information Law request filed seeking names , addresses of 9/11 families 17 family members say they are displeased with plans for repository for remains National September 17 Memorial and Museum disputes group 's claim NYC will not release information , spokesman for mayor says
CNN  Denmark has slammed as "  unacceptable " comments by Russia 's envoy to Denmark that joining NATO 's missile defense shield would make Danish warships "  targets for Russian nuclear missiles . " In August last year , Denmark said that at least one of its frigates would be equipped with a radar that would allow it to contribute to NATO 's missile defense shield . In an opinion article published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten on Saturday , Russian Ambassador Mikhail Vanin said he did not think the Danes fully understood the consequences of joining the missile shield . "  If this happens , Danish warships become targets for Russian nuclear missiles , " he wrote . Denmark 's Minister for Foreign Affairs Martin Lidegaard said Vanin 's remarks were unacceptable . "  Russia knows full well that NATO 's missile defense is defensive and not targeted at them  Russia  , " Lidegaard said . "  However , I would not over-dramatize this . Right now we disagree with Russia on many important issues , but we also cooperate , for example , in the Arctic and it is important that the tone between us does not escalate . We certainly are not contributing to that . " Tensions between Russia and NATO member countries have been mounting since Russia 's annexation of Crimea in 2014 and claims its military has been involved in the ongoing violence in eastern Ukraine . Moscow has repeatedly denied its military is involved . In April 2014 , NATO foreign ministers said they had "  decided to suspend all practical civilian and military cooperation between NATO and Russia " over the issue . The United States and NATO allies have been conducting military exercises as part of "  Operation Atlantic Resolve , " which the United States describes as "  a demonstration of our continued commitment to the collective security of NATO and dedication to the enduring peace and stability in the region , in light of the Russian intervention in Ukraine specifically . " On March 2 , NATO Deputy Secretary General Alexander Vershbow told the alliance 's annual meeting on arms control : "  Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea and its continuing destabilization of Eastern Ukraine have put the European security system -- and all the rules and agreements that underpin it -- under severe strain . " Last Monday , state-run Russian media reported that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered his Northern Fleet "  to full alert in a snap combat readiness exercise " in the Arctic . At least one Russian leader described the drill as routine and unrelated to the "  international situation . " Conversely , Deputy Foreign Minister Alexey Meshkov told Tass news agency that Russia was "  deeply concerned " about NATO drills near its border . NATO says the long-term goal of its missile shield is "  to merge individual Allies ' missile defense assets into a coherent defense system , providing full protection for NATO European populations , territory and forces against ballistic missiles threats . " NATO has previously asked Russia to participate in the system , but negotiations were deadlocked over Russia 's demand for a legally binding treaty guaranteeing the shield would not be used as a deterrent to Moscow 's own systems .	Denmark slams Russia 's envoy for warning against joining the NATO missile shield Ambassador Mikhail Vanin says he did not think the Danes fully understood the consequences Joining would make Danish warships "  targets for Russian nuclear missiles , " Vanin says
CNN  -- It was the cruelest of ironies unleashed by Super Typhoon Haiyan . One of the strongest ever recorded , the storm put the Philippine port city of Tacloban underwater , and storm chaser James Reynolds was there filming the natural disaster at what 's been regarded as its ground zero . Then , when evening fell , the town caught fire . There was water , water , everywhere -- yet nary enough to put out a fire , Reynolds said . The surge of sea water was followed by a sea of flames . Interactive map of the storm The futility -- and absurdity -- of the moment was captured by one merchant using buckets of water against the inferno in his shop . It was hopeless . The merchant did n't stand a chance , said Reynolds , who 's from Oxford , England . "  One block of the city was up in flames , a raging fire was burning uncontrollably , " Reynolds said in telephone interview from the Philippines . "  I honestly felt like it was some sort of disaster movie . It was so bad , it did n't seem real . This struck home hard that this was a city in a desolate state , " he said . ` Worse than hell ' Nothing else like this storm Haiyan was the worst storm that Reynolds , 30 , has ever chased . Since 2005 , he and his Earth Uncut Productions crew have filmed 35 typhoons -- plus a couple of major volcanic eruptions including Mount Merapi in Indonesia in 2010 . They also covered the aftermath of the Japanese tsunami in 2011 . "  It was without a doubt the most catastrophic event I 've witnessed before my eyes , " Reynolds said of the super typhoon . "  To actually go through a disaster as it takes place and then be there afterward just compares to nothing . It 'll probably be the only time in my life . " The experience was n't without casualties to crew and gear , however . One team member suffered a six-inch gash down to the bone of his leg , Reynolds said . So the team managed to get a helicopter ride to the Tacloban airport . Road travel was n't possible because downed trees and utility poles closed streets . From the airport , the Philippine military was kind enough to give the film crew a plane ride Saturday to Cebu City , where medical care was available . The storm also destroyed most of Reynolds ' camera gear , so he used a small backup camera and even his iPhone to film the biblical-like flooding of Tacloban -- until his batteries began to die . Philippines gets more than its share of disasters The team had no choice but to cut short its extraordinary work in Tacloban . Reynolds and his crew filmed the height of flooding while at a Tacloban hotel . There , guests on the first floor had to be ferried out of danger while afloat on mattresses , including one elderly woman escorted by good Samaritans wading through the waist-high water . The first-floor guests could n't open their doors against the rising water , so they smashed windows to try to exit . A CNN crew assisted ; its members also were staying at the hotel . "  It was really put the cameras down , we 've got to get out there and help these people . Otherwise possibly they could drown , " Reynolds said . The first-floor guests were taken to higher ground . "  The water was coming in everywhere , even in the heart of the hotel , " Reynolds said . "  And my camera gave up . All the batteries were drained , and there was no electricity . " ` You could feel the whole hotel ... shaking ' Reynolds chose the hotel because it was made of concrete , was about five miles inland and had an elevation of four stories , well above the surge of ocean that was expected to sweep over the coastal city -- and did . The crew got lucky : they checked into the last available room on the fourth floor . Even if there was no room at the inn , they would have slept in the hallway of the fourth floor , just for the safe refuge , Reynolds said . "  During the height of the storm , the scream of the wind was deafening . We could hear just thunderous crashes of debris flying through the air . At some points , you could feel the whole hotel , which was made of solid concrete , shaking , " Reynolds said . To film the apocalyptic moment , the crew arrived in Tacloban on Thursday from their Hong Kong offices . They initially checked into small waterfront hotel and then moved to a beach resort , but they abandoned both places as they received reports of the impending storm 's ferocity . Tacloban emerges as one of Typhoons Haiyan 's most damaged targets For all their efforts , they found the most cinematic moment in the silence after the super typhoon passed . It was Friday night , and Reynolds was standing on his hotel 's roof . A blackout enveloped the town . Then the sky became afire . "  You could see the city skyline illuminated by lighting . The city was up in flames . And it was surreal , " Reynolds said . For all the peril and loss , would Reynolds do it again ? "  Yes ! " he said . But not for a while , he added . How to help survivors	James Reynolds and his production crew arrive in Tacloban just to film the super typhoon They change hotels three times , only to find themselves filming rescues in flooded hotel Water , water , everywhere , yet nary enough to put out a fire in town , he recounts Then , in the blackout after the storm , the sky is afire with lightning and flames
CNN  -- Former President John F. Kennedy saw a proposed ban on above-ground nuclear tests as a way to thaw U.S.-Soviet relations after the Cuban Missile Crisis , according to recordings released Thursday . President John F. Kennedy expresses a desire to thaw U.S.-Soviet relatations , on newly released recordings . "  If it does represent a possibility of avoiding the kind of collision that we had last fall in Cuba , which was quite close , and Berlin in 1961 , we should seize the chance , " Kennedy said in a July 1963 meeting with top government scientists . He signed a treaty with the Soviets and the British the following month that banned nuclear tests in the atmosphere , underwater or in space . Kennedy 's presidential library in Boston , Massachusetts , released the four-minute recording of the meeting , held just four months before his assassination . The scientists taking part included John Foster and Norris Bradbury , the directors of two of the top U.S. nuclear laboratories ; Glenn Seaborg , then-head of the Atomic Energy Commission ; and a member of the commission , John Palfrey . Kennedy expressed hope that the treaty could produce "  the possibility of a detente " between Washington and Moscow , "  which may not come to anything but which quite possibly could come to something . " The meeting took place just nine months after the discovery of Soviet missiles in Cuba brought the world 's major nuclear powers to the brink of war . Kennedy said the Soviets were having "  domestic , internal economic problems " and he was worried about the rise of China after a major diplomatic split in 1960 . "  I do n't think anybody can say with any precision , but there is n't any doubt that the dispute with China is certainly a factor , " Kennedy said , adding , "  They want to avoid a nuclear struggle or ... they want to lessen the chances of conflict with us . " But he said the rising nuclear ambitions of China , which would conduct its first tests the following year , could force the United States to resume its own tests . "  It may be that the Chinese test in the next year , 18 months , 2 years , and we would then make the judgment to see if we should go back to testing , " he said .	Kennedy 's presidential library released four-minute recording of the meeting Meeting held just four months before his assassination Kennedy on recording : "  We should seize the chance " Kennedy hoped for "  possibility of a detente " between Washington and Moscow
Delta Junction , Alaska  CNN  -- The Trans-Alaska Pipeline , 800 miles long and carrying an estimated 650,000 barrels of oil a day , sweeps majestically over the fast-flowing Tanana River here . For most of its 33-year history , the pipeline has done its work well . It survived an earthquake and even a 2001 attack by a deranged man who pumped six high-powered bullets into its skin . But a little-publicized accident over the Memorial Day weekend has triggered a wave of concern among congressional investigators and led to accusations that Alyeska , the oil company consortium that manages the pipeline , is cutting maintenance and safety budgets . According to pipeline critics , those cuts could endanger the entire system and one day lead to a spill that would shatter Alaska 's fragile ecosystems . "  There 's incident after incident within the last six months  that  might seem like small things , but when you put them all together , in a relatively short period of time , it really tells you how poorly this pipeline is being maintained , " Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , told CNN in an interview to air on tonigh ' t "  AC360 " Stupak said the biggest and most troubling incident by far was a shutdown of the pipeline caused when both the main power and the backup power failed during a routine systems test at a spot called Pump Station 9 , about 10 miles from Delta Junction . It 's one of 12 pumping stations between Prudhoe Bay on Alaska 's North Slope and the oil terminus at Valdez . Stupak said no one from Alyeska noticed because Pump Station 9 was unmanned -- part of a plan by the pipeline operator to reduce manpower . With no power to control the oil flow , the result , company officials acknowledged , was a spill of tens of thousands of barrels of oil into a so-called capture tank . About 5,000 barrels then leaked onto the ground nearby . CNN was told by Alyeska 's chief of security in Fairbanks that a crew could videotape Pump Station 9 from the company parking lot so long as they ventured no farther . When the team from CNN 's Special Investigations Unit arrived , however , security personnel stopped them at the entrance about 10 yards from the highway . A guard said he had received instructions to stop them , and he did n't allow CNN access . Later , Alyeska Vice President of Operations Mike Joynor told CNN that he was unaware of the incident . As for the spill , he said Alyeska was still investigating why the power failed . Joynor said the company also was in the midst of developing recommendations to ensure the power failure would not be repeated . But he told CNN those steps would not be made public . According to Alaska state Rep. David Guttenberg , who once worked as a construction worker for Alyeska , the company also wants to move its most valuable engineers and safety experts to company headquarters in Anchorage , far from the pipeline . They now work in Fairbanks , much closer to any potential pipeline spill . "  The e-mails we 've been receiving , the fact that Alyeska is moving people away from their posts where they should be out in the field , 350 miles away to an office building in Anchorage , creates a problem of proximity to their work , " Guttenberg said . And one Alyeska source told CNN that a backlog of deferred maintenance , year after year , is the real problem . That backlog is creating what the source called a "  bow wave " of repairs that will some day soon cause a cascade of safety and integrity concerns to hit the Trans-Alaska Pipeline . BP is the dominant partner in Alyeska , controlling 46.3 percent of its budget . It is the dominant partner in the relationship , according to Richard Fineberg , who has served four Alaska governors as an oil and gas advisor and says BP 's insistence on cost-cutting has influenced the pipeline consortium . Alyeska CEO Kevin Hostler , a former BP executive , announced his early retirement in July after being severely criticized by Stupak . But Joynor told CNN that even though the company 's two most recent presidents have come from BP , there is no undue influence from the company , now under fire for its handling of the massive spill in the Gulf of Mexico . And Alyeska says its maintenance budgets fall "  within industry standards " and that it is "  routine practice " to defer some maintenance items for the succeeding budget year . Joynor said the pipeline is safe and secure and told CNN that the planned movement of personnel involves only office staff , not "  first responders , " as he put it . He said the pipeline is safe , and he was not under pressure to cut costs . "  We stick to what our core values are : Safety , integrity , environmental protection and protection of a safe work force , " Joynor said .	A remote spill dumped 5,000 barrels of crude from the pipeline in May Congressman says "  incident after incident " has plagued the pipeline Deferred maintenance risks a bigger spill , source says Pipeline operator Alyeska says the massive conduit is safe
CNN  -- The economic downturn may take its toll at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival , which opens Wednesday night . But as always , the show will go on . Eli Roth and Brad Pitt are men on a mission in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds . " Studios are cutting back on parties and all the glitz that goes with them , according to news reports . Moreover , there will be fewer people around to cover Cannes , as news organizations around the world trim costs .  Several , in fact , have tightened up by eliminating their movie reviewers . Nevertheless , those who attend may see a bumper crop of good and intriguing films , Variety 's Jay Weissberg told Reuters . "  We 've all been hoping Cannes would pull something out of the bag to make us feel good again . On paper , they have . " Leah Rozen , film critic for People magazine , said there are several promising contenders for the Palme d'Or , Cannes ' top prize , as well as a number of notable movies premiering out of competition . "  What Cannes really is , is an international festival , and you really see world cinema , " she said . "  This year , there are 52 films that are going to be represented , of which 20 are in competition . " See Rozen talk about some of this year 's promising works " Two of the films in competition are American : Quentin Tarantino 's World War II movie , "  Inglourious Basterds , " and Ang Lee 's "  Taking Woodstock , " a tale about the 1969 music festival . Tarantino told The New York Times that he 's been hoping to do a war movie for years . "  You 've got to make a movie about something , and I 'm a film guy , so I think in terms of genres , " he said . However , the maker of "  Pulp Fiction " and "  Jackie Brown " added , that does n't mean what he ends up with resembles what he started with : "  It 's simply the spark that starts the fire . " "  Inglourious Basterds " was inspired by a 1978 Italian film that starred Bo Svenson  "  Walking Tall , Part 2 "  and football player-turned-actor Fred Williamson  "  Black Caesar "  . Tarantino 's film , which he characterized to the Times as "  not a remake , " stars Brad Pitt and Mike Myers . Cannes has been good to Tarantino ; he won the Palme d'Or for "  Pulp Fiction " 15 years ago . Buzz has been high on "  Basterds " since Tarantino announced the project several years ago . "  Taking Woodstock , " the new film by "  Brokeback Mountain " director Lee , is based on the book by Elliot Tiber , whose hotelier parents owned a musical festival permit in Bethel , New York , where Woodstock was held . The cast includes Liev Schreiber , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , Emile Hirsch , Imelda Staunton and Eugene Levy as Max Yasgur , on whose farm the festival was finally held . Other films in competition include Lars von Trier 's "  Antichrist , " Jane Campion 's "  Bright Star " and Pedro Almodovar 's "  Broken Embraces . " Gallery : Some of Cannes ' recent winners " But this year 's Cannes festival is attracting plenty of attention for its out-of-competition films as well . The festival is opening with "  Up , " the latest animated work from Pixar . "  That sort of breaks convention to open with what is , basically , a fancy cartoon , " Rozen said . Also at Cannes will be Heath Ledger 's last film , "  The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus . " The Oscar-winning "  Dark Knight " actor died during the making of the Terry Gilliam film ; Gilliam managed to complete it by doing some rewriting and casting other actors -- including Jude Law , Colin Farrell and Johnny Depp -- to play Ledger 's part . Despite the interest in seeing Ledger , the film is still struggling to find a buyer , though Entertainment Weekly recently reported that a Los Angeles screening went over well . Cannes , which also functions as a huge film marketplace , may widen the net in attracting distributors . But much of the fun from Cannes comes from the films that emerge from nowhere . Recent winners of the Palme d'Or include 2000 's "  Dancer in the Dark , " which established singer Bjork as an actress , and "  4 Months , 3 Weeks and 2 Days , " a Romanian film that ended up topping many critics ' lists in 2007 . "  One thing that always surprises me is that some of the films you have the lowest expectations for turn out to be terrific , and sometimes the bigger films turn out to be disappointments , " Rozen said .	Quentin Tarantino 's new film , "  Inglourious Basterds , " playing Cannes Heath Ledger 's last film , "  The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus , " also to be shown Pixar 's "  Up " to open famed French festival , which begins Wednesday
Saudi Arabia has arrested 88 men who were part of a terrorist network , the Interior Ministry said Tuesday . They were "  on the verge of implementing " plotted attacks inside the country and abroad , the ministry said in a statement . They came from six terror cells in four regions of the country , including Mecca , said Maj. Gen. Mansour al-Turki , a ministry spokesman . Some of those arrested are "  family members who have sent their sons to terrorist organizations abroad , " al-Turki said . Some of the others were trying to travel abroad "  to join terrorist groups to conduct terrorist operations . " Most are Saudi citizens , but three are Yemenis , and one person has yet to be identified , al-Turki said . Fifty-nine of the men had been arrested previously . They were rounded up after months of surveillance . The arrests are part of a nationwide security operation , the ministry said .	Saudi authorities arrested 88 men , the Interior Ministry says They were "  on the verge " of implementing plotted attacks , the ministry says Most are Saudi , but three are Yemeni 59 were arrested previously
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea said Monday that it would soon initiate "  special actions " aimed at destroying the South Korean president and his government . North Korean armed forces will use "  unprecedented peculiar means and methods of our own style " to carry out the actions , the official Korean Central News Agency said in a report , adding that the operation would take 3 or 4 minutes . It did not specify what those actions would involve . An unusual broadcast on North Korean state television also announced the planned measures and showed images of people throwing rocks at a caricature of Lee Myung-bak , the South Korean president . North Korean state media have consistently lambasted the conservative Lee and his administration . Recent reports have described them as "  rats . " One of the main motivations for the threats Monday appears to have been the announcement last week by the South Korean military that it had deployed a cruise missile capable of striking any site in North Korean territory . That move showed that Lee 's government "  has long lost its reasoning power , " the KCNA report said Monday , citing the Supreme Command of the Korean People 's Army . The South Korean Unification Ministry did not have an immediate comment on the statements from Pyongyang . The menacing comments from the North follow its failed launch of a long-range rocket earlier this month , which exacerbated tensions in the region . South Korea and the United States described the rocket launch , which Pyongyang said was to put an "  earth observation satellite " in orbit , as a long-range missile test in disguise . CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	South Korea announced a new missile that could strike the North Pyongyang threatens ` special actions ' against the South 's government State TV shows people throwing rocks at an image of the South Korean president
Mayflower , Arkansas  CNN  -- Janet Copeland and her husband , Richard , both say they agree almost all the time , with one exception : The Affordable Care Act , President Barack Obama 's health care legislation . "  We 're kind of split on that one , " Janet says . "  It 's one of the few heated discussions we have . Right now , I 'm at the point where I 've already told  Richard  that ` OK , if the person you want gets elected , sit back and watch . ' We 're in a little standoff about that one . There 's never blood drawn , but it gets interesting . " Richard Copeland , a 62-year-old retired Army veteran , just rolls his eyes . "  I did not like the way it was shoved down our throats , " Richard responds . "  What about the people that ca n't afford health insurance ? What part of not being able to afford it does n't our president understand ? There are people out there working just to put bread on the table , and now he 's saying ' I do n't care if your family eats or not . ' " Richard 's wife is having a hard time paying her health insurance . According to Families USA , a liberal-leaning health insurance advocacy group , Janet Copeland 's situation is common . Families USA reported that before the passage of the ACA , some 2.3 million American families lost their health care each year because of price . The group believes the ACA will help families from being priced out of health insurance coverage . He says it 's unfair to penalize his wife if she decides not to pay for coverage . He supports GOP candidate Mitt Romney . And Richard has health insurance through the Veterans Administration . But Janet , who is quickly using up her life savings to pay her monthly health premium , is fully supportive of Obamacare , and supports Democratic President Barack Obama in his re-election bid . But in ironic fashion , the reason this debate has come to the Copeland household is because the couple decided to get married . Watch behind the scenes interview with Janet Copeland After getting married , the couple moved into a ranch style home on the banks of Lake Conway , just north of Little Rock . But before they started a life together , Janet Copeland was married for almost 50 years . The Arkansas native married her ex-husband at age 15 . Janet raised two children , maintained the house , and painted portraits and landscapes on the side . "  I held one job during my marriage , working as an art instructor , " Janet says . "  It was n't for very long , and it was n't for many hours per week . " After a long , unhappy marriage , Janet got divorced in her mid-60s . During the separation , Janet learned she did not work enough during her life to qualify for Social Security or reduced cost Medicare . So , she negotiated with her ex-husband , and he agreed to give her a small lump sum of money , along with subsidizing her health care premiums . While she was single , Janet Copeland paid just over $ 200 per month . "  Then I got married , and the whole thing changed , " Janet says . Now , she pays $ 703 per month . When she remarried , Janet 's ex-husband no longer paid any part of her health premium . She could n't qualify for Medicaid , the government 's health care program for the poor , because she had to count Richard 's retirement income of about $ 2000 per month . So , Janet had to turn to her life savings . "  What I do is I 've got it set up where I get $ 1,000 a month , it 's like a trust , to pay my insurance and everything else , " Janet says . "  It wo n't last me for a lifetime , I think , but right now , my insurance is taken care of . " Read Janet Copeland 's original story on CNN iReport What 's important about Janet Copeland 's story , says Anthony Wright , is that it illustrates how routine life changes can dramatically change individual health care costs . Wright is the executive director of Health Access , a California-based nonpartisan , not-for-profit think tank . "  A family 's health insurance rate can change for a variety of reasons , both a birth in the family , a death in the family , a divorce , " says Wright . "  Even somebody just doing the very natural thing of reaching  their  birthday . One of the worst birthday presents you can receive is a rate increase from your health insurer . " The presidential candidates each offer dramatically different policies on how to handle rate changes . In the most general terms , Wright says , Obama 's signature health care law makes it harder to increase rates for routine life changes , while GOP candidate Mitt Romney wants to repeal that law entirely . "  We 've always had candidates with different proposals , but we 've never had an election which would really determine whether a whole set of benefits and consumer protections were at stake , where the line was so clearly drawn , " he adds . How have you been affected by the health care ruling ? Share your story with CNN iReport . Wright says Janet Copeland could benefit from some of the provisions of the Affordable Health Care act , like the expansion of Medicaid . The health care program serves low income citizens , and is run jointly by the federal government and the states . Yet , it 's unclear how those provisions will be applied in the Copeland 's home state of Arkansas . Democratic Gov. Mike Beebe will ultimately have to approve any expansion of Medicaid and Medicare in his state . Those are the provisions most likely to help Janet Copeland lower her Medicare premiums . Yet , the Democratic governor has issued statements indicating he is still studying the law and the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling . iReport Debate : Face-off on Supreme Court ruling Many Arkansas Republicans have taken the position of Gov. Rick Perry of Texas . The former GOP presidential candidate has long argued that Obamacare provisions , like expanding Medicaid , will bankrupt individual states . Perry , like Richard Copeland , also disagrees with the health care law on philosophical grounds . "  I will not be party to socializing health care and bankrupting my state in direct contradiction to our Constitution and our founding principles of limited government , " Perry said in a statement shortly after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling . Now that the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled Obamacare is constitutional , Anthony Wright of Health Access says the outcome of this presidential election will determine whether the law is ultimately fully enforced . From a health care perspective , Wright says this election is "  the most important " in U.S. history . Yet , despite the potential importance this election may have on their day-to-day lives , Janet and Richard Copeland may decide , as a couple , simply not to vote . "  We 'll just end up canceling each other out , " Janet says . "  But if we do decide to skip the vote , at least we 're doing it together . Life is better with someone you love . " See all of the Embed America coverage here . And track the Embed team 's progress on our map .	Janet Copeland remarried says she 's using life savings to pay for health insurance premiums Copeland and husband disagree about Affordable Care Act Conservatives say implementing health care law at state level could bankrupt the country Health care law supporters say this election "  is the most important in U.S. history "
A picture of popular Brazilian actress Juliana Paes climbing up onto a roof to catch a kite from the scene of TV soap opera "  Gabriela " recently went viral online in the country . But the online image had been doctored and instead of a kite , Paes is seen clutching a smartphone and the caption reads : "  I finally got a TIM signal ! " It is an internet joke based on a catalog of complaints by Brazilian consumers against wireless carrier TIM , angry about its patchy coverage . In a survey on its Facebook page in July , Rio de Janeiro-based technology review site , TechTudo , asked : "  Which is the operator with the worst mobile signal ? " TIM , the second largest cell phone company in Brazil , was voted the worst with 2,127 people selecting it . The runner up was Oi with just 337 votes . Meanwhile a spoof video of Brazilian comic Fabio Porchat wearing blue make-up and acting as someone having a nightmare trying to cancel a TIM subscription , has attracted nearly three million views . The Blue Man Group , whose trademark is blue make-up , has done a series of commercials for TIM in Brazil . Brazilian mobile network operators have been in the firing line from the Brazilian telecoms watchdog in recent months following consumer complaints about poor service including calls suddenly disconnecting and customers unable to get a signal . In July , the telecoms regulator Anatel banned three mobile operators from selling new cellphone plans in certain states , telecoms market research firm TeleGeography reported . TIM , the Brazilian subsidiary of Telecom Italia , was barred from 19 states ; Oi SA from five ; and Telecom Amricas  Claro  from three , according to TeleGeography . The ban was lifted in early August . Penetration of mobile subscriptions in Brazil stands at 131 % , with 258 million mobile phone users , out of a population of approximately 200 million , but analysts have criticized operators for not investing in infrastructure while riding the mobile boom . According to the World Bank , 98 % of the population of Latin America now have a mobile phone signal , with Argentina and Panama in particular seeing an explosive growth in subscriptions . Predictions are that by 2015 , at least half of Brazil 's population , or 100 million people , will have a mobile phone with internet access . Read related : Seven ways mobile phones have changed lives in Africa Blogger Anthony Hurtado also thinks that despite having sky-high tariffs on mobiles and too much legislation and regulation , Brazil will soon see a smartphone revolution . Meanwhile the favelas , the illegal settlements in Brazil that spring up on the fringes of urban areas , known as shanty towns , which tend to be crowded , lack basic amenities and sanitation , and have informal market conditions , have experienced their own mobile revolution -- but not always a legitimate one . In the same way that they are havens for "  gatos "  illegal connections to legal sources of water and electricity  , they have become havens for selling and buying stolen handsets as well as special sim cards that allow you to make international calls for free for three months -- known as "  direto . " These are especially popular among drug barons who run their drugs empires using them , according to Mobile Phone Appropriation in the Favelas of Rio de Janeiro , published in New Media & Society . About 20 % of the population of Rio de Janeiro live in favelas , according to the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics and there are more than 6,000 favelas across Brazil in more than 300 cities . However mobile technology has also been a force for good in them . Brazilian NGO Viva Rio has been running the Viva Favela project since 2001 . It started with 20 favela-based community correspondents in Rio and now has more than 300 from across Brazil who produce text , photos , audios and videos about their lives , news and cultural activities for its online magazine and website , read by favela residents . Read related : How the cell phone can improve health care The cell phone has enabled those residents who can not read and write well , to participate in the project , by submitting video stories and pictures created on their cell phones -- all at a low-cost as the charity does not have the funds to purchase camcorders , explains Editorial Coordinator of Viva Favela Viktor Chagas . "  Cell phones are a massive platform of inclusion , " he says . "  With these new technologies there are more and more people producing culture , news and content . " Guilherme Junior , 31 , an arts teacher and correspondent for the site , who lives in Bangu , Rio de Janeiro , explains : "  We have to make an extra effort to create positive news as the newspapers always show only bad things about our communities . " "  We have helped people perceive favelas differently and we have helped favela dwellers identify themselves differently . Favelado had such a pejorative meaning in the 80s and 90s . Now the residents use their identity to strengthen their sense of belonging , " Chagas adds . Viva Favela also trains the residents in how to make films and take photographs on their cell phones . A photograph and audiovisual workshop that Viva Favela held at the abandoned vandalized movie theater Cine Guaraci in Rocha Miranda in Rio even inspired residents to start a campaign to get it reopened , Chagas says -- and they were recently successful . Read related : Ex-Apple boss tackles poverty in India with mobile technology The Al Cidado !  Hello Citizen !  project which ran until 2009 , enabled low-income residents , who often did not leave their favelas because of gang violence , to subscribe and receive free SMS messages each day about everything from community news , job openings and vaccination drives to cultural events that they otherwise would have missed . It was created by the non-profit Institute Hartmann Regueira  IHR  and funded by Oi Futuro , the social arm of the largest Brazilian telecommunications company Oi and Spring Wireless . The content was generated from local newspapers and partnerships with community groups and businesses . IHR is now looking at rolling out a new project with Oi using a smartphone application to counteract bullying in schools in the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte . Rede Jovem , another social project , led by NGO Solidaritas , runs Mobile Rede Jovem : SMS for Social Change , which sends daily messages about job opportunities , cultural events , sports , courses and free public services to members of poor communities . It also runs WikiMapa , a program , in which favela residents , known as wiki-reporters , use GPS-enabled camera smartphones , with a WikiMapa mobile application , to map unregistered streets and add photos and videos of local points of interest such as hospitals , churches and stores , taken on their cell phones . These are then uploaded to www.wikimapa.org.br . The project has so far mapped 29 favelas in Rio de Janeiro , funded by Fundacin Telefnica , the social investment arm of the Brazilian wireless provider Vivo . Read related : Smartphone explosion liberating China 's migrants Many slums and low-income areas do not exist on official online maps so the initial goal was to add the narrow , winding , often-chaotic , unregistered streets of the favelas onto virtual maps . This had a big impact on the favelados . "  This is the only project that we have to identify and cast good things within one of the slums already considered as the most dangerous in Rio de Janeiro " says Camila Santos , 26 , a wiki-reporter and resident of the Complexo do Alemao favela . "  The sense of marginalization after not even finding a reference to where they lived on virtual maps has been replaced by a twinkle in their eyes now that they can spot their streets and schools among many other used services locally available , " says Natalia Santos , Executive Director of Rede Jovem . "  The results are a strengthened sense of identity and increased self-esteem , " she adds .	There has been a rising tide of consumer complaints against network operators in Brazil Some wireless carriers were temporarily banned from selling cellphone plans in certain states Drugs barons are using stolen handsets and illegal SIM cards to run their empires Several NGOs are using mobile technology to enhance the lives of favelados
CNN  -- Replacing the internal organs of Kendrick Johnson -- the south Georgia teen found dead in his high school gym a year ago -- with newspaper is not a "  best practice " for any mortician , but it 's not illegal either , a state board wrote Thursday . "  Legislation or regulation does not address the practice or prohibit funeral professionals from filling a cavity with newspaper , " the Georgia Board of Funeral Service said in a letter addressed to Johnson 's mother . "  Therefore , the practice ... is not a violation of the law . " This finding yielded few answers for Johnson 's family , including where his organs actually ended up . On that matter , the board said only that it could n't determine if "  the organs were transferred to the funeral  home  with the body . " Neither the funeral home nor Johnson 's family immediately responded Thursday to CNN 's request for comment on the state finding . The family did n't even know the late teen 's brain , heart , lungs , liver and other viscera were missing until the middle of last year , when an autopsy they 'd requested was conducted June 15 by Dr. William R. Anderson with Forensic Dimensions in Heathrow , Florida . This was actually a second autopsy on the three-sport athlete after he was found dead January 11 , 2013 , in a rolled-up gym mat inside Lowndes County High School in Valdosta , Georgia . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation handled the first one , then ruled the death accidental . And the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office , while not commenting on every twist and turn in the case , has repeatedly stood by its original determination that Johnson died by accident after getting caught up reaching for his shoe . CNN examined the 522-page police file and found that investigators spoke to 111 people , including 18 on the day Johnson 's body was found . "  It was not a rash decision that was leapt to , " Lt. Stryde Jones told CNN in May , the day after his investigators closed their case . "  We 've drawn this out , done a thorough investigation , and we think we 've covered all bases . " But the disbelieving Johnson family pushed in court , leading to a judge 's decision May 1 to grant their request to exhume their son 's body for an independent autopsy at their expense . Anderson determined in that second autopsy that Johnson suffered blunt force trauma to the right neck and soft tissues , "  consistent with inflicted injury , " seemingly defying the authorities ruling it was accidental . It 's what he did n't find -- the late teen 's internal organs -- that prompted his family to formally ask the state to investigate the handling of their son 's body . CNN was the first to report the development in October . That complaint alleged that Harrington Funeral Home mishandled the body and specifically accuses director Antonio Harrington of helping obscure the teen 's cause of death . Specifically , it alleged that the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said it replaced all of the organs after its autopsy . Harrington initially said "  one or two organs might be missing , " according to the complaint . But in an October 4 letter to the family 's attorney , C.B. King Jr. , the funeral home director said the organs had been "  destroyed " and "  discarded ... before the body was sent back to Valdosta , " where the funeral home took custody of the body . However , the funeral home 's attorney , Roy Copeland , told CNN in October that coroner Bill Watson has already called the "  accusations and innuendo regarding Mr. Harrington 's involvement in the disposition of young Mr. Johnson 's internal organs ... baseless . " According to "  The Principles and Practices of Embalming " -- a sentence of which was included in Copeland 's October letter to CNN -- when organs are removed in an autopsy , the person handling the body should dry the cavity , "  dusting it with hardening compound or embalming powder and then filling it with dry , clean sawdust or cotton mixed with a small quantity of hardening compound or embalming powder . " Copeland conceded at a November interview that newspaper is not listed as an option in this process , but he added , "  nor is it precluded as one type of foreign substance that may be introduced into a body for purposes of building it up for public display . " In fact , the Georgia Board of Funeral Service said in its letter Thursday that "  filling a body cavity is a necessary preparation to present a deceased body for public viewing . " The state agency also added there are products available to do this "  that are more acceptable than newspaper , " which it notes was relatively common in the past . "  The Board may consider appropriate regulations concerning this issue in the near future , " it wrote about the practice of filling a body cavity with newspaper . So what can the Johnson family do now ? For starters , they can take solace in the fact that federal authorities are investigating their son 's death . To this point , the FBI seized the original hard drives from the Lowndes High surveillance system last month , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . And the FBI has been in South Georgia conducting interviews , including an almost three-hour sitdown with the Johnsons in the city of Thomasville . And the state funeral board 's finding that funeral home staff did n't commit a crime , and its decision to close its case , does n't mean the family ca n't go after them in court . The state funeral board told them in its letter Thursday : "  You may wish to consult with your personal attorney or a court of appropriate jurisdiction to determine what civil remedies may be available to you . "	NEW : The state board says family "  may wish to consult " a lawyer or court Filling body with newspaper not "  best practice , " but not a crime , agency says Kendrick Johnson was found in a rolled-up gym mat at school last year Family filed complaint after second autopsy revealed son 's body had no organs
CNN  -- The story so far : Northwest teen Bella Swan falls in love with Edward Cullen , a mysteriously aloof , fair-skinned but exceedingly well-educated young man who confesses to being a "  vegetarian " vampire . This bums out Bella 's best friend , Jacob , who has always carried a torch for her , and who has a natural aversion to vampires , being a werewolf himself . Despite his better  and worse  instincts , Edward is smitten , and eventually he agrees to marry her . At the end of "  Breaking Dawn - Part 1 " she gives birth to their half-human child , but nearly dies during labor . In order to save Bella 's life , Edward has to "  turn " his bride into an immortal -- which is what she wanted all along . Still with us ? "  Breaking Dawn - Part 2 , " the fifth and final film in "  The Twilight Saga " begins with Bella waking up to enjoy her freshly sharpened senses , her attractive red eyes and vampiric super-strength . And the first , most pressing question on everybody 's mind is this : Will she eat the baby ? Edward whisks her off into the woods to quench her thirst , where the question becomes : will Bella eat Bambi ? And then a third time : will she eat the anonymous climber scaling a sheer rock face oblivious to the real danger he is in ? Teen movies have sure come a long way since "  The Breakfast Club . " Back then , all we wanted was to find common ground and fit in . Mind you , once her sanguinary and carnal appetites have been satisfied , assimilation is also Bella 's main concern . Life after ` Twilight ' : Readers pick new teams It exhibits along the lines of : what to tell dad ? And what to do about the wolfboy who has marked out her newborn -- but fast-growing -- daughter as his intended ?  "  You nicknamed my baby after the Loch Ness monster ?! " It has taken this series a long time to line up its dominoes , but "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 " is easily the freakiest film in the saga , and the most fun . Before we 're done there will be a virtual United Nations of vampire delegates -- associates from the North , from Amazonia , the Middle East , from Ireland and , yes , Transylvania , converging on Forks and getting a chance to bond with baby Cullen before the ultimate showdown with their eminences , the Volturi . These cloaked archvillains have been waiting in the wings so long it 's a wonder they have n't taken off , but at last Michael Sheen 's got the chance to act -- show these young pretenders how it 's done -- and he does n't waste a single voluptuous syllable . In one extraordinary moment he lets rip with what can only be described as a squeal . It 's a performance Christopher Walken would love , and Nic Cage could only envy -- there can be no higher praise . Share your review of ` Breaking Dawn Part 2 ' The battle , when it comes , is exciting and almost ludicrously grisly . Heads duly roll . Even Twi-haters  maybe especially Twi-haters  will enjoy the kind of carnage normally associated with the worst excesses of the French Revolution . Directed , like the last film , by Bill Condon , and not at all ashamed of wearing its big pulpy heart on its sleeve , "  BDP2 " is enjoyably demented , a rousing curtain call and quite enough to tide us over until Stephenie Meyer 's "  The Host " reaches our screens next March .	"  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 " is the fifth and final Twilight film Critic says movie is "  easily the freakiest film in the saga , and the most fun " Bill Condon returns to direct as he did the last movie
London  CNN  -- Extremist Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other men departed England on Friday night destined for the United States , hours after the High Court in London ended a years-long legal battle by ruling the men could be extradited "  immediately . " Two planes left the British Air Force base Mildenhall with al-Masri , Khaled al-Fawwaz , Adel Abdul Bary , Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan so they could face trial in the United States , Home Secretary Theresa May said in a statement . "  We have worked tirelessly -- alongside the U.S. authorities , the police and the prison service -- to put plans in place so that tonight these men could be handed over within hours of the court 's decision , " May said . "  It is right that these men , who are all accused of very serious offenses , will finally face justice . " Earlier Friday , Judge John Thomas ruled that the British court 's decision authorizing the extradition of the men could not be appealed and said it "  may proceed immediately . " The charges against al-Masri include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen , and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . He could be sentenced to life in prison if convicted . The UK Home Office earlier welcomed the High Court decision , and May said in her statement "  that these men ... used every available opportunity to frustrate and delay the extradition process over many years . " The U.S. Embassy in London said it was "  pleased " by the court 's ruling . "  All of these defendants will be guaranteed the same rights provided to American citizens charged with crimes in the U.S. . They will be afforded a full opportunity to challenge the evidence against them in U.S. courts , " an embassy statement said . The suspects ' lawyers had sought to persuade Thomas and a second senior judge to prevent the extradition on medical and human rights grounds . It had already been approved by British courts , the European Court of Human Rights and Britain 's home secretary . Thomas said the judges are satisfied that the European court had not fallen into error "  and was justified in drawing the conclusion that it did . " It was "  unacceptable " that extradition proceedings should take so long , he said . They should last "  months , not years , " he said . The five men had taken every possible effort to prevent their extradition , he added . The legal process in the case of al-Fawwaz and Bary has lasted 14 years . Read more : BBC apologizes to Queen Elizabeth over Abu Hamza revelation In a statement read out on his behalf outside the court , Ahmad -- who has been detained without trial since 2004 -- claimed a moral win . "  Today I have lost my eight-year and two-month battle against extradition . I would like to thank all those over the years who supported me and my family : lawyers , politicians , journalists and members of the public from all walks of life , " it said . "  By exposing the fallacy of the UK 's extradition arrangements with the U.S. , I leave with my head held high having won the moral victory . " His father , Ashfaq Ahmad , said the UK police , prosecutors and judiciary had "  colluded to implement a pre-determined decision which was made in Washington . " He added : "  We will never abandon our struggle for justice and the truth will eventually emerge of what will be forever remembered as a shameful chapter in the history of Britain . " Read more : Court clears way for cleric Abu Hamza 's extradition The ruling followed a three-day last-ditch hearing this week . Lawyers for al-Masri told the court their client suffers from deteriorating mental health and was unfit to plead . However , the judges dismissed that argument in Friday 's ruling . "  There is nothing to suggest it would be unjust or oppressive to order his extradition , " Thomas wrote . The cases of Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan are both linked to a website called azzam.com , which U.S. prosecutors say was run by the two men to support terrorism around the world . Meanwhile , Al-Fawwaz and Bary are accused of being al Qaeda associates of Osama bin Laden in London during the 1990s . Lawyers for al-Fawwaz presented evidence , including some arising from an interview by British intelligence officers with an al Qaeda informer , which they say discredits the case against him . Read more : Abu Hamza extradition ruling marks end of era for radical cleric Presenting medical reports , lawyers for Bary said he had a deteriorating mental illness , making him unfit for detention in a high-security Supermax prison , where he is expected to be held if sent to the United States . But in his ruling , Thomas said there was a clear prima facie case against both Bary and al-Fawwaz . He also dismissed the medical argument put forward by Bary 's lawyer against extradition , saying : "  It is clear to us that there has been no material change in the psychological condition of Abdul Bary . " Lawyers for Ahmad and Ahsan presented what they said was fresh evidence to support their calls for the two men to be charged with similar terrorism-supporting offenses in Britain , rather than have them face trial in the United States . The U.S. and British governments strongly contested the five suspects ' submissions . Lawyers for the British government described the arguments as an abuse of the legal process . Al-Masri is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . Born in Egypt in 1958 , he traveled to Britain to study before gaining citizenship through marriage in the 1980s . A one-time nightclub bouncer in London 's Soho district , al-Masri -- also known as Mustafa Kamal Mustafa -- has said he lost both hands and one eye while fighting against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . He often wore a hook in place of one hand . In 1997 , al-Masri became the imam of a north London mosque , where his hate-filled speeches attacking the West began to attract national attention and followers , including Richard Reid , the so-called "  shoe bomber " who attempted to blow up a Miami-bound passenger airplane three months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " He also described the Columbia space shuttle disaster in 2003 as "  punishment from Allah " because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish . Al-Masri faces 11 charges in U.S. courts . "  As in the UK , legal counsel will be provided at the expense of the U.S. government if the defendants do not have the resources to pay themselves , " a U.S. Embassy briefing note on the extradition said . "  The U.S.-UK Extradition Treaty also forbids use of the death penalty for anyone extradited from the UK . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The 5 men departed Friday night for the U.S. , the UK Home Secretary says NEW : "  It is right that these men ... will finally face justice , " she says Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and 4 others had battled against extradition The father of suspect Babar Ahmad says they will continue fight for justice
Taipei , Taiwan  CNN  -- The sweet fragrance of a thousand sticks of burning incense curls into reverent smoke clouds on this lucky night of the new moon . We are inside Taipei 's oldest temple , Mengjia Longshan Temple , deeply immersed in the history and traditions of this chaotic , modern city in Taiwan . On the first and 15th night of each lunar month , Buddhists , Taoists and worshipers of the ancient goddess of the sea , Matsu , gather here to pray , bring food and flowers and share the wonders of their faiths . It has been the same here twice a month , almost every month , for 274 years . Immigrants from China 's Fujian province built this ornate temple in 1738 during the Qing Dynasty . It has been damaged by earthquakes , storms and war but restored numerous times . It is exquisite . As with many East Asian temples , it has three decorated gates , one inside the next . In the first courtyard is a waterfall , a point of ablution that recalls the water wells outside mosques , the baptismal waters of Christianity and even more ancient , the washing spring at the base of Greece 's great Temple of Apollo at Delphi . Carved , richly painted dragons guard the entrances . Inside the main chamber is an explosion of brilliant color . Tonight , there are the people -- hundreds of them , from every section and class of this society . They hold incense between their clasped hands or with their hands open flat and pressed against one another in front of their chest or against their forehead , facing toward an altar or a richly decorated table , bowing and praying . When they are finished , they place the incense into huge gold pots , many decorated with religious figurines . Some set bright candles alight on massive candelabra . The ceilings are rich with gold . On the walls hang signs with ancient poetry . Long tables are filled with food , which those who have brought it later eat to imbibe the blessings the food has absorbed . Everywhere there are flowers , thousands of flowers . Just outside are the teeming streets of Taipei -- the bustle of the Longshan Temple metro station , the chaotic tastes of the Huahsi night market , the strange sights of Snake Alley , and the overwhelming crowds and commercialism of the Ximending shopping district . Beyond the horizon , the mainland 's missiles -- said to number in the hundreds -- poised to arrive in just seven minutes . But inside Mengjia Longshan Temple , all that curls away . For the hundreds of believers who gather here , for these few minutes , on this night of luck and wonder , there is just the Path , reverent peace and a connection with history that stays with the visitor long after the next morning dawns . Location : No. 211 Guangzhou Street , Wanhua District , Taipei City Hours : 6:00 a.m.-10 :20 p.m. Admission : Free Getting there : Driving the circuitous streets of inner-city Taipei is not for the faint-hearted , and parking can be challenge . Instead , take the MTR  subway  to Longshan Temple Station . The temple is across the street . Alternately , take the MTR to Wanhua Station . The temple is about four blocks north .	A visit to Taipei 's Longshan Temple on a lucky night provides a cultural window The faithful of several religious traditions gather to pray The chaos of the modern city outside fades away inside the walls of the temple
CNN  -- Three goals in just 10 second half minutes sank Basel and set Chelsea on their way to the Europa League final Thursday and an Amsterdam date with Portuguese giants Benfica . Leading 2-1 from the first leg in Switzerland , Chelsea trailed at half time of their home leg at Stamford Bridge to an injury time goal from rising young Egyptian star Mohamed Salah . But their fears were allayed as Fernando Torres , Victor Moses and David Luiz , who will be facing his old club in the final , struck to snuff out Basel 's hopes . Benfica , trailing 1-0 from the first leg in Turkey against Fenerbahce , went through 3-2 on aggregate after a hard-fought 3-1 home win . Nicolas Gaitan drew them level on aggregate with an exquisite ninth minute strike , but the visitors were ahead again in the 23rd minute thanks to a penalty from former Liverpool striker Dirk Kuyt . But Benfica were not to be denied and an Oscar Cardozo double either side of half time sealed their passage to the final in the Dutch city on May 15 . They will stand between Chelsea interim manager Rafael Benitez and his only possible silverware in his troubled spell at the English Premier League giants . Benitez has previously led Valencia to a 2004 success in the competition . Home fans , who have not warmed to the Spaniard , were initially chanting the name of Jose Mourinho , who has hinted at a return to Chelsea , but by the finish would have been satisfied by the outcome . Defiant Benitez Benitez remained defiant : "  I came to do a professional job with the commitment of the players . I am pleased for them and everyone here , " he told ITV Sport . "  We have had a very good atmosphere , the players have always worked hard , and they have always done their job . " Chelsea 's progression to the final looked to be under threat after Salah swept past Petr Cech from Valentin Stocker 's fine through ball . But Torres , who has been in excellent form in Europe 's second tier club competition , changed all that as he seized on a loose ball after Yann Sommer had kept out Frank Lampard 's shot . Three minutes later saw the second Chelsea goal as Torres had his low shot deflected into the path of Moses , who scored from close range . Brazilian ace Luiz capped the goal scoring burst just before the hour mark with a stunning curled effort from outside the penalty area . Fabian Frei hit the crossbar for Basel , but they were well beaten and Chelsea might have added to their tally by the finish . It was third time lucky for Chelsea , who were beaten in the semifinals of the English FA Cup and League Cup , while Benfica will be contesting a first major European final since 1990 .	Chelsea to play Benfica in Europa League final Chelsea beat Basel 3-1 to compete 5-2 aggregate win Fernando Torres , Victor Moses and David Luiz with second half strikes Benfica see off Fenerbahce by the same margin for 3-2 aggregate victory
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A cyber attack Friday morning hit 40 South Korean websites , including those of several government agencies and major banks , the country 's internet security agency said . The government detected the first wave of the attack Thursday . It was coordinated from outside South Korea using "  zombie " computers -- computers which have downloaded malicious codes -- to target designated websites , slow them down or paralyze their operation , the internet security agency said . Infected computers directed a giant traffic surge to targeted websites . That 's called a DDoS attack , short for distributed denial-of-service -- and it 's hard for most sites to defend against . By Friday , South Korea 's leading security software company had developed a free anti-virus program to treat infected computers . Software company AhnLab said it developed the anti-virus program after receiving reports of the attack from the South Korean government Thursday . The company warned that another attack would hit websites at 6:30 p.m. Friday . Targeted sites include South Korea 's presidential office , the foreign ministry , the defense ministry and main banking websites , according to a statement issued by AhnLab . No severe damage has been reported so far , but the government said it was monitoring the attack . During a similar attack in 2009 , 17 South Korean websites were hit over a three-day period .	Officials say the attack is being coordinated from outside South Korea Infected "  zombie " computers are directing traffic surges to certain sites Targets include South Korea 's presidential office , foreign ministry and defense ministry 17 South Korean sites were hit during a similar attack over three days in 2009
CNN Student News  -- December 4 , 2014 Today 's show explores what it 's like inside a war-torn Syrian town , where Kurds and other ethnic fighters have been resisting attacks by the ISIS terrorist group . We incorporate a bit of astronomy when reporting on a NASA project . We explain why China has banned its media from using puns  !  , and we feature a Character Study on a blind man who kayaked the Colorado River . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- For many people , the name Sierra Leone still conjures up images of the country 's decade-long civil war and subsequent war crimes trials . However , eight years after the end of the war , the country is hoping that tourism will be the key to its future prosperity . One organization with an innovative plan to attract the visitors back is Tribewanted , a project to build an eco-tourism community on John Obey beach , 20 miles from the capital Freetown . From October , the project hopes to attract tourists paying $ 450 a week to live in the community and help build a sustainable tourist village on the beach . The price includes all meals and a contribution to the community development . In addition , visitors will pay for their flights and transfers from the airport . Ben Keene , co-founder of Tribewanted , told CNN , "  We are going to be working with the local community of John Obey . We are going to build our village on this tiny peninsula and this is going to be our new life . " This is the second Tribewanted project . The first began four years ago on the Fijian island of Vorovoro , which the organization claims has injected more than $ 1million into the local economy . Elijah Eccles , a John Obey villager working as a cook on the project , told CNN , "  We want to have tourists coming in so a lot of people will have a job to do . "  We used to work with tourists before , but because of the war everything broke down , " he explained . "  But we want the tourists to start to come again . " Daniel Macauley , another local working for Tribewanted , said : "  I believe that eco-tourism will be good for development because the locals will be involved and we are controlling it . It will help to develop the community and other areas like schools and healthcare . "  We are sending out a message to the world that Sierra Leone is open for people to come and visit , to actually see what we can give to them , " he continued . "  There 's a lot to come and see : the people , of course , and the country and also the nature we have , " he said . Filippo Bozotti , co-founder of Tribewanted , told CNN , "  It 's the perfect project for Tribewanted to partner up with the local community for sustainable development . "  We are looking for this to be a long sustainable project that helps the community in the long-term , " he added . The area has already come a long way since the devastation of the civil war , which ended in 2002 with the help of a 17,000-strong U.N. peacekeeping mission . "  What 's amazing is this whole place has been built up since the end of the war , so these villages have been built completely from scratch , " said Keene . The World Travel Guide , which describes itself as the "  bible " of the travel industry , said Sierra Leone was trying to recreate the tourist trade it enjoyed before the war , when 100,000 foreign visitors came every year for its natural beauty , secluded white sandy beaches and unspoilt rainforests . The guide said : "  The government is starting from scratch , going back to basics to entice foreign travelers to return to this small corner of Africa . " It said Sierra Leone was modeling its tourism development on that of nearby Gambia . The UK 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office warns its travelers of petty crime , poor infrastructure and few health facilities . It said : "  Transport infrastructure is poor . None of the options for transferring between the international airport at Lungi and Freetown are risk-free . " The website VisitSierraLeone.org describes Freetown peninsula as "  a taste of paradise " . It said : "  Probably offering the greatest potential in the tourism industry , the beaches along the Freetown Peninsula are a sight to behold . "  As tourism is still a developing industry in Sierra Leone , the beaches are not overwhelmed with visitors which means that most are still in pristine condition and on a weekday you could have an amazing beach entirely to yourself . " A U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal in Freetown convened to try militia leaders on both sides of the civil war ended in October 2009 after seven years . Former Liberian leader Charles Taylor is still on trial in The Hague accused of instigating atrocities during the war in Sierra Leone .	Sierra Leone 's tourist infrastructure collapsed during its 10-year civil war Tribewanted will ask visitors to help build a sustainable tourist village Sierra Leone wants to emulate nearby Gambia 's tourist success
Qaqoortoq , Greenland  CNN  -- Greenland is an autonomous territory that is partially administered by Denmark . The police force and military in Greenland are Danish and Greenland sends three members to the Danish parliament . It is the largest Island in the world and was discovered around 982 by an explorer named Eric the Red who had been exiled from Iceland for murder for three years . That is significant because Eric the Red sailed to Greenland in a small wooden boat , but nowadays the area around Greenland is covered all year with pack ice and icebergs . It would have been impossible for him to penetrate the ice fields around Greenland with the vessels of the day . So many researchers have come to the conclusion that temperatures in Greenland must have been much higher in the 10th century than they are today . Also , the fact that he named the territory "  Greenland " seems to indicate a more lush landscape than the barren plains and mountains one can see now . Scientists have long known that the earth 's temperatures have gone up and down in various climate cycles in our planet 's long history and weather pattern have changed with them . Greenland was once billed as promising farming territory and now that our planet is warming up once again , agriculture is returning . It might seem strange that the people of Greenland , those who are witnessing global warming up close , are not too unhappy about it . Until you visit the Greenland 's Agricultural Advisory Service in Qaqoortoq , southern Greenland , close to where Erik the Red started his first settlement more than 1,000 years ago . Anne Jensen is an agricultural adviser here and she is frank about what the temperature changes mean to Greenlanders . "  Of course the warmer it gets the better the conditions are for farming , " she said while inspecting a green house . "  There is a lot of potential for farming in Greenland . We have such vast expanses the main issue here is really building irrigation systems . " Until a few years ago farming was difficult in Greenland because the temperatures simply did not remain warm long enough for crops to blossom . But now things are changing . Greenlandic potatoes , cabbage , and a variety of herbs have become common in supermarkets on the island . And during CNN 's visit to the institute Anne Jensen showed our crew the latest crop the gardeners here were experimenting with : strawberries , grown just South of the Arctic Circle . "  We are testing to see whether they will survive the harsh winter here , " Jensen said inspecting the plants . Many were showing signs of new light green leaves springing from the stems . "  We can see there are new leaves and that seems to indicate that they have survived the winter . It might not be uncommon in the future to see strawberries from Greenland in shops . " But for now it is still a trial and Anne Jensen , like most Greenlanders , goes to great lengths to show that the people who live here do not want to get wealthy on the heels of global warming . "  It is not all good , " Jensen explained . "  The past summer was very warm , but it does n't just get hotter , the climate patterns change as well and we had a pretty severe drought here which led to very bad crops for many farmers . " Still , rising temperatures offer a lot of potential that Greenland is trying to tap into , hoping that farming will prevail here if the infrastructure , like watering systems , is in place . In addition , the receding glaciers also mean that there will be more land will be available for commercial use . Besides farming , an abundance of natural resources are also coming to light and prospecting companies are already busy , hoping for a bonanza . Flying over parts of Greenland it is easy to see exploratory mines and many firms are already in talks with Greenland 's government in hopes of exploiting everything from coal to iron , gold , diamonds , and even uranium . Some believe Greenland could because the next Kazakhstan referring to that countries abundance of natural resources . The branch of agriculture with the longest tradition by far is sheep herding . CNN 's crew visited the biggest sheep farm in Southern Greenland with about 800 animals during lambing season , when baby sheep are born every few minutes . The land belongs to Aqalooraq Frederiksen , a third generation farmer , who says his business is getting better with rising temperatures . "  It used to be very hard to find enough grazing land here in Greenland because grass just did n't grow here , " Frederiksen said while inspecting the new lambs . "  Now it is getting better . In fact we could have even more sheep in Greenland . Right now , there are about 20,000 in all of Greenland , but we could easily have 40,000 with the grazing land that is now available . " The main problem for the growth of this industry is logistics , Frederiksen said : "  There are only fifty thousand people in all of Greenland and this place is massive . It is really hard to get our products to markets in the capital Nuuk . That is an hour-and-a-half flight away and there is no road . In the winters all the waterways are frozen . "  The same is true for animal feed . We ca n't make enough for the winter here so we have to import everything from Denmark , which is very expensive . " Still , Frederiksen believes in the long run these problems can be worked out and sheep farming will continue to grow along with cattle and reindeer farming , both of which are still in their infancy . Global warming may very well be a threat to humanity , but here in Greenland it seems to be pushing this country back to what it was when it was discovered by the traveler Erik the Red . A lush , green piece of land that could offer good conditions for agriculture .	Temperatures in Greenland thought to have been higher during the 10th century when discovered by Eric the Red As ice melts today , Greenland is becoming a better place to farm a variety of crops Numbers of livestock , such as sheep , could double from current population of 20,000 , says farmer
CNN  -- Pfc. Bradley Manning is one of the biggest whistle-blowers in U.S. history , and his case is one of the Obama administration 's unprecedented seven prosecutions against national security and intelligence whistleblowers . His disclosures to WikiLeaks revealed war crimes and torture -- topics that are surely in the public 's interest to know . The fact that the mainstream media around the world reprinted the bulk of his disclosures is evidence of the clear value in knowing what our government is doing . Manning was sentenced to 35 years , but should have been sentenced to time served already : 3 1/2 years , 112 days of which was improper pretrial detention , also known as torture . He suffered prolonged solitary confinement and was forced to be naked . Manning 's trial was sparsely covered by the mainsteam media . The alternative media outlets who did cover the story comprehensively were faced with unprecedented secrecy , so much so that for months of pretrial proceedings , none of the court pleadings was publicly available . America should be better than secret courts and the criminalization of whistleblowing . The military prosecutors asked the judge to lock Manning up for 60 years in order to "  send a message . " Sending a message has everything to do with politics and nothing to do with justice . Although it was not the 60 years that the government asked for , Manning 's 35-year sentence is still clearly intended to send a message for his conduct -- conduct that provided the public with evidence of clear wrongdoing and did no harm to the United States . The wrongdoers whose crimes Manning exposed enjoyed far gentler fates . Like Manning , my whistleblower clients , former National Security Agency executive Thomas Drake , who exposed warrantless wiretapping ; and former CIA officer John Kiriakou , who exposed his agency 's use of torture , were charged under the Espionage Act . Unlike Manning , they were not convicted under that act , although Kiriakou is serving out a 30-month prison sentence . As in Manning 's case , the only person to be truly punished was the whistleblower . Drake and Kiriakou helped expose two of the biggest scandals of the post-9 / 11 era , yet they are the only two people criminally prosecuted in connection with them . The message is clear : It is safer for a government employee to violate the Fourth Amendment or to torture detainees or to gun down apparent civilians , as seen in the "  Collateral Murder " video that Manning released to WikiLeaks .  That classified video shows a United States Apache helicopter firing on a group of people in New Baghdad in 2007 who do not return fire . Two of those killed were Reuters ' employees ; two children were severely injured . An Army investigation found the crew followed the rules of engagement  . Manning 's harsh sentence and the government 's despotic desire to "  send a message " represents yet another dismal step toward secrecy from a presidential administration that once pledged to be the "  most transparent in history . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jesselyn Radack and Kathleen McClellan .	Writers : Pfc. Bradley Manning is one of the biggest whistleblowers in U.S. history They say the public needs to know about the U.S. war crimes and torture he revealed Manning should have been sentenced to the 3 1/2 years he already served , they say Writers : 35-year sentence reflects government 's despotic desire to "  send a message "
"  Thanks for the nomination Luke , " jokes a young man in a YouTube clip pouring what he says is a new , unopened bottle of Sambuca spirits into a pint glass along with another , unidentified drink . As the liquids mix , he observes : "  And that is congealing nicely ... whew ... okay , " before knocking back the potion . After a brief pause he declares : "  I nominate -LSB- he names some friends -RSB- . You 've got 24 hours lads . Get it done . " The game , known as Neknominate , is thought to have originated in Australia and is now sweeping the world . It involves you filming yourself downing a drink -- often alcoholic and of large quantities -- and then nominating a friend to outdo you . All this is posted on social media -- be it Facebook or YouTube . But what started for some as fun has turned deadly ; at least five men aged under 30 have died after drinking deadly cocktails . Now health professionals are warning young people of the risks of consuming large amounts of alcohol in a short time . "  This is a lethal game , " Dr. Sarah Jarvis , medical adviser for the UK-based charity Drinkaware , told CNN . "  The point about alcohol is that it affects your ability to recognize that you 're in danger , and it absolutely affects your ability to react to danger . So we have a double whammy . " There appears to be no limit to the type of drinks that are consumed , and in what matter . Each nomination becomes more and more daring and outlandish . It started as exhibitionism with this woman stripping in the supermarket and downing a drink , but the bravado has escalated into extreme cocktails : One mixes spirits with a dead mouse , in another a man drinks out of a toilet , and the craze has seen players consume alcohol with goldfish , insects , engine oil and dog food . Unsurprisingly the trend has prompted politicians to demand that schools play a bigger role . "  The Facebook drinking game Neknomination has gone viral , and very sadly young people have died as a result , " said UK opposition spokesman Diana Johnson . "  What role do schools have in building resilience in our young people to resist peer pressure ? " The role of social media giants like Facebook is also coming under scrutiny . Brian Viner , whose own son has played the game , demanded that those companies face up to their responsibilities . His son was nominated and pressured to play the game but drank water instead of vodka so as not to harm himself . "  I was cross with him but more cross with the social media involved and the way this game has just spread , " Viner said . "  The whole thing is madness and it needs some kind of sharp and swift action on the part of these social networks to stop it . " Facebook said in a statement : "  We do not tolerate content which is directly harmful , for example bullying , but behavior which some people may find offensive or controversial is not always necessarily against our rules . "  We encourage people to report things to us which they feel breaks our rules so we can review and take action on a case by case basis . " But Dr. Jarvis rejected this defense , saying Facebook must recognize its own role in the game . "  It 's very difficult in this day of personal liberties to say that Facebook should n't be condoning this or taking these videos offline . "  Personally , I would like to see that happening . Frankly , if the thrill was n't there , your mates were n't seeing you , I expect it would very rapidly fizzle out . "	Neknominate game , thought to have originated in Australia , now sweeping the world At least five men aged under 30 have died after drinking deadly cocktails . There appears to be no limit to the type of drinks that are consumed The role of social media giants like Facebook is also coming under scrutiny
CNN  -- No invitation ? No problem ! That 's what the former Miss New York told HLN on Tuesday in response to questions about her crashing the Miss USA float at the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade last week . Davina Reeves , whose reign as Miss New York ended on Sunday , said she wanted to be bold . "  I wanted to be fearless , and I wanted just that one last moment to say goodbye to New York , " she said . Video from the parade show Reeves , complete with crown and sash , atop the float with Miss USA Rima Fakih . The former Miss New York was also seen walking along the parade route , waving , posing for pictures and flashing her beauty-queen smile . Reeves said she meant no offense by the act and praised Fakih as an incredible woman and great friend . "  No regrets , " she said . "  That was one of the boldest things I 've ever done in my life . "	Davina Reeves crashed the float at the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade She says she did it to be bold Her reign as Miss New York ended on Sunday "  No regrets , " says Reeves
CNN  Five men have been arrested in India over the alleged rape of a Japanese tourist , police in the city of Kolkata told CNN . The men allegedly operated as a gang , targeting single , female Japanese tourists . According to Pallab Kanti Ghosh , joint police commissioner in Kolkata , the victim , a 22 year-old from Saitama , Japan , was approached on November 20 of last year by a man who spoke Japanese "  very well , " and convinced her to accompany him and a friend to a variety of tourist spots over the following days . Two suspects were arrested from near the Buddhist pilgrimage center of Gaya in neighboring Bihar state and charged with rape , the officer said . Three other men were arrested for criminal conspiracy . The arrests were made on January 1 . "  The victim is cooperating with us in our investigation , " he said . The victim told police that she had also been forced to remove money from her bank accounts , and that the men had also withdrawn money using her ATM card without her knowledge . The initial "  First Information Report  FIR  " complaint filed with Kolkata police , obtained by CNN , focuses mainly on the extortion and theft of a sum of 76,000 rupees  $ 1,200  over several incidents . The charges were later amended to include rape . The FIR mentions molestation but does not contain accusations of rape , which were added to the victim 's account during a subsequent appearance before a magistrate . Sexual assault is a high-profile problem in India , particularly following the fatal gang-rape of a student on a bus in New Delhi in 2012 . Since then , a Swiss tourist was also gang-raped while on a cycling holiday in India , and the Uber taxi service banned in the Indian capital after a driver was accused of raping a female passenger . READ MORE : No quick fix for India 's rape crisis	Five men arrested in India over alleged rape of Japanese tourist , police say The men allegedly operated as a gang , targeting single , female Japanese tourists Sexual assault is high-profile problem in India , particularly after 2012 fatal gang-rape of student
CNN  -- Three-time champions Germany finished third for the second successive World Cup after coming from behind to defeat Uruguay 3-2 in Port Elizabeth on Saturday night . Sami Khedira headed the winning goal with eight minutes to play as Joachim Low 's much-changed team won the bronze-medal match in South Africa . "  Of course we had all hoped for something better , but this match for third place was also a final that we absolutely wanted to win , " Khedira said , AFP reported . "  At this World Cup we were a very young team and we 've put down a marker . But we obviously want to win more in the future . " Thomas Muller put Germany ahead in the 19th minute on his return from suspension after missing the semifinal defeat by Spain , joining the tournament 's top scorers with his fifth goal of the competition . Edinson Cavani leveled nine minutes later after Germany 's stand-in captain Bastian Schweinsteiger was dispossessed , and two-time champions Uruguay took the lead six minutes after the halftime interval as Diego Forlan also netted his fifth goal with a superb volley . Germany equalized five minutes later when Marcell Jansen headed home after Uruguay goalkeeper Fernando Muslera failed to cut out Jerome Boateng 's deep cross . Forlan hit the German crossbar with the final play of the match from a stunning free-kick as the South Americans finished the tournament on a losing note . "  Finishing among the top four teams is spectacular , " he said . "  At the beginning we never thought we 'd taste a moment like this . We wanted to finish third , but we 'll remember the positives . " Low left captain Philipp Lahm and goalkeeper Manuel Neuer on the substitutes ' bench along with four-goal striker Miroslav Klose , who had been struggling with a back injury and missed out on the chance to join Brazil 's Ronaldo as the all-time top World Cup scorer on 15 overall . Lahm 's replacement Dennis Aogo was lucky not to be sent off for a bad early tackle on Diego Perez , but Germany had the ascendancy as Arne Friedrich headed Mezut Ozil 's corner against the Uruguay crossbar in the 10th minute . The 20-year-old Muller made no mistake as he pounced to score the opening goal after Muslera was deceived by Schweinsteiger 's swerving shot and could only spill the ball into the German 's path . It put the Bayern Munich player , who has represented his country only eight times , on five goals for the tournament along with Spain 's David Villa and Wesley Sneijder of the Netherlands . If that duo fail to score in Sunday 's final , Muller may win the award for top scorer as -- bizarrely -- assists are taken into account in the case of a tie , and he has three to their one . But Schweinsteiger turned villain soon after when he was dispossessed by Perez , who fed Luis Suarez -- and the Uruguay striker found Cavani with a well-timed pass which left veteran goalkeeper Hans-Jorg Butt exposed . Suarez , returning from suspension , was booed by large sections of the crowd almost every time he touched the ball due to his deliberate handling on the line against Ghana in the quarterfinals . With rain lashing down , he should have put Uruguay ahead just before halftime but screwed his shot wide of the post . The 36-year-old Butt , whose third and previous international outing was in 2003 , did well to deny Cavani and Suarez after the break but could do nothing as Forlan volleyed in a right-wing cross from Egidio Arevalo Rios in the 51st minute . The lead did not last long as Muslera was once again caught out , allowing Jansen a free header after flailing at Boateng 's towering right-wing center . Khedira gave 2002 runners-up Germany the lead in the 82nd minute as Uruguay failed to clear Ozil 's corner and the midfielder was able to place his header over the despairing Muslera . Substitute Stefan Kiessling should have made it 4-2 but blazed his shot over the bar , then Forlan almost took the match into extra-time when his ferocious free-kick boomed to safety off Butt 's bar . The result meant that the octopus which had correctly predicted all of Germany 's previous results at the tournament was right once again .	Sami Khedira heads late winner as Germany finish third at World Cup in South Africa The 2006 hosts come from behind to beat Uruguay 3-2 in playoff in Port Elizabeth Germans bounce back from semifinal loss to Spain , who face Netherlands on Sunday Thomas Muller and Diego Forlan join the tournament 's top scorers on five goals
When Amanda Knox was convicted again on Thursday , Americans reacted with bafflement . The appeal was the third round through Italy 's grinding , multi-level legal system , with its numerous checks and balances . But the saga is also confusing because , while the crime is simple , the case built around it is a grand spectacle combining aspects of national pride , sexist archetypes and race . Knox and her co-defendant , Raffaele Sollecito , were first convicted by a jury in 2009 for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher in 2007 . An appellate judge overturned the conviction in 2011 and Knox returned to the United States after four years in jail . The prosecutor then appealed the acquittal to the Italian Supreme Court , which sent the case to the new appellate panel that reinstated the conviction . It is n't over yet . The defendants will now appeal and the case eventually could be returned to another appellate panel for yet another review . I spent two years researching and writing a book about the Knox case , living in Perugia , attending the trial , interviewing every lawyer involved in the case , reviewing thousands of pages of police documents and court transcripts , interviewing forensic police , coroners , the principals of the case , their family members and associates . Americans like me who believe the case against Knox and her then-boyfriend is fatally flawed have been accused of disliking Italy or disrespecting its judicial system . But what has happened in the Amanda Knox case is not an Italian problem . When prosecutors make mistakes anywhere in the world , they do n't like to admit it . It takes an exceptionally brave and wise "  Solomon " to reframe a case after arresting the wrong people . The latest Italian proceeding did not involve any new evidence and , sadly , did n't shed any new light on the crime . There is still no proof that Amanda Knox was in the bedroom where someone stabbed Meredith Kercher . The DNA and fingerprint evidence is still entirely linked to a man named Rudy Guede , who is serving a 16-year jail sentence for the murder -- shortened thanks to testimony that put Amanda Knox on the crime scene . After he arrested them , the trial prosecutor proposed that the motive was a post-Halloween ritualistic sex game . But when authorities soon realized the DNA and fingerprints in the murder room belonged to neither Knox nor Sollecito , rather than reframing their case , the small town prosecutors and police in the glare of international media dug in their heels . In the latest proceeding , a new prosecutor abandoned the sex game motive but suggested Knox murdered Kercher after an altercation over Knox 's poor hygiene and sloppy housekeeping . In other words , out with Satan and in with the dirty laundry . With no hard evidence and no credible motive , spectators around the world are right to wonder what 's going on in these Italian courtrooms . Rudy Guede has never denied watching Meredith Kercher bleed to death , and he left a bloody handprint in the victim 's blood on her wall . According to testimony from Italian forensic police , his DNA was inside the victim -- although it was not clear whether there was a sexual assault . In his prison writings and in his testimony at his appeal , he talked of how difficult it was for him to get the image of the blood that flowed from Meredith out of his head . Did this garish confession shock the Perugian authorities and courthouse press corps into trying to ascertain just who and what this young man was ? On the contrary , he apparently elicited mercy , and had his sentence cut in half . He may well be walking free before the Knox case is settled . In his first comments on the case , before he was captured , Guede was surreptitiously recorded by Perugia police in a Skype conversation with a friend , according to police wiretap transcripts in the trial record , saying that Knox had nothing to do with it . But as soon as he was connected with a defense lawyer , he started to change his story . It 's a trope of the case that Knox  and Sollecito  had a P.R. machine , vast amounts of money and great legal defense , while Guede was legally under-served . In fact , his attorney was one of the busiest criminal defense lawyers in Perugia , well-connected with the prosecution , with a career behind him handling hundreds if not thousands of local crimes , often involving drugs and violence . Prosecutors ' reluctance to deeply investigate Guede is understandable ; they do n't want to know . But Guede may be the most interesting character in the story . Born in Ivory Coast , brought to Italy at age 5 , he is more Italian than most immigrants , but , like other immigrants , he is legally just a guest in the homogenous country , not a citizen , required to report to the authorities annually  which was why his fingerprints were on file in Perugia  . In the months before the Kercher murder , Guede was broke and showing signs of mental illness , and was involved in three and possibly more home invasions , according to police reports , trial testimony and interviews with victims . His apparent modus operandi was to break into what he thought were empty houses and make himself at home . A few weeks before the Kercher murder , someone broke into a Perugia law office through a second floor window , according to trial testimony from the lawyer who practiced there , turned up the heat , rearranged small trinkets , drank an orange soda from the refrigerator and appeared to have slept on the couch before making off with a laptop . At a nursery school in Milan a week later , director Maria Antonietta Salvadori Del Prato , walked in on a Saturday and found Guede sitting at her desk , she told me in an interview . She called police . They found the stolen laptop and a knife in his pack . Del Prato suspected he might have gotten a key to the nursery school from one of her employees who frequented the Milan club scene . Del Prato told me she believed he spent a night on the children 's cots and cooked a pot of pasta in the kitchen , then placed it in little bowls around the room . From that interview and many more , I pieced together a picture of a young man who seemed to be acting out some sort of fantasy of a home , a fantasy that perhaps abruptly cracked when Meredith Kercher came home unexpectedly while he was burgling her house , and unwittingly locked herself into the house with him .  Guede has maintained "  whoever committed this terrible crime is still free . " I believe one reason for the lack of interest in this young man is that a man killing a woman is mundane and boring , compared with the more titillating image of women fighting and killing each other . The other reason , sadly , is a kind of reverse racism . He 's black , and innocent black men are far too often railroaded in white systems , Italian and American . To suggest that this young man might have been the lone killer has a taint of political incorrectness . Male violence against women is a major public health problem worldwide , according to the World Health Organization . In the end , in this case , it appears that the commonness of the crime is what the Italian prosecutors -- and many others -- refuse to accept , searching for something more interesting and unique , in an elaborate , headline-grabbing crackpot theory that , they unfortunately still can not relinquish . Remove the racial aspect , forget national pride and whether you "  like " Amanda Knox , and we can see that this simple tragedy is all too routine .	Nina Burleigh : Guilty verdict -- again -- for Amanda Knox baffles Americans for good reason She says Italian prosecutors still lack evidence , but unwilling to admit mistake , reframe case She says far more ties just Rudy Guede to murder . Prosecutors choose to pursue Knox Burleigh : Men hurting women almost banal ; Italian prosecutors prefer tale of white women , sex
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- Gaza 's main hospital , already overloaded with Palestinians wounded in the week-long Israeli air assault , has reached critical mass , according to a Norwegian doctor volunteering at Shifa Hospital . A Palestinian father carries his wounded baby daughter into a hospital in Gaza City Sunday . Word of health facilities being pushed to the limit came as Israel announced on Monday it was opening up border crossings to allow the flow of humanitarian goods into the Palestinian territory . "  The injured patients are mainly civilians , a lot of children with dreadful injuries , " Dr. Erik Fosse told CNN on Monday , estimating that 20 percent of the more than 500 people dead were children . "  This figure is rising , and I think it has to do with the development of the war as it moves into the city , " he added . After a weeklong series of air strikes , Israel launched a ground assault Saturday night . Watch the latest on the Israeli offensive " "  We 've had a steady stream  of patients  every day , but the last 24 hours has  seen  about triple the number of cases , " Fosse said late Sunday . Fosse said that he estimated that about 30 percent of the casualties at Shifa Hospital on Sunday were children , both among the dead and wounded . The increase in casualties at Shifa followed Israel 's ground incursion into Gaza , which it launched on Saturday night . Fosse said 50 patients were "  severely wounded " when an Israeli air strike hit a food market in Gaza City . Watch more about the victims of the conflict " "  We were operating in the corridors , patients were lying everywhere , and people were dying before they got treatment , " he said . Palestinian medical officials said Israeli forces have killed 37 Palestinians -- both civilians and militants -- since moving into the territory . With those deaths , at least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation , including about 100 women and children , officials said . In addition , 2,600 Palestinians have been injured , most of them civilians , officials said . Watch Palestinians describe fearful life in Gaza " Most of the casualties are a result of the air strikes that preceded Saturday night 's ground incursion . Shifa is the main hospital in Gaza City . Other hospitals were unable to treat the wounded because of a shortage of supplies and staff . Israel has said the military operation is a necessary self-defense measure after repeated rocket attacks from Gaza into southern Israel by Hamas militants . Israeli leaders say they are trying to minimize civilian casualties in Gaza . Last week , Dr. Eyad El-Sarraj , a psychiatrist who runs Gaza 's mental health program , said Gaza was headed for "  a major humanitarian disaster " unless the fighting ended soon . El-Sarraj told CNN on Sunday that the violence in Gaza is "  the worst he has seen in his life " and said he believes that , as a result , half of the people in Gaza will suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder . Watch more about the psychological impact of the conflict " Meanwhile , Israel said Monday it will allow 80 trucks filled with humanitarian supplies to pass into Gaza . Jerusalem has been under intense international pressure to let the goods pass , because of shortages of food , medicines and fuel . Trucks carrying food and medical supplies are expected go through the Kerem Shalom border crossing , while 222,000 liters of diesel fuel will pass through the Hahal Oz crossing , according to an Israeli army spokesman . The announcement came after 25 trucks carrying aid and medical supplies were unable to pass through the Gaza-Egypt border at Rafah on Sunday , CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported . An official with the humanitarian group World Vision also confirmed that report , saying , "  Unfortunately today , they closed the border , so no aid entered Gaza today . " "  There are food shortages ... The health system is overwhelmed . The people here do n't have electricity , " added Mohammed El-Halaby , program manager for World Vision , adding that several power lines and water pumps were damaged by last week 's air strikes . Egyptian authorities said the guards who were manning the Palestinian side of the border had abandoned their posts . Aid workers and drivers banged on the gate to protest the closure . Watch "  absurd " situation at border crossing " An official with the humanitarian group World Vision also confirmed that report , saying : "  Unfortunately today , they closed the border , so no aid entered Gaza today . " "  There are food shortages ... The health system is overwhelmed . The people here do n't have electricity , " added Mohammed El-Halaby , program manager for World Vision , adding that several power lines and water pumps were damaged by last week 's air strikes . On Saturday -- before Israel launched its ground incursion -- old Palestinian ambulances had carried the wounded across the border , where patients were loaded into modern ambulances . Most of those taken into Egypt were civilians , including a teenage boy with his arm blown off , as well as a 4-day-old baby , who was not injured but needed to be kept on a ventilator and in an incubator . iReport.com : Share reactions to the crisis in the Middle East About 10 truckloads of donations from Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey and Greece crossed into Gaza on Saturday .	NEW : Israel announced on Monday it was opening up border crossings NEW : It will allow 80 trucks filled with humanitarian supplies to pass into Gaza Doctor : Some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children At least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation
CNN Student News  -- October 14 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : South Korea Colombia Panama Cuba Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
New York  CNN  -- Celebrities , city officials and everyday commuters gathered at Grand Central Terminal Friday to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the New York landmark . Mayor Mike Bloomberg told the crowd , "  It 's a symbol of all that is great about our city . It 's rooted in an incredible history while also being thoroughly modern . It represents beauty and art , but also commerce and industry . "  It 's an innovative and visionary place , and it has the same power to inspire awe and wisdom whether you walk these corridors every day or you 're visiting here for the first time . " In his speech he referenced Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , the former first lady , who led a campaign in the 1970s to preserve the building that was in danger of being razed for hotel development . Listen : Grand Central turns 100 Onassis 's daughter , Caroline Kennedy , was present at the centennial celebration and spoke of her mother 's efforts to save the architectural masterpiece . "  As a native New Yorker , she cared deeply about this city . She was so upset when Penn Station was torn down , the Metropolitan Opera house , and when it came to Grand Central it was just too much . She cared about its neighborhoods , its families , its artists , its dreamers . " iReport : Photos from the centennial celebration The terminal which has been the background of dozens of Hollywood movies and television shows throughout the years , brought out several celebrities , including former Mets star Keith Hernandez and Grammy award singer Melissa Manchester to speak and perform . Actress Cynthia Nixon of "  Sex and the City " fame , said "  Grand Central is everything that New York is . It 's big , its loud , its functional , its dysfunctional , it 's crowded , it 's noisy but it is something that New York is too that we sometimes forget : It is so beautiful . " As the formal program for the celebrations wrapped up , a cake in the form of the terminal 's clock was rolled out and the entire grand hall of people sang "  Happy Birthday . "	Historic building feted as a New York original Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis praised for saving the architectural masterpiece "  Grand Central is everything that New York is , " said actress Cynthia Nixon
CNN  -- More than two dozen times in the past three years , authorities came to Phillip and Nancy Garrido 's ramshackle home at 1554 Walnut Ave. in Antioch , California , a rural property where Jaycee Dugard is said to have been confined for 18 years . Jaycee Dugard was locked in a shed tucked under a blue tarp in her alleged captor 's backyard . And each time , they left without learning of the secret shed where Dugard lived . The Garridos have pleaded not guilty to charges of abduction and forcible rape . They are being held without bail in the Contra Costa County Jail in Martinez , California . After she was abducted in June 1991 , at age 11 , Dugard 's disappearance spawned a massive search that continued , on and off , for almost two decades . Federal agents remained committed to the case , chasing thousands of leads . But they apparently never had the Garridos on their radar . The case of the missing girl evoked deep emotions that rippled across the South Lake Tahoe community . Strangers threw fundraisers and parades to raise money for search efforts . Friends and neighbors wore T-shirts bearing images of Dugard 's smiling face to give the case exposure . Elementary school students toted signs that encouraged the community to stay committed to the hunt for their classmate . All they wanted was to find little Jaycee Lee Dugard . And for some of that time , authorities were visiting the home of the couple now accused of abducting her . Watch an FBI agent talk about why clues were missed " Interviews with public officials show that parole officers , law enforcement officials and firefighters visited the Garrido household but left without realizing that the kidnapped girl had grown to adulthood and was living in a soundproof shed hidden in the backyard . Two Dozen Contacts There were at least 16 visits from parole officers and seven by the fire department . There was also one by the sheriff 's office responding to an allegation that people were living in the backyard . State and local authorities have now begun internal investigations to find out why none of these visits uncovered the existence of Dugard , now 29 , and her children , Starlet , 15 , and Angel , 11 . Their makeshift home of tents , tarps and sheds was tucked behind a 6-foot wall at the rear of the Garrido property . "  I feel confident the sheriff will use this as an example of how to do things better , " said Federal Glover , a district supervisor for Contra Costa County who also heads the community 's public safety committee . "  From this lesson , we will not have this type of missed opportunity occur again . " One of the first red flags authorities might have caught was in 1993 , two years after the kidnapping . Garrido , who had been released from prison after serving 11 years for a 1976 kidnapping , violated his parole in April 1993 . It is unclear what he did or how the violation was flagged . As a result , he was placed in federal prison for one month and then released on house arrest for three months . He returned to the Antioch home , where he lived with his wife and his elderly mother . Violation Was n't Reported to Nevada But the parole violation was never reported to the state of Nevada , where the first kidnapping and rape had occurred , said Gail Powell , a spokeswoman for the Nevada Department of Public Safety . "  The state of Nevada would have taken some action , " Powell said . "  I do n't know what , but some action could have meant putting him back in prison , pulling him off parole . " In 1999 , the California Department of Rehabilitation and Corrections agreed to take responsibility and authority for supervising Garrido 's parole because he resided in that state . Garrido 's most recent parole agent visited the home at least twice a month since December , according to California corrections officials . Sometimes the visits were unannounced , said Gordon Hinkle , a department spokesman . Parole officers also checked on Garrido frequently before 2008 , Hinkle said , but he did not know how often or how many parole officers visited Garrido 's residence . The parole agent who most recently entered Garrido 's backyard did n't notice any children 's toys or items to indicate that minors were living in the house . The agent saw a shed but assumed it belonged to a neighbor . "  There was a deceptive false impression , " Hinkle said . "  If you were to be on the property walking around , you would have seen a big fence . " Parole Officers Carry Big Caseloads Hinkle said the parole officer performed his duties appropriately . The parole officer was also responsible for raising suspicions when two University of California Berkeley officers notified him that Phillip Garrido came in with his "  daughters . " The parole officer called the Garridos in for questioning . California has one of the highest parolee-to-officer ratios in the country . State budget cuts are expected to strain the department this year , which could mean reducing the number of parole officers , Hinkle said . The officer assigned to supervise Garrido was also responsible for 39 other sex offenders . As recently as June , two months before Dugard was discovered with the Garridos , Contra Costa County firefighters responded to a fire on the property . They doused a car engine that had exploded into flames at the rear of the property , said department spokeswoman Emily Hopkins . They spent two hours there and then left . They also visited Garrido 's property in fall 2007 , after a neighbor reported fire coming from the backyard . In addition , they responded twice in 2008 and three times in 2009 to medical emergencies involving Garrido 's elderly mother , Patricia Franzen . Fire department officials were n't sure whether more visits were made to the home , because computerized records date only to 2006 . Neighbors Steered Clear Neighbors who had encounters with Garrido said they did n't take the time to get to know him . Some said they knew that he was a sex offender , so they steered away from his house . Others ignored him because they thought he was strange . Betty Unpingco invited the entire neighborhood to her son 's graduation party in spring 2006 . She said Garrido attended and brought speakers for the party . When Unpingco and several adults noticed him talking to the high school girls , they asked him to leave . Later that night , she said , when they saw him waiting outside his home to speak to the girls , the adults escorted them home . Feeling uneasy after the party , Unpingco checked the sex offender registry and found Garrido 's picture . "  It was just so bizarre , " said Unpingco , who has 10 children . "  I warned my children to stay away from him and to always walk in twos . " She did not notify police . In November 2006 , another neighbor did call police , saying she saw people living in tents behind the Garridos ' house . Contra Costa County Sheriff Warren E. Rupf said he did n't think the deputy who responded knew at the time that Garrido was a sex offender . The deputy spoke to Garrido in his front yard about the allegations , but Garrido convinced him otherwise .	Officials visited Garrido home more than two dozen times in past three years Phillip Garrido 's parole officer checked up on him at least twice a month Garrido violated parole in 1993 , but offense was n't reported to all the right agencies
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Iconic actress Elizabeth Taylor remains in a Los Angeles hospital Sunday night , days after checking in to treat a heart problem , her representative said . "  They are still monitoring her , " Taylor representative Jamie Cadwell said in an e-mail to CNN . "  She is stable , and we expect her to recover . " Caldwell said Sunday that Taylor 's camp did not know how long she would stay in the hospital . On Friday , the representative said the 78-year-old Taylor had checked into Cedars-Sinai Medical Center earlier in the week for "  symptoms caused by congestive heart failure . " Caldwell described the medical issue then as an "  ongoing condition . " Her publicist Sally Morrison said later Friday evening , "  I can assure you she is fine and even better , comfortable . " The London-born movie star has won two Academy Awards for best actress : for "  Butterfield 8 " in 1961 and "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf " in 1967 . When doctors repaired a leaky heart valve in October 2009 , Taylor posted a Twitter message saying it "  was like having a brand new ticker . " The actress has used Twitter over the past two years to communicate with fans and dispel the occasional rumor reported on celebrity gossip websites . However , a message she tweeted Wednesday was her first in nearly six months . The tweet pointed fans to an interview she gave to Kim Kardashian in Harper 's Bazaar magazine . "  I like the connection with fans and people who have been supportive of me . " Taylor told Kardashian when asked about Twitter . "  And I love the idea of real feedback and a two-way street , which is very , very modern . But sometimes I think we know too much about our idols and that spoils the dream . So , like all things , it is to be used with care ! " Taylor 's representative , in Friday 's statement , asked that "  people respect her privacy and allow her medical team the time and space to focus on restoring her back to health . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report	Taylor is in an LA hospital being treated for a heart problem , her rep says "  She is stable , and we expect her to recover , " Jamie Caldwell says The Oscar-winning actress checked into Cedars-Sinai earlier this week Her leaky heart valve was fixed in October 2009
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama told reporters Friday he did not feel the earthquake that rattled parts of suburban Washington early in the morning . The rare quake , which struck about 5 a.m. , was centered about 20 miles northwest of the capital , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It had a magnitude of 3.6 -- relatively mild by earthquake standards but stronger than any other quake to shake the region in the past 35 years , the agency said . Steve Dolce , a CNN technical manager , said his house in Germantown , Maryland , "  vibrated slightly " for about 10 seconds . "  I looked out the window ... wondered if it was a plane or something , then I checked my BlackBerry and saw a dozen e-mails alerting the small quake , " he added . The earthquake was the first with a magnitude of more than 3 near Washington since 1974 , said Amy Vaughan , a geophysicist at the USGS National Earthquake Information Center . "  This is a significant event for the region , " she said . About an hour after the quake , Vaughan said , more than 5,500 people had reported feeling it across Maryland , in nearby Washington , and in states including West Virginia , Virginia and Delaware . "  It was really loud , like a plane flying really low . I had never felt anything like it , " said Anne Ngunjiri , 30 , of Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  I was jolted out of bed . All my neighbors woke up . After it passed , I thought it could be an earthquake , and lay in bed hoping there were no aftershocks . " Judy Rudolph , 64 , said she was writing e-mails in bed in Rockville , Maryland , when her house started to shake . "  My first reaction was the noise ... I thought it was an explosion , " she said . She said she 'd never felt anything like it in her 31 years living there . Until Friday , the largest earthquake recorded within about 50 miles of Gaithersberg since 1974 was a 2.7-magnitude quake in 1993 , Vaughan said . But geologically speaking , she said it was "  not completely unexpected " for a 3.6-magnitude quake to hit there . "  Occasionally these things do happen even east of the Rockies , even though it 's not really on a plate boundary where we expect earthquakes . ... Faults do exist from when the continent was forming . There are small faults that do exist within this area , " she said . Vaughan said major structural damage was unlikely , but people may experience aftershocks for the next day , or even a week or two after the quake . Washington 's Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency said no injuries or property damage had been reported . The last earthquake in Maryland occurred on October 8 , 2007 , according to the USGS website . It was a 1.7-magnitude quake centered about 5 miles northwest of Baltimore . CNN 's Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says he did not feel the 3.6-magnitude earthquake Friday morning U.S. Geological Survey says the quake 's center was near Gaithersburg , Maryland USGS says the quake is the largest to hit the area since 1974 Aftershocks may be felt , official says
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The murder trial of American student Amanda Knox in the death of her housemate two years ago resumed Monday in Italy after a summer break . The trial of American college student Amanda Knox , 22 , resumes Monday , September 14 . Knox , 22 , and her Italian ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito also face charges of sexual assault . They are accused of killing British student Meredith Kercher , Knox 's housemate in Perugia , a scenic university town north of Rome . Kercher , 20 , died in what prosecutors called a "  drug-fueled sex game . " She was found half-undressed in bed , with a stab wound to her neck on November 2 , 2007 . Knox and Sollecito were both present at Monday 's court session , Kercher 's attorney Francesco Maresca said . Sollecito 's defense attorneys requested the annulment of DNA analysis , which investigators say shows Sollecito 's genetic material on the clasp of the victim 's bra . The judge rejected the request . The next hearing is scheduled on Friday , Maresca said . Knox , from Seattle , Washington , took the stand in June and testified that she was not at the girls ' villa the night her roommate died , which authorities think was the evening of November 1 . She said she was visiting her then-boyfriend , Sollecito , at his home , where the two watched a movie , smoked marijuana , had sex and went to bed . On her return to their villa the next morning , Knox said , she noticed "  strange things , " such as the front door left open , dried blood in the bathroom sink and a locked door to Kercher 's room . When Knox returned to Sollecito 's house , he suggested they call police in case the house had been burgled , she said . Police found Kercher 's body in the house . Prosecutors say evidence places the defendants at the scene . They also said the suspects gave investigators confusing and contradictory statements about their whereabouts the night Kercher died . Knox said she gave conflicting answers at the interrogation on November 6 because of police pressure and her confused state . "  When I would say that I was with Raffaele , they would say , ` You are a liar , ' and they repeated this , " she said in June , speaking about the police . " ` You will go to prison for 30 years . ... You must remember . ' " During the trial , she said police had slapped her on the head during questioning , a charge she had made before . The case has attracted worldwide media attention . During her testimony in June , cameras were barred from the courtroom because the prosecutor said he wanted to avoid sensationalism . A third person , Ivory Coast native Rudy Hermann Guede , was convicted of murder in the case in October and was sentenced to 30 years in prison . He is appealing his conviction .	Knox accused of killing her flatmate , British student Meredith Kercher Told court in June she was not in the villa the night her roommate died Prosecutors say evidence places Knox and Raffaele Sollecito at the scene Knox and ex-boyfriend Sollecito also facing charges of sexual assault
CNN  -- Whether you 're into baseball or backgammon , Harry Potter or heavy metal , Ning has an online network for you . Gina Bianchini , CEO of Ning , says her site brings together people with common interest and passions . A fast-growing , free Web site launched two years ago , Ning lets members custom build their own social-networking platforms based around their passions and pastimes . As Facebook and MySpace connect people to friends and family , Ning gathers users around common interests . The site hosts networks for hip-hop music lovers , video gaming moms and teens obsessed with the Twilight book and movie franchise . Other popular Ning networks bring people together online for political and social causes such as "  Pickens ' Plan , " which advocates wind energy . Ning had 4.7 million unique visitors as of January and surpassed 1 million social networks -- about one-fifth of them considered active -- last month . Ning also enhanced its site in March with new features such as a real-time activity feed so users can get up-to-the-minute reports -- not unlike Twitter 's tweets -- about what others are doing . CNN spoke recently to Ning CEO Gina Bianchini , a Silicon Valley native and former Goldman Sachs analyst , about the company and the future of social networking . Watch Bianchini chat about Ning " CNN : Where did this idea for Ning come from ? Bianchini : We really started with a very simple premise . What if you gave people the opportunity to create their own social experiences for their own unique passions/topics/interest ? We started on the ground floor to build it in such a way that it can be customized and programmed and made truly unique for each individual . I believe the most powerful ideas are the most simple . CNN : What is the mission of Ning ? Bianchini : It 's a way to get people to organize and get people to meet around their passions . CNN : Did any specific Web sites or companies inspire you to create Ning ? Bianchini : We were really inspired by the first wave of Internet companies truly native to the Web like Craigslist and eBay . They were really around people connecting to other people . They were really about the Internet connecting people to each other . It 's completely unique to the Internet -- you ca n't do it via television or newspapers . CNN : Did you expect the idea of connecting people though common interests to be so successful ? Bianchini : Social behavior is really what people want to do online . It was clear for the rapid adoption of social networking in general that it is very much the case . CNN : What are some of the interesting social networks on Ning ? Bianchini : There are 200,000 social networks are active right now , and they are across tens of thousands of unique passions . There is a network called ` This is 50 . ' It 's like a hip hop TMZ . Another is the ` Pickens ' Plan . ' It 's a way they are organizing more than 200,000 people around wind-energy policy . There is another one for cricket , specifically Indian cricket , which has added half a million people in the last two and a half weeks . There is another about the Twilight saga for teens . So it ranges from 50 Cent to teens talking about Twilight to serious adults looking at how to make changes in government policy . That 's the power of the Internet and the power of connecting people . CNN : What do you attribute to the growth of Ning ? Bianchini : What 's fundamental in the adoption of Ning is that people are unique . They have unique interest and passion and they like having a contact for that experience and for their identity . CNN : What makes Ning different from other social-networking sites ? Bianchini : It 's focused on providing the -LSB- means for -RSB- people to create new social networks around their interests and passions and connect new people around those passions . We think that 's a very critical element of organization . The Facebook phenomenon connects you to people you already know and Twitter is amazing for news and real-time events . What we see with people who gravitate to Ning is meeting new people with similar interests . CNN : How can Ning be useful to organizations or corporations ? Bianchini : When you can bring people together around a common cause there is incredible potential to do fundraising and to organize volunteers . CNN : How does your site make money ? Bianchini : If you want to add a feature like making your own domain , you can pay a la carte for options . On the free service there are ads contextual to what the network is . CNN : What are your thoughts on the future of social networking ? Bianchini : Niche social networking sites are absolutely something people want to do . People clearly want to do this ... -LSB- and -RSB- as people get more comfortable with social networking via Facebook , Twitter , they will look around and say , ' I want a social network for this particular group . ' CNN : What are some of your company 's goals in the future ? Bianchini : We are really focused on making our service perfect for people who come to meet new people . We 're growing really rapidly and we 're seeing a lot of interest and new people joining social networks .	CNN talks to Gina Bianchini , CEO of Ning , a fast-growing Web site Ning lets people with common interests gather around niche social networks The site boasts more than 1 million social networks -- some 200,000 of them active In March , the site added a real-time activity feed to help users stay updated
CNN  -- Stephen Colbert -- host of "  The Colbert Report " and unabashed right wing radical -- is now considering running for President of the United States of America . Simply put : Colbert must be stopped ! He is an existential threat to our way of life and to the exceptional nature of our nation . I know some will dismiss the threat posed by Colbert -- these apologists will defend him as "  harmless " or say he 's no more than "  a charismatic speaker " -- but that is exactly what they said about Hitler . We need to wake up to the fact that Colbert 's poll numbers in South Carolina -- the location of the next Republican primary -- are rising . He is now at 5 % , placing him ahead of former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman . Yes , some will scoff at Colbert running ahead of Huntsman -- a candidate running below the margin of error in some polls , meaning he may have zero support or may actually owe votes -- but keep in mind that in the recent Iowa caucus , Huntsman received 745 votes . Translation : Colbert is for real . Colbert has not been hiding his extreme views . Night after night  or four nights a week to be exact  Colbert has been spewing his venom . However , for some reason , the media have given him a free pass . But that ends now . Here are Colbert 's positions on the key issues -- I warn you , they are scary : -- Unemployment : "  Suck it up , unemployed . It is your own damn fault that you do n't have a job ... So stop scapegoating Wall Street . " Do we really want an American president who sides with Wall Street over workers ? -- Corporate taxes : "  If we raise taxes on corporations , what incentive will they have to make money other than the fact that it 's the sole reason they exist . " Colbert is clearly in the pocket of big business -- I bet his super PAC is funded by big businesses like hedge funds and casino owners . -- Government helping Americans in need : "  I believe in pulling yourself up by your own bootstraps . I believe it is possible . I saw this guy do it once in Cirque du Soleil . It was magical ! " -- Gays : "  There is nothing wrong with being gay . I have plenty of friends who are going to hell . " Even Rick Santorum would not say this  at least not in public . -- America 's role in world : "  If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world , they would n't have declared their independence from it . " Under a Colbert administration , it appears America would just attack other countries for no valid reason . -- Immigration : "  This is America . I do n't want my tomato picked by a Mexican . I want it picked by an American , then sliced by a Guatemalan , and served by a Venezuelan in a spa where a Chilean gives me a Brazilian . " And he advocates arresting illegal immigrants and throwing them in "  jail -- then we can force them to pick our crops as prison labor . " -- Civil rights : "  I just think Rosa Parks was overrated . Last time I checked , she got famous for breaking the law . " Even Ron Paul , whose past newsletters contained racist comments , would be appalled by this callous remark . -- Muslims : "  Every permit granted to a mosque is one denied to an American house of worship . " Colbert is to the right of Newt Gingrich on this issue , and keep in mind Newt has compared Muslims to Nazis . These above quotes are clearly the words of a man with no regard for the values of our great nation . Why do the media coddle Colbert just because he labels himself a "  comedian " ? Hitler told jokes -- does that mean he was OK ? And not only are Colbert 's views on the radical fringe of American society , I do n't trust him . Why ? Because his positions on the issues have remained constant . He does n't waver or have multiple opinions on the same issue . In contrast , a person like Mitt Romney has evolved over time and has been on both sides of issues like abortion , gay marriage and health insurance .  Romney should embrace this with the campaign slogan : "  Me , too ! " Colbert has only two qualities I like : 1 . He 's a friend of Jon Stewart and 2 . He has good hair . Besides that , he is a danger to our Republic . And let 's not forget that Colbert admitted that he makes up facts to support his own political arguments , as he gleefully boasted once : "  I ca n't prove it , but I can say it . " America can not afford a man with the views of Stephen Colbert running our nation . Colbert does n't belong in the White House , instead he belongs on basic cable right before reruns of "  Scrubs . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Comedian Dean Obeidallah : Stephen Colbert is considering running for president He channels Colbert , satirically calls his candidacy a threat to our way of life Obeidallah : Why do media coddle Colbert just because he calls himself a "  comedian "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cubans will be allowed to work for themselves in 178 activities in the private sector and even hire employees , according to guidelines published Friday as the communist government moves quickly to shed half a million state jobs and provide alternatives for workers . Cubans will be permitted to be self-employed carpenters , restaurateurs , barbers and even salsa dancers . Many of the categories already existed , but the government had n't granted new licenses for years , which meant that the total number of self-employed people in Cuba 's 5.1 million-strong workforce was just 143,000 . The new list of occupations published in state media includes seven new categories , among them accountants and bathroom attendants . It also says that for the first time in decades , these private entrepreneurs will be allowed to hire nonrelatives and access credit . The measures are aimed at "  raising levels of productivity and efficiency , " according to state-run newspaper Granma , and eliminating the social "  stigma " long associated with self-employment in the socialist system . Last week , Cuba announced it would eliminate "  at least " 500,000 state jobs , or 10 percent of the public sector workforce , over the next six months and pave the way for more private enterprise . This is the most dramatic move yet by President Raul Castro to reshape the country 's sputtering economy , but he insists the socialist system will not be altered . The announcement got mixed reactions from Cubans . Some are concerned that a way of life - and a guaranteed fixed income are disappearing . Others are optimistic that they will be able to make more money in the private sector . The average state salary is just $ 20 a month . But many details , like how much these entrepreneurs will have to pay in taxes , social security and licensing fees , are still missing . State media said more details would be soon be unveiled .	Cubans can work for themselves in 178 activities Move comes as Cuba cuts 500,000 state jobs State media says more details of plan will be soon be unveiled
CNN  -- For hours at a time , Ronaldo Marcelo Wanderlei da Silva pedals on a stationary bike for a cause . But it is not an ordinary bike , nor an ordinary cause . Da Silva is an inmate at the prison in Santa Rita do Sapucai , Brazil , near Sao Paulo . He is among a small group of inmates who have been given the chance to lower their sentences by exercising on customized stationary bikes attached to car batteries that charge as they pedal . The batteries are in turn used to power street lights in the local plaza . The program exists only at this one prison , but is not the only recent effort at out-of-the-box thinking in Brazil 's penal system . Jose Henrique Mallmann , a judge in Santa Rita do Sapucai , came up with the idea for the pedaling program while doing internet searches for cost-free , clean energy sources . It was a personal curiosity , he said , and it led him to a story about an American gym that is partly powered by its patrons ' bicycle workouts . In his small city , it was easy to adapt the idea and put it in practice with the local prison , he said . The program provides a type of poetic justice , he said . Most inmates at some point deprived a sense of security from their victims . Now , by providing clean energy that powers the city 's plaza at night , they are providing a sense of security . "  This has been very well received . We are very satisfied with the public reaction , " Mallmann said . Brazil 's prisons , by and large , are overcrowded and unpleasant places . According to the ministry of justice , Brazil 's prisons are at 167 % of capacity , as of December 2011 . The prison population has more than doubled since 2001 . But new initiatives are finding creative ways to address these issues while helping inmates and society at the same time . Another recent program -- this one at the federal level -- allows inmates to reduce their sentence for reading books . The idea is to help inmates be better prepared for success when they reintegrate with the outside world . Inmates can shave four days off their sentence through each book they read , up to 48 days per year , the new law states . The "  Redemption Through Reading " program , as it 's known , requires the inmates to write a book report . The law goes as far as to specify that these reports must be written neatly and must not stray from the topic of the book . The books available to inmates will include literary classics and scientific and philosophical tomes , among others . "  There is very alarming crisis in the penal system , " said Leonardo Schmitt de Bem , a Brazilian professor and expert on criminal law . "  Proposals like this , which reduce sentences and give a social and cultural foundation to people are very interesting . " The reading program addresses the overcrowding problem and gives inmates a cultural foundation , he said . Reading is an important tool because a large percentage of Brazilian prisoners come from poor backgrounds and have little education . Nearly half of Brazilian inmates -- 46 % -- have not completed more than nine years of basic education , according to the ministry of justice . More than 26,000 prisoners  5 %  are illiterate . The new law gives inmates something to do , and better prepares them for then they reintegrate with society , de Bem said . "  It is a necessary measure given the prison crisis in Brazil , " he said . The program has existed for several years , but was codified into the law just last month . It is a "  pioneering " initiative , de Bem said , but would have much greater impact if it were imposed on all prisons , not just the federal ones , which hold just a fraction of the country 's inmates . In Santa Rita do Sapucai , Mallmann says he has bigger dreams than having inmates powering street lamps . He envisions a system where the battery power is converted into electricity that can be used to power houses . In the short term , the goal is to power the city 's entire plaza with clean energy produced by the prisoners . Currently , there are four bicycles that require 10 hours of pedaling to fully charge one battery . The energy is enough to power 10 street lamps , out of 34 lamps that provide light for the plaza . Authorities hope to expand the number of bikes to 10 in the near future , Mallmann said . For every 16 hours of pedaling , inmates have their sentences reduced by one day , with no maximum on how much they can bike , he said . Da Silva , the inmate at the Santa Rita do Sapucai prison , said at first the prison population did n't know what to make of the stationary bicycles , but estimates that now , some 80 % of prisoners want to participate . "  I started to learn more about the project and only then I understood how important it is for the city , " he said . For now , there are two teams of four inmates who were chosen to participate , based on their good behavior . "  The project is very good for the prisoners , it shows the good they can do , " he said . Da Silva is serving a five-and-a-half year sentence for assault , and has erased 20 days off his punishment since he began pedaling two months ago , he said . The 36-year-old said that the time on the bike also gives him time to reflect on his situation . While he 's pedaling , "  I think about my imprisonment , about my freedom , my wife , my kids , " he said .	New alternatives to reduce prison sentences in Brazil have emerged In one city , inmates can pedal bikes that produce clean energy At federal level , prisoners can read books to shorten jail time Programs address prison overcrowding and help inmates
CNN  Two Al Jazeera journalists walked out of an Egyptian prison Friday after more than 400 days behind bars . A Cairo court granted bail to Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed pending a retrial on charges that they supported the banned Muslim Brotherhood . Their colleague Peter Greste , who was convicted with them , was freed about two weeks ago and deported to his native Australia . Fahmy , a dual citizen of Egypt and Canada , posted about U.S. $ 33,000 in bail . Mohamed , an Egyptian citizen , was not required to pay but is barred from leaving the country before the retrial on February 23 . "  Baher is home and with his family , " said his wife , Jihan Rashed . Their employer applauded the decision to grant them bail Thursday , but said it was not enough . "  Bail is a small step in the right direction , and allows Baher and Mohamed to spend time with their families after 411 days apart , " Al Jazeera said . "  The focus , though , is still on the court reaching the correct verdict at the next hearing by dismissing this absurd case and releasing both these fine journalists unconditionally . " The three were arrested in Egypt in December 2013 , accused of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood and broadcasting footage that portrayed the regime falsely with the intention of bringing it down . They have consistently denied the charges or any ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , saying they were only doing their jobs . Last year , all three were convicted on charges that included conspiring with the Brotherhood , spreading false news and endangering national security . Greste and Fahmy were sentenced to seven years in prison and Mohamed to 10 years . The three appealed their convictions . In January , Egypt 's highest court granted them a retrial . Rights groups have held that they were pawns in a geopolitical dispute between Egypt and Qatar , the small Middle Eastern country that sponsors Al Jazeera . Many have seen Qatar as a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood . At the time of their arrest , Egypt was mired in political turmoil after the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood-backed government . After his ouster , the military , which had staged the coup , declared the longstanding political group a terrorist organization . In a letter last year , Greste said authorities burst into a hotel room they were using while others rushed Mohamed 's home . Egypt is the sixth-leading jailer of journalists in the world , according to a tally conducted in December by the nonpartisan Committee to Protect Journalists . Greste was released as part of a new Egyptian law allowing the President to deport defendants . Defense lawyers also asked Egypt to deport Fahmy , a former CNN producer . Fahmy said that an Egyptian official told him he would have to renounce his Egyptian citizenship first , which he had initially rejected . "  Then I got a call from a leading official in the country , and they told me : ` Mohamed , nationality is not a piece of paper , but it is in the heart , " he said . "  And you can visit Egypt as a tourist and apply for the citizenship again . ' " Fahmy said he surrendered his citizenship reluctantly .	Their retrial resumes February 23 Mohamed Fahmy says he reluctantly surrendered his Egyptian citizenship to facilitate his release
Beijing  CNN  When it comes to access to their favorite shows , millions of Chinese fans of U.S. TV series find the plot thickening as 2014 draws to a close . In late November , many found their entertainment lifeline cut off as authorities shut down two of the country 's most popular file-sharing sites -- one with countless episodes of U.S. TV series , and the other with meticulously translated Chinese subtitles for those shows . State media called the sites known copyright infringers . The sites themselves claimed to be free platforms for people who want to learn about American language and culture -- not money-making ventures . Worse still , fans quickly realized their only viable alternative -- China 's legitimate video streaming sites -- may soon fall victim to the censors ' tightening grip . Fleeting optimism Almost no current U.S. TV series air on China 's broadcast and cable networks . In February , viewers and critics hailed the release of hit political thriller "  House of Cards " on video site Sohu at the same time it aired on Netflix in the U.S. as a sign of liberalization in China 's strictly-controlled media market . Many Sohu users binge-watched all 13 episodes of the second season , which appeared uncensored despite unflattering story lines about China 's ruling Communist elite . It had clocked more than 103 million views by mid-December , more than double Netflix 's 50 million global subscribers . But the sense of optimism among fans quickly dissipated when in April , without warning , the government banned four popular American TV series -- including the top-rated sitcom "  The Big Bang Theory " -- on all streaming sites . Officials cited violations of copyrights laws and content regulations without giving specifics , even though the shows had been purchased and allowed to stream online for several seasons . Stockpiling shows Fans are bracing for more disappointment . China 's broadcast regulator has strongly hinted from April 2015 it would only approve "  healthy " content to be streamed online -- a troubling prospect for followers of such shows as zombie horror drama "  The Walking Dead " and steamy period drama "  Masters of Sex . " What 's more , online broadcasters may have to wait for a show 's entire season to air in the U.S. before streaming it in China . Hardcore followers say they dread the prospect of having to wait to watch chopped versions of their beloved shows on streaming sites . Many young , urban and well-educated fans insist , given the rising government restrictions , only illicit file-sharing services offer the quick and unfettered access they crave . "  I 've been stockpiling shows by downloading as much as possible -- it 's the only way to make me feel safe , " explained Zhao Tianshu , 30 , a Beijing lawyer who considers watching American legal dramas like "  The Good Wife " -- one of the four shows banned in April -- on his iPad in the gym a daily highlight . "  I understand copyright concerns , but the policy just seems arbitrary , " said Feng Huiling , 23 , a social work graduate student in the Chinese capital who breathlessly lists more than a dozen American TV shows that she regularly watches . Ideological threat ? What alarms censors , fans and analysts argue , is the immense popularity of those shows -- with a new episode often attracting millions of views or downloads within hours . "  The following used to be small -- but now it 's gotten so huge that officials become nervous about the impact and feel compelled to do something about it , " said Wu Yeni , 32 , a Beijing-based corporate publicist who compares watching American TV series to getting a cup of Starbucks coffee -- another of her addictions . Jeremy Goldkorn , a leading commentator on China 's media landscape , said it was surprising how American TV series posted on Chinese video sites had been allowed to proliferate with very little government interference . "  They are now putting these measures in place to make sure it does n't become an ideological threat , " he said . "  This helps them better micromanage the content and frighten Internet companies into complying with regulations . " Even shows that manage to get into China sometimes disappear . "  Madam Secretary , " a new political drama that debuted this past autumn , is widely streamed online in China . Nowhere to be found , however , is its fourth episode , which features some of China 's taboo subjects : the Tiananmen crackdown , the one-child policy , and a territorial dispute between China and Japan . People will wearily accept the "  new normal " of rising censorship under an increasingly powerful and hardline President Xi Jinping , predicts Goldkorn . "  Anybody associated with thought work or ideology or the image of China -- everything is being squeezed or tightened or limited , " he said . New normal Goldkorn also said the new rules have a commercial rationale . "  They do n't want people to get too hooked on foreign shows and not to watch any Chinese content . " Long Danni , the president of EE-Media , a major entertainment company based in Shanghai , told CNN that the new policies help domestic TV producers like her . "  We 'll have plenty more high-quality original programming to conquer not just the Chinese but the global market . " Fans of American TV are not so sure . For now , many try to explore technical workarounds to new government restrictions and insist that , no matter what happens , they wo n't watch domestic shows known for their over-the-top propaganda and low production values . "  If they totally shut the door to American TV , it would be tragic , " said Wu , the corporate publicist who equates her desire for U.S. shows to that for caffeine . "  It would be just tragic if you could n't even choose your own entertainment . "	Hit U.S. TV shows have many fans in China Authorities have cracked down on file-sharing sites used to download shows Starting April next year , regulator plans to screen all foreign TV shows
