Hong Kong  CNN  -- Asia is set to have the world 's wealthiest residents , with city-state Singapore heading the rich list . Hong Kong , Taiwan and South Korea will do well , too , according to by a new survey that predicts which countries will be home to the wealthiest citizens by 2050 . By one measure , they are already are . Singapore 's per capita income is estimated by Knight Frank and Citi Private Wealth 's 2012 Wealth Report to be the highest in the world at $ 56,532 in 2010 , measured by purchasing power parity . Norway follows at $ 51,226 , then the U.S.  $ 45,511  , Hong Kong  $ 45,301  and Switzerland  $ 42,470  .  The International Monetary Fund listed Singapore 3rd in the world in 2010-11 by per capita GDP , behind Qatar and Luxembourg , which were n't included in the Knight Frank report  . By 2050 , the Wealth Report estimates the world 's wealthy citizens will be dominated by Asia : Singapore  $ 137,710  , Hong Kong  $ 116,639  , Taiwan  $ 114,093  and South Korea  $ 107,752  . The only western economy projected to remain in the top five is the U.S. , with an estimated per capita income of $ 100,802 . Danny Quah of the London School of Economics predicts that by 2050 , the world 's economic center of gravity will be somewhere between India and China , the report notes . In 1980 , the global economic center lay in the middle of the Atlantic . Some of the world 's super-rich have already crossed the Pacific . Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin , a native of Brazil , moved to Singapore in 2009 has since renounced his U.S. citizenship . Jim Rogers , the co-founder of the Quantum Fund with George Soros , also moved to the former British colony in 2007 . "  I have moved -- I have sold my house in New York . I have moved to Asia and my girls speak Mandarin , speak perfect Mandarin ... I 'm preparing them for the 21st century by knowing Asia and by speaking perfect Mandarin , " Rogers told CNN recently . "  It 's easier to get rich in Asia than it is in America now . The wind is in your face .  The U.S.  is the largest debtor nation in the history of the world , " Rogers added . "  The largest creditor nations in the world are China , Japan , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore . The assets are in Asia . You know who the debtors are and where they are . Look at Greece . Look at Spain . I mean , I do n't like saying this . You know , I 'm an American , too . But facts are facts . " The report 's list of fastest growing economies between 2010 and 2050 also gives more credence that the world 's wealth is moving toward Asia . Of the top 10 fastest rising economies -- Nigeria , India , Iraq , Bangladesh , Vietnam , the Philippines , Mongolia , Indonesia , Sri Lanka and Egypt , respectively -- all but three are in the region . Old World economies will have the worst growth performance in the next 40 years , the report predicts : Spain , France , Sweden , Belgium , Switzerland , Austria , the Netherlands , Italy and Germany are at the bottom of the list . But Japan and its aging population will have the weakest projected growth of all economies , Knight Frank estimates . However , just because the denizens of Singapore , Hong Kong and Taiwan are projected to live in the world 's wealthiest regions does n't mean all will share in the wealth . In the report Tina Fordham , Senior Global Political Analyst at Citi , warns that the dissatisfaction with income inequality shown in the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations "  will gain momentum , and that there could be a long-term recalibration between governments , businesses and society as a result . " On Monday , a court ordered the protesters of Occupy Central in Hong Kong , one of the last outposts of the global protests sparked by Occupy Wall Street , to give up its encampment at HSBC 's headquarters in the city . CNN 's Christine Romans contributed to this report	Asia set to have the world 's wealthiest residents , with city-state Singapore heading the rich list Knight Frank-Citi report predicts the top four wealthiest regions will be in Asia by 2050 Japan and several European economies are predicted to grow the least in the next 40 years Report : Seven of the world 's top 10 fastest growing economies will be in Asia
EW.com  -- It 's official : Neeson Season has stretched to October . Liam Neeson 's "  Taken 2 " kicked its way back into the top slot for a second weekend with an estimated $ 22.5 million , and Ben Affleck 's political thriller "  Argo " and the Ethan Hawke horror flick "  Sinister " were close second and third , respectively . The one-two-three punch helped boost the box office to a fabulous 47 percent gain over the same weekend in 2011 , when "  Real Steel " slugged its way to a second No. 1 finish . While "  Taken 2 " continues to outpace the 2009 original -- after 10 days , it 's notched $ 86.8 million , in comparison to Taken 's $ 53.6 million total in the same time frame -- it still dropped a hefty 54.6 percent from its astounding $ 49.5 million opening weekend . At that rate , it 'll be tough  though not impossible  for the film to ultimately best "  Taken 's " $ 145 million domestic gross . With $ 20.1 million , "  Argo , " about the C.I.A. mission to extract six Americans trapped in Iran during the 1979/1980 hostage crisis , did not quite beat Ben Affleck 's 2010 Boston heist thriller "  The Town , " which opened at No. 1 in 2010 with $ 23.8 million . But it 's still a big win for the actor-director , who could ride the film 's stellar reviews and superlative word-of-mouth -- it earned a rare "  A + " grade from CinemaScore -- all the way to the Dolby Theater in February . A full 52 percent of the audience was over 50 , with a 54/46 split between women and men . Also a good sign for Affleck 's resurgent second career as a filmmaker : 20 percent of audiences reported seeing the film because he was the director . Put it all together , and "  Argo " appears to have a lot of life left in it . EW Daily Poll : Best movie about movie-making ? After leading the pack on Friday , the quasi-found footage horror film "  Sinister , " produced by Jason Blum and Brian Kavanaugh-Jones  Insidious  and directed by Scott Derrickson  "  The Exorcism of Emily Rose "  , ultimately fell to third with $ 18.3 million . It 's a respectable showing , besting studio Summit Entertainment 's expectations and making back its $ 3 million budget six times over , thanks to a savvy marketing campaign that began with the film 's surprise showing at the SXSW Film Festival in March . Still , the opening was lower than last winter 's "  The Woman in Black "  $ 20.9 million  or "  The Devil Inside "  $ 33.7  , and with a par-for-the-genre "  C + " CinemaScore , the film better hope to vacuum up as much horror audience money as possible before Paranormal Activity 4 -- also produced by Blum -- blasts into theaters this coming weekend . So it 's clear that audiences were in a mood for thrills and chills this weekend . Laughs , not so much . "  Here Comes the Boom " whimpered into fifth place with $ 12 million , by far the worst opening weekend of star Kevin James ' career . The folks who did shell out to see the film did at least enjoy themselves : It earned an "  A " CinemaScore , with 46 percent of the audience under 25 years old .  "  Hotel Transylvania , " in which James provides the voice of Frankenstein , came in just ahead of Boom , banking $ 17.3 million en route to passing the $ 100 million milestone in its third weekend , with $ 102.2 million total . The meta crime comedy "  Seven Psychopaths , " meanwhile , landed in ninth place , with a mere $ 4.3 million in 1,480 theaters for an unfortunate $ 2,889 per location average . It must be a frustrating result for distributor , CBS Films , which marshaled an eccentric grass-roots marketing campaign to sell the film 's offbeat sense of humor . At the very least , the company can be grateful it was n't releasing "  Atlas Shrugged : Part II . " The second half of the adaptation of Ayn Rand 's epic seminal tome collapsed in 11th place with $ 1.7 million on 1,012 screens . That is just slightly better than 2011 ′ s "  Atlas Shrugged : Part I , " which opened to $ 1.69 million -- on 299 screens . Shrugged , indeed . Elsewhere , "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower " expanded to 726 theaters in its fourth weekend , pulling in $ 2.2 million for $ 6.2 million total . And the drama "  Middle of Nowhere " -- which won director Ava DuVernay the best director award at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival -- opened in six theaters to a healthy $ 13,000 per location average . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Taken 2 " kicked its way back into the top slot for a second weekend But film it still dropped 54.6 percent from its $ 49.5 million opening weekend Ben Affleck 's "  Argo " came in second
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week , the state-run Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday -- marking Saudi Arabia 's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor . The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia 's Asir region , when militants in a mountainous area on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops , prompting them to return fire , SPA reported . Besides the slain border guard -- identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening , the Saudi media outlet said . On Thursday , Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden , a neutral security official and two Houthi commanders in Aden told CNN . The palace had been where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , who fled the country last month , had stayed for a period of time after Houthis secured control of the capital , Sanaa , in January . According to the security official , Houthis now control most large districts in Aden amid ongoing clashes . Yemeni special forces , considered pro-Houthi and loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh , arrived in Aden on Thursday in an attempt "  to secure the city , " a Saudi official with knowledge of the situation told CNN . "  I can now confirm that it is not Saudi special forces who have landed but Yemeni special forces loyal to Saleh who landed by small boat . They are few in number and have made their way to the old parliament building , " the intelligence official said . U.S. Navy warships , meanwhile , were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region , in particular any weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels they are supporting in Yemen , a U.S. defense official told CNN . The Navy on Wednesday came across a Panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an Iranian port , the official said . Based on the route of the ship from Iran to Yemen , the Navy declared it a "  vessel of interest " and requested permission from the captain to search it . The ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials , the official said . It was sent on its way . The offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into Yemen , as well as Sudan and Gaza , so the Navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there . The official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern Yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country . Marie Claire Feghali , an International Committee of the Red Cross spokeswoman in Sanaa , described events in Aden as "  extremely fluid and very , very complicated . " "  Hospitals are still struggling , running out of supplies . So are we , " she said . "  We can not move much in Aden due to the intense fighting and chaos . " A hospital near heavy fighting was forced to shut down . Officials : Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemeni prisons CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Militants in Yemen fired on Saudi border troops in Saudi Arabia 's Asir region , media outlet says Rebels have taken Yemen 's presidential palace in Aden , sources say U.S. warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping , a U.S. defense official says
CNN  -- Singer Celine Dion is 14 weeks pregnant with twins after years of trying to expand her family , her representative said Sunday . Dion , 42 , and her husband-manager Rene Angelil , 68 , will find out next month the gender of their twins , representative Kim Jakwerth said . The pregnancy was the result of her sixth in-vitro fertilization attempt , Jakwerth said . Dion turned to acupuncture therapy to improve her chances of getting pregnant , she said . Angelil is the father , she said . The couple already has a 9-year-old son , Rene-Charles . The five-time Grammy winner has sold 200 million albums around the world , according to her website . A new Harris Poll released in May named Dion , a Canadian , as America 's favorite singer . Dion , who completed a world tour last year , will return to Las Vegas , Nevada , next March to begin a three-year residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace . CNN 's Doug Hyde contributed to this report .	Celine Dion learns twins ' gender in June Pregnancy is result of sixth in-vitro fertilization attempt Acupuncture was used to bolster pregnancy chances
CNN  -- Five people died when an air ambulance crashed in west Texas shortly after midnight Sunday , authorities said . A patient , the patient 's family member , two nurses and the pilot died when the Cessna 421 plane crashed and exploded around 12:18 a.m. CT  1:18 a.m. ET  , the Texas Department of Public Safety said . The plane crashed just one mile south of Alpine , Texas , Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Elizabeth Cory said . It had taken off from Alpine and was headed for Midland , Texas , she said . The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash . The plane was registered to the O'Hara Flying Service out of Amarillo , the FAA said . The Texas Department of Public Safety said victims of the crash were : Ted Caffarel , 58 , of Beaumont , Texas ; Sharon Falkner , 49 , of Fort Davis , Texas ; Tracy Chambers , 42 , of Alpine , Texas ; Richard Folger , 78 , of Midland , Texas ; and Mary Folger , 59 , of Midland , Texas . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Air ambulance crashes a mile from Alpine , Texas Patient , family member , nurses and pilot killed Officials are investigating the crash
CNN  -- Soldiers dropped huge sandbags from army helicopters Tuesday as part of efforts to stem devastating flooding in northern Germany after the swollen Elbe River breached flood defenses . A sea of muddy brown water has flowed through two broken dikes in the state of Saxony-Anhalt , forcing the evacuation of thousands of people from their homes . The situation is stabilizing in the flooded village of Fischbeck , near the town of Stendal , which was left largely submerged after a dike there broke Sunday , officials said . The flow of water pouring through a gaping breach nearly 50 meters  160 feet  across is now slowing , and water levels have dropped slightly across the state , Saxony-Anhalt Interior Minister Holger Stahlknecht said Tuesday . An electricity substation was threatened in nearby Sandau , but the situation has now been stabilized , the flood crisis team at the Interior Ministry in Saxony-Anhalt said . A dike on the Elbe at Schoenebeck , south of Magdeburg , is secure , but a protective evacuation of homes has been carried out , it said . The water level around Stendal has dropped about half a meter  20 inches  since its peak Monday morning , said CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller , and should drop another 20 inches in the next 24 to 48 hours . The peak surpassed 8.2 meters  26.9 feet  , breaking the 2002 record of 7.68 meters  25.2 feet  . Police shut down the center of Wittenberg on Tuesday , a day after German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited to meet volunteers and see flood prevention efforts for herself . The crest is occurring around Wittenberg and the water should continue to rise farther to the west around Boizenburg and Hamburg in the coming days , Miller said . About 4,000 German soldiers have been deployed in Saxony-Anhalt , with some dispatched to drop the huge bags of sand from the air . Three people died in the state last week in connection with the flooding . Another five deaths have been reported across the country . Volunteer patrols Dikes are holding so far in Lower Saxony , northwest of Saxony-Anhalt , as the water level on the Elbe reaches 8 meters  26 feet ,  state Interior Ministry spokesman Philipp Wedelich said . About 8,000 volunteers are patrolling the dikes and aiding flood prevention efforts , he said . The critical areas are Lueneburg and Luechow-Dannenberg , he said . No deaths have been reported in Lower Saxony . The surging Elbe River , which last week brought flooding to the state of Saxony , to the south , is making its way northwest toward the North Sea . The town of Lauenburg , in Schleswig-Holstein , has been evacuated as a precaution as the river is expected to peak there by Thursday as it nears the sea , the European Commission 's emergency response center said . In Saxony , the water levels are falling but 12,000 people are still unable to return to their homes , the state 's Interior Ministry said . Work is still being done to strengthen dikes because they could weaken if the waters recede slowly , it said . The mighty Danube Over the past 10 days , floods on the Elbe and other rivers including the Danube have also affected southern Germany , the Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary . They are the worst since flooding in 2002 devastated the region . The Czech Republic is now focused on draining the flood waters and cleanup efforts , Czech fire service spokeswoman Nicole Zaoralova said . Eleven people have died nationwide as a result of the floods , she said . Heavy rain Monday complicated the recovery efforts and caused more flash flooding , she added . In Austria , river levels are dropping , but the mighty Danube , normally an important transit route for freight and passengers , is still closed to river traffic , the European Commission 's emergency response center said . The crest on the Danube reached a record high in Hungary 's capital , Budapest , late Sunday , but the city 's flood defenses held and levels there are now dropping . The river is expected to peak Tuesday in Paks in central Hungary , and a day later in Baja in southern Hungary . Flood precautions are now under way in Serbia as the Danube starts to rise there , with some evacuations already taking place . The region 's rivers were filled to bursting by torrential rain at the start of the month , after a wet spring left the ground saturated . CNN 's Rick Noack and Ivana Kottasova contributed to this report .	NEW : The crest on the River Elbe is moving northwest through Germany , now near Wittenberg Soldiers drop huge sandbags from helicopters after two dikes are breached Flood preparations are made in Serbia as the Danube River rises Flooding has affected swaths of central Europe in the past 10 days
Milwaukee , Wisconsin  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , in a bid to create jobs and boost economic growth , called on Congress on Monday to pass a $ 50 billion plan to renew the country 's transportation infrastructure . His address was the first of two speeches the president is scheduled to make this week to frame his administration 's ongoing response to the recession , less than two months ahead of midterm elections in which Democratic majorities in the House and Senate are in jeopardy . "  Today , I am announcing a new plan for rebuilding and modernizing America 's roads , and rails and runways for the long term , " said Obama , who spoke on Labor Day in Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- a state with competitive gubernatorial and U.S. Senate races . "  We used to have the best infrastructure in the world . We can have it again , " he said to loud cheers from a crowd of union workers . The proposal envisions -- over a six year period -- rebuilding 150,000 miles of roads , 4,000 miles of rail and 150 miles of airport runways . It also would include modernizing the nation 's air traffic control system in an effort to reduce delays and travel time . "  This will not only create jobs immediately . It 's also going to make our economy hum over the long haul , " said the president . Obama hopes to work with Congress to enact an up-front investment of $ 50 billion -- an amount a White House statement said would represent a significant chunk of new spending on infrastructure . The investment would then be paired with what the administration called a framework to improve transportation spending . The long-term plan would include the establishment of an Infrastructure Bank , which would leverage federal dollars and focus on projects that could deliver the the biggest bang for the buck , Obama said . The president stressed the need for Democrats and Republicans to work together on the transportation initiative , which would need to be approved by Congress . Congress returns from recess next week and will likely be in session for less than a month before leaving Washington for midterm elections . On Monday , before Obama 's speech , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , criticized the plan and said Americans do not want to pay want higher taxes . "  A last-minute , cobbled-together stimulus bill with more than $ 50 billion in new tax hikes will not reverse the complete lack of confidence Americans have in Washington Democrats ' ability to help this economy , " he said in a statement . Obama is focused this week on the economy , after a week in which his administration concentrated on Middle East peace talks and the end of America 's combat role in Iraq . Senior aides have said the president recently asked his economic team to come up with various proposals he could roll out to show he 's working hard to kick-start growth . Ideas have included more federal spending on infrastructure projects and tax cuts popular with the business community , such as a permanent extension of the research and development tax credit . However , a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Friday suggests the White House still has work to do to win over the American public . Nearly six in 10 respondents disapproved of Obama 's track record on the economy , which is the No. 1 issue in the minds of Americans . On Wednesday , the president is scheduled to deliver an economic speech in hard-hit Cleveland , Ohio -- a state that has competitive U.S. House and Senate races that will help determine control of Congress . CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : The plan would rebuild roads , rails and runways Obama delivers his remarks at a Labor Day event in Wisconsin The president 's plan would need Congressional approval His speeches this week will focus on the economy
CNN  -- Nancy Kwan is the actress who immortalized "  The World of Suzie Wong ' " in the 1960 film . That fictionalized account of Hong Kong 's red-light district helped create the cultural stereotype of the prostitute with a heart of gold , but for Kwan it launched a career in Hollywood . "  I 'm kind of glad the film held up , and Hong Kong looks great ... And the film too , I think it 's very enduring for me . It was my first film , " she told CNN . Born to a Chinese father and British mother , Kwan grew up in Hong Kong . Her parents separated while she was a young child , and it was her father who smuggled the young Nancy and her brother out of Hong Kong in a wicker basket when Japanese troops occupied the former-British territory in the Second World War . Moving back to Hong Kong after the war , she landed the role of Suzie Wong after being asked to screen test for the film by the movie 's director while she was watching auditions . The role propelled Kwan to international stardom and she had parts in musicals and was able to work alongside Hollywood great William Holden and crooner Dean Martin . She also formed a friendship with Bruce Lee . "  I did a film with Dean Martin , and Bruce was the stunt coordinator . We had some fight scenes and he taught us , " she told CNN . Kwan 's own life was documented in "  To Whom it May Concern : Ka Shen 's Journey " and it 's now been fifty years since she made the film that changed her life . "  I do n't know how my life would have turned out if I did n't do "  Suzie Wong . " But I just know that that was my choice , that was what I wanted to do , and that was my journey , " she said .	Actress Nancy Kwan played lead role in 1960 film ` The World of Suzie Wong ' It was her first role and launched a career in Hollywood Was friends with Bruce Lee and starred in film opposite Dean Martin
London  CNN  -- The UK government has put immigration reform and the economy at the heart of its plans for the new parliamentary session , which opened Wednesday with the Queen 's Speech . The address by Queen Elizabeth II for the ceremonial state opening of Parliament is written by the government , although read out by the monarch . At the center of the government 's legislative agenda is a new bill with "  tough new measures to continue immigration reform and prevent illegal immigrants accessing services they 're not entitled to , " the Home Office said . "  The bill will ensure that this country attracts people who will contribute and deters those who will not , " the queen said . The legislation will also "  contain measures to make it harder for people to prevent their removal with spurious appeals , reduce the complexity of immigration law and make clear that foreign national offenders should be deported , except in extraordinary circumstances , " the Home Office said . A move to the right on immigration may be a response to the political threat posed by the UK Independence Party , known as UKIP , which has made gains in local elections at the expense of the Conservatives . UKIP has promised steps to limit the number of migrants entering Britain . Measures to make deportation easier may also reflect the Home Office 's long-running , and so far unsuccessful , efforts to deport radical Islamist cleric Abu Qatada . A series of legal appeals have kept the Jordanian national in the country . Lawmaker Yvette Cooper , of the opposition Labour Party , criticized the measures outlined in the Queen 's Speech , saying they fail to tackle key issues around the exploitation of foreign workers and illegal immigration . "  Immigration is important for Britain and needs to be controlled and managed so it is fair for all , " she said . Welfare reforms The government will also work to boost Britain 's economic competitiveness so it can continue to succeed in the world , the Queen 's Speech said . "  To this end , it will support the growth of the private sector and the creation of more jobs and opportunities , " the queen said . In addition , the government intends to pass new measures to tackle anti-social behavior , cut crime and reform the police . The legislative agenda also includes more measures to reform the state benefits system , "  helping people move from welfare to work , " the speech said . The government 's sweeping welfare reforms , affecting state help for the disabled and unemployed , have already been controversial in Britain , which is struggling with a large budget deficit . The Conservatives govern in coalition with the Liberal Democrats . Queen Elizabeth II to miss Commonwealth heads meeting The Queen 's Speech also said the government "  will continue to make the case for Scotland to remain in the United Kingdom . " Scots will go to the polls next year to decide whether Scotland should stay in the United Kingdom or become independent . Prime Minister David Cameron has previously said he wants Scotland to remain part of the United Kingdom . The queen 's appearance at Parliament , accompanied by her husband , Prince Philip , came a day after Buckingham Palace said it was reviewing the number of long-haul flights she takes . The monarch will miss a meeting of Commonwealth heads of government in Sri Lanka in November , sending her son , Prince Charles , in her place . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Queen Elizabeth II reads a speech to Parliament that sets out the government 's agenda At its heart is a proposal for a tough new bill on immigration , the government says Steps to strengthen the economy are also a priority , the speech says The government will continue to press for Scotland to stay within the United Kingdom
It was supposed to be a fun family outing to the movies , but Nair Rodriguez 's 19-year-old daughter got under her skin . They fought , she said , and she slapped her daughter . Moments later , police arrived on a domestic dispute call at the Moore , Oklahoma , theater and did not confront Nair Rodriguez but rather her husband , Luis . They took him down , and after the encounter on February 15 , he was dead . Cell phone video taken by Nair Rodriguez and released this week shows the final minutes of the takedown . Nair Rodriguez accuses officers of brutality . Police say they were following protocol and used no undue force , although three officers have been suspended with pay . Argument , upset The mother-daughter spat upset the mother so badly that she bolted for the family car . Her husband , Luis , followed her to calm her down , family attorney Michael Brooks-Jimenez told reporters . That 's when a group of police and theater security officers turned up , he said . There were three of them -- one working off-duty security at the theater and two active-duty officers already there to deal with two drunk patrons who 'd passed out -- according to Moore police spokesman Sgt. Jeremy Lewis .  In addition , two Oklahoma state game wardens were working as off-duty security at the theater , state wildlife department spokesman Micah Holmes said . As the two on-duty Moore officers were leaving , a person ran into the lobby and told them about some kind of domestic dispute outside , Lewis said . What happened next is disputed . Nair Rodriguez has said officers beat Luis Rodriguez , CNN affiliate KFOR reported . But Moore Police Chief Jerry Stillings calls the actions of his officers "  reasonable . " He would not go into much detail and said an investigation is under way . But he mentioned police used pepper spray , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Luis Rodriguez ended up on the ground with five men pinning him down , and Nair Rodriguez pulled out a cell phone . Her fearful cries fill the recording . "  Luis ! Luis ! " she calls out frantically . Her husband does not respond and does not appear to move . She calls to the officers to assure her that he is alright . "  Please somebody tell me that he is alive , " she implores . "  He is not moving . " The officers appear calm . One tells her that he will talk to her once they are finished securing her husband . Then one walks over to the camera . He tells her that police have called in a medical unit to check on her husband . It was n't him The officer says police received a call about domestic violence before confronting her husband . It was n't him , Nair Rodriguez tells him . "  I hit my daughter , " she says . She wants to know why they have pinned down her husband . "  He refused to give his ID , " the officer said . "  He got combative . " She notices blood on the officer . "  Is he bleeding ? " she demands to know . "  I 'm bleeding ; that 's me , " the officer says . An ambulance can be seen in the background , and Luis Rodriguez is lifted onto a stretcher . The video ends shortly afterward . Cause of death An autopsy may reveal more about why Luis Rodriguez died , and surveillance camera footage of the encounter in the movie theater parking lot may reveal what happened before his wife pulled out her cell phone camera . What police describe as normal procedure , lawyer Brooks-Jimenez describes as something brutal and possibly deadly -- pepper spray to the face and the weight of five men on top of him . CNN has reached out to Brooks-Jimenez for further comment . Lewis , from the Moore Police Department , said that three officers from his department who were involved in this incident have been suspended with pay while the Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation reviews the incident . The two game wardens working security that day at the theater are continuing in their normal roles , according to Holmes of the state wildlife department . An autopsy on Luis Rodriguez was conducted on February 16 , said Amy Elliott from Oklahoma 's office of the chief medical examiner . His body was released four days later , but Rodriguez 's full report wo n't be released until toxicology results come in , adds Elliott . Regardless of when that happens , the Rodriguez family may have to wait for closure . The Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation does n't anticipate it will make any findings for months , according to spokeswoman Jessica Brown .	Spokesman : 3 Moore , Oklahoma , police officers are suspended with pay Mother and daughter argued at movies , then mother slapped daughter Police came and confronted the father , Luis Rodriguez The cuffed him ; an ambulance came ; after the encounter he was dead
Paris  CNN  -- The French government will pay for tens of thousands of women to have silicone breast implants removed over concerns about a possible link to a rare form of cancer , the Ministry of Health said Wednesday . French health authorities are due to make a recommendation Friday about whether women with implants by a company called Poly Implant Prosthese  PIP  must have them removed . The ministry says about 30,000 French women have PIP implants , which are not currently approved for use in the United States . According to a news release from the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons , PIP is now defunct . It says the company "  used non-medical grade silicone believed by the manufacturers to be made for mattresses . " The French government agency that evaluates the safety of medical products says 523 women have had them removed since a defect was discovered last year . More than 1,000 implants have ruptured since then , the agency says . British authorities are advising caution over the implants but are not going as far as the French . The UK 's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency said Tuesday it was "  aware of the recent report in France of the death of a woman implanted with breast implants from anaplastic large cell lymphoma , " which it called "  a rare form of cancer which affects cells from the immune system . " It said it would "  monitor for any associations of all types of breast implants , including PIP , with cancers and any other health implications . " But it did not advise women with PIP implants to have them taken out , saying more generally that "  women with any type of breast implant ... who have questions about their breasts or think that their implants may have ruptured , should seek clinical advice from their implanting surgeon . " A committee made up of representatives of several French health agencies was set up December 14 to discuss PIP implants . Women will only be reimbursed for new implants if they were originally for reconstructive surgery , the Health Ministry said . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration decided in March 2000 not to approve saline PIP implants in the United States . The company never submitted a marketing application for its silicone implants in the United States , the agency says . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	The French Health ministry is concerned over a possible cancer link About 30,000 French women have implants made by PIP PIP implants are not approved for use in the United States British officials advise women concerned about implants to talk to their doctor
CNN  -- Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's military may have more cracks in its armor as dozens more soldiers , including a general and two colonels , have defected across the border , Turkish media reported Monday . The 33 army defectors entered Turkey and were sent to a camp in southern Hatay province , the Anadolu news agency said , citing authorities . Malik el Kurdi , the deputy commander of the rebel Free Syrian Army , speaking to CNN by telephone from the Apaydin refugee camp , said that within the past week a general and three colonels had arrived , but he had not seen a group of more than 30 new deserters . The refugee camp houses the proclaimed leadership and other members of the FSA , the opposition force made up of Syrian army defectors . "  I receive soldiers daily , " el Kurdi added . "  There are rumors , but I have n't received anyone in that number . " The defections included a Syrian general and at least four other officers , according to a Turkish Foreign Ministry official and a commander in the Free Syrian Army camp in Turkey . All were from the Syrian city of Homs , the commander said . Both officials spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity . More than 33,000 Syrians have fled to Turkey to escape the violence in their country , Anadolu reported . Speaking in Washington , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland praised the reported defections , which is something the United States has called for , for some time , she said . "  This appears to be an increasing pace of these kinds of military folks voting with feet , voting with their airplanes , voting with their cars , voting with their families against the Assad regime , " Nuland told reporters . The defections took place amid heightened tensions between Syria and Turkey , and the rest of the international community , over how to stop the bloodshed spurred by the Syrian government 's crackdown on dissidents . Syria was in a war of words Monday with Turkey over the shooting down of a Turkish fighter jet by Syria , an incident that threatens to draw in NATO . Syria rejects Turkey claims on downed jet Meanwhile , at least 80 people were killed Monday in violence across Syria , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . Twenty of those 80 were killed in Daraa , while 17 were killed in Deir Ezzor , the group said . Since Syria 's anti-government uprising started in March last year , more than 15,000 people , mostly civilians , have been killed , the observatory said . The United Nations has said that at least 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict . Syria blames violence on "  armed terrorist groups . " On state-run news agency SANA , al-Assad 's regime said 20 "  army and law enforcement martyrs " were buried Monday . CNN can not confirm specific reports of violence in Syria because the government has restricted access to the country by international journalists . Opposition groups say the violence began when a government crackdown on peaceful protesters generated a nationwide uprising , including the armed resistance . Turkey hardens military position after Syria downs jet Navi Pillay , U.N. high commissioner for human rights , said Monday that despite "  efforts to restore calm in Syria , the situation deteriorates relentlessly . " "  Both government and opposition forces have been involved in actions which have harmed civilians , " Pillay said . "  Those responsible must be held accountable , including for attacks against United Nations observers . I reiterate my call for the Security Council to refer the case of Syria to the International Criminal Court . A prompt referral would serve to remind the actors in Syria that they will be held to account for their failure to abide by international human rights and humanitarian law and protect civilians . " The European Union announced a new round of sanctions against al-Assad 's regime . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the move "  sends an unequivocal message that we will intensify the pressure until the Assad regime ends the killing " and fully implements a six-point plan put forward by Kofi Annan , joint U.N.-Arab League envoy to Syria . "  We have also decided to strengthen the arms embargo " to prevent weapons shipments to Syria , Hague said . "  This robust action comes on the back of our rapid coordination with EU partners to prevent a Russian ship providing attack helicopters to those leading the repression in Syria . " A Russian ship turned back last week . Russian officials said it was carrying repaired attack helicopters that the Syrian regime would use for defensive purposes . "  The UK will remain vigilant and continue to do all that we can to prevent the completely unjustified arming of a regime that is carrying out appalling crimes against its own people , " Hague said . Syrian downing of Turkish plane condemned ; NATO to meet More than 130 killed in Syria as regime forms new government CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Ivan Watson , and Josh Levs and journalist Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 80 people were killed Monday , an opposition group says ; Syria reports 20 "  martyrs " The defections include a Syrian general and at least 4 other officers , two sources say The EU announces a new round of sanctions against Syria U.N. human rights chief calls for referral of the case to the International Criminal Court
CNN  -- The tiny principality of Monaco celebrated Friday the beginning of festivities for ruler Prince Albert , who wed his South African fiancee Charlene Wittstock , a former Olympic swimmer . The pair married in a civil ceremony at the palace Friday afternoon , which was followed by a picnic outside the palace and a concert by musician Jean Michel Jarre . A religious ceremony will take place Saturday , with an official dinner and a fireworks display lined up for later in the evening . The guest list for the wedding includes heads of state and the rich and famous , including French President Nicolas Sarkozy , British model Naomi Campbell , fashion designer Giorgio Armani and British business mogul Richard Branson . However , the United Kingdom 's royal newlyweds -- Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge -- missed it as they are on an official tour of Canada . Preparations for the lavish event have been overshadowed this week by a report in the French news magazine L'Express that Wittstock was getting cold feet about the wedding after finding her fiance 's private life was "  not as exemplary as she imagined . " The paper 's claims were strongly denied by the palace as "  false allegations " , intended only "  to seriously damage the image of the Sovereign , as a result of damaging that of Miss Wittstock , and bear down on this happy event . " Albert 's adviser , Christiane Stahl , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that the two were "  completely disappointed " by the story . The couple announced their engagement last summer , having first met at a swimming event in Monaco in 2000 . The 53-year-old prince and ruler of Monaco , the only son of Princess Grace and the late Prince Rainier , has never married before . Like his 33-year-old fiancee , Albert is also an Olympian , having competed in five Olympic Winter Games -- from Calgary in 1988 to Salt Lake City in 2002 -- in bobsledding . She swam in the 2000 Sydney Olympics . In 2005 , Albert publicly acknowledged he had fathered a son with a flight attendant , and he has also acknowledged a daughter , now in her late teens . He formally became Monaco 's ruler following the death of his father in 2005 and has two sisters , Princesses Caroline and Stephanie . Monaco , a sovereign principality , is one of the smallest countries in the world , measuring just under 2 square miles . It sits on the French Riviera and is bordered on three sides by France . It has a population of about 33,000 .	NEW : Prince Albert and Charlene Wittstock are wed in a civil ceremony at the palace A religious ceremony and fireworks will follow Saturday The lavish event has a star-studded guest list , including heads of state and celebrities
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government will temporarily delay a controversial rule that would again permit passengers to carry small knives on commercial flights three days before it was due to take effect . The Transportation Security Administration said in a statement on Monday it would consider additional input from a federal advisory committee that includes aviation-related interests , passenger advocates , and law enforcement experts before activating the new regulation . Airline passengers had been cleared to carry knives with small blades , including some pocket knives , beginning on Thursday . The TSA did not give a new date for the policy to take effect . Small knives were banned along with a host of other undersized sharp objects , like nail clippers , screwdrivers and cosmetic scissors , after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Opinion : Letting knives on planes would be insane Al Qaeda hijackers were believed to have used box cutters to gain control of four jetliners . There has been a gradual easing of those prohibitions in recent years as planes hardened onboard security and the potential threats shifted from hijackings to attempts by terrorists to bring down planes with bombs . Knives are probably the most common items surrendered by passengers at screening points , aside from liquids . About 35 knives are seen at Baltimore-Washington International Airport on an average day and about 47 per day at Los Angeles International Airport , officials said recently . Under the plan , knives with blades that are 2.36 inches or shorter and less than a half-inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins so long as the blade is not fixed or does not lock into place . TSA Administrator John Pistole had previously told a House Homeland Security subcommittee that his decision on permitting small knives would stand . He said it would improve screening efficiency and allow security to focus on items that pose more serious threats to aviation . Knives on a plane ? Really ? But Pistole has been under pressure from congressional lawmakers , flight crews and others concerned the change dangerously relaxed aviation security and sent the wrong message to a flying public eager for more simplicity and efficiency in passenger and bag screening . Some of the nation 's biggest carriers have also opposed the policy . The TSA statement on Monday said the delay would enable security planners to weigh new feedback and continue workforce training . U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer said the temporary move is a "  solid , commonsense step " toward maintaining safe skies . "  This delay acknowledges that permitting knives on planes is a bad idea ; now the TSA should go the rest of the way and end this flawed policy all together , " the New York Democrat said in a statement . Rep. Bennie G. Thompson , a Mississippi Democrat , also approved of the delay . "  Now TSA can go through the established process , seek input from stakeholders and consult with the  Transportation Security Officer  workforce -- so we can have a sensible security policy with stakeholder buy-in , " the ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee said in a statement . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report	NEW : Sen Schumer of New York says decision to delay rule is a "  commonsense " move The rule change was due to take effect on Thursday ; agency says it will weigh new input TSA has been under pressure from Congress , flight crews and others to not make the change TSA temporarily delays rule change allowing small knives back on commercial flights
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico City , the country 's capital , is one of the world 's important cultural centers -- showcasing Latin America 's rich history and traditions . "  I love its uniqueness , " CNN 's Armando Talamantes said of the city where he lives and works . "  The weather is never too hot and never too cold . " What 's just right is the city 's endless supply of music , local food and art museums . With a population of 8.8 million people , Mexico City is one of the most densely populated areas in the country and one of the richest cities in the world . It 's also a huge attraction for soccer fans and bullfighting enthusiasts . From eating out any time of the night to enjoying a day in the "  Mexican Venice , " or Xochimilco , to visiting the pyramids just outside the city , Talamantes says Mexico City is a constant surprise and delight . Here , he offers some insider tips on traveling to his hometown : Where can you get the best view of the city ? If you 're downtown , go to the top of Torre Latinoamericana . It was the tallest skyscraper in Mexico City for many years . Now , it 's kind of old but keeps its charm . If you 're on Reforma , Mexico 's most beautiful avenue , try to step into Piso 51 in Torre Mayor , the tallest skyscraper in Latin America . Beware : It is a private club , and you will be asked to join . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Taberna del León in Plaza Loreto offers traditional Mexican cuisine in a cozy environment . It 's managed by Mónica Patiño , the famous Mexican chef . Where is the best place to people watch ? Try barrio La Condesa -- its streets are full of bars and restaurants attracting a very interesting crowd , especially on nights and weekends . Also , you can go to Emilio Castelar , a street in Polanco full of life and good-looking people . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Why ? Colonia Roma is becoming the "  Mexican Soho , " with lots of galleries , restaurants , bars , boutique hotels , fountains and squares . It is antique , so you can find old buildings , but it 's also transforming into a more modern area . It is close to La Condesa , which is also a very cool place , full of young people . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? You wo n't believe how many trees are in the city . And the robberies are n't that common , either . Where do you go to relax ? Espacio Escultórico at the UNAM , Mexico 's biggest university campus , offers a collection of sculptures by famous artists . That is a little farther south of the city . If you 're not willing to travel that much , go into Bosque de Chapultepec 's audiorama , where you can sit on a bench and listen to some good music . What essential thing should visitors see or experience if they have only a few hours ? Go inside Museo de Antropología , which showcases the very DNA of Mexico . If you do n't want to step into a museum , go downtown to see El Zocalo  Mexico City 's main square  and Templo Mayor , the remains of an ancient Aztec temple . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? The biggest tourist trap is Plaza Garibaldi , were the mariachis are awful and you can get mugged . A trap that could be worth seeing is the area called Xochimilco , often called "  Mexican Venice " because of a series of canals . Where was your most memorable meal ? Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Zinco bar , on Cinco de Mayo Street in downtown , has great jazz music and a very cheerful crowd . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Not really . Just stick to the tacos and tequila as if you were any place in Mexico . If you want something fancy , try duck enchiladas in Izote restaurant on Avenue Presidente Masaryk , Mexico 's most expensive street . What is a good local souvenir ? Rag dolls sold by the local natives in the streets .	Espacio Escultórico at Mexico 's biggest university campus has a relaxing collection of sculptures Stick to the tacos and tequila as if you were anywhere in Mexico Zinco bar , on Cinco de Mayo Street downtown , has great jazz music , cheerful crowd
CNN  -- It could have been a scene lifted straight from the classic Sean Connery film "  The Hill " -- a drama in which a military prison erupts into riot after an inmate dies following a repetitive drill on an artificial hill in the blazing desert sun . But in Taiwan 's real life version of the film , 18 army officers have been charged , a defense minister has resigned and the parents of 24-year-old Hung Chung-chiu are still demanding justice after their son died following an arduous punishment drill in Taiwan 's searing summer heat . Corporal Hung was just three days short of completing his military service last month when he was reportedly put in solitary confinement for bringing a mobile phone with a camera onto his military base , normally a minor military transgression . Later subjected to a series of tough punishment exercises , doctors say he died of organ failure brought on by severe heatstroke . Since then , Taipei has erupted in protest . More than 100,000 placard-waving people protested outside the Presidential Palace on the weekend , according to organizers Citizen 1985 , and another large protest is scheduled for this weekend . The protest underscores the increasing unpopularity of military service , not just in Taiwan , but in Asia 's other developed economies such as South Korea and Singapore where young people see compulsory military service as an unwelcome interruption to university and a career . Singapore , with a conscription period of 24 months and further 10 years of reservist obligations , has one of the longest periods of national service behind South Korea and Israel . "  Conscription takes away two years of a citizen 's freedom in the name of ` national interests ' , " said former conscript Gordon Lee in a Singapore political blog . "  Unfortunately , in the case of Singapore , where tensions are cool , these ` national ' or ` security ' interests do not outweigh two years of the lives of every male citizen . " "  Even though the government often compares Singapore to Israel , South Korea and Taiwan as being a small and vulnerable state , the fact is , they live in situations of greater tension  than we do in Singapore  . " The Singapore government promotes military service as a cheaper way of building a standing army and as a means of bonding recruits regardless of their backgrounds . "  If anything , Singaporeans are just further trained to blindly obey instructions from their superiors , " Lee said in the post . "  This culture is detrimental to society as a whole , and seems to affect creativity in the society , which is important for the spirit of free enterprise . Surely two years of a person 's life is more important than this ` bonding ' that presumably takes place ? " The Singapore government has been criticized for responding to worried parents by making military service safer and softer for recruits -- in one case a conscript was famously snapped making his maid carry his military pack . For many , these responses are part of the civilianization of military life , throwing a question mark over the effectiveness of a popular -- rather than a professional -- army . "  I would say  these developments  are partly in response to worried parents , but they are probably due in large to a natural evolution of the society in which these institutions are found , " Lee told CNN . "  For example , there has also been a larger appetite for health and safety measures in , say , the construction sector as well . " Efforts in South Korea to make military service more palatable and popular by making a special unit of celebrity K-Pop recruits was scrapped last month after it was found that too often celebrity lifestyles were inimical to the harsh realities of military life . Top brass and regular recruits took a dim view of unauthorized dates , drunken trips to massage parlors and other preferential treatment for the celebrity grunts in a country where military service is regarded as a solemn national duty . "  Although we initially formed the unit to promote the military , a number of unfortunate incidents damaged the public image of the military and lowered the morale of all the regular soldiers who are in the service , " the ministry 's vice spokesperson Wi Yong-seob said at a press conference . First formed 16 years ago , the celebrity unit acted as the military 's public relations office by holding concerts for soldiers or performing at important anniversaries . The issue of celebrities enlisting in the military has long been controversial in South Korea where some argue that K-Pop stars should be exempt from military service because of the substantial foreign revenue they bring to the country . Psy -- the "  Gangnam Style " star -- is perhaps one of the most high-profile military discipline cases , famously repeating his two-year service in 2007 after neglecting his duties by giving private concerts and TV show appearances . In Taiwan , meanwhile , Hung 's death has dealt a severe blow to the public profile of the country 's military . Already , the Ministry of National Defense is falling drastically short in its bid to attract volunteers : its target for 2013 is 17,447 people , but as of July 3 only 1,847 had signed up . Beijing still claims Taiwan -- which split with China in 1949 following the civil war -- as part of its sovereign territory and says it will take the island by force if necessary . A 2011 report by Taiwan 's Ministry of National Defense states the Chinese People 's Liberation Army has 10 times as many troops as Taiwan and a military spend of roughly US$ 78 billion , compared with Taiwan 's US$ 9 billion . "  Yet , the People 's Republic of China 's actual military funding is somewhere between two to three times the figure it has disclosed . Therefore , the actual difference in defense budget on the both sides may reach up to 21-fold , " the report stated . The Hung incident is being taken seriously by Taiwan 's military whose plans to raise an all-volunteer force by the end of 2014 may be receding in the current hostile climate . "  There will certainly be an impact , " Col. Hu Zhong-shi , director of the ministry 's Recruitment Center of National Armed Forces , told a news conference . "  We are continuing to observe the extent of what that impact might be . "	More than 100,000 protest in Taipei after military punishment leads to conscript 's death Protests may deal a blow to Taiwan 's plans to scrap military service by 2015 Singapore 's military service , at 24 months , is one of the longest after South Korea and Israel South Korea 's military scraps its "  celebrity " unit after discipline problems
Washington  CNN  -- Trey Radel loves hip-hop . He is an avid user of Twitter . His real name is Henry Jude Radel III . He represents parts of the southwest Florida coast in Congress . He said he came to Congress to do "  the right thing . " He also just pleaded guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession and is taking a leave of absence to seek substance abuse treatment . "  I have no excuse for what I have done . I have let down our country , " he said at a news conference Wednesday night back home in his district in Cape Coral , Florida . Rep. Trey Radel gets probation for cocaine bust , to seek treatment The former local news anchor-turned conservative talk show host said he came to Washington to represent conservative ideals but also reach across the aisle . "  I spent my first two weeks here in Congress reaching out to every Florida Democrat to go shake their hand and say : ` I 'm not here to yell out you . I 'm not here to name call . I 'm here to work with you , ' " he said in an interview with National Journal in August . In that same interview , he said he had Valentine 's Day dinner with Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , a fellow Floridian but also head of the Democratic National Convention . Easily winning his district -- which has the lowest percentage of Democrats in all Florida and consists of Fort Myers and Naples -- with 61 % of the vote , the Republican congressman has been in office for less than a year . The 37-year-old husband and father of one toddler appeared to be having a great time in Washington . On Twitter , he posted pictures and Vines of himself around the U.S. Capitol with the hashtag #treydome . His Twitter followers loved him . During one of his frequent flights , he reviewed the SkyMall magazine on Twitter . Pictures of the products included his commentary . For one product to treat animal anxiety , Radel tweeted , "  For dogs n cats w serious anxiety . Every member of congress should have one . #treyonplane . " He would hold impromptu "  Twitter Townhalls " where people tweeted him questions about anything but politics . In one , he referred to two classic rap albums by Public Enemy . When asked who he 'd rather have dinner with , fellow Florida Rep. Corinne Brown , who is a Democrat , or Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi , Radel said dinner with Brown because he "  works with her " but "  DRINKS w Nancy . " Radel would often talk about drinks . He was often asked about his favorites in interviews . In an interview with Roll Call , Radel said , "  I have yet to have a bad martini in D.C. , " he commented . "  My favorite is Kettle -LSB- sic -RSB- One , up with blue cheese stuffed olives shaken by Mary at The Palm . " In a statement addressing his cocaine charge , Radel said he "  struggles with the disease of alcoholism " and he 's now in treatment . He has also experienced tragedy . He told National Journal that his mom died at his wedding reception . "  My mom literally died on my wedding reception floor , right after my wife and I were married . It was a freak accident ; she choked . There was a paramedic in the room who could n't save her , " he said . After October 29 , the night he was charged with cocaine possession , his Twitter feed became much more serious . There were no more Twitter Town halls or talk about his favorite drinks . Instead , it was filled with thoughts about policy , especially his opposition to Obamacare . He also showed a Vine of him and his son playing with "  Toy Story " characters and a picture of him , his wife and son dressed up for Halloween . On the night he was elected , he told a local news reporter from WINK , the station where he once worked , that "  Florida has placed a tremendous amount of trust in me " and that he hopes to be a "  spectacular servant " for southwest Florida . On Wednesday night , at what seemed like a hastily called news conference , Radel said he was taking a leave of absence . He said he was going to seek treatment , that he needed help . "  I believe in faith , forgiveness and redemption , " Radel told reporters . "  I ask for your prayers and I do n't ask for me ... . I ask for my family . "	Florida congressman is in the spotlight because of a cocaine possession charge He loves hip-hop and interacting with constituents via Twitter After October 29 , when he was charged , his Twitter feed took a more serious tone
Washington  CNN  -- The presidential campaigns are smashing fundraising records but , with less than two months before Election Day , the size of their already bloated coffers will become less important than how that money is spent . Strategists and fundraisers from both parties agree the Obama and Romney campaigns will have plenty of cash to see them through what Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala calls "  the most important stretch of the election . " The Obama campaign has raised approximately $ 755 million so far and the Romney camp has totaled more than $ 710 million , according to Federal Election Commission records and figures released by the campaigns . President Barack Obama , who just announced a massive television buy in the key battleground state of Florida , is close to matching his historic in 2008 fundraising , while Mitt Romney has nearly doubled what Sen. John McCain raised in a losing effort . " -LSB- Neither -RSB- side is going to have a significant financial advantage over the other , " said Keith Appell , a Republican strategist and senior vice president at CRC Public Relations adding that the money issue is overblown at this point . Former Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe said the same thing . "  Both sides are going to have the sufficient funds to get their message out , " said McAuliffe . How will they do it ? Appell suggests that not only will television fundraising be important , but online advertising will play an important role in the election , more so than in 2008 . "  That 's where you have a bit of a difference , more of an opportunity than you had in the past elections , " said Appell . Obama campaign prepared to unleash huge Florida ad buy Obama 's Facebook page shows 28.4 million "  likes , " while Romney 's page has a little more than 6.7 million . However , the number of people "  talking about " the candidates is about equal at 3 million . When it comes to social media , the reach is broad , Appell says and it 's anyone 's game . "  It 's really more up for grabs than anybody thinks , " said Appell . "  This could make a difference especially when you 're adept at reaching out online through social media in the individual states . " Romney hits harder as poll shows Obama bounce And it also costs less . "  Money spent online is a fraction of what you spend on television , " said Appell . Still , the campaigns are hitting the battleground states hard with television ad buys . Just after the Democratic National Convention ended in Charlotte , the Romney campaign announced an ad buy that targets the same eight battleground states that the Obama campaign targeted with their $ 77 million buy in early August . Those states -- Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Nevada , Hew Hampshire , North Carolina , Ohio and Virginia -- are all toss-ups on CNN 's Electoral Map . It is in TV advertising that some political strategists suggest Romney could outspend and silence the Obama campaign in October . Ryan going up with House re-election ads in Wisconsin Rahm Emanuel changing roles The Obama Campaign released fundraising numbers this week that showed it outraised the Romney camp by $ 3 million this month - $ 114 million to $ 111 million . Although the two campaigns are neck-in-neck , their spending puts them behind in cash-on-hand at the end of July according to FEC filings . The Romney campaign revealed it has $ 165.8 million cash-on-hand earlier this week , but the Obama campaign is not expected to release its numbers until right before the federal filing deadline in late September . When it comes to Super PAC dollars , Democrats trail the Republicans by a wide margin . Super PACs are independent groups that raise money from businesses , labor groups and individuals and have no spending limits . But they must operate independently of the campaigns , meaning they can not coordinate their ad buys . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , President Barack Obama 's former chief of staff who orchestrated the 2006 Democratic takeover of the House in 2006 , recently announced that he was moving to Priorities USA , the Democrats ' largest Super PAC . Emanuel talked about his decision on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " last week : "  The question is would I be more helpful to the president 's reelection as co-chair of the campaign or helping Priorities , " Emanuel told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer last week . "  And not his campaign , but his efforts . And so I am going to try to help him . " Emanuel 's move , to some , signaled weakness in Democratic Super PACs , which were slow to attract donations after Obama dismissed them last year and called them a "  threat to our democracy . " His campaign reversed its decision with a campaign official saying in February : "  We will not unilaterally disarm . " " -LSB- Rahm 's move -RSB- is not a sign -LSB- Democrats are in trouble with their fundraising -RSB- ; it is a DefCon1 catastrophe , " said Mary Matalin , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . But McAuliffe said not to read too much into Emanuel 's move . Dems get boost as both parties seek to leverage conventions "  They want to raise sufficient funds to block what they 're bragging about on the other side and he has the ability to go out and raise large checks , he did it , " said McAuliffe , referring to the 2006 mid-term election . Democratic fundraisers insist they are not concerned going forward . "  We 've known from the beginning that Karl Rove , the Koch Brothers and other right-wing special interests would outspend us , " Begala said , referencing the billionaire brothers who have written large checks to Republican Super PACs . "  But we have to be competitive . " Democratic strategists say that they have the money they need to win in November . "  If you look at , we 're playing in a basket of eight to ten states , that 's it , " McAuliffe said . "  This money is going to go a long way in eight to ten states . " And coming off of a successful convention with a bump in the polls , McAuliffe is confident that Democrats are poised again to take the White House even without the money . "  I would much rather be President Obama today than Governor Romney , " said McAuliffe .	Obama , Romney campaigns smashing fundraising records Campaigns will have enough money to see them through the election , political strategists agree Online targeting will get out the vote more this year than in 2008 Former DNC Chairman : "  I would much rather be President Obama today than Governor Romney "
CNN  -- The age of the virtual assistant is here to stay with Microsoft adding the voice of Cortana to its Windows Phone 8.1 . I 'm old enough to remember the days when certain computing tasks required a steep learning curve . Now it seems almost magical that I can tell my virtual assistant to remind me to take out the garbage when I get home or call my mom when I get busy . The best part is that when it speaks to me , it does so in a way that allows me to believe , for a brief moment , that I 'm interacting with another person . That 's because these virtual assistants sound so human . For the creators of artificial intelligent systems , it 's critical to build them so that they can facilitate emotional connection with users . When machine interactions with humans feel effortless , natural and "  real , " that 's the ultimate metric of success . We 're just getting started . Today 's artificial intelligence systems are just scratching the surface of what 's possible for personal assistants , advisors and maybe , in some cases , true companions . Indeed , the machine-human relationship in the movie "  Her " may not seem so far-fetched in the decades to come . Future virtual assistants will offer far more capabilities and can be personalized for each person . Why should we settle for the voice that companies choose for us ? We 've known for quite some time that typically female voices are preferred , based on their ability to be heard in a clear manner across a broad range of devices . Of course , female voices also tend to be trusted more than male voices . However , if there is one request heard over and over again , it 's for more and varied choices in the persona of these virtual assistants , along with greater control over their spoken voice . Creating text-to-speech , or TTS , can be a difficult task . The more human the system needs to sound the more data needs to be collected . Often times this requires massive amounts of linguistic and acoustic information , based on recordings of real humans . Fortunately , the technology is rapidly evolving . Future modeling techniques , where TTS voices are made from mathematical models of its human counterparts , will be lifelike enough to simulate human speech . They will also allow more rapid voice creation , allowing a previously unachievable level of personalization , where each person could even pick his or her unique voice for a virtual assistant . Modeling technology will also make possible the combination of different voice traits . For example , the deep qualities of a voice similar to James Earl Jones could be combined with the unorthodox speaking style of someone like Jack Nicholson . Microsoft took a page from the gaming world by basing Cortana on the character from the Halo video game series . Perhaps future voices in our devices will be as readily available to manipulate to create a cacophony of recognizable personal assistants from favorite film and TV actors , radio hosts , family members , comedians -- the sky would be the limit . Whether it 's a character from our favorite game or movie , or a persona created by users themselves , we could allow our virtual assistants the freedom to keep us entertained as well as informed . While there is a fine line between personalization and novelty , I see us on a collision course for having more intelligent conversations with our digital assistants in the years ahead . The gadget-oriented systems of today will continue to grow and adapt to our ever-expanding needs , and the more they learn about us , the more they can assist us . When looking at the challenges facing humanity , whether it 's eradicating disease , solving our planet 's renewable energy needs , or even colonizing other worlds , it 's worth pondering if it will be the humans or the intelligence systems that we create that will tackle these problems . And will we be listening if it 's the virtual assistants that are doing the work ?	Microsoft added the voice of Cortana to its Windows Phone 8.1 Brant Ward : The age of the virtual assistant is here to stay Today 's artificial intelligence systems are just scratching the surface , he says Ward : Future virtual assistants will offer more capabilities and personas
Washington  CNN  -- Testimony given by the director of the embattled U.S. Secret Service on Tuesday appears to conflict with the news that broke hours after Julia Pierson 's testimony -- that a private security contractor with a gun shared an elevator with President Obama , in violation of protocol , during his trip to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta two weeks ago . In her testimony before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Pierson said she is responsible for briefing the President whenever there is a serious breach of his or his family 's security . When asked how many times she had to take such action in 2014 , she said it was only after the September 19 incident in which a man armed with a knife jumped the White House fence and made it into the mansion 's East Room . Not long after the hearing adjourned , the Washington Examiner and then the Washington Post reported the incident in Atlanta on September 16 . An agency official confirmed the incident to CNN in which a security contractor operating an elevator at the CDC was carrying a gun in the presence of Obama and his Secret Service detail . The contractor was taking pictures of the President and otherwise behaving in an unprofessional manner , the official said . When the security worker was confronted about his behavior , it was revealed that he was armed . Asked about the apparent inconsistency in Pierson 's testimony , a spokesman for the Secret Service , Ed Donovan , told CNN "  we are n't going to discuss private conversations the director may have with the President . " Can the Secret Service actually change ? According to Secret Service protocols , it is up to the agency to decide who is allowed to possess firearms in the presence of the President . The agency official said that the elevator operator was determined not to be a threat to Obama after he was interviewed by officers . White House officials did not respond to requests for comment from CNN . "  I believe the President 's security was unnecessarily compromised , " Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , told CNN . "  A convict with a gun in an elevator with the President put his life in danger . The Director should have informed the President , yet she testified she did not . Did she lie to Congress or fail to inform the President ? " Chaffetz at the hearing specifically asked Pierson "  what percentage of the time do you inform the President that his personal security has in any way , shape or form been breached ? " "  Percentage of the time ? " Pierson responded . "  A hundred percent of the time we would advise the President . " "  You would advise the President , " Chaffetz specified . "  Yes , " she said . "  In calendar year 2014 how many times has that happened ? " asked Chaffetz . "  I have not briefed him ... except for one occasion for the September 19 incident , " she said , referring to the White House intruder who was able to breach White House security and get into the East Room of the White House . Chaffetz clarified that the only time she had only briefed the President about his or his family 's personal security in 2014 was the one time . "  That is correct , " she said . The elevator incident happened three days before the fence-jumping intrusion at the White House . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	"  I believe the President 's security was unnecessarily compromised , " Chaffetz says Secret Service official confirms to CNN reports of an incident when Obama visited the CDC A private security contractor shared an elevator with the President , in violation of protocol Secret Service director testifies she only briefed President on White House fence jumper
New York  CNN  -- Singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder has a new title on his resume : United Nations Messenger of Peace . Wonder -- blind since birth -- will promote U.N. ideals and activities with an emphasis on championing for people with disabilities , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . When his installation announcement was briefly interrupted by a fire alarm in the U.N. Secretariat Building in New York on Thursday , Wonder broke the tension with a joke . "  I 'm trying to figure out a new melody , " he said . It was a false alarm caused by smoke from nearby construction , a U.N. spokesman said . Wonder joins 10 other celebrities -- including actors George Clooney and Michael Douglas , cellist Yo-Yo Ma and primatologist Jane Goodall -- as advocates of the United Nations ' work . Others include conductor Daniel Barenboim , author Paulo Coelho , violinist Midori Goto , Princess Haya Bint al Hussein , actor Charlize Theron and Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel . "  Our newest Messenger of Peace is someone who is admired by millions of people and has given back to millions of people , " Ban Ki-moon said before the ceremony . Wonder "  has consistently used his voice and special relationship with the public to create a better and more inclusive world , to defend civil and human rights and to improve the lives of those less fortunate , " the secretary-general said . A U.N. statement cited Wonder 's activism in the 1980s against apartheid in South Africa and for a national holiday in the United States honoring Martin Luther King Jr. . Wonder -- born 59 years ago in Saginaw , Michigan -- has been a star since childhood , when he was known as "  Little Stevie Wonder . " In addition to his long performance career singing and playing piano , Wonder has written a long list of hit songs , including "  For Once in My Life , " "  Superstition , " "  Higher Ground " and "  Sir Duke . "	Stevie Wonder to promote United Nations ideals and activities in new role Wonder 's welcome broken up by alarm ; he cracked a joke Other Messengers of Peace include George Clooney , Michael Douglas , Yo-Yo Ma
CNN  -- Evangelical pastor Ted Haggard described Thursday as "  fundamentally true " an assertion that he engaged in an inappropriate relationship with a 20-year-old male volunteer in 2006 . Pastor Ted Haggard acknowledged on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that he had a second relationship with a man . The incident occurred when the two men were in bed together , Grant Haas said in a videotaped interview played on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  He pretty much asked me if it was OK if he masturbated in front of me or masturbated in the bed next to me , " Haas said . "  I told him no , it would make me really uncomfortable . But he grabbed a bottle of lotion and started masturbating . " Haas added , "  Haggard  used to say to me , ` You know what , Grant , you can become a man of God , and you can have a little bit of fun on the side . " Haggard , 52 , said the incident was "  an indicator of the compulsive behavior " that ruled him at the time . However , he said he has been undergoing therapy during the two years since and "  working it out . " Watch Haggard accuser speak out " Controversy involving Haggard first erupted in November 2006 , when a former prostitute , Mike Jones , said the pastor had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence . Haggard initially admitted in interviews that he received a massage from Jones but denied having sex with him . He also said he bought methamphetamine , but threw it away instead of using it . The assertions received widespread news coverage and sparked charges of hypocrisy , particularly because Haggard had condemned homosexual sex . Watch Haggard address allegations on Oprah " Haggard is the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals , which claims to represent millions of people in 45,000 congregations nationwide . He was also the head pastor at New Life Church . In a settlement with New Life , the church and Haggard agreed that he would retain his six-figure salary for a year , leave the Colorado Springs area , receive counseling and not speak publicly about what had happened for one year , according to a church staff member with knowledge of the settlement but who was not authorized to speak on the record . In the CNN interview , Haggard credited Jones with having helped him by disclosing that information . "  I think he rescued me . I 'm very grateful to him , " Haggard said . He said he would have lost the support of his wife of 30 years , Gail , and their five children "  and been a drug addict " had he not been caught . "  I paid a heavy price . It was stupid , " he said . Haggard likened his struggles with his desires to the struggles faced by dieters who say , " ` I 'm not going to eat today ' and then they eat . " "  Many of the charges against me are exaggerated , but it does n't matter , " Haggard told Larry King . "  I 'm guilty enough of so many things . " He acknowledged that his actions were hypocritical , but said he could not control his urges . "  I felt like God 's plan was for sexuality to be in a monogamous , heterosexual marriage , " he said . "  I wanted that . But at the same time , I had these other things going on . " Haggard said he had thought that focusing on his spiritual life would help , but found that it did not . "  It actually made me worse , " he said . Haggard said that , for a time , he lost the ability to read the Scriptures and became suicidal . "  I think it was divine intervention that stopped me , " he said . Asked if he has engaged in inappropriate conduct with any other men , Haggard did not give a direct answer , saying only , "  I have thoroughly discussed all of my sexual history with my wife and my therapist and , to some degree , the family , and we think that 's an appropriate boundary for that . " Asked whether he considers himself bisexual or gay , Haggard said that different therapists have described him in different ways . "  The first said , ` You are a heterosexual with homosexual attachments . ' I was n't sure what that meant . " His current therapist , he said , described him as "  a heterosexual with complications . " Haggard said he has , at least , another year of therapy ahead of him . "  I think I 'm still deeply wounded and scarred and somewhat confused , " he said . About other men , he added , "  I have thoughts from time to time , but not compelling thoughts . " Nevertheless , he said , "  Today , I 'm 100 percent satisfied with my relationship with my wife , and I have no compelling things in my life toward others . " He said he initially urged his wife to leave him , but she refused . "  I really do love this man , " she told CNN when asked why she did not leave . But it was also her faith that led her to stick with the marriage , she said . "  The teaching of Jesus is that we forgive and that we love . " She said the two had "  a great sexual relationship in our marriage ... throughout marriage . " Though the news of his unfaithfulness came as a shock , it was n't completely out of the blue , she said . "  I knew that Ted had some struggles in this area , particularly in his thoughts . I never knew that he acted on them . " Marcus Haggard , the couple 's 25-year-old son , said he , too , was shocked by the revelations , but was more disturbed to learn that his father had lied . Still , he said the news brought the family closer together . "  He had lived so long on a pedestal , " Marcus Haggard said about his famous father . "  He seemed practically perfect . There was a sense of relief in the fact that we could connect with our dad . " Asked if he wants to return to the pulpit , Haggard said , "  I think Gail and I both want to tell our story to the degree that it 's helpful to other people . I do n't know that that would mean a pulpit , but certainly I 'd be interested in public speaking . " His appearance Thursday coincided with the debut of an HBO documentary called "  The Trial of Ted Haggard . "	Pastor Ted Haggard acknowledges 2006 relationship with 20-year-old male Accuser alleges Haggard masturbated in front of him Haggard claims incident was part of "  compulsive behavior " that ruled him at the time Haggard admits he still has thoughts of other men
CNN  The first indication that something was wrong was a phone call from his daughter 's Denver area school to let Assad Ibrahim know that she had not come to class . He dialed her cell . And she answered . But , officials say , she did n't tell him that she was on her way to Syria to join ISIS . She was just late for class , that 's all , Ibrahim 's daughter told him on Friday , according to the Arapahoe County Sheriff 's Office , which filed a runaway report . The American girl of Sudanese descent also kept quiet about her two girlfriends , Americans of Somali descent , who were flying with her to Turkey by way of Germany . Two more girls , sisters Those two had told their father , Ali Farah , that they were going to the library . But when Farah got home from work , a visitor came calling , according to the documents . Apparently , it was Ibrahim . Farah should check to see if his daughters ' passports were missing , the visitor told him -- just like his daughter 's passport was . Sure enough , they were gone , along with $ 2,000 in cash . The two families called the FBI . They said they thought the girls were on their way to Turkey . The agency put out a notice on their passports . German authorities intercepted the trio , ages 15 , 16 and 17 , at Frankfurt airport and put them on a plane back to the United States , where they were greeted by FBI agents . The three girls were questioned and released . Two U.S. officials say they had planned to join militants with ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Out of the blue The girls ' parents say they had no idea their children planned to travel . None of them had ever run away before . Their disappearance hit them out of the blue , the way other ISIS related incidents are popping up in the Western world . Two more turned up in tandem with the girls ' runaway attempt . On Monday , a radical convert to Islam in Canada ran down two soldiers in his car , killing one of them . Martin Rouleau Couture , 25 , then led police on a chase before his car rolled into a ditch in the town of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu , southeast of Montreal . He exited the car , and police shot him dead . Back in July , Couture , too , had tried to join foreign jihad , and Canadian police arrested him on his way to Turkey . But they could not charge him and had to let him go . And this week , a video turned up of a 17-year-old Australian boy standing with ISIS fighters and threatening to behead Western leaders , including President Obama , then fly the ISIS flag over the White House . Colorado teen pleads guilty in plan to join ISIS ISIS ' draw ISIS has , for an anti-Western organization , been surprisingly attractive to young recruits from the West , as well as to some young women . More than 100 of the foreign fighters have come from the United States , according to intelligence estimates ; hundreds more from Europe , which is geographically closer to the fight . Every week , five more people from the UK alone join ISIS , a British police commissioner said Tuesday . And that 's a conservative estimate . "  We know that over 500 British nationals traveled to join the conflict , " said Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe from the Metropolitan Police . "  Five a week does n't sound much , but when you realize there are 50 weeks in a year , 250 more would be 50 % more than we think have gone already , " he said . To put things into perspective , though , thousands more come from the Middle East and Africa . More than 3,000 have joined from Tunisia . Sense of belonging It 's more than just a radical interpretation of Islam that is drawing teens to the extremely bloodthirsty militant group , a former CIA officer says . "  They 're often times searching for an identity , because what the jihadis are actually pushing is a specific narrative , which is : Your people  Muslims  are being oppressed in this place called Syria ; your government is doing nothing ; we 're the only ones who are actually going to help you out , " said Aki Peritz . "  Why do n't you join the fight ? " Richard Barrett of The Soufan Group says many of the teens lack a sense of belonging where they live , and they believe ISIS can give it to them . "  The general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in Syria suggests camaraderie , good morale and purposeful activity , all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism , designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem , " he says . And ISIS constantly cranks the PR machine , making expert use of slick videos and social media . Echoing back West ISIS ' global digital reach has terror experts in the United States worried about security at home as well . There are terrorist groups in Yemen and in Syria with stated ambitions of striking on American soil , but another threat is more probable , says counterterrorism expert Matt Olsen . "  I would say the most likely types of attack is one of these homegrown violent extremists or lone offenders in the United States , and  with  the rise of ISIS and the number of people going to Syria ... the likelihood does go up . " Self-styled attackers like the Boston Marathon bombers could be the result . The use of the Internet makes terrorists more vulnerable to tracking , but that has become more difficult since Edward Snowden revealed secret U.S. surveillance programs . Opinion : What lures Americans to Syria fight ? Girls ' online activities In Denver , the 17-year-old girl was apparently the instigator of the trip , having planned it for months , two U.S. officials said . But all three researched the plan online , visiting websites where extremists discuss how to get to Syria . The online activity did n't set off any tripwires the FBI typically uses to flag possible jihadist sympathizers , the officials said . The FBI is combing all of their communications to see if anyone was helping them . Their parents think ISIS was behind the trip . Investigators are also not sure the girls had even worked out the final goal for their travel . As was the case with the Canadian , Couture , the investigation into the travel will probably not lead to charges , especially because the girls are minors , the two U.S. officials said . On Monday , Sheriff 's Deputy Evan Driscoll visited the two girls of Somali descent in their home and had a conversation with them . "  The girls explained that they stole the $ 2,000 and their passports from their mother , " he wrote in the runaway report . They would n't tell Driscoll why they flew to Germany . The deputy called dispatchers and had the girls ' runaway listing removed . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Evan Perez , Holly Yan and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	All three girls skipped school and took a flight to Germany , wanted to go to Turkey Officials say they were trying to make it to Syria to join ISIS Two of the girls , of Somali descent , stole $ 2,000 from their parents The trio was caught at the airport in Frankfurt , Germany
Washington  CNN  -- A new political reality hits Washington next week , with the first split Congress since 2002 raising questions about whether the bipartisan cooperation of the recently concluded lame-duck session can continue . Conventional wisdom says the shift from one party controlling both chambers , as Democrats have done since 2006 , to the GOP taking over the House and holding a stronger minority stake in the Senate means increased partisan impasse over the next two years . But that same conventional wisdom got turned on its head after November 2 , when the electoral "  shellacking " delivered to President Barack Obama and the Democrats was followed by one of the most productive post-election congressional conclusions in history . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs attributed the new bipartisanship of the post-election period to the Republican gains in the November vote . "  There was a responsibility of government that I think the Republicans got in the November elections and they began to understand that responsibility a little bit more in this lame-duck session than they had in the previous , quite frankly , 18 months or so , " Gibbs said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Republicans can no longer afford to "  simply sit and say no , " Gibbs said , referring to the obstructive posture that GOP leaders generally struck in Obama 's first two years in office . Instead , he called for Republicans to be part of a constructive conversation , at least in 2011 before the presidential campaign of 2012 really heats up . Some liberals accused Obama of giving in too easily to Republican demands on some issues , particularly in cutting a deal that extended Bush-era tax cuts to everyone after Obama had campaigned on allowing tax rates of the wealthy to return to higher levels . White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett told the NBC program "  Meet the Press " that the new reality in Washington requires such compromise in order to do what 's best for the American people , rather than one political party or another . The tax deal , while giving Republicans the extended cuts they wanted as well as a lower estate tax than scheduled , also provided extended jobless benefits and other tax credits sought by Obama and Democrats , Jarrett noted . "  We ca n't ignore the realities of the membership and the makeup of Congress and the fact that we are going to need bipartisan support to get things done , " Jarrett said . The tax deal was followed by congressional approval of a series of Democratic-supported measures that had been held up by Republican opposition , including a major nuclear arms treaty with Russia and the repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy banning openly gay and lesbian service members from the military . Now , the issues only get tougher . With unemployment still close to 10 percent and the federal deficit continuing to expand , Obama and leaders of both parties say they need to find a way to both accelerate recovery from economic recession while devising long-term policies and strategies to better balance revenue and spending . A sweeping deficit reduction plan devised by a bipartisan commission appointed by Obama recommended spending cuts , tax increases , adjustments to Social Security and other proposals normally considered politically taboo . The plan won approval from a majority of the panel numbers , but lacked enough support to require a congressional vote on it . Gibbs said Obama wants to strengthen Social Security and Medicare to ensure future solvency while also addressing the growing federal deficit and one of his top priorities -- improving education in the United States . However , Republicans have made clear that cutting spending is their top priority . Incoming House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , is promising weekly votes on spending cuts , and conservative Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma warned of a national catastrophe if the deficit does n't get reduced . "  There will not be one American that will not be called to sacrifice " under the needed spending cuts to deal with the deficit , Coburn said on "  FOX News Sunday . " While acknowledging that "  those that are more well-to-do will be called to sacrifice to a greater extent " -- a traditional Democratic stance -- Coburn said the increased spending of the past decade under both Obama and former President George W. Bush required immediate and significant cuts to show financial markets and investors here and abroad that the United States is serious about balancing its books . The tax deal means that hundreds of billions of dollars that would have been raised in higher income taxes and expired tax cuts will instead get spent in the economy , Coburn noted . "  So I think there is no problem that we could cut $ 100 or $ 200 billion and start making a down payment and come to an agreement " on deficit reduction , Coburn said . "  There does n't have to be a standoff . What there has to be is real leadership and recognizing the serious nature and the urgency of our problem . " He rejected criticism by fellow conservatives for supporting the deficit reduction plan of the bipartisan commission , which included increased tax revenue rejected by many on the political right . "  I 'm not in the Senate for the Republican Party , " said Coburn , who won re-election last month for his second and what he insisted would be his final six-year term . "  I 'm in the Senate for America and for the future of our country . And if we are going to measure everything by Republican/Democrat , we 're going to continue down this course that is going to result in our failure . " Jarrett indicated Obama sought a middle road , noting he had shown his willingness to work with Republicans but also would "  fight very hard " for eventually ending the lower tax rates for the wealthiest Americans . Throughout his presidency , she noted , Obama had taken necessary steps -- "  some of them unpopular " -- to deal with the financial crisis he faced on taking office and now to reach the tax compromise . "  What he realizes is that he had to be pragmatic , but he was being pragmatic in order to deliver for the American people , " Jarrett said , later adding : "  The American people expect him to lead . He is their president . He is everybody 's president , regardless of party affiliation . " CNN 's Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this story .	Next week brings the first split Congress since 2004 Obama advisers say the president will do what 's best for the country Republican Sen. Coburn : Catastrophe looms unless the federal deficit gets reduced
CNN  -- It was a game that featured one of the most expensively assembled casts a Manchester derby has ever seen . Quite rightly , it was settled by one of the most valuable forwards in world football . Sergio Aguero 's second half strike was enough to give Manchester City a closely fought 1-0 victory over a Manchester United side that played the majority of this tense match with ten men after Chris Smalling was sent off late in the first period . The result marks a fourth consecutive derby victory for City and keeps them on the tails of second placed Southampton in the Premier League standings . "  All the games are  worth  three points but it 's important to win the derby , " City manager Manuel Pelligrini told Sky Sports after the match . "  It 's a special moment to win against Manchester United . " Pellegrini 's men have struggled in recent weeks , losing to Newcastle United and West Ham in domestic competitions whilst drawing with CSKA Moscow in the Champions League . But City showed admirable grit to shut out their cross-town opponents Sunday after coming under real pressure in the closing stages . "  They  United  played well towards the end , " City captain Vincent Kompany said . "  We had most of the chances but you miss a couple and you can seem to lose control of the game . "  The derby win is massive . For a minute , the league does n't matter . It is a boost for us and we will do our job again in the Champions League on Wednesday . " City 's recent dominance in this fixture now makes the big spending "  noisy neighbors " accusation once leveled by former United manager Alex Ferguson seem a long time ago . If anything , the big spending tag is now more apt for United . The Red Devils trumped City and all others in the Premier League this close season by splashing out over $ 239 million on new talent like Angel Di Maria , Radamel Falcao , Luke Shaw , Marcos Rojo , Ander Herrera and Daley Blind to aid new manager Louis Van Gaal 's assault on the title . City were hardly penny pinchers themselves , however , bringing in the likes of Eliquiam Malanga , Fernando and Willy Caballero at a combined cost of $ 78 million , but were more restrained in the market than in years gone by . It was one of the mainstays of the light blues recent triumphs , himself a $ 60 million signing from Atletico Madrid back in 2011 , who would settle this affair . Aguero looked lively all afternoon , testing David De Gea early on with a rasping strike from a tight angle and then forcing the United keeper into a brave block later in the half . When Smalling was sent off , after picking up a second booking for a lunging tackle on James Milner that Van Gaal later described as "  not very smart , " it looked like the lively Argentine would find more space against United 's depleted back line . While that did n't exactly turn out to be the case , as United still created more than their fair share of chances , he was to prove the difference just after the hour mark . Gael Clichy was expertly played through by Yaya Toure before cutting the ball back for Aguero to sweep the ball high beyond De Gea . It was a typically smart Aguero goal , displaying nifty movement to step away from his marker to create the space for the pull back . United reacted by pushing forward despite their numerical disadvantage and came close through efforts from Robin Van Persie and Marouane Fellaini . City still created chances of their own , however . Jesus Navas cracked the upright after a clever through ball from Toure while Stevan Jovetic made De Gea work after shooting from the edge of the box . With time running out Wayne Rooney burst through the City defense and claimed to have been brought down by the covering Martin Demichelis . Referee Michael Oliver remained unmoved and when the ball broke to Di Maria , the Argentine 's shot was brilliantly saved low down to his right by Hart . It was to be the last clear cut chance of the match as City closed out to maintain their local dominance .	Manchester City defeat Manchester United 1-0 Sergio Aguero scores only goal of game United reduced to ten men in first half as Chris Smalling sent off Result marks City 's first victory in three matches
CNN  -- In a case that has captured international attention , two of Saudi Arabia 's most prominent human rights activists were each sentenced on Saturday to at least 10 years in prison , Saudi activists report . They had been found guilty earlier Saturday of providing inaccurate information to foreign media , founding and operating an unlicensed human rights organization , as well as other offenses . Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid , co-founders of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , had been on trial since last year . The high-profile case has garnered widespread criticism from international rights groups that have said the charges against the men were politically motivated . Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them Al-Qahtani was sentenced to 10 years in prison , as well as given a 10-year travel ban , Saudi activists said . He was ordered arrested after the verdict was issued . Al-Hamid was sentenced to five years in prison as well as being ordered to serve an additional six years from a previous prison sentence of which he had been pardoned by Saudi King Abdullah in 2006 . Al-Hamid was given an additional five-year travel ban and also ordered arrested after the verdict was issued . Abdulaziz Al-Shubaily is a member of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , and he said he attended Saturday 's session at criminal court in Riyadh , the capital . He told CNN the courtroom was packed , "  full of journalists , activists , as well as a heavy security presence . " Al-Qahtani , a 46-year-old economics professor , faced nine charges , including breaking allegiance to the Saudi king , describing Saudi Arabia as a police state and turning people and international bodies against the kingdom . Al-Hamid faced similar charges , including spreading chaos , questioning the authority of official clerics and undermining public order . In an interview with CNN in January , Al-Qahtani called the accusations against him and Al-Hamid nonsense , saying he knows why he and Al-Hamid were really put on trial -- that they had stoked the ire of the kingdom for running an activist group that is trying to expose human rights violations there . "  We have a number of cases where people are thrown in prison arbitrarily , torture , forced disappearances . ... Whatever rights abuses  you could think of  , you could find in Saudi Arabia , " Al-Qahtani said . According to rights groups , Saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activists through the courts and travel bans . Tamara Al-Rifai , spokeswoman for Human Rights Watch 's Middle East and North Africa Division , told CNN in January , "  This has been a systematic approach by the authorities in Saudi Arabia -- namely , the targeting and harassing of activists across the country . " Al-Rifai explained that accusations against activists generally include "  instigating chaos , gathering illegally , harming the reputation , talking to foreigners , talking to the media , etc. " She said there is no clear criminal law in Saudi Arabia and that people "  are being arbitrarily arrested and detained for exercising rights that are stipulated by all international human rights laws , but also the Arab Charter of Human Rights , to which Saudi Arabia has adhered . " In June , Amnesty International issued a statement calling Al-Qahtani 's trial "  just one of a troubling string of court cases aimed at silencing the kingdom 's human rights activists . " Despite repeated attempts , CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry for comment . When asked in January about the case and about accusations that Saudi Arabia is cracking down on dissent , Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , spokesman for the Saudi Interior Ministry , told CNN , "  At the Interior Ministry , our area of responsibility is security . " "  My understanding is that these cases are being looked at by the courts now , " Added Al-Turki . "  Nobody will comment on cases being looked at by the courts . " Also known by the acronym ACRPA , the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , founded in 2009 , reported on human rights violations and attempts to help relatives of political prisoners free their loved ones through lawsuits against the government . Despite repeated attempts to obtain an operating license , the Saudi government did not give them one . In December 2010 , ACPRA called for all Saudis to participate in a public sit-in to demand political reform . The sit-in was canceled , as the ministry of interior told the organizers their request was refused . In January 2012 , ACPRA crossed one of the country 's ultimate red lines by being openly critical of Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry and demanding the interior minister be prosecuted for human rights violations . They 've also circulated petitions for the release of Saudis they believe are political prisoners . "  After the verdicts were issued , we 're worried , " said Al-Shubaily on Saturday . "  As activists , we were worried before , now we 're much more worried . " Al-Shubaily went on to explain that while ACPRA has now been ordered disbanded , human rights activists in the kingdom will continue to try to do their work .	Saudi activists who attended Saturday court hearing report sentence Mohammed Al-Qahtani and Abdullah Al-Hamid accused of criticizing Saudi kingdom Rights groups say Saudi authorities have been increasingly targeting activists
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- One person was killed and more that two dozen were hurt in a fresh round of anti-government protests in Yemen on Thursday , eyewitnesses and an opposition lawmaker reported . An 18-year-old demonstrator died in Aden when police fired to disperse protesters , said Aref al-Qubati , a participant who said the victim was a friend of his . It was the second fatality reported in the past two days in Aden , where authorities cut off power to the Al-Mansoora district and fired into the air to break up the crowd of about 3,000 . At least 12 other people were wounded in clashes with security forces throughout the day , witnesses said . But journalists have been barred from the city 's Al-Naqeeb hospital , and about 400 guards surrounded the facility . And in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , at least 20 people were injured in clashes between stone-throwing pro- and anti-government demonstrators , opposition lawmaker Ahmed Hashid told CNN . Police at the scene did not try to intervene , he said . The clash took place in western Sanaa , with about 600 government opponents there at the peak , anti-government demonstrators claimed . The opponents had planned to gather at Sanaa University , but said they found government supporters there who forced them to leave , they said . By the time CNN arrived , there were about 100 anti-government protesters and 300 to 400 supporters of the government near the intersection of Rabat Street and Fitteen Street . One injured person was carried away while CNN was present , but it was not clear how serious the injuries were . Gunfire was heard in the area as well , but it was difficult to determine who was shooting or what the target was . Yemen is among several Middle Eastern nations to find itself convulsed by daily protests after the revolts that toppled the leaders of Tunisia and Egypt in recent weeks . Anti-government protesters have called for the ouster of longtime Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who has ruled the country since 1978 . The country has been wracked by a Shiite Muslim uprising , a U.S.-aided crackdown on al Qaeda operatives , a secessionist movement in its once-independent south and a looming shortage of water . In an attempt to quell growing discontent , Saleh has announced that he wo n't seek another term in 2013 and would postpone parliamentary elections scheduled for April to allow more time for reform talks with the opposition . It is not clear who the pro-government demonstrators are . Anti-government activists say the government is putting hired thugs and plainclothes police on the street to break up protests , but pro-government demonstrators have told CNN they are there of their own volition and are not being paid . The government has not responded to CNN questions about the pro-government demonstrators . The top European Union foreign policy official , Catherine Ashton , is "  very concerned " about the events in Aden , her representative said in a statement Thursday . Ashton "  strongly deplores the loss of life and violence and calls for calm and restraint of all parties , " the statement said , calling for "  genuine , comprehensive and inclusive national dialogue . " Human rights activists accused pro-government demonstrators of beating students after a similar protest in Sanaa Wednesday . Witnesses in Aden said the victim was an 18-year-old who was shot by security forces as they tried to disperse the crowd . Video distributed by student activists appeared to show the youth being carried away , bleeding heavily from his left side . But CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the video , and there was no immediate confirmation of the fatality from hospital officials . The Aden protest drew thousands of demonstrators , mostly students , to the city 's Al Mansoora district for a sixth straight day . And in Sanaa , students at Sanaa University rallied inside the gates of the campus in a demonstration organized by the head of the university 's student union , said Omar Al-Nihmi , a third-year media student at the school . The three students injured in Sanaa were attacked while on their way home from the university demonstration , human rights activist Abdul Rahman Barman said . Barman said he took one of the students to the hospital with head injuries from being hit with sticks , but the other two had only minor injuries . The student protest began as a call for an improved curriculum , for removal of the university dean and for security forces to remain off-campus . But about 90 minutes into the event , the mood turned anti-government , said third-year student Salah Al-Janadi . More students showed up , both Al-Nihmi and Al-Janadi said , and the protesters began chanting anti-government slogans such as "  The people want the fall of the regime " and "  Oh Ali , son of Saleh , your regime is no good . " They also chanted , "  Our protests are peaceful and we do n't have weapons . " Shortly afterward , hundreds of pro-government demonstrators turned up -- but they were outside the university gates , while the students were inside . The pro-government demonstrators began throwing rocks , Al-Janadi said . Al-Janadi said he was told by the protest organizers "  that because today 's protest was a student union protest at the university , security forces at the scene would not interfere . " Hundreds of police were on the scene as well . They did not interfere with protesters , Al-Janadi said , but fired bullets into the air , successfully dispersing the crowds . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Yemen has seen nearly a week of daily demonstrations as protests sweep the region Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has been in power for 32 years The European Union "  deplores " the violence and calls for restraint
CNN  -- The best photographs work on multiple levels , capturing what 's happening on the surface while transcending two-dimensions to invite viewers to dig into whatever 's pictured . That 's literally the idea behind Nick Veasey 's x-ray photographs . He uses five x-ray machines to take probing photos that provide an intimate , even eerie look into everything from robots to firearms . "  Sometimes I think about -LSB- the process -RSB- as a metaphor for life , " he says . "  You are often attracted to people by their physical appearance , but you fall in love with them because of who they are . It 's what 's on the inside that counts . Same thing here . " 13 of the year 's best infographics The English photographer makes most of his photos in an 800-square-foot studio with concrete walls 30 inches thick . The lead door weighs 1,250 kilos , or more than 2,700 pounds . The heavy fortification is necessary because Veasey is constantly bombarding his subjects with radiation . He says the machines he has emit a type of radiation that does n't contaminate the object after it 's been x-rayed . His studio is n't large enough to photograph an airplane , obviously . Anything that wo n't fit inside is disassembled and photographed in pieces ; Veasey then combines all those images into a composite using Photoshop . How a radical new teaching method could unleash a generation of geniuses There are other tricks involved . Instead of shooting the entire fuselage of the Boeing 777 -- which is 242 feet long and has a wingspan of almost 200 feet -- Veasey shot one curved section and duplicated it in Photoshop . And he shot just three rows of seats because compressing dozens of rows would have made the photo too crowded . "  I try to be as accurate as possible , but I 'm also working within certain constraints , " he says . Twitter founder reveals secret formula for getting rich online Even with these tricks , Veasey says he shot more than 1,000 pictures of the airliner to create the final image . If one of the pieces of the plane was too big for the 14 x 17-inch X-ray film he uses , he had to combine multiple exposures . The skeletons featured in some photos were captured in one of two ways . For some of the photos , Veasey used a cadaver , preserved in a pressurized suit , borrowed from a nearby college . Others relied upon skeletal models radiology technicians use to train on . The best map ever made of America 's racial segregation Veasey is working on several new projects at the moment . One is about famous guns like the M16 and Walther PPK . Another project looks at robots . He chose robots because they 're getting more sophisticated by the day and he wants to look inside to see what makes them tick . A third , and larger project , focuses on classic cars , including the Ford Model T , the Mercedes-Benz 300SL "  Gullwing " and the iconic Mini . To get around the problem of disassembling the cars -- something the owners almost certainly would frown upon -- Veasey has tracked down an X-ray machine in Germany big enough to shoot them intact . Apple 's fingerprint ID may mean you ca n't ` take the Fifth ' He chose older cars because he 's a classic car fan . But he also favors classic cars because modern vehicles are packed to the gills with technology with would muck up his shot -- air bags , electronics , etc. . Classic cars are simpler , more elegant and would make for far more interesting photos . "  All these cars are beautiful things in the flesh , but I also want to celebrate the engineering that went into making them , " he says . Veasey is currently looking for classic car owners who would like their cars photographed . To contact him , please send an email to nick@nickveasey.com . Adrenaline-pumping photos from some of the world 's biggest thrillseekers Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Nick Veasey uses X-ray machines to take revealing photos of large metal objects The British photographer has snapped guns , cars , planes and robots Veasey : With objects as with people , "  It 's what 's on the inside that counts "
Creteil , France  CNN  -- At Sunday mass in the suburbs outside Paris , a score of Iraqi Catholics are praying for themselves and their families . They are part of a group of nearly 60 brought here in early November after a bloody massacre at their church in Baghdad . In that attack , believed to have been carried out by al Quaeda , 56 people died , including two auxiliary priests , and more than 70 were injured -- among them the parish priest of Our Lady of Salvation , Father Raphael Kuteimi . Kuteimi was struck by grenade fragments during the attack , which went on for four hours . He was brought to France for medical treatment . The church did have some police protection , he says , but there are just too many threats against the Christian community . Pierre Whalon , an Anglican bishop who helps bring the religiously persecuted to France , points out that no one takes note of threats to the Christian community until there is a major attack . "  There has been a Christian assassinated every single day since 2003 . At least one , " Whalon says . "  You know , the news reports just get tired of it , because what 's new ? Another Christian or two or 10 murdered today in Mosul or Baghdad or elsewhere . " Whalon says the Christian community of Iraq , which numbered about 1.2 million before the war began , now is down to about 400,000 , with many moving out under the threat of death . After the attack in October , the number of people on waiting lists seeking refuge in France swelled to more than 4,000 . No one wants to see such an ancient community disappear , says the bishop , least of all the refugees themselves -- but they have little choice . That 's certainly the feeling of "  Elias , " who wants to keep his real name secret because he still has family he is trying to bring out of Iraq . The former government bureaucrat was wounded in the church attack and says he heard the gunmen say they want to drive Christian infidels out of the country . The last thing he wanted to do , he says , is to leave his homeland . "  I am now in France , not my country , " says Elias . "  I have no job here . I had a very good job in Baghdad , a very good salary , my wife too , assistant professor . And now we will come here -- for what ? But if we have no protection to keep ourselves away from them , we must leave , and that 's why you see us here . " "  I have memories . I have lots of feelings about Iraq , especially Baghdad , " he continues , choking back tears . "  So when I remember some of them I start to cry sometimes . I cry -- but what can we do ? It 's our destiny . " It 's a destiny now being played out thousands of miles from his home ,	Many Iraqi Christians have fled to France , reporting threats and persecution Massacre at a Baghdad church in October killed 56 people , injured more than 70 Iraqi Christians once numbered 1.2 million ; now down to 400,000 , bishop says Worshippers in France say they did n't want to leave Iraq but danger was too great
Reno , Nevada  CNN  -- "  Mass casualties " were reported at an air show after a plane slammed into the box seat area in front of a grandstand at the National Championship Air Races and Air Show in Reno on Friday , a spokesman for the show told CNN . At least two people died and 54 people were transported from the scene with injuries , according to officials . The pilot , identified as Jimmy Leeward , a real estate developer from Ocala , Florida , was likely killed in the crash , the show said in a statement . He was flying a P-51 Mustang . The event has been canceled and a memorial service will be held for the pilot Saturday afternoon , the show said . Leeward speaks the day before the crash A Reno hospital said Friday night on its website that it had received a "  total of 25 patients " after the plane crashed . It said two people , one male and one female , had died . It was not immediately clear whether that figure counted the pilot . The patients included twelve people in critical condition , meaning their vital signs are unstable "  and not within normal limits , " and 11 in fair condition , exhibiting stable vital signs , according to the 7:30 p.m. PT update on the Renown Regional Medical Center website . The hospital also noted that four patients being treated at Renown South Medical Center were in fair condition . Mike Houghton , president of the Reno Air Racing Association , told reporters that 54 people were transported from the scene with injuries . Video of the crash , posted on YouTube , showed a plane plummeting from the sky , sending up clouds of dust and debris . Shocked spectators rose to their feet . Fred Scholz , a witness , said he saw the plane seemingly "  coming straight down . " "  I thought he was coming right on top of us , " he said , noting that the aircraft ultimately hit about 100 feet from him , in an area of box seats , filled with folding chairs . "  Luckily there was no fire , which surprised me , " said Scholz , a 59-year-old from Truckee , California , who says he goes to air races ever year . "  It just happened so quickly . " Scholz : We were deer in headlights Another witness , Greg Mills , added that the pilot "  did n't have enough altitude to pull up , " with the aircraft shuddering before slamming to the ground about 50 to 75 yards from where he was standing . "  We got showered by little stuff , " said Mills , who works at the Pacific Aviation Museum based in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , describing a chaotic scene afterward . "  Everybody was running . " The plane , called the "  Galloping Ghost , " was taking part in a qualifying round in the "  unlimited class " division of the air race when it went down around 4:15 p.m. PT Friday , said Mike Draper , the show spokesman . The final rounds had been slated for the weekend . The aircraft was about a lap into the race when the pilot sent out a "  Mayday signal " and pulled "  out of the lap " before crashing into a box seat area that is in front of a grandstand at the "  very large race field , " located about 15 miles north of Reno , Draper said . "  It was clear that  the plane  was pulling up and was in distress , " he said . He added that authorities do not yet know why the aircraft went down . Besides the Federal Aviation Administration personnel already there to assist the National Transportation Safety Board in any investigation , the show 's spokesman said that National Guard members -- who were on-site practicing before the incident -- are helping emergency personnel to clear the area . "  There are people still being escorted out of that area with various injuries , " Draper said . Reno Mayor Bob Cashell told CNN that "  700 or 800 emergency personnel showed up in a matter of minutes . " "  You could n't believe how fast they came , " said Cashell , adding that citizens and some troops on site also helped with the injured . "  Just watching these people and the way they responded , and it 's been magnificent . " Local fire officials are reporting multiple fatalities and critical injuries , according to Ian Gregor , a spokesman with the FAA . He said the aircraft did not catch fire , but there was a wide debris field following the crash . Gary Arthur , another witness to the accident , said the plane wavered a few times , suggesting the pilot had tried to get control before going down . "  Just the sound of the impact was unbelievable , " he said . "  Almost ca n't believe you saw what actually happened . " In 2007 , a mid-air collision during the annual National Championship Air Races in Reno claimed the life of one of the two pilots involved . The collision was the latest in a string of accidents that plagued the races that week , killing three pilots . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Kelly Marshall Smoot , Greg Morrison and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : A Reno , Nevada , hospital says two people are dead NEW : A top official tells reporters 54 people were transported with injuries A memorial will be held for the pilot on Saturday Witness : "  I thought he was coming right on top of us "
CNN  -- It 's one of the more disturbing revelations to arise from an investigation into fatal delays in care at Veterans Affairs medical centers : Employee bonuses appear to be one factor behind the manipulation of patient wait times in at least one hospital . Two reports released this week -- one by the VA 's inspector general and another by the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs -- indicate in some cases wait times were manipulated to meet employee performance goals needed for bonuses . The news has raised questions about just how widespread the practice was and who received the financial incentives . Answers from the VA have been harder to come by . Here 's a look at what we know : What did the reports reveal ? At the Phoenix VA patient wait times were directly tied to VA employees ' bonuses and raises . By manipulating doctor 's appointments for the veterans , the wait time to see a doctor appeared to be shorter , a factor considered in VA employee bonuses and raises , according to a VA inspector general report said . The VA secretary 's audit of a number of medical centers that concluded "  some front-line , middle , and senior managers felt compelled to manipulate " the scheduling process to meet performance goals established by the agency . Who benefited ? By all indications , from the reports and congressional testimony , the practice involved high-level managers in at least the Phoenix VA medical network . Neither report identified managers by name or position . How much money ? There is no easy answer to this . Performance incentives are typically tied to a number of factors , and the VA has not detailed how much of a role patient wait times may have played . Who knew about it ? There is no hard and fast answer . The first public revelation that salary increases and bonuses may have been a factor came with the release of the agency 's inspector general report . The House Committee on Veterans Affairs also asked the question during a combative hearing this week , where Rep. Dan Benishek , R-Michigan , inquired whether there was a financial motivation to manipulate appointment schedules at the Phoenix VA. . "  That is a discussion the  VA inspector general  is having , " Dr. Thomas Lynch , the VA 's assistant deputy undersecretary for clinical operations , said . How widespread is the problem ? It appears the VA , itself , is still trying to answer that question , citing the ongoing inspector general 's investigation . A final report is due in August . The issue of patient wait times is not an overall performance factor ordered by the VA , Lynch recently told the House Committee on Veterans Affairs . The factors tied to bonuses and raises are decided by each VA network , Lynch said . But the VA also appeared to indicate in its audit that its mandate to improve wait times may have played a role . As a result of the audit , the VA suspended financial incentives -- bonuses and salary increases -- for all Veterans Health Administration executives for the 2014 fiscal year .	A preliminary VA inspector general report reveals bonuses may have been a factor A VA audit concludes managers felt compelled to manipulate the process The reason , according to the audit , was to meet performance goals The VA has not identified who got bonuses or how much money was involved
Washington  CNN  -- The prospect of Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell resigning as he copes with a federal investigation into the nearly $ 150,000 worth of lavish gifts the Republican and his family received from a wealthy executive is unlikely , people close to the governor insist . Yet the topic remains a tantalizing conversation piece around Richmond these days , mainly because it would be an act without modern precedent . While Virginia has had its fair share of tumultuous politics over the years , not since Reconstruction has the commonwealth been forced to grapple with a question of succession . No Virginia governor has resigned , or been impeached , in the last century . Virginia governor scandal : ` That 's not the guy we know ' But there 's another reason some Virginia political watchers are buzzing about the hypothetical : McDonnell 's resignation , however unlikely , would elevate his lieutenant governor , Republican Bill Bolling , to the state 's highest office . And Bolling has made it abundantly clear he has little tolerance for the Republican running to succeed McDonnell -- Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli . "  I have serious reservations about his ability to effectively and responsibly govern our state , " Bolling said of Cuccinelli in a recent interview with CNN . Candidates say McDonnell should consider resigning Here 's the backstory : Bolling has served as lieutenant governor since 2006 , and had long eyed this election year as his moment to make the leap to governor . Bolling had McDonnell 's endorsement , and campaign backing from other establishment leaders and members of Virginia 's influential business community . Then Cuccinelli stepped in . The ambitious Fairfax native , an uncompromising social conservative and tea party darling , also had designs on the governorship -- and he had no time for the succession plan orchestrated by Bolling , McDonnell and other GOP leaders . So last year , Cuccinelli 's allies in the Republican Party re-wired the GOP 's nominating process so that the 2013 gubernatorial nominee would be selected by convention instead of a primary . Since conventions tend to attract only a small slice of the electorate -- the most committed and vocal conservatives who revel in spending their spring weekends at political conventions -- that left Bolling , who views the tea party movement with a mixture of scorn and exotic bewilderment , with little option but to drop out of the race . McDonnell 's poll numbers fall as scandal unfolds An exasperated Bolling left the race , and Cuccinelli easily captured the GOP gubernatorial nomination in May with the support of roughly 8,000 delegates who showed up at the Richmond Coliseum to support him  and two other conservatives , attorney general candidate Mark Obenshain and a bombastic pastor named E.W. Jackson , the party 's nominee for lieutenant governor  . Clearly incensed at Cuccinelli for dashing his gubernatorial hopes , Bolling soon embarked on a media tour lamenting the rightward drift of the Republican Party . He used his remaining campaign funds to launch an initiative called "  The Virginia Mainstream Project " to recruit pragmatic Republican candidates and advance "  responsible conservative policy solutions . " Bolling 's message was clear : hard-liners like Cuccinelli are eating away at the Republican Party from the inside , and hindering legislative compromise in Richmond . Cuccinelli 's allies think Bolling is a sore loser , bordering on irrelevance . Bolling , freed from the pressures of campaign politics for the first time in nearly two decades , says he 's just speaking his mind . McDonnell points to ` irresponsible ' rumors "  Frankly , I do n't care what they think of me , " Bolling said last month over lunch at a Greek restaurant in the Richmond suburbs , several weeks before The Washington Post revealed some of the more explosive details of the unfolding McDonnell controversy . Picking at a salad , the lieutenant governor characterized himself as a conservative , explaining that his first taste of politics came as a teenager in the coalfields of West Virginia , when he toiled on the 1972 re-election campaign of Gov. Arch Moore , a Republican in what was then a heavily Democratic state . "  The definition of what a conservative is has changed so much that now all of a sudden I look like a moderate , " he said . "  The truth is that Bill Bolling is a conservative guy , always has been , always will be . But I am not an anti-government guy . I believe there is a role for government to play . " The conversation pivoted to Bolling 's central criticism of Cuccinelli -- that he is an ideologue uninterested in the sort of compromises needed to govern . "  This is not just the most conservative ticket , but it is the most ideologically driven ticket that we have seen in the history of our state , " Bolling said of the Cuccinelli-Jackson-Obenshain tea party troika . Bolling says he has "  tried to be measured " in his public comments about Cuccinelli . But that 's not really true . "  The difference between us is the kinds of issues we focus on , the leadership style and demeanor that we demonstrate , " Bolling said . "  Our willingness to compromise , to get things done . Mr. Cuccinelli will have to run his campaign , and to win this election , he is going to have to convince people that he has the ability to govern Virginia in a mainstream way . Whether he can do that or not remains to be seen . " All of this , mind you , is coming from the man who would become chief executive if McDonnell were to leave office prematurely . New allegations against McDonnell emerge To the delight of Democrats , it 's conceivable that the governor 's mansion could be occupied by a Republican who happens to be openly contemptuous of the Republican running to succeed him . Democrats might enjoy that scenario almost as much as the one they have now , with Cuccinelli having to answer questions about his own ties to Star Scientific CEO Jonnie Williams , the embattled executive who provided McDonnell and his family with undisclosed gifts like a Rolex watch , a $ 15,000 Bergdorf Goodman shopping spree and pricey catering for the wedding of the governor 's daughter . Cuccinelli also accepted gifts from Williams and owned stock in his company , though an investigation last week found he did not violate the state 's conflict of interest laws . "  This is a no-win situation for Cuccinelli , " said Democratic strategist Mo Elleithee , a veteran of Virginia campaigns . "  If Bob McDonnell somehow is able to remain in office , he 'll be a daily reminder of Cuccinelli 's own ethical challenges with Star Scientific . If Bolling assumes the governorship , not only will Cuccinelli still be under an ethical cloud , but the new governor will be a daily reminder of how even mainstream Republicans view him as too extreme . " Bolling 's comments over the last few months to a spate of news organizations seem tailor-made for negative television ads and mail pieces : "  Do n't believe us ? Here 's what Virginia 's own Republican governor had to say about Ken Cuccinelli ... " Bolling has even left the door open to voting for Cuccinelli 's Democratic opponent , Terry McAuliffe , who , he kindly pointed out , "  takes a more pragmatic approach to politics and to governing . " At the moment , it does n't seem the Bolling-as-governor scenario will come to pass . Bolling is close with McDonnell and certainly is n't angling for the job . Though he 's had designs on the governorship for years , taking over for McDonnell in the wake of scandal , with regular legislative business wrapped for the year , is n't much of a prize . Nor could Bolling suddenly decide to run for a full term -- the filing deadline to run in November passed in June . Barring another devastating disclosure about the investigation , the only real pressure point for McDonnell as he braces for a tough final six months in office would be a chorus of resignation calls from legislators in his own party . But so far , not a single prominent Republican has called for McDonnell to leave office . Meanwhile , McDonnell has hired a Washington-based crisis communications consultant and former U.S. attorney to fight back against federal investigators , and some of his supporters launched a legal defense fund last week . Those are n't the actions of a man preparing to step aside . But if he does , Cuccinelli and Virginia Republicans might only be trading in one headache for another .	Lieutenant governor says he has reservations about fellow Republican running for governor Bill Bolling feels Ken Cuccinelli jumped line to run for state 's top office Gov. Bob McDonnell has been embroiled in scandal over gifts to him and his family Cuccinelli is backed by the tea party ; Bolling had support from establishment
CNN  -- Numerous U.S. rescue and assistance teams arrived Sunday in Japan and are helping lead a broad international effort to bring relief to areas ravaged by Friday 's earthquake and tsunami . The United States , the United Kingdom , China , and South Korea are among 69 governments that have offered to help , Kyodo News Agency reported , citing the Japanese foreign ministry . Aid groups such as the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies have sent teams to some of the worst-hit areas , including Sendai , Narita , Asahi and Tokyo . Mercy Corps International teamed with Peace Winds Japan to rush aid to affected regions . Stephen McDonald of Save the Children told CNN Sunday his group had multiple teams in the country , reaching out to families left homeless . There are water shortages at evacuation centers , creating hygiene challenges , he said . Children are distressed and shaken by the many aftershocks , and unable to rest at the cramped evacuation sites . "  In many cases , they 've lost their homes . Some have lost family members , " he said . Doctors Without Borders said it sent a 10-member team to the area and is assisting "  in the massive government-led relief effort . " The group will split in two on Monday and expand its reach . "  On Sunday , we conducted mobile clinics and assessments in two evacuation centers , " said Mikiko Dotsu , coordinator of the team , in a statement Sunday . "  It appears that medical needs are increasing in evacuation centers . " The group said it is "  closely monitoring the situation around the Fukushima nuclear power plants . " But it warned , "  In the event of a serious nuclear incident , it is only the Japanese government that will be in a position to react . " The U.S. response effort includes supplies , several warships , search-and-rescue teams , radiation-contamination specialists and two officials from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission with expertise in nuclear reactors . On Sunday , the USS Ronald Reagan started delivering aid in the coastal regions of Japan 's Miyagi prefecture . Crew members , in conjunction with the Japan Maritime Self Defense Forces , conducted 20 sorties delivering aid pallets using eight U.S. and Japanese helicopters , according to Sgt. Maj. Stephen Valley of U.S. Forces Japan . The team hopes to deliver 30,000 portions of emergency food rations in this initial operation , Kyodo reported . U.S. Ambassador to Japan John Roos said Sunday that numerous helicopters were ready to take part in missions to reach different parts of the country . A U.S. Agency for International Development  USAID  Disaster Assistance and Response Team was in Japan and working to coordinate the overall response effort with the U.S. Embassy , Roos said on Twitter . Urban search-and-rescue teams , including about 150 personnel and 12 canines trained to detect live victims , arrived in Japan as well on Sunday , Roos said . The teams are from Los Angeles and Fairfax County , Virginia . "  There are a lot hazards that have never been experienced by a search-and-rescue team , " Los Angeles Fire Department Inspector Don Kunitomi said , including "  the radiation factor . " He added , "  We 're all a little anxious about this . " "  It looks like it 'll be part Katrina because of the flooding and part New Zealand because of the earthquake , " Kunitomi said , referring to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and last year 's earthquake in New Zealand . He also noted lessons the search-and-rescue team had learned in Haiti . The Chinese government sent a 15-member team to assist in the search for disaster survivors on Sunday , the Xinhua news agency reported . The team brought with them four tons of equipment and material for the search as well to provide power and telecommunications to areas that have temporarily lost those services because of the quake . A British search-and-rescue team comprising 63 fire service search-and-rescue specialists , two dogs and a medical support team are in Japan , the UK foreign office said Sunday . Specialist consular teams are in the country as well . The teams were taking up to 11 metric tons of rescue equipment , including heavy lifting and cutting equipment to extract people trapped in debris , the government said . South Korea said it was sending two rescue dogs , two handlers and three assistants to carry out what are expected to be dramatic searches of people inside collapsed structures . "  U.S. experts have been in close consultation with Japanese experts regarding the evolving situation at the Fukushima nuclear power plant , " Roos added . The International Atomic Energy Agency 's Incident and Emergency Centre has offered technical assistance to Japan in the wake of an explosion at the Fukushima Daiichi plant . The government has evacuated more than 200,000 residents from homes close to the plant and tested 160 people for radiation exposure , authorities said Sunday . CNN 's Brian Walker , Michael Martinez and Sarita Harilela contributed to this report .	NEW : There are hazards "  never experienced " by a search-and-rescue team , an official says Numerous U.S. teams arrived in Japan Sunday Save the Children describes cramped evacuation sites Kyodo : 69 governments offer assistance , according to Japan 's foreign ministry
CNN  -- The Islamist terror group Boko Haram kidnapped at least 97 men and boys and killed 28 people this week in a raid on villages in Borno State in northeast Nigeria , a local leader and residents said Friday . Boko Haram gunmen also injured 25 others during the raid in which scores of homes were burned , the sources said . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge The gunmen raided the farming and fishing village of Doron Baga and surrounding villages on the shores of Lake Chad , about 110 miles north of the state capital , Maiduguri . The raid and kidnappings occurred on Monday , but the news did not emerge sooner due to lack of communication and because cell phone towers were destroyed in previous Boko Haram attacks . Boko Haram has been active as a violent group since 2009 and has killed Nigerians , both Christian and Muslim , at rates frequently exceeding 100 people weekly . The terror group abducted an estimated 276 girls in April from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The militant group is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , the most populous country in Africa . In late July , suspected Boko Haram gunmen abducted the wife of Cameroon 's deputy prime minister in a dawn attack on his home village of Kolofata , north of the area where they also kidnapped a local chief and his family , residents and security sources said . Who is Boko Haram 's leader ?	NEW : Boko Haram abducted more than 200 girls from a boarding school in April The terror group is said to have raided villages in northeast Nirgeria Scores of homes were burned in the raid , according to sources
CNN  -- It has to be difficult to outfit a fishing expedition when you 're in jail . A pair of incarcerated anglers in Florida had to find a line they could cast six stories down , plus an accomplice outside to put marijuana and tobacco on their hook . It may have been the alleged accomplice 's fault that they had to try to reel in the goodies in a flimsy plastic grocery bag . But all three of them got into trouble when the bag and the contraband were discovered hanging outside the fourth floor of the Pinellas County jail . The sheriff 's office said it charged three men this week with introducing contraband into the jail . The plan , a sheriff 's statement said , was for inmates Mark Matthew Keating , 45 , and Phillip William Henderson , 38 , to drop a nylon rope from the jail 's sixth-floor recreation yard . Outside the jail , the alleged accomplice attached 29 grams of marijuana worth $ 1,500 , tobacco products and lighters , the sheriff 's office said . Authorities arrested Eric Scott Snook , 41 , on charges that he was the accomplice . After the bag was discovered Monday night , authorities erected a six-foot fence in the area on the ground where the bag was attached . Pals of suburban mom help her make bail in pot case Feds : California teen alleges captivity , abuse on marijuana ` farm ' Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Authorities : Inmates in Pinellas County , Florida , jail dropped line six floors to accomplice outside Bag containing pot , tobacco products found hanging outside fourth floor of jail Three men , including alleged outside accomplice , charged with bringing contraband into jail New fence will discourage future fishing expeditions
CNN  -- If you were to ask a group of Quakers or Mennonites whether it 's OK for police or soldiers to use rubber bullets against rock-throwing children , you would n't be surprised if they said , "  Absolutely not ! " They are well-known for their commitment to pacifism . But what if you were to put the question this way : "  When soldiers are firing against demonstrators , would it be better if they used rubber bullets rather than metal ? " "  Obviously it is , " they would probably say , "  But they should n't be firing at all in the first place ! " The Roman Catholic Church is well-known for having its own issues with rubber . The answer it traditionally gives to the use of condoms -- an answer that mystifies and outrages so many people , particularly in this age of HIV/AIDS -- is "  absolutely not ! " So it caused quite a stir in a book-length interview published last week in which Pope Benedict XVI seemed to give a different answer . He stood by his position that condom distribution was not the answer to the AIDS epidemic , which could only really be dealt with by fidelity in marriage and chastity outside of it . However , he surprised many people by acknowledging that were a prostitute to use a condom to prevent infection , that should be seen as a step toward greater moral responsibility . But this different answer is not a sudden change of mind on the part of the Catholic hierarchy . It is the answer to a different question . The pope was not asking himself whether it 's OK to use condoms . He was addressing the following question : "  If someone has already decided to have sex outside a married relationship  perhaps even outside a heterosexual relationship  , is it better to do it with or without a condom ? " It 's obviously better to do it with a condom because , as the pope pointed out , the person is obliged in that situation not to risk infecting a partner or being infected . If the intercourse is heterosexual , the person is further obliged not to risk conceiving a child that will not be brought up in a stable family and might not see the light of day at all . Though the Roman Catholic Church has always been clear in its position on the immorality of intercourse outside of marriage , Pope Benedict has done us all a favor by observing publicly that the use of a condom in such circumstances can be understood as a sign of a burgeoning moral awareness . It is this issue of responsibility that has always been the sticking point . People have presumed that in its condemnation of condom use , the Catholic Church is somehow encouraging irresponsible , unprotected sex . But in fact it 's been discouraging everything except faithful monogamous sex . Its teaching about artificial contraception has only ever been about marriage ; it has never had anything to do with any other kind of sexual activity . Intercourse between husband and wife should always be open to conceiving new life ; therefore , contraception was considered wrong because it was seriously unnatural . The problem is that all condom use came to be thought of as absolutely wrong , not just wrong in marriage . If using condoms were absolutely wrong , then it must be wrong for gay men to use them , too . If it were absolutely wrong , then it must be wrong for fornicating teens to use condoms , too . A disastrous misunderstanding ! However , church authorities have usually avoided the more complex explanations -- no "  maybe , " no "  in certain conditions . " That 's because they believe that the public just wants a simple "  yes " or "  no " -- and preferably a "  yes . " They fear that anything other than an absolute "  no " will be interpreted as an absolute "  yes . " And , it should be added , they have unjustly censured highly qualified moral theologians who have dared to say "  maybe . " That a pope has now introduced a "  maybe " has evoked a flustered reaction . Official clarifications are given that then need further explanation . Churchmen argue over whether what he said is anything new , whether it represents a major policy change or whether it is just really the same old line . In many respects , it is an old line . But the old line was never the simple "  no " it has so long been thought to be . The Catholic moral tradition has always been much more sophisticated than that . The pope 's statement only seems new . Since the 1968 encyclical letter Humanae Vitae , which reaffirmed the teaching that artificial means of contraception was not acceptable in a marriage , Rome has been trying to hold the line by refusing to deal with "  what if ... " and "  perhaps . " In the Catholic tradition , it has always been assumed that those inevitable questions would be dealt with in private conversation between priests and people . Yet for many , that big public "  no " made them hesitate to engage in such conversations , and the Catholic Church has not shown itself adept at handling the public debate about condoms and HIV . When the pope commented during his African journey last year that condoms were not the solution to AIDS in Africa , he was seen to be just giving the same old knee-jerk Catholic moral response , so out of touch with reality . Yet his comment was based on other observations of a social and scientific nature , and it is to this that he returned briefly in the interview which has caused such a stir . He acknowledges something that has been obvious all along in the Catholic tradition : It is rare to find a moral question that is a simple issue of "  yes " or "  no , " so we need to learn moral reasoning and responsibility , not just blind obedience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Madigan .	Dan Madigan says Catholic church has long had an answer on condom use : "  Absolutely not " He says pope surprised by saying prostitutes ' condom use more morally responsible Church teaches : No sex outside marriage , no condoms ; new comments aim at unmarried sex Madigan : Pope 's comments reflect a more sophisticated strain of Catholic moral tradition
CNN  -- Red Bull have been untouchable for the last two Formula One seasons , but their double world champion driver Sebastian Vettel has warned the team 's 2012 car will be slower than last year 's model . Vettel , F1 's youngest two-time champion having won the drivers ' crown in 2010 and 2011 , also expects this season 's title race to be much tighter , after he took the checkered flag in 11 of 19 grands prix last year . "  Last season the way we incorporated the exhaust was very cleverly devised , " the 24-year-old told the sport 's official website . "  It made the car faster by generating more grip , but it 's a thing of the past in 2012 and for now we have to live with it . "  I would say that goes for all the other teams as well . We are looking into ways of getting that grip level back and I am sure we will succeed , although it will take time . Red Bull out to dominate again "  Of course we hope to do it again this season . My guess is that the performance of the cars will be even closer this year , especially the gap between the front-running teams and the midfield . We will probably even see a few surprises . " If the German could take the championship in 2012 , he would join Argentina 's Juan Manuel Fangio and compatriot and seven-time title winner Michael Schumacher as the only men to have won the sport 's biggest prize three years in a row . "  I was n't aware that only two drivers have done it , " he said . "  But as the saying goes , three 's a charm , so let 's try to do it again this year ! " Vettel will be in distinguished company on the grid when the season begins in Australia next month , with six former world champions competing in the same season for the first time . Alongside him will be Schumacher at Mercedes , McLaren 's title-winning British duo of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button , Ferrari 's two-time winner Fernando Alonso and the returning 2007 champion Kimi Raikkonen at Lotus . "  As it has never happened before , it is something very special , " he said . "  And to be one of those six feels even better . But then again , this is something that points to the past and has nothing to do with the next 20 races , as it does n't make you any faster . "  It is a new game when we start on the Melbourne grid . Past glory is great to have , but you have to make sure that it reaches into the here and now . " The forthcoming season is scheduled to be the longest in the elite division of motorsport 's 52-year history , with 20 races on the calendar . Vettel was not overly concerned by the addition of an extra race , with the U.S. Grand Prix returning in Austin in November , but he felt no further additions should be made to the schedule in the future . "  Twenty races is indeed a huge workload but to be honest whether it 's 19 or 20 races does n't make any real difference . There are few sports with such a long season , so I would suggest that we all just roll up our sleeves . "  I think it will be important to pace yourself cleverly and you will probably have to use the phrase ` thanks , but no thanks ' more often . You ca n't have your finger in every pie , however alluring it may look . "	Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel says the team will not be as quick as last year The German has won the world championship in each of the last two seasons Vettel has set his sights on a record-equaling third drivers ' title in a row The 24-year-old says the sport should not expand beyond a 20-race calendar
Detroit , Michigan  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , speaking at auto plants here Friday , praised the recovery of the embattled U.S. auto industry and celebrated the tough choices he says made a comeback possible . "  Last year , many thought this industry would keep losing jobs , as it had for the better part of the past decade . Today , U.S. automakers have added more than 55,000 jobs since last June , " said Obama , speaking at a Chrysler plant . He said both Chrysler Group LLC and General Motors Corp. have rebounded from the depths of their government-brokered bankruptcies and are back on track to grow . Later in the day , Obama toured and spoke at a GM plant , where he also made the case for why the federal government 's investment in the auto industry was a wise move . At times sounding like a candidate on the campaign trial , he is working to build support for his economic policies with just a few months to go until midterm elections in November . In the 12 months before he took office , Obama said , the U.S. auto industry had lost hundreds of thousands of jobs and had seen its sales drop 40 percent . He cited estimates suggesting more than 1 million people would have lost their jobs if Chrysler and GM , two of the three big U.S. automakers , had been allowed to liquidate . Ford Motor Co. was the only one of the "  Big 3 " automakers that did not take a government bailout . At the GM plant , Obama also stressed the need to develop and manufacture green technologies that would cut the country 's dependence on oil . He test drove the Chevrolet Volt , GM 's electric car , which is expected to roll out later this year . "  Today , this industry is growing strong . It 's creating new jobs . It 's manufacturing the fuel-efficient cars and trucks that will carry us toward an energy independent future , " Obama said .	NEW : President touts development of green technologies Says 55,000 new jobs have been added by the U.S. auto industry Obama defends government support for the companies as a good investment
Washington  CNN  -- One of two photojournalists killed in a 2007 attack by a U.S. helicopter gunship in Iraq was being rescued when the gunship 's crew fired on the van to which he was being carried , according to footage posted online Monday . Reuters photographer Saeed Cmagh survived an initial strafing by the Apache gunship 's 30 mm machine gun , but he apparently died when the gunship opened fire on people attempting to get him off the sidewalk where he lay , according to the video . The aerial footage was posted by the Web site WikiLeaks , which said the video remains classified and "  clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . " WikiLeaks is a site that publishes anonymously submitted documents , video and other sensitive materials . Pentagon documents on the investigation  pdf The gunship 's crew requested and received permission to open fire on the van , which the crew believed was trying to evacuate wounded insurgents , the U.S. military later concluded . Chmagh 's Reuters colleague , Namir Noor-Eldeen , also died in the July 2007 air strike in the New Baghdad district of the Iraqi capital . Noor-Eldeen appears to have been killed in the first round of strafing from the gunship . The U.S. investigation into the attack found that the helicopter gunship 's crew mistook the journalists ' cameras for weapons while seeking out insurgents who had been firing at American troops in the area . The fliers estimated they killed 12 to 15 Iraqis in the attack . "  This tragic incident was investigated at that time by the brigade involved and the investigation found that the forces involved were not aware of the presence of the two reporters , and that all evidence available supported the conclusion by those forces that they were engaging armed insurgents , and not civilians , " Maj. Shawn Turner , a U.S. military spokesman , told CNN in a written statement Monday . The Army 's 2007 report on the incident found the crew had "  neither reason nor probability to assume that neutral media personnel were embedded with enemy forces , " according to a copy of the document released to CNN . "  We regret the loss of innocent life , but this incident was promptly investigated , and there was never any attempt to cover up any aspects of this engagement , " Turner added . A total of 139 journalists , nearly 120 of them Iraqis , have been killed during the 7-year-old war , according to the Committee To Protect Journalists . Reuters said the deaths of Chmagh and Noor-Eldeen "  were tragic and emblematic of the extreme dangers that exist in covering war zones . " "  This footage is deeply disturbing and reminds us of what journalists in war zones undergo to bring us the news , " Joel Simon , the group 's executive director , said in a written statement . "  The video also confirms our long-held view that a thorough and transparent investigation into this incident is urgently needed . " And Reuters said the deaths of Chmagh and Noor-Eldeen "  were tragic and emblematic of the extreme dangers that exist in covering war zones . " "  We continue to work for journalist safety and call on all involved parties to recognise the important work that journalists do and the extreme danger that photographers and video journalists face in particular , " David Schlesinger , the wire service 's editor-in-chief , said in a statement released to CNN . "  The video released today via WikiLeaks is graphic evidence of the dangers involved in war journalism and the tragedies that can result . " CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Footage of U.S. helicopter attack on two Reuters photojournalists put on WikiLeaks Video shows Saeed Cmagh surviving initial strafing but dying during rescue effort U.S. military spokesman : Copter crew had no knowledge , evidence of journalists there Namir Noor-Eldeen also died in July 2007 air strike in Baghdad
CNN  -- Former U.S. Defense Secretary Robert McNamara , a key architect of the U.S. war in Vietnam under presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson , has died at age 93 , according to his family . Robert McNamara took a lead role in managing the U.S. military commitment in Vietnam . McNamara was a member of Kennedy 's inner circle during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 , when the United States and the Soviet Union stood on the brink of nuclear war . But he became a public lightning rod for his management of the war in Vietnam , overseeing the U.S. military commitment there as it grew from fewer than 1,000 advisers to more than half a million troops . Though the increasingly unpopular conflict was sometimes dubbed "  McNamara 's War , " he later said both administrations were "  terribly wrong " to have pursued military action beyond 1963 . "  External military force can not reconstruct a failed state , and Vietnam , during much of that period , was a failed state politically , " he told CNN in a 1996 interview for the "  Cold War " documentary series . "  We did n't recognize it as such . " A native of San Francisco , McNamara studied economics at the University of California and earned a master 's degree in business from Harvard . He was a staff officer in the Army Air Corps during World War II , when he studied the results of American bombing raids on Germany and Japan in search of ways to improve their accuracy and efficiency . After the war , he joined the Ford Motor Company and became its president in November 1960 -- the first person to lead the company from outside its founding family . A month later , the newly elected Kennedy asked him to become secretary of defense , making him one of the "  whiz kids " who joined the young president 's administration . In October 1962 , after the discovery of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba , McNamara was one of Kennedy 's top advisers in the standoff that followed . The United States imposed a naval "  quarantine " on Cuba , a Soviet ally , and prepared for possible airstrikes or an invasion . The Soviets withdrew the missiles in exchange for a U.S. guarantee not to invade Cuba , a step that allowed Soviet premier Nikita Kruschev to present the pullback as a success to his own people . In the 2003 documentary "  The Fog of War , " McNamara told filmmaker Errol Morris that the experience taught American policymakers to "  put ourselves inside their skin and look at us through their eyes . " But he added , "  In the end , we lucked out . It was luck that prevented nuclear war . " McNamara is credited with using the management techniques he mastered as a corporate executive to streamline the Pentagon , computerizing and smoothing out much of the U.S. military 's vast purchasing and personnel system . And in Vietnam , he attempted to use those techniques to measure the progress of the war . Metrics such as use of "  body counts " and scientific solutions such as using the herbicide Agent Orange to defoliate jungles in which communist guerrillas hid became trademarks of the conflict . McNamara made several trips to South Vietnam to study the situation firsthand . He , Johnson and other U.S. officials portrayed the war as a necessary battle in the Cold War , a proxy struggle to prevent communism from taking control of all of Southeast Asia . But while they saw the conflict as another front in the standoff between the United States and the Soviet Union , which backed communist North Vietnam , McNamara acknowledged later that they underestimated Vietnamese nationalism and opposition to the U.S.-backed government in Saigon . "  The conflict within South Vietnam itself had all of the characteristics of a civil war , and we did n't look upon it as largely a civil war , and we were n't measuring our progress as one would have in what was largely a civil war , " he told CNN . Casualties mounted , as did domestic opposition to the war . In 1965 , a Quaker anti-war protester , Norman Morrison , set himself on fire outside McNamara 's office window . In 1967 , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched on the Pentagon , which was ringed with troops . By November 1967 , McNamara told Johnson that there was "  no reasonable way " to end the war quickly , and that the United States needed to reduce its forces in Vietnam and turn the fighting over to the American-backed government in Saigon . By the end of that month , Johnson announced he was replacing McNamara at the Pentagon and moving him to the World Bank . But by March 1968 , Johnson had reached virtually the same conclusion as McNamara . He issued a call for peace talks and announced he would not seek re-election . After leaving the Pentagon in early 1968 , McNamara spent 12 years leading the World Bank . He said little publicly about Vietnam until the publication of a 1995 memoir , "  In Retrospect . " "  You do n't know what I know about how inflammatory my words can appear , " he told Morris . "  A lot of people misunderstand the war , misunderstand me . A lot of people think I 'm a son of a bitch . "	Robert McNamara was key architect of war in Vietnam under two presidents McNamara became lightning rod for his management of that war He was member of President Kennedy 's inner circle during Cuban Missile Crisis
CNN  -- Groups of graduate students who hang out at The Partisan , an indie band bar near the University of California-Merced campus , like their liquor and their politics straight up . Many of them felt they only got one of those things after watching the debate between President Barack Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney on Wednesday night . "  I do n't know what universe Romney is living in , " said Beth Hernandez-Jason , a doctoral student in American Latino literature . "  I was kicked off my parents ' health insurance by age 25 as was my little sister and she was reinstated because of the changes in the health care system . " And Hernandez-Jason , like several people in the bar , felt Obama 's performance fell flat . CNN Poll : Romney wins debate by big margin "  I am disappointed in Obama . I felt like he was holding back . He 's too nice , " she said . "  I understand that he has to come across nice but come on . After you hear Bill Clinton talk at the convention , he was willing to say it straight and not pull punches and it 's unfortunate that  Obama  does n't feel comfortable doing that . " Obama and Romney sparred over differences on the economy . In their points and counterpoints , both men drew regularly on examples of people who they met on the campaign trail who 've been hit hard by the economic downturn . Some of those people were from towns like Merced , a community at the crossroads of the nation 's foreclosure and unemployment crises . Connecting with the viewer : ` Romney was able to out Obama ' The city has the nation 's second highest foreclosure rate and an unemployment rate that at 17.5 % is twice the national average . It is also a city that is nearly 50 % Latino , a voting block both candidates are trying to woo . "  We 're on just about every list it seems like , " said Mike Murphy , a Republican and Merced city councilman who helped lead a community discussion on the University of California-Merced campus after the debate . "  People 's priorities here  are  jobs , jobs , jobs . " For generations , many people in Merced have depended on the land , growing things like almonds , strawberries and grapes . But times are hard and farm work is harder to come by these days as growers are forced to tighten their belts in a down economy . In an area that some residents call California 's "  fruit basket , " the housing crisis has further compounded the area 's woes . Obama , Romney clash over economy , health care At that debate watching party , people gathered at the university library 's "  Bobcat Lair " were glued to the television as the two candidates faced off . When the debate ended , the room full of students wanted to talk about education funding and student loans -- a topic the candidates spent little time discussing -- and jobs , Murphy said . People in Merced want "  to see what either administration is going to do with unemployment and foreclosures , " said Josh Pedrozo , a Democrat and Merced city councilman who also helped lead the post debate discussion . Speculators flooded the area at the height of the housing market in a frenzy to build and sell homes . Just a few short years later , many of those homes were often left half finished when builders ran out of money or empty when their owners faced foreclosure after losing jobs and being unable to make mortgage payments . "  Merced is ground zero for all of those concerns , " said Dorie Perez , a Merced native who is pursuing her doctorate in political science at the local University of California campus . "  I want a plan and articulation of policies that I have n't seen . I want the bread and butter . " What we learned from the first debate Perez has watched her community struggle to recover from the recession . She moved back to her hometown in the San Francisco Bay area after working for the state of California and the city of Oakland . She returned to a city vastly changed . "  The Central Valley is struggling as a whole . Merced and Merced County is not the most affluent place , " Perez said . "  People need governmental services and the threat to those programs is scary for this area . ... We need government help for the average person . It 's pretty tough here . " In a place struggling to recover , the new college campus is seen as a symbol that things are turning around . The school , which opened in 2005 , is one of the nation 's first research universities built in the 21st century . Analysis : Romney seizes the story On Wednesday night , Perez , too , felt the president gave a lackluster debate performance . "  It was surprisingly dry . I was unimpressed to be honest . I know the expectations were n't that high for the president but I wanted him to be more aggressive , " Perez said adding that classmates talked about the topic at The Partisan . Most evenings , Perez spends her time poring over her studies in the hopes of one day getting a doctorate and a highly coveted tenure track teaching position . In the process she 's taken out thousands of dollars worth of student loans , so she listened with keen interest to the any mentions by the candidates ' of addressing student loan rates and soaring tuition costs . "  I 'm under 30 . I 'm trying to start a career and a life , " she said . "  Academic departments are shrinking their budget and the idea that I 'm going to put next five years of my life into it is terrifying . " Candidates hit campaign trail after debating	Merced , California , has one of the nation 's highest foreclosure and unemployment rates Debate watchers in that city wanted the candidates to lay out plans for the economy Many felt Romney 's polices were off track and Obama 's performance fell flat
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she had a frank discussion with the Pakistani president on Friday as part of a push to repair the relationship with Islamabad in the wake of a U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden . Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , accompanied Clinton for what one senior State Department official said beforehand would be a "  sober " set of talks about the need for Pakistan to root out terrorists in its country . The meeting between Clinton and President Asif Ali Zardari was behind closed doors , but afterward Clinton described it as "  very extensive , open , frank and constructive . " Describing the countries as friends with shared interests , Clinton said the United States and Pakistan must intensify the fight against terrorists who have used Pakistan as a safe haven . She also commented on a question raised after bin Laden was killed by U.S. commandos . "  I want to underscore a point that I made in public in the last weeks and made again privately today to the president , the prime minister and others , " the secretary said in a joint statement with Mullen . "  There is absolutely no evidence that anyone at the highest levels of the Pakistani government knew that  bin Laden  was living just miles from where we are today . " The revelation that bin Laden was living in plain sight for years amongst Pakistani military installations , and Pakistan 's humiliation at the U.S. decision to undertake the raid without telling them , has thrown the relationship into one of its worst points in history . "  Now is not the time for retreat or for recrimination , " Mullen told reporters . "  Now is the time for action and closer coordination ; for more cooperation , not less ; for the friendship to get stronger , not weaker . " Clinton said Pakistan has a responsibility to prevent insurgents from waging war in Afghanistan from its territory . She also extended an olive branch , saying the United States will stand by the Pakistani people "  for the long haul . " Both Clinton and Mullen noted that Pakistani blood has been shed in terror attacks . Clinton asked Mullen to come with her so they could have one meeting where they are delivering the same message at the same time and gauging Pakistani 's reaction together , a senior administration official said . After the meetings , Zardari 's office issued a statement saying , the two sides agreed to "  work together in any future actions against high value targets in Pakistan " and to cooperate in promoting peace in Afghanistan . A senior Obama administration official told reporters after the meeting that it provided an opportunity for the leaders to smooth the relationship . "  I think we walked back from the brink from a week or two , I think this continued the process and I do n't think she would have come if they had n't already taken some of those initial steps . I think this is simply defining and putting that on firmer and firmer grounding , " the official said . That official and a second senior administration official hinted that joint U.S.-Pakistani operations may be conducted soon . Acording to a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation Poll , about 80 % of Americans have an unfavorable opinion of Pakistan and about 25 % consider the country to be an enemy of the United States . Last summer , 78 % of Americans surveyed had an unfavorable view of the country . The poll surveyed 1,007 Americans by telephone May 24 through May 26 and had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . Clinton had been expected to visit Pakistan earlier this month for more fulsome talks , as part of a "  strategic dialogue " that covers more than a dozen areas of cooperation between Washington and Islamabad . But she postponed her visit after the raid on bin Laden 's compound by U.S. Navy SEALs . "  The fact of the matter is that the international community has been able to kill more terrorists on Pakistani soil than any place else in the world . We could not have done that without Pakistani cooperation , " Clinton told reporters in Paris earlier this week . "  I believe strongly it is in our national security interests to have a comprehensive , long-term partnership with the government and people of Pakistan . " Last week , Marc Grossman , special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan , traveled to Islamabad , where he delivered the set of demands , emphasizing the United States needed actions , not words from Pakistan , according to a senior official briefed on the talks . The official was not authorized to speak on the record . During several meetings with Zardari , and others , Grossman said the United States was looking for more cooperation from Pakistan in fighting extremism . The meetings were described by a senior official briefed on the talks as "  tough , but fruitful . " The talks followed a visit a few days earlier by Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , who delivered a similarly tough message During the meetings with Grossman , the senior U.S. official said , a Pakistani official voiced strong concern about the continuation of U.S. drone strikes against targets inside Pakistan , but he and other members of the Pakistani leadership expressed a willingness to press al Qaeda , conduct joint operations and support reconciliation . Officials point to enough progress since Grossman 's visit , including the fact Pakistan returned the tail of a helicopter that was left behind after the raid , for Clinton to make the trip to Pakistan . But they say the relationship between the two countries needs serious repair before cooperation on areas important to Pakistan can continue . Two weeks ago , the Pakistanis asked the United States to reduce the number of military trainers in Pakistan . A Pentagon spokesman said this week the U.S. has begun to comply and is removing some of the more than 200 personnel who are posted there .	NEW : Clinton , Mullen say U.S. , Pakistan must continue working together Clinton will lay out in a "  no-kidding " way what the U.S. expects , says one official The secretary will warn that U.S. aid is in jeopardy unless Pakistan makes progress Clinton said recently that a strong U.S.-Pakistan relationship "  is in our national interests "
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Georgia man was alone before his fatal fall from an upper level of Atlanta 's Turner Field , police said Tuesday , as they continue to investigate his death . Ronald L. Homer , 30 , was attending Monday night 's Braves game against the Phillies . The Braves said they planned to observe a moment of silence for Homer before Tuesday 's game . Four witnesses told officers that they saw Homer fall from the fourth level of the stadium during a rain delay in the game , the Atlanta Police Department said . "  All the witnesses stated that there was  sic  no other people around Mr. Homer when he fell , " police said , adding there were no surveillance cameras at the scene . Police said the fall appeared to be accidental but that it was too early to tell if alcohol was a factor . Homer , of nearby Conyers , fell 65 feet into the players ' parking lot . He was unconscious when emergency responders found him , but he died later at the hospital , police said . An autopsy on Homer is complete , but authorities are not releasing details , citing pending toxicology results , Tami Sedivy-Schroder , an investigator with the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's Office , said Tuesday . Results can take up to eight weeks , she said . Homer 's mother , Connie Homer , told CNN affiliate WXIA that he was a big Braves fan who was attending the game with a friend . "  I 'm just sick , " she said . "  We 're a very close family . He was big-hearted . " The game was scheduled to start at 7:10 p.m. but heavy rains pushed back the start time nearly two hours . His family said Homer went to the platform to smoke and may have lost his footing on the wet pavement , according to WXIA . Homer was 6 feet , 6 inches tall ; the guard rail where he fell is 42 inches high , the industry standard and state code , WXIA reported . In a statement released Tuesday , the Atlanta Braves extended condolences to Homer 's family . "  We are saddened by this tragic incident and will continue our investigation along with the Atlanta Police Department . We will have no further comment until the investigation is complete . " It 's the second such death at an Atlanta sporting venue in the last year . On August 31 , a Tennessee fan died after falling about 45 feet at the Georgia Dome during a college football game between North Carolina State and the University of Tennessee . In July 2011 , a Texas fan died after falling 20 feet at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington , Texas , while trying to catch a ball thrown to him by outfielder Josh Hamilton . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Jill Martin and Jamie Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Homer was alone when he fell , witnesses tell police A cause of death has not being released , pending toxicology results Homer , 30 , of Georgia , dies after falling at Turner Field , officials say He fell about 65 feet from an upper level of Atlanta Braves ' baseball stadium
When Al Jazeera becomes a major U.S. cable channel , as it plans , some Americans are likely to click past it , recalling the alleged anti-American tone by the pan-Arab network during the Iraq war a decade ago . "  My guess is that when people hear about Al Jazeera , they will not be paying attention to the news quality or correspondents , " said media analyst Stuart Fischoff , a retired professor at California State University at Los Angeles . "  They will just hear Qatar , and say it 's an Arab country and it 's full of terrorists and ... therefore bias in the news , " he said . The Qatari government owns Al Jazeera . Others , however , may find any past political slants overshadowed by a newscast striving toward U.S. standards . Viewers may be curious just to hear Al Jazeera America , which will have access to millions of U.S. homes now that the traditional Arabic-language network this week acquired Current TV , once owned by former U.S. Vice President Al Gore and others . "  I think it 's a very , very well-done news network , " said media expert and former White House correspondent Porter Bibb of Mediatech Capital Partners in New York , where he listens to a related network , Al Jazeera English , now available in a tiny fraction of U.S. markets . Al Jazeera English also is live-streamed at no cost online and provides insight into what the bigger , new Al Jazeera America will look like , he said . The emergence of Al Jazeera as a major U.S. cable network has resurrected debate about past accusations of anti-American bias during the Iraq invasion under President George W. Bush . The Bush administration excoriated the Arab peninsula 's network for broadcasting Osama bin Laden videos . Today , evidence of U.S. antipathy at the Arabic network has dissipated significantly , though not entirely , several analysts say . "  It has obviously been demonized by our politicians for almost a decade , " said Rory O'Connor , a former CBS News producer and a media expert . He noted how an Al Jazeera cameraman was detained for six years at the U.S. Navy prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . But Al Jazeera 's current English broadcast is "  excellent , " without the bias alleged by U.S. politicians , said O'Connor , author of the roryoconnor.org blog and a contributor to Al Jazeera 's website . He disputed conservatives ' portrayal of Al Jazeera as a "  terror network " and propaganda outlet . Other analysts , however , say Al Jazeera continues to telecast content that they deem to be anti-American . "  Surely they will be careful in the beginning . They will try to prove that they are a professional channel that 's objective , " said Yigal Carmon , president of the Middle East Media Research Institute , which has gathered several Al Jazeera video clips in recent years that the institute says show anti-American bias . Carmon is a former chief counterterrorism adviser to Israeli Prime Ministers Yitzhak Rabin and Yitzhak Shamir . "  It 's much less anti-American than in the past , and the English  broadcast  is a soft version " of the Arabic telecast , Carmon continued . "  But this is the government of Qatar . It 's to discuss the government of Qatar . It 's a policy arm of the ruler of Qatar . " Spokesmen for Al Jazeera could n't be reached by CNN for comment . In language that will surely be open for debate once Al Jazeera America enters U.S. homes , Carmon used strong words in describing the Qatari government . "  Qatar , after all , is a dictatorship , and in a dictatorship , they use media as an arm of foreign policy , be it Arab or Muslim foreign policy or an international one , " he said . The Qatari government 's decision to bring Al Jazeera into American homes is a provocative political maneuver -- as well as an emerging business strategy now being pursued by other government-sponsored networks , experts said . "  Can I note the unusual nature or essential weirdness of a former vice president of the United States selling his network to an Arab-based network that is owned by a foreign government ? " said media expert Howard Kurtz , host of the weekly CNN program "  Reliable Sources . " Al Jazeera has always been regarded as something of a vanity venture by the wealthy emir of Qatar , which is home to the world 's third largest gas reserve and is spending billions of dollars on its public image profile by sponsoring sports events at home and in Europe , experts said . "  Al Jazeera has been trying and failing for years to get on television here in the United States , " media writer Brian Stelter of New York Times told CNN . "  For the most part , Al Jazeera is buying this for the real estate because it 's beachfront real estate . " Bibb , of Mediatech Capital Partners , referred to how Al Jazeera reportedly paid $ 500 million to acquire Current TV , whose access to 60 million households is now expected to be largely transferred to Al Jazeera America . "  If you have bottomless pockets , it does n't make any difference what you pay or how you go forward , " Bibb said . "  I think the assumed price of $ 500 million is absurd for what they got . On the other hand , it makes no difference to the emir of Qatar because it 's chump change to him . " But one cable company has balked at carrying Al Jazeera America : Time Warner Cable stopped carrying Current TV upon the announcement of the Al Jazeera deal . A Time Warner Cable spokeswoman said that past bias allegations against Al Jazeera did n't factor into the firm 's decision . Analysts agreed , saying the company could be leveraging Al Jazeera America , seeking to get a per-subscriber payment for the cable firm in exchange for carrying the channel . "  This has nothing to do with politics . We treat Al Jazeera like any other network , " said a Time Warner Cable spokeswoman . "  We will look to gauge our customer interest in Al Jazeera America and assess whether it is a good value for our customers . " Commentary : Why Al Jazeera has set its sites on the U.S. Al Jazeera America is n't an isolated phenomenon . Another government-sponsored media outlet that has ventured into U.S. broadcasting is China 's CCTV America , launched last year . "  The Chinese have about a similar coverage of the U.S. media market as Al Jazeera does right now , " Bibb said . "  They are using a soft diplomacy and no one is saying it 's a propaganda outlet . Their approach is very thoughtful , but it 's all China and that 's what people are hungry for . " Bibb wondered why Al Jazeera America would plan to produce 60 % of its content in the United States , as it has said , when Al Jazeera has increasingly become renowned for its coverage of the Middle East , especially during the recent Arab Spring revolutions . Politics aside , Al Jazeera America will find American audiences to be tough customers . The Arab royal-family-owned network will be entering a tumultuous , fragmented marketplace for news programming where the top-ranked cable news shows garner ratings only in the hundreds of thousands at any one time , not millions , analysts said . Furthermore , access to 60 million homes does n't guarantee that many people will be watching the program , analysts said . International newscasts in particular can also be a hard sell , experts said . "  A lot will depend on how much appetite there is in the American market for international news . A lot of these organizations have cut back on that , " Kurtz said . Carriers "  are getting hate mail from some viewers who do n't want to see it on their cable lineup , " the New York TImes ' Stelter said about Al Jazeera . "  But money can change a lot of these problems and they have a lot of it . "	Media analysts say the past anti-American bias of Al Jazeera has largely subsided But one group collects Al Jazeera video clips that it says show bias The decision to bring Al Jazeera into American homes is a political maneuver , some say The new venture will find the cable news market competitive
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong 's fall from grace has left one of the cyclist 's former sponsors not only "  sad " -- but also without one of its biggest marketing tools . Premier sports eyewear firm Oakley was one of several companies -- including Nike , Trek and Anheuser-Busch -- to end lucrative deals with the American when he was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles after refusing to answer charges of systematic drug use . Oakley said the 41-year-old had been a "  symbol of possibility " when he signed up , having inspired millions when he returned to competition after recovering from testicular cancer and then won cycling 's blue riband event from 1999-2005 . He also raised hundreds of millions of dollars for charity through his Livestrong foundation before a report by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency this year left his legacy in tatters . British Armstrong effigy causes outrage "  The Lance story is a sad one , with our emotional connection with that athlete , " Oakley chief executive Colin Baden told CNN . "  We have been very consistent in how we view cheating and we 've always stuck with this over the 16 years I 've been with the brand , so that if the governing body rules that an athlete has broken the rules , we ca n't be a sponsor . "  I do n't think we 'll change any of our strategic views of who we want to promote the brand , but how that person behaves is critical to having a positive relationship . " Many people who once backed Armstrong , following years of allegations about his potentially being a drug user , have now expressed their anger at his apparent duplicity but Baden said there was no point in recriminations . "  For me personally , it 's an emotional response . I 've never found anger to lead to anything constructive in life -- it 's just a disappointment , " Baden said . "  I can be angry , but it wo n't change the situation , so I 'm just left with the grief of what was a great story . " Baden said there had been no question of Oakley dropping Armstrong until he was officially stripped of his titles . "  We 've had athletes fall in the category before and still followed the same rule . Once the recognized governing body rules against them , we follow that governing body 's recommendations , " he said . "  I feel like we 're not responding to emotion , we 're not responding to the story of the day -- we 're following the law . " Cycling 's governing body has told Armstrong to return a reported $ 5 million in prize money he won at the Tour , though it will not reallocate his victories . Texas company SCA Promotions is also seeking the return of $ 12 million it paid Armstrong , but Baden said Oakley would not be following suit . The company , which has been endorsed by the likes of basketball legend Michael Jordan , tennis star Andre Agassi and now golf 's rising star Rory McIlroy , will have to plug the gap left by the fall of one of its most marketable names . "  I like to think of us as a premier sports performance company and we do really extreme product development -- and sometimes the products we develop are unique and it requires somebody in what we call ` the front row ' to explain to the masses that this is the best , " Baden said . "  So any athlete that we 're targeting to have a relationship with has to be perceived as the best . There 's a reason he 's choosing our products -- it 's not because we pay him to do it , it 's because it pays to do it . "	Former Lance Armstrong sponsor Oakley says it is "  sad " but not angry about his demise Chief executive Colin Baden says he is "  left with the grief of what was a great story " He says Oakley will not follow other bodies by asking for its money back Baden : Armstrong was a key endorser due to his worldwide popularity
Same-sex marriage can move forward in Idaho after the Supreme Court on Friday refused the state 's request to delay implementation . It was unclear when gays and lesbians in Idaho could legally wed , but the decision will make Idaho the 27th state to allow same-sex marriage . The high court 's two-sentence order came after a federal appeals court on Tuesday found bans in Idaho and neighboring Nevada unconstitutional . There are an estimated 7,000 or more same-sex couples in Nevada , according to UCLA 's Williams Institute , a think tank conducting research on sexual orientation and gender identity law and public policy . Idaho officials had asked the high court to intervene on an emergency basis and block enforcement of the lower court mandate . Friday 's order clears the legal hurdles , and gives another victory to supporters of marriage equality . "  I disagree with the court 's conclusion , which negates the 2006 vote of the people of Idaho , is contrary to the values of most Idahoans , and undermines fundamental states ' rights , " said Gov. C.L. "  Butch " Otter . "  But we are a nation of laws . Idaho now should proceed with civility and in an orderly manner to comply with any forthcoming order from the 9th Circuit . " With Nevada , same-sex marriage legal in more than half the states A federal judge in North Carolina also ruled Friday that same-sex marriage can begin there . State officials earlier Friday had announced they would fight any such order . If eventually upheld , the North Carolina case would add further legal and political momentum to having same-sex marriage allowed in a majority of the United States . On Monday , the Supreme Court refused to intervene in legal challenges over voter-approved bans in five states : Virginia , Utah , Oklahoma , Indiana and Wisconsin . That meant three separate appeals court rulings striking down those bans as unconstitutional would go into effect quickly in those states , as well as six others covered by those courts ' jurisdiction . That would include West Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Kansas , Colorado and Wyoming . A judge Wednesday in Johnson County , Kansas -- the state 's largest county -- also ordered same-sex licenses to be issued . Kansas officials have since attempted to block the issuance of marriage licenses after the first and only couple successfully obtained a marriage license and wed in Johnson County on Friday , according to the American Civil Liberties Union of Kansas . The ACLU of Kansas filed a lawsuit on Friday against district court clerks in Douglas and Sedgwick counties for their refusal to issue marriage applications to two same-sex couples , the nonpartisan nonprofit organization said . "  The ACLU of Kansas understands that the freedom to marry is an important right . Marriage equality is the law in more than 25 states now , " said Susan Estes , board president of the ACLU of Kansas , "  and it 's time for marriage equality in Kansas . All loving and committed couples -- without restrictions of state lines or sexual orientation -- should have access to the protections that marriage provides . " Opinion : Supreme Court should act on gay marriage With the addition of Idaho , there are 26 other states that allow same-sex marriage , following the Supreme Court 's decision Monday not to review lower court rulings striking down voter-approved bans : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington state and Wisconsin , plus the District of Columbia . Eight more states could soon legalize it , after federal appeals courts issued binding mandates in recent months : Alaska , Arizona , Kansas , North Carolina , Montana , South Carolina , West Virginia and Wyoming .	ACLU of Kansas files lawsuit to allow marriage for same-sex couples Decision will make Idaho the 27th state to allow same-sex marriage Federal appeals court on Tuesday found bans in Idaho and Nevada unconstitutional Judge in North Carolina also rules Friday that same-sex marriage can begin there
CNN  An officer , responding to reports of a suspicious person , shot and killed an unarmed man who was running around in a metro Atlanta apartment complex naked . The officer fired two shots when the man charged at him , said Cedric Alexander , the public safety director of DeKalb County . But given that the man was not carrying a weapon , the police department immediately turned over the case to the Georgia Bureau of Investigations for an independent probe . "  What I have requested here -LSB- is -RSB- a result of what 's going on currently across this country as it relates to police shootings , " Alexander told reporters . The officer was white ; the deceased man was African-American , Alexander said . The incident took place Monday afternoon at an apartment complex in Chamblee , a suburb of Atlanta . Someone called 911 to report a man "  acting deranged , knocking on doors and crawling around naked , " Alexander said . When the officer arrived , the man charged at him , Alexander said . "  The officer called him to stop while stepping backward , drew his weapon and fired two shots , " he said . The man , struck twice in the upper body , died . Police later learned he was a resident at the complex . "  I can only reasonably assume that if he was running around the apartment complex naked , I believe we can make the assumption there may have been some mental health experience that he might have been having , " Alexander said . DeKalb County police officers undergo some degree of training on how to deal with the mentally ill . But this , and other incidents , highlight the need for more , the public safety director said . "  That 's becoming more and more apparent , " Alexander said . "  We have already , as many departments have begun to do , look at how to expand our mental health training when we find it certainly necessary to do so . Because it appears that we 're seeing more and more of these cases across the country in which police are engaging with those who appear to be in distress . " Police did not release the officer 's name , but said the seven-year veteran was placed on administrative leave . During the incident , the officer had access to his stun gun and pepper spray , Alexander said . Why he chose to draw his weapon will come out during the investigation . "  I think in all fairness we need to wait and see what the outcome of the investigation is because I ca n't tell you , beyond what I have told you so far , what kind of measures that officer may have taken , " he said . As fatal police shootings come under increased scrutiny in the current climate , police departments also appear to be more forthcoming in proactively releasing information for transparency 's sake . Such is the case in Madison , Wisconsin , where Madison Police Chief Mike Koval has been out front and outspoken about the shooting death of 19-year-old Tony Robinson at the hands of an officer . And it seems to be the case in this DeKalb County incident . "  If you look at the state in this country and the things we 're going through right now across this country with police-involved shooting , certainly it 's a concern to many Americans . And there has certainly been recommendations that have been made in regards to moving towards more independent type of investigations , " he said .	Police : Officer fired two shots when the man charged at him The case was immediately turned over to the GBI
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Surging inflation in China has the government worried enough that it 's adopting new measures , state media said Wednesday . Government actions might include food subsidies , price limits , reinforced punishment for speculating on food , and steps to prevent hoarding , China Daily said . Mayors also might be forced to account for insufficient vegetable supplies and volatile prices . Inflation in China is rising so quickly that it 's sending shoppers across the border , to Hong Kong . Mainland Chinese are returning with necessities such as meat and produce , as much as they can carry on a train ride . While in Hong Kong , which is a day trip from parts of mainland China , shoppers also can save by grabbing a meal at McDonald 's . The fast-food chain is raising menu prices in China by as much as 1 yuan -LSB- 15 cents US -RSB- per item because of rising food costs . McDonald 's is keeping prices in check in Hong Kong . The chain , with more than 1,000 outlets in China , is raising prices there for the first time this year , Xinhua said . In 36 Chinese cities , the average wholesale prices for 18 kinds of vegetables have surged by 62.4 percent from a year earlier , the Ministry of Commerce said . Chinese doing marketing in Hong Kong also are loading up on necessities such as toilet paper , diapers and shampoo . With their hands full , they shop busily at supermarkets , sundry stores and produce markets , especially near train stations . One woman described significant savings , such as oranges selling for about twice the price in China , as compared with Hong Kong . Last week , the state-run Xinhua news agency said that China 's consumer price index had hit a 25-month high of 4.4 percent in October . The government 's full-year inflation target is 3 percent . China 's Ministry of Commerce has sold 62,400 tons of pork and 210,000 tons of sugar from reserves since the end of September , in an attempt to stabilize food prices . The ministry also says it will work with other government agencies to try to cool inflation , according to China Daily . China is under pressure as capital flows into the economically vibrant country , the newspaper said , citing Central Bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan . The country drew about $ 7.7 billion in foreign direct investment in October , up 7.9 percent from a year earlier , China Daily said . Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , which generally governs itself . The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar , unlike China 's yuan , or renminbi .	Moves might include food subsidies and price limits Steps also might be taken against food speculation and hoarding Inflation is sending shoppers across the border , to Hong Kong Chinese are buying things such as meat , produce , toilet paper , diapers and shampoo
The Supreme Court sidestepped a sweeping decision on the use of race-conscious school admission policies , ruling Monday on the criteria at the University of Texas and whether it violates the equal protection rights of some white applicants . The justices threw the case back to the lower courts for further review . The court affirmed the use of race in the admissions process , but made it harder for institutions to use such policies to achieve diversity . The 7-1 decision avoids the larger constitutional issues . Read the decision  . PDF Abigail Noel Fisher individually sued the flagship state university after her college application was rejected in 2008 when she was a high school senior in Sugar Land , Texas . She claims it was because she is white and that she was being treated differently than some less-qualified minority students who were accepted . In a statement after the ruling Fisher said , "  I am grateful to the justices for moving the nation closer to the day when a student 's race is n't used at all in college admissions . " The decision comes as the justices work toward wrapping up a busy term . Among the big issues yet to be resolved : federal enforcement of the Voting Rights Act and the politically blockbuster constitutionality of same-sex marriage . The Supreme Court plans to meet again on Tuesday to issue additional opinions . In the Texas case , the school defended its policy of considering race as one of many factors , such as test scores , community service , leadership , and work experience , designed to create a diverse campus . University encouraged by decision The university said it was encouraged by the decision . "  We remain committed to assembling a student body at The University of Texas at Austin that provides the educational benefits of diversity on campus while respecting the rights of all students and acting within the constitutional framework established by the court , " said school President Bill Powers . The Obama administration agreed with the school , saying to grow a nation built on differing complexions and backgrounds will depend on future leaders "  who possess the understanding of diversity that is necessary to govern and defend the United States . " In ruling narrowly , the court reaffirmed earlier decisions allowing for a limited use of race-conscious public policies . "  The attainment of a diverse student body serves values beyond race alone , including enhanced classroom dialogue and the lessening of racial isolation and stereotypes , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy in the majority opinion . Ex-student challenges university 's affirmative action policy But Kennedy said that such admissions programs must withstand close review . Kennedy said the "  university must prove that the means chosen " to attain diversity "  are narrowly tailored to that goal , " adding that the highest level of legal standard must be met before institutions use diversity programs . "  Strict scrutiny  of the policy  imposes on the university the ultimate burden of demonstrating , before turning to racial classification , that available , workable race-neutral alternatives do not suffice , " he said . The Supreme Court in recent decades has established a three-pronged test to balance the government 's interest against a constitutional right or principle , and decide which laws may go too far . These standards of review are rational basis scrutiny , heightened scrutiny , and strict scrutiny . Kennedy said the appropriate standard was not applied properly by the lower federal courts in the Fisher case . He said state universities must demonstarte to the courts that no workable race-neutral alternatives would produce the desired educational and social benefits . Justices Stephen Breyer and Sonia Sotomayor , who are more left-leaning , agreed with the Supreme Court 's five conservatives . Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas also agreed with the limited reach of the ruling , but separately suggested continuing use of diversity programs in the classroom were unconstitutional . "  Although cloaked in good intentions , the university 's racial tinkering harms the very people it claims to be helping , " said Thomas , the court 's only African-American , who himself benefited from affirmative action programs early in his academic and professional career . Only Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg disagreed with the majority 's conclusion lower courts should take another look at the Fisher case . "  Government actors need not be blind to to the lingering effects of an overtly discriminatory past , " she said . "  I have said before and reiterate here that only an ostrich could regard the supposedly neutral alternative as race unconscious . " Justice Elena Kagan did not participate in the case because she apparently had been briefed on the issue as the Obama administration 's solicitor general before joining the high court . Three questions for Clarence Thomas Ideological differences The justices said in 2003 that state universities can , in limited circumstances , tailor their admissions policies to consider an applicant 's race . And this court was clearly divided along ideological lines during last October 's oral arguments about whether affirmative action essentially has run its social and legal course , and should no longer be used in the way schools like the Texas university has done . The state of Texas provides for a hybrid admissions policy : Automatic acceptance to its university 's main campus in Austin for in-state students finishing in the top 10 percent of their high schools , ensuring a measure of non-subjective diversity . Three-fourths of the in-state student body get in this way . Fisher just missed that opportunity , so had to compete in a separate pool of students seeking to attend the highly competitive school . It is that selection process that was before the court . The school , with 52,000 students , has touted its "  holistic " policy of considering race as one of many factors . African-Americans in Texas as a whole represent about 12 percent of the overall population , but only make up about 5 or 6 percent of University of Texas admissions . The high court will get another crack at the issue this fall in a separate appeal . The justices will decide the constitutionality of a voter referendum in Michigan banning race - and sex-based discrimination or preferential treatment in public university admission decisions . Oral arguments are likely in October . The case is Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin  11-345  . Fast facts : Top U.S. Supreme Court decisions	Decision involving the University of Texas affirms the use of race in college admissions But 7-1 ruling makes it harder for institutions to justify diversity in certain cases Supreme Court case involved white student who sued after application was rejected The school defends its policy of considering race as one of many factors in admissions
CNN  -- Legend has it that when Napoleon 's second-in-command asked his boss if he preferred a courageous general or a brilliant general he replied : "  What I want is a lucky general . " Napoleon knew what others have noted -- on a rapidly changing battlefield , there are the things you know you know , the things you know you do n't know , and the things you do n't know you do n't know . It 's in this last category that fortunes are so often made or broken . And so it is in our careers . The big events that matter most are often those that we can least predict . You take a course in college that inspires you to change your major . You get a new job after a friend of a friend refers you to a company you 'd never heard of before . You propose a process innovation that occurs to you in the shower while thinking about building a tree house for your daughter . Serendipity is the ability to take a chance occurrence -- a surprising idea , person or event -- and make creative use of it . Yet serendipity can be exceedingly difficult to pull off in the midst of our busy work lives . Why ? Because we are psychologically wired to find the things that match our expectations and discount what does n't . For most of us , our education and work environments only reinforce this behavior . We are tunnel-visioned . Yet the benefits of having a robust peripheral vision are overwhelming . Besides being responsible for so much of our innovation , peripheral vision is how we discover new opportunities and adapt to a rapidly changing world . Find the people that matter In business we are often at the mercy of chance to locate the people that we should be working with . There was no matchmaking service that brought together Lennon and McCartney , Jobs and Wozniak , or Ben and Jerry . Each of these people put themselves in motion -- they escaped their isolated environments or routines long enough to bump into others . Circumstance brought these personalities together , but to achieve success they had to connect , see something in each other and ultimately take the initiative in pursuing the partnership . How many collaborators , new hires and customer prospects do we miss because we are n't looking for them when they appear in our lives ? If the answer is "  more than a few , " it 's a good time to develop your skill of motion . Get out of the cubicle , and work for a few hours in the lobby , cafe or cafeteria where visitors are coming in and out all day . You might also attend local meetups or conferences , but rather than targeting other people based on where they work or their job title , avoid looking at nametags altogether . The people who seem least likely to be able to help you  e.g. that crazy guy in the tie-dye t-shirt  might just be the most helpful of all . See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' Use surprise events When 29-year old Howard Schultz was sent to Milan on a business trip his bosses gave him a very focused goal -- buy wholesale beans for the coffee-bean shop he worked for . Yet he found something that deeply surprised him . On every corner of the city there were espresso bars that both served amazing coffee drinks and acted as social meeting places . He had never seen anything like it before , and he suddenly knew in his bones that this concept could be huge in America . He pitched his bosses on the idea , but they rejected him out of hand . They had no interest in becoming a "  restaurant " business . Instead he pursued the idea on his own , ultimately creating the global phenomenon known as Starbucks . Schultz was able to see beyond the task he 'd been assigned and imagined a future where the coffee-bar phenomenon had transformed the entire industry . Like Schultz , we must foster our peripheral vision to rise above our to-do lists and be ready when a surprise event occurs . Dedicating time to non work-related interests helps us distance ourselves from our primary tasks . This distance allows us to make the connections across domains that lead to insights and innovations . See also : To realize your potential , ` dare to be different ' Solve problems based on unexpected sources In 1979 Sir James Dyson was obsessed with the idea of building a better vacuum cleaner , but it was n't until he stumbled on an industrial cyclone at the local sawmill that he came up with an idea for how to solve the technical problem . Having an overriding purpose affects how we see the world . Dyson was committed to improving on the vacuum design , and this gave him eyes to see the solution embedded in the cyclone machine . Another engineer without this obsession never would have connected the cyclone to a consumer vacuum . By developing a strong perspective we increase the likelihood we 'll run into the very things that will be most helpful to us , wherever they emerge from . Put simply , we can learn to harness serendipity as a rigorous business practice . The most successful entrepreneurs and business generally do , allowing chance to intervene in their routinized work lives , recognizing the most promising opportunities , and taking action on them , even if they challenge their best laid plans . Or , perhaps , precisely because they challenge them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thor Muller .	We can learn to harness serendipity as a rigorous business practice , says Thor Muller Serendipity is the ability to take a chance occurrence and make creative use of it , he says Get out of your work cubicle to meet new people and make new connections Muller says we must rise above our to-do lists and be ready when a surprise event occurs
CNN  -- Kezai started receiving professional tennis coaching at the age of eight . Since then his father has worked hard to cover his training costs . Two years on and it all seems to have paid off . In June , a local Chengdu company reached out to Li Chengpeng , Kezai 's father , with an offer to sponsor Kezai . Soon after , a professional photographer took pictures of Kezai and his father for advertisements . But the family 's happiness was short lived . The company withdrew the sponsorship . Though he says he was never given an explanation , Kezai 's father believes it was because of his political activity . The company could not be reached for comment . As a controversial blogger and writer , Li announced his plan to run for office as an independent candidate for China 's National People 's Congress of Wuhou District , a legislative body at the local level in Sichuan province . "  You never know the benefit of standing up if you always stay on your knees , " Li declared in a campaign statement on his microblog , where he has more than three million regular followers . Through the power of social media , Li 's original message was forwarded more than 3,000 times within a few hours on micro-blogging site Sina Weibo , a popular twitter-like service . But such campaigns are rare in China . The Chinese do not choose their own president or premier because all government officials are pre-decided . However , elections are held on the local level , with all candidates approved by the party beforehand . China 's electoral law stipulates that every Chinese citizen over 18 has the right to vote and run in local elections . Those , like Li Chengpeng , seeking to become candidates for county or township legislatures must first register and secure confirmation of their candidacy . They must then be nominated as "  deputy candidate " by political parties , social organizations or have the signed support of at least 10 registered voters in their constituency . In practice , the government can rule candidates or any of their supporters unqualified and refuse to put them on the ballot , which critics say leaves ample opportunity for manipulation of the results . "  I know nobody on the ballot sheet . And I do n't think my vote will make much difference , " a retiree in Beijing said when she was asked to vote for the People 's Congress district 's last election . In recent months , an unprecedented number of Chinese citizens have declared themselves as independent candidates , according to Li Fan , founder of the World and China Institute that promotes democracy at the local levels . He said many candidates have grievances with the local government and feel they can not get their voices out . "  They bid for the position as they think they can draw attention from the public for better solving of the problem , " he said . "  Some local governments did think that their leadership was threatened by these  independent candidates  , which is obviously not the case . " Li Fan said . Some believe there are concerns among the central government as well . On June 8 , state-run media Xinhua quoted the head of the Commission for Legislative Affairs of the National People 's Congress Standing Committee as saying that "  there is no such a thing as an ` independent candidate ' as it 's not recognized by law . " All candidates must follow the guidelines laid out by the government . But some do manage to meet the guidelines and run under the banner of an independent . The history of China 's independent candidates dates back to 1998 , when Yao Lifa , a teacher in Hubei Province , became the first self-described independent candidate elected to the local congress . He lost out when attempting a bid for a second term in 2003 . With the government in control of the media and potential candidates subject to government approval , many question whether a truly independent candidate can win . Li Fan says more than 100 people -- many using the internet -- have declared themselves as candidates for upcoming elections for people 's congresses across the country . "  There are no fair and free elections in China , " said Li Fan . "  Chances are not good for these people leading the wave , but with their appeals , a lot more people will stand out to join in the election . They are the future . " No matter what the chances are for Li Chengpeng , he says he is determined . "  In China , there is so much unfairness and many choices in life are decided by the others , " he explained during an interview with CNN . "  I want to make decisions on my own . " To achieve his goal , Li Chengpeng has visited more than 100 residents in his constituency , listening to their appeals to work out his campaign plan , trying to secure the government-required support from 10 registered voters . He also continues to speak out on his blog . Li Chengpeng is not sure whether his name will appear on the ballot in September , when the election process officially begins , but he tries to be optimistic . "  I 'm confident . If I 'm not confident , how can I convince my supporters ? " he said . Li Chengpeng is not so confident about securing another tennis sponsorship for his son , if his political activities indeed caused him to lose the first one . He says he plans to fight on as an independent -- and he has his son 's support . Visqi He contributed to this report .	Elections in China are held at local levels , with candidates approved by the party Many Chinese citizens have recently declared themselves independent candidates A controversial blogger says he has faced prejudice due to his political activity
CNN  -- Pakistan has released nine members of the Taliban from prison in hopes they will help negotiate peace in Afghanistan , a senior Afghan peace negotiator said . They are to receive safe passage back to Afghanistan , Salahuddin Rabbani , chairman of Afghanistan High Peace Council , told reporters in Kabul Saturday . A senior Pakistani intelligence official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , confirmed the release , indicating that many of the prisoners were old-guard Taliban , ranking members from generations past . Two were once ministers in the former Taliban government before the U.S. invaded the country in 2001 , he said . The rest were either former government officials or low - to mid-evel commanders . The peace council has attempted to forge peace between the Taliban , the Afghan government and Western powers . It supports Kabul 's call to the Taliban to cut its links to al Qaeda . The prisoner release coincided with a recent three-day visit by an Afghan delegation led by Rabbani to Islamabad , which sat down with Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari , Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and religious leaders to solicit their support for the peace process in Afghanistan . The Afghans have requested the discharge of more Taliban , who Rabbani said have agreed to support peace negotiations , and hope that this first release was the just the beginning . The senior Pakistani intelligence official believes more releases are likely , but he is skeptical the released Taliban prisoners will be effective in peace negotiations due to generational conflicts . "  I doubt very much that the current Afghan Taliban will listen to these has-beens , " he said . A former second-in-command Taliban leader , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , was rumored to have been considered for release but was not among those set free . Rabbani is the son of former Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani , who led the peace council until his assassination in his home at the hand of suicide bombers posing as Taliban peace negotiators in 2011 . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul and CNN 's Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad .	Taliban members released to help with peace negotiations Afghan peace council calls for the release of more Pakistani intelligence official is skeptical about their effectiveness
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Rival tribesmen armed with arrows and machetes clashed at dawn Friday , leaving 32 dead in renewed violence in southeastern Kenya , the Red Cross said . At least 30 more were injured in the clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes in Tana River district , the Kenya Red Cross said in a statement . Casualties included women and children , it said . Read more : Kenyan DJs fast to promote peace Deputy police chief , Robert Kitur , said preliminary reports show the attack killed at least 28 people . The number of those injured is still unclear , he said . Pokomo tribesmen initiated the attacks , according to Khadija Kuresha , a human rights activist in the area . Both sides have engaged in retaliatory clashes in recent months . It 's unclear what triggered the latest clashes , but the two groups have fought for years over grazing rights , land and water sources . Pokomos are largely farmers while the semi-nomadic Orma tribesmen mostly tend to livestock . The former have accused the latter of grazing cattle on land that does not belong to them . Violence between the two escalated after an August confrontation killed more than 50 people in the same region . Kenya has dispatched hundreds of officers to the area in recent months , but authorities in the east African nation have been criticized for failing to stop the carnage .	Red Cross : Clashes between Pokomo and Orma tribes leave 32 dead Both sides have fought for years over grazing rights and water Attackers used various weapons , including guns and arrows
In the busy streets , shoppers and workers rush by the homeless little boy with a flute -- some dropping change , but most ignoring him . Sitting on the sidewalk in Istanbul , Turkey , his head is barely above knee height of the adults around him . But he plays on -- for hours , knowing that each coin or note can help his family survive another day . The flute is a cheap one , but it is key to their struggle . The money he makes -- usually about $ 10 a day -- will help feed his mom and four siblings . The family escaped the horrors of war in Aleppo , Syria , and he says they now live in a park . He does not say which park or if they have a tent for shelter at night . According to U.N figures , there are about 1 million registered refugees in Turkey , but the country says the total is closer to 1.6 million . Research from the Migration Policy Centre adds that in the last couple of months , there has been another spike as Syrians flee the rise of ISIS . The boy says he has been in Turkey for about a year . He plays falteringly and his young face looks innocent , but he knows the cruelty of war . He says his dad died in Aleppo , which has seen some of the fiercest fighting in Syria and is a rebel stronghold that President Bashar al-Assad 's army has attacked . The boy , who says he is 6 , complains that his head hurts and talks of the guns back in Aleppo . As he plays on , he is relying on the kindness of strangers and watching for police patrols , as begging on the streets is illegal . When police do see him -- this time as he walks back to his makeshift home -- an officer confiscates his flute . But he can not be kept down . A new flute is $ 5 -- half is daily profit -- but if he is to play on , if he is to help feed his family , if they are to have some hope , it 's a small expense . And tomorrow , he will play again .	A refugee boy uses a flute to help keep his family fed He makes about $ 10 a day in Istanbul , Turkey He fled from Aleppo , Syria , with his family
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer faces a potential quarterfinal clash with Nikolay Davydenko after his recent nemesis was drawn in the same quarter of the field for the Australian Open , which starts on Monday . The Russian has beaten Swiss star Federer in his past two meetings as he has risen to sixth in the rankings , winning the 2009 season-ending ATP World Tour Finals . Last year 's losing finalist Federer faces Davydenko 's unseeded compatriot Igor Andreev in the first round , and could play former world No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt of Australia in the third . To get to Federer , Davydenko -- who starts against a qualifier -- may have to face last year 's semifinalist Fernando Verdasco , or the Spanish ninth seed 's compatriots Juan Carlos Ferrero and Carlos Moya , who are both former top-ranked players . Third seed Novak Djokovic is also in Federer 's half of the draw , along with No. 8 Robin Soderling . The Serbian could face Soderling , last year 's French Open finalist , in the quarterfinals before a potential semifinal with Federer . World No. 2 and defending champion Rafael Nadal heads the other half of the draw , where he could face Andy Murray in the quarterfinals . Murray has paid the price for deciding against defending his Qatar Open title earlier this month , with the Britain dropping outside the top four in the rankings . If he were to get past Nadal , Murray could possibly face a semifinal against U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro , who is fourth seed and expected to play despite pulling out of the Kooyong Classic with a wrist problem . Del Potro could play American seventh seed Andy Roddick in the last eight . Verdasco will play Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who is seeded 10th for the season 's first Grand Slam tournament in Melbourne , in Saturday 's final in the exhibition event . Meanwhile , 2006 Australian Open runner-up Marcus Baghdatis will play Richard Gasquet in the final of the Sydney International event on Saturday . Cypriot Baghdatis is aiming for his second title in three tournaments , having won the Stockholm Open at the end of last year . Frenchman Gasquet is seeking his first ATP Tour title since September 2007 , having served a ban for a positive cocaine test last year which was later reduced due to mitigating circumstances . Australian Open men 's singles draw  seeds in bold  : 1-Roger Federer  Swi  v Igor Andreev  Rus  Juan Ignacio Chela  Arg  v Victor Hanescu  Rom  Stephane Robert  Fra  v Potito Starace  Ita  Oscar Hernandez  Spa  v 31-Albert Montanes  Spa  22-Lleyton Hewitt  Aus  v Qualifier Christophe Rochus  Bel  v Qualifier Paolo Lorenzi  Ita  v Marcos Baghdatis  Cyp  Frederico Gil  Por  v 15-Gilles Simon  Fra  9-Fernando Verdasco  Spa  v Carsten Ball  Aus  Qualifier v Dudi Sela  Isr  Rajeev Ram  USA  v Qualifier Qualifier v 23-Juan Carlos Ferrero  Spa  30-Juan Monaco  Arg  v Ernests Gulbis  Lat  Martin Vassallo Arguello  Arg  v Michael Llodra  Fra  Carlos Moya  Spa  v Qualifier Qualifier v 6-Nikolay Davydenko  Rus  3-Novak Djokovic  Ser  v Daniel Gimeno-Traver  Spa  Marinko Matosevic  Aus  v Marco Chiudinelli  Swi  Kristof Vliegen  Bel  v Michael Berrer  Ger  Denis Istomin  Uzb  v 32-Jeremy Chardy  Fra  20-Mikhail Youzhny  Rus  v Richard Gasquet  Fra  Jan Hajek  Cze  v Robby Ginepri  USA  Lukasz Kubot  Pol  v Mischa Zverev  Ger  Santiago Giraldo  Col  v 16-Tommy Robredo  Spa  10-Jo-Wilfried Tsonga  Fra  v Sergiy Stakhovsky  Ukr  Fabio Fognini  Ita  v Taylor Dent  USA  Ryan Harrison  USA  v Janko Tipsarevic  Ser  Simon Greul  Ger  v 18-Tommy Haas  Ger  26-Nicolas Almagro  Spa  v Qualifier Benjamin Becker  Ger  v Qualifier Alejandro Falla  Col  v Marcos Daniel  Bra  Marcel Granollers-Pujol  Spa  v 8-Robin Soderling  Swe  7-Andy Roddick  USA  v Thiemo De Bakker  Ned  Teimuraz Gabashvili  Rus  v Thomaz Bellucci  Bra  Feliciano Lopez  Spa  v Pablo Cuevas  Uru  Rainer Schuettler  Ger  v 25-Sam Querrey  USA  21-Tomas Berdych  Cze  v Robin Haase  Ned  Daniel Brands  Ger  v Evgeny Korolev  Rus  Sebastien Grosjean  Fra  v Qualifier Olivier Rochus  Bel  v 11-Fernando Gonzalez  Chi  14-Marin Cilic  Cro  v Fabrice Santoro  Fra  Qualifier v Bernard Tomic  Aus  Igor Kunitsyn  Rus  v Jose Acasuso  Arg  Guillermo Garcia-Lopez  Spa  v 19-Stanislas Wawrinka  Swi  29-Viktor Troicki  Ser  v Nicolas Lapentti  Ecu  Philipp Petzschner  Ger  v Florian Mayer  Ger  James Blake  USA  v Arnaud Clement  Fra  Michael Russell  USA  v 4-Juan Martin Del Potro  Arg  5-Andy Murray  GB  v Qualifier Marc Gicquel  Fra  v Simone Bolelli  Ita  Jarkko Nieminen  Fin  v Nick Lindhal  Aus  Florent Serra  Fra  v 28-Jurgen Melzer  Aut  17-David Ferrer  Spa  v Andreas Seppi  Ita  Qualifier v Yen-Hsun Lu  Tpe  Daniel Koellerer  Aut  v Qualifier Qualifier v 12-Gael Monfils  Fra  13-Radek Stepanek  Cze  v Ivo Karlovic  Cro  Julien Benneteau  Fra  v Qualifier Mardy Fish  USA  v Andrey Golubev  Kaz  Jason Kubler  Aus  v Ivan Ljubicic  Cro   24  27-Philipp Kohlschreiber  Ger  v Horacio Zeballos  Arg  John Isner  USA  v Wayne Odesnik  USA  Lukas Lacko  Svk  v Leonardo Mayer  Arg  Peter Luczak  Aus  v 2-Rafael Nadal  Spa	Roger Federer faces potential quarterfinal clash with Nikolay Davydenko at Australian Open The Russian sixth seed has beaten the world No. 1 in their last two meetings Defending champion Rafael Nadal faces possible last-eight tie with Andy Murray Nadal could then face U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro in semifinals
CNN  -- Jack Quavis does n't shy away from heated political discussions ; in fact , he encourages them . Politics is an ever-present topic in his one-room barbershop in Buffalo , New York . Jack Quavis gives a customer a haircut at his Buffalo , New York , barbershop . He 's the owner of Taylor Mae 'd Barber Shop , an old-fashioned place with one distinguishing feature -- customers can share their thoughts on camera about current events while Quavis trims their hair . "  I 'm tired of the average person not being heard , " he said . "  At the barber shop , guys will open up . Everybody 's eager to talk about something . " Politics , though often a taboo subject at social events and many workplaces , is the topic of choice in his shop , said Quavis . There 's one barber chair used for haircuts . The others form a makeshift seating area . Photos and bumper stickers cover the walls , along with a handful of ponytails from past customers . "  It 's a small , cozy kind of place , " said Quavis , one where visitors "  can speak their mind and not be ridiculed for it . " Men share opinions with Quavis that they would n't be comfortable discussing with their closest friends , said the longtime New York resident . "  They trust me . " "  More or less , I 'm not a threat to them . I 'm not going to judge them for their opinions . " Quavis , 46 , founded Taylor Mae 'd a decade ago and began recording videos of his conversations with customers in December 2008 . In an introductory video on his Web site , Quavis explains his goal . "  This is a chance to take a look and see what Americans are passionate about . " He also offers a warning : "  If strong opinions offend you , then maybe this is n't the Web site for you . " Perhaps surprisingly , many customers allow their discussions to be filmed and shared online . Quavis posts his barbershop videos on CNN 's iReport.com and his personal Web site , All Buzzed Up . Though the men speak with obvious fervor , they manage to stay calm and still as scissors fly through their hair . Quavis heard plenty of political chatter when he worked as a bartender , but says those conversations were never as civil as those in the barbershop . During a typical recorded conversation , Quavis will ask about a current legislative issue , then let the customer talk as he goes to work . Often , the energetic barber will jump in to share his observations . "  I try to keep them guided by what 's going on in the news today , " he said . On Inauguration Day , Quavis recorded two interviews with customers . Both seemed excited to see Barack Obama as president and happy that George W. Bush was leaving office . "  I 'd give him a four out of 10 , " said one customer , referring to Bush 's performance . "  What 'd he get a four for ? " asked Quavis . "  Just for taking the job , " he joked , making Quavis laugh so hard that he had to stop shaving the man 's head . Watch Quavis and customers take on heated political topics " One of Quavis ' favorite topics these days is the ideological divide among politicians . Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill have battled over health care reform for months now , seemingly unable to reach an agreement . The barber talks quickly and passionately , letting a few choice words slip when he 's on the subject . "  Our government 's a joke right now , " he said . "  If -LSB- politicians -RSB- stop being Democrats and Republicans and start being people , maybe these issues would n't be so tough . Do n't vote along party lines , vote with what you think is true . " Several customers have echoed Quavis ' sentiments . "  They 've got to stop catering to big business and special interest groups -- got to listen to the people more , " said Larry Switzer , a frequent Taylor Mae 'd patron who shared his thoughts on camera . "  You would think that we would be in their special interest , " said Quavis , chuckling . As he trims Switzer 's hair , the two chat like old buddies . His 400-square-foot shop , which specializes in men 's haircuts , sits on a busy road a few miles south from the heart of Buffalo . The Bethlehem Steel plant , which closed in 2001 , looms down the street . "  A couple thousand acres , sitting there wasted , " said Quavis . The economy has taken its toll on Taylor Mae 'd as with many independent barbershops across the country , said Quavis . Customers go longer between haircuts and stories of being laid off from jobs seem more and more common . But , despite it all , Quavis remains optimistic . He 's held a variety of jobs , but said he likes being a barber best . "  It 's the best job I 've ever had , " he said . "  I love the guys who come here ; I love their opinions ; I love what it 's all about . " Tom Ammo visits the barbershop once a week . He drops by Taylor Mae 'd every Thursday morning with donuts and coffee , and he and Quavis record a video talking about current events . Some days , the ironworker will spend a couple of hours at the shop . "  There are n't many places you can do that , " said Ammo . "  Barbershops are a dying breed -- the kind of barbershop where you can go in and hang out with the guys . " Ammo , 45 , has known Quavis since high school . The men often talk about the government , but recently branched out to sports . Ammo now gives his predictions for upcoming Buffalo Bills NFL games during his weekly visit . "  He 's a people person , " said Ammo , referring to Quavis . "  Not too many people have the gift of gab and the ability to get people to talk . " Ammo said he 's never liked public speaking , but finds being on camera a different experience . "  I was petrified to do a speech in high school or talk in front of crowds , " Ammo said . "  But when he puts the cam on , I 'm at ease and everything flows . " Quavis said his friends scoffed at the idea when he first decided to start recording videos , but he 's starting to see a change in opinions . "  Slowly but surely , more and more people are coming around , " he said . The barber says he does n't affiliate with any political party . "  I 'm a realist , neither Democrat nor Republican . " His opinions are often influenced by his customers ' various viewpoints . "  Even if I disagree with something , if everyone else thinks it 's the best for this country , I 'll go ahead with it . " Washington politicians could learn a thing or two from Taylor Mae 'd and other small barbershops , said Quavis . Whether discussing the economy , health care , or another political topic , everyone seems to find a way to agree . "  Somehow or another , when men come into a barbershop , we manage to find common ground . "	At Taylor Mae 'd Barber Shop , customers can share their thoughts on camera The topic of choice is politics ; though opinions differ , men find common ground Owner Jack Quavis is a "  people person " who puts customers at ease iReport.com : Finding common ground with a political opposite
CNN  -- There is a man in South Carolina who has been keeping a big secret for the past five days . Well , he did tell his dog . And , we assume , his wife . He 's probably hoping his recent good fortune stays a secret , but this will be one mighty hard life-changing event to keep under wraps . South Carolina lottery officials said a man showed up at their office Monday with the winning ticket to last Wednesday 's $ 399.4 million Powerball jackpot . In a news release , lottery officials said the man was from the Columbia area . And that 's it . They did n't say how old he was or give his name . South Carolina does n't divulge the identities of lottery winners to the public if they do n't want it to be known . Officials did say he told them he was driving home when his wife called and told him they needed hot dog buns . So he pulled into a Murphy USA convenience store but there were no buns . There was a sign for the lottery , so -- for only the second time -- he played , putting down a $ 20 . On Thursday , he was at home with just his dog when he checked the numbers . And he had the ticket with the winning numbers : 7 , 10 , 22 , 32 , 35 and Powerball 19 . One that flies in the face of the formidable 1-in-175 ,223,510 odds . Powerball trio strikes it rich with $ 448 million jackpot The Murphy store will receive a cool $ 50,000 for selling the ticket . The release did n't say whether the man chose a 29-year annuity plan or took a cash prize of $ 223 million . Wednesday 's haul was the fourth largest lottery price in U.S. history , the biggest prize ever in South Carolina . The biggest payload in American history was $ 665 million in the Mega Millions game in March 2012 . The greatest Powerball jackpot was the $ 590.5 million won with a single ticket in Florida this past May . So now people in Columbia might be a whole lot nicer to each other . After all , you never know if that guy you just served dinner to is worth hundreds of millions of dollars . Why you keep playing the lottery	Lottery officials say it is a man from the Columbia area of South Carolina Winner says he has only played the lottery twice He was actually searching for hot dog buns , but was shut out on the bread Instead he takes home a whole lot of dough -- the prize was nearly $ 400 million
CNN  -- U.S. lawmakers considering the closure of the controversial Guantanamo Bay detention center will probably be looking at a rehabilitation program in Saudi Arabia that focuses on religious re-education for captured jihadists . Ahmed , who took part in a bombing mission in Iraq , said he was a "  wiser man " after taking part in the program . President Obama issued executive orders relating to Guantanamo last week , including one requiring that the detention facility at a U.S. Naval base in Cuba be closed within a year . Now some analysts are asking not only whether intelligence agencies will be able to get the information they need to keep America safe but where the prisoners will eventually end up . The answer to the second part of this question may lie partly in the Saudi rehab program that analysts in that country say has helped deal a big blow to al Qaeda . Since the 2003 bombings in Riyadh that killed dozens there have been no major attacks in the kingdom , they point out . Libya is using a similar philosophy of religious re-education , moving away from brutal treatment of militants in jails , and Pakistan is also looking at it . The program focuses on religious re-education for young men , all in their late teens to early 30s , captured while engaged in terrorist activities . Of the 218 people who have taken part , only nine have since been rearrested after trying to rejoin al Qaeda , Saudi officials told CNN . "  We have reduced the threat but can not say we have eliminated it , " said interior ministry spokesman Gen. Mansoor al Turki . "  Such a re-education program will help the police to make sure these people get rid of the ideology that penetrated their brains -LSB- and to -RSB- make sure , when they leave prison , -LSB- they -RSB- can lead -LSB- a -RSB- normal life . " The key to the government-run scheme 's success is the way it uses imams , or religious teachers , to explain to the young , radicalized Muslims that not everyone can issue a fatwa . It tells them that what they have been taught previously is wrong : You can not just go and kill someone . In an al Qaeda cell , one person will issue a fatwa to justify whatever violent action the group will take , but the rehabilitation program makes clear that to issue a fatwa you must be a well-trained , experienced imam . One young man who had been through the program said he had learned his lesson . Ahmed , who admitted driving a truck that exploded in Iraq , killing 12 people , said he had been brain-washed by al Qaeda militants . "  They told me Americans kill Muslims in Iraq and Afghanistan ... and they brainwash me . ... They said it 's the honorable thing to do to go fight Americans . " Ahmed said that he was just a regular Muslim before he was radicalized but that the program had taught him the error of his ways , and now , "  I will never think about the jihad again . " "  My message to all young people : If you are in Iraq , leave and come back home and ask governments and elders about religion . Do n't do what these bad people tell you to do . Everyone makes mistakes . "  I used to hate Americans . Now it 's different . Thank God I am a wiser man and I know right from wrong . In the program , they taught me killing a person -- Muslim or non-Muslim -- is wrong even if he gets in my way . You should help people , not hurt them . " The program came about after the Saudi government recognized that locking up the young radicalized Muslims and mistreating them in jail was counterproductive and served only to foment anger in the Islamic world . Reformed jihadists said Abdel Aziz al-Muqrin , for example , the al Qaeda leader in Saudi Arabia who was killed in 2004 , was angry about his treatment in jail . So officials realized that a better way to deal with the threat of radicalized Muslims was to rehabilitate them . "  It 's not easy just to take the behavior or the person with behavior or bad behavior and put him in jail , " said psychologist Turki Al-Otayan . "  How about his thoughts ? How about his emotions ? That 's why we have the advisory committee to correct the cognitive things and the emotional things . " Al-Otayan said that if the program did not exist , the young men would easily revert to their old ways . "  If we leave them , someone will take our job like the terrorists or the mujahadeen . ... They will pass them money . " He said he was convinced that the program had greatly cut the number of young Muslims traveling to Iraq to carry out jihad . Officials realize that it will never be 100 percent successful , and it is labor-intensive and expensive , but it may very well be among the approaches that U.S. officials will consider as they work out how to close the Guantanamo Bay detention facility and rehabilitate the 700 or so prisoners .	U.S. looking at how to close Guantanamo Bay detention center One option that may be considered is Saudi rehab program for captured extremists Program uses religious teachers to re-educate radicalized Muslims
CNN  -- Imagine an icy cold day , Arizona . A chilly breeze , southwest California . Snow drifting slowly from low slate clouds , Las Vegas . Now , keep those images close at hand . You 're going to need something to help keep you cool as Mother Earth pours a big bucket of brutal heat on your head . "  I 'm not worried as much about the people who have lived here a while , " said Sgt. Troy Stirling , spokesman for the Lake Havasu police in that Arizona city along the California border . "  It 's more the tourists coming into the area , even from Southern California , who are n't used to this kind of heat . " Civic and emergency officials throughout the Southwest say that if there was ever a time to worry , this would be it . The reason is n't just the oppressive heat that plagued the region : It 's the fact it is expected to hang around , and possibly even get worse , over the next few days . Many of the excessive heat warnings issued by the National Weather Service extend through Tuesday night , with advisories from northern California , including Sacramento , all the way to southern Arizona . Forecasters say temperatures through the weekend could rival a 2005 heat wave that killed 17 people in the Las Vegas area . The culprit is a high pressure dome that 's blocking cooler air coming down from the Pacific Northwest , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons explains . That system wo n't begin to break up until early next week , she said . As a result , Phoenix residents should see a high of 118 degrees on Saturday . That 's the temperature the National Weather Service expects the thermostat will reach in Las Vegas both on Sunday and Monday . It should max out at 115 in the coming days in Palm Springs , California . It 's not like sunset will provide much respite , as temperatures may not drop below 90 degrees in many places , even in the middle of the night . Yet all those conditions are practically wintry compared to what 's expected in Death Valley , where temps could climb to 129 degrees . The high temps come just a couple weeks before the 100th anniversary of what the National Weather Service calls the "  highest reliably recorded air temperature on Earth " -- 134 degrees on July 10 , 1913 , in Death Valley 's Greenland Ranch . It likely wo n't get that bad , but that does n't mean it wo n't be dangerous . That 's why Stirling said authorities in Lake Havasu City are making sure every police officer on the beat has cool water or Gatorade handy , why waters at the city 's aquatic center are being chilled , and why fire stations are offering free cold water to passers-by . Precautions are also being taken in the case of a worst-case scenario -- a power outage that knocks out air conditioning that people need to get through the intense heat . But barring such a calamity , Stirling said , "  Most people know , ` We 're going to stay indoors . ' " Of course , there will be those who do n't do that -- perhaps because they have to be outside , or maybe because they 're convinced they can beat the heat . Those fighting fires -- like a blaze that ripped through a Phoenix salvage yard Friday evening , torching vehicles , sending huge plumes of black smoke into the air and triggering several explosions -- do n't have much choice to stay inside . In California , the so-called Mills Fire in San Bernardino County was still raging at 5:45 p.m.  8:45 p.m. ET  Friday , having more than doubled in size to 200 acres over the course of the day , according to California 's Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . In addition to firefighters , police pitched in by going door-to-door asking people to evacuate . But the weather was n't , and wo n't , be much help at all : Forecasts for the area call for sunny skies and temperatures topping out at 109 degrees both days this weekend . Crissi Zito is one of those people in the heat-drenched zone who ventured outside , even if she did n't have to . Still , when she went out for a run Friday in 100-plus degree heat in Sacramento , Zito was equipped with a water bottle in her hand and the understanding in her mind that now is not the time to push your limits . "  Listen to your body , " she told CNN affiliate KOVR . "  If your body says , ' I do n't feel good , I do n't feel right , ' go inside , get some shade , get some water . "	NEW : Those fighting wildfires and other blazes must battle extreme heat as well Excessive heat warnings extend from northern California to Arizona and beyond It could reach 129 in Death Valley -- five degrees short of the all-time record Temperatures may not fall below 90 at night in some areas
CNN  The reserve deputy who shot a suspect with his firearm rather than his stun gun , and another deputy who can be heard cursing at the suspect after he was shot , were not in their normal states of mind because of the elevated stress of apprehending the suspect , according to a Tulsa , Oklahoma , investigator . Tulsa Police Sgt. Jim Clark , who has been brought in to review the case , said Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates , 73 , "  inadvertently " shot Eric Courtney Harris after Harris -- a possibly PCP-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer -- ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting . As deputies tried to handcuff Harris , Bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand . He warned his fellow deputies he was going to use a Taser on the suspect , but instead , he fired a single gunshot -- and immediately apologized , Clark said , citing a recently released video . Clark attributed Bates ' actions to a phenomenon known as "  slip and capture . " An example is when someone who drives a car with a manual transmission gets behind the wheel of a car with an automatic transmission . The driver will press her or his left foot down when stopping abruptly , even though there 's no clutch pedal , he said . Quoting Bill Lewinski , executive director of the Force Science Institute , Clark further explained : "  These are mistakes that are made when you think you are doing one thing but you actually are doing another , and the result often is directly opposite of what you intended . In effect , your intended behavior slips off the path that you want it to go because it is captured by a stronger response and sent to a different direction . " Bates announced that he was going to deploy his Taser , and he pulled the trigger only once , as he was trained to do , Clark said . Police are trained to "  double-tap " when firing their handguns , he said . The gun jumped out of Bates ' hand because he was n't expecting recoil , Clark said , and Bates expressed surprise and remorse that he had shot Harris . Quoting Lewinski again , Clark said , "  This is the slip and capture . Under time pressure to address a perceived threat , his intention to draw his Taser slipped off his agenda , so to speak , when it was captured and completed by a more well-rehearsed motor program . ... He was not conscious of this unfortunate switch until after the shot was fired . In his urgency , his concentration was focused exclusively on Harris ' back , where he intended to place the Taser darts . Because of what 's called ` inattentional blindness , ' meaning that he was n't consciously paying attention to and registering it , he would n't have been aware that the feel of the gun was different from that of the Taser . And in this case the weight of the gun and Taser are nearly identical . " Clark was emphatic that Bates had done nothing criminally wrong and went so far as to say the reserve deputy was a victim . "  Reserve Deputy Bates did not commit a crime . Reserve Deputy Bates was a victim , a true victim of slip and capture , " he said . "  There 's no other determination I could come to . " When they set up the undercover sting , police wanted evidence on camera . But when they recorded the operation targeting Harris earlier this month , cameras continued to roll as the suspect ran , and as he was fatally shot . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office released the video on Friday . The shooting was an apparent accident , it has said . In the last minutes of the video , Harris lies on the pavement with police on top of him . An officer calls for a Taser , but in place of an electric clicking sound , a gunshot rings out . A voice can be heard saying , "  Oh ! I shot him ! I 'm sorry ! " Another officer screams out , "  He shot him ! He shot him ! " Harris , who is bleeding , calls out , too . He 's losing his breath , he says . An officer yells back at him . "  You f**king ran ! Shut the f**k up ! " he yells . "  F**k your breath , " he said . Clark defended the officer 's language , saying the deputy experienced auditory exclusion , never heard the gunshot and thought the suspect was out of breath from running . The language has no bearing on whether the shooting was justified , Clark said . "  One deputy thought he was going to have to shoot this person at the arrest site . It 's very upsetting when you think you are going to have to take someone 's life and this deputy , one of the involved deputies , was upset , " he said . "  Secondly , this is total stress . They are going after a dangerous suspect that they have no idea whether or not this person is armed . " Clark added , "  They did not know that he was shot at this time . They had audio exclusion . They was at a point where they could n't hear . They did n't even hear the gunshot go off . The officers did not know that Mr. Harris had been shot . " An officer can be seen in the video taking his foot off an object lying on the pavement not far from Harris . Shortly after the suspect is shot , the officers begin tugging Harris ' hands behind his back as the video ends . Harris later died at a local hospital . Police said at the time of the shooting that Harris admitted to medics at the scene that he may have been under the influence of phencyclidine , a street drug commonly known as PCP . The video is edited to block out the officers ' faces . Harris is clearly visible . Minutes earlier , Harris had climbed into a truck cab , where an undercover officer had set up a camera on the dash to record the suspect . "  What 's up ? " they greet each other cordially . Without missing a beat , Harris rummages deep in a backpack and hastily hands over a semiautomatic pistol . Every few seconds , he looks around outside nervously . "  Sweet , that 's a nice gun , man , " the undercover officer says off camera . It 's a "  German Luger , " Harris tells him . He cranes his head around quickly and watches as a car pulls up next to the truck . Officers in uniform jump out , and Harris bolts out the passenger door and sprints off . "  He 's running ; he 's running , he 's running ! " the officer in the truck says . As Harris fled , police worried he might still be armed because he ran with his right forearm pressed against his hip , "  consistent with trying to maintain control of a gun , " Clark said , adding that no gun was found when Harris was searched after the chase . Another video from an officer 's body camera picks up the chase . The officer wearing it jumps out of a vehicle and pursues Harris on foot , catching up to him easily . He tackles the fleeing suspect . The officer commands him , "  I need you to roll on your stomach . Now ! " Other officers appear . Someone calls , "  Taser ! Taser ! " The gun discharges . Much later in the recording made by the first camera inside the truck , two men are conversing . "  He thought it was his Taser , " one of them says , as the other curses in frustration . In the background , a woman is crying "  No , no , no ! " Harris had come to the sting deal with a female companion . Police have said that Harris had reached for his waistband , and officers feared he might endanger them . When Harris was on the ground , he "  refused to pull his left arm from underneath his body where his hand was near his waistband , " they said after the shooting . The officer 's body camera video did not reveal that area of Harris ' body . Bates , a former Tulsa police officer , was placed on administrative leave after the shooting , the sheriff 's office has said . Asked whether Bates ' age may have been a factor in the shooting , Clark said , "  It 's happened to 21-year-old law enforcement officers . It 's happened to 30-year-old law enforcement officers . Age is not really a factor in consideration for the dynamics behind slip and capture events . Despite the details released over the weekend , Harris ' brother says he still want answers . "  I want to know if he was shot in the back accidentally or on purpose . These are all the things that not only I want , but the public wants , " Andre Harris told CNN affiliate KTUL . Bates ' attorney , Scott Wood , told CNN on Friday he would contact the network later . He had not issued a statement or called back as of Sunday . CNN 's Jason Morris , Carma Hassan and Andreas Preuss contributed to this report .	"  Slip and capture " explains why deputy shot suspect , investigator says Sheriff 's office says a reserve deputy thought he had pulled out a Taser Instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital
CNN  -- Hosts Argentina remain winless at the 2011 Copa America after being held to a 0-0 draw by Colombia in Sante Fe on Wednesday . The result left Sergio Batista 's team second in Group A on two points , with Hernan Gomez 's Colombia leading the way on four . Striker Dayro Moreno wasted a golden opportunity to give Colombia all three points , but the 25-year-old could only fire wide from 12 yards with the goal gaping . It was another frustrating result for two-time world champions Argentina , after La Albiceleste could only draw 1-1 with Bolivia in their opening match . Despite calling on attacking talents such as FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi , Manchester City 's Carlos Tevez and Sergio Aguero of Atletico Madrid , Argentina were unable to truly trouble Luis Martinez in the Colombia goal . The home team 's night was summed up on 80 minutes , when Barcelona 's Messi blazed a free kick 20 yards over the crossbar from the corner of the penalty area . A win for Bolivia in Thursday 's other Group A clash against Costa Rica will mean Argentina have to secure three points in their final group game -- against Costa Rica -- to stand any chance of progressing into the quarterfinals . "  No one expected this kind of game , " Batista told the tournament 's official web site . "  Nothing comes out the way we expected . "  We have a game against Costa Rica , and we can have five points to qualify . We need to keep calm , think it is a final and come out with this mentality . " Batista , who was part of Argentina 's World Cup winning squad in 1986 , also defended Messi , who has struggled to replicate his stunning club form for the national team . "  He has no space because opponents know how to play and close in the defence . "	Argentina could only manage a 0-0 draw against Colombia in Santa Fe in Wednesday Sergio Batista 's side are second in Group A on two points Argentina face potential elimination from the tournament in the first round
CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council passed a resolution on Tuesday aimed at combating piracy along the Horn of Africa by allowing military forces to chase pirates onto land in cases of "  hot pursuit . " French troops on the lookout for pirates in the Gulf of Aden on November 25 . Military forces from various countries , including the United States , are patrolling pirate-infested waters off Somalia , where attacks have surged this year . Nearly 100 vessels have come under fire , according to the International Maritime Bureau , and almost 40 vessels have been hijacked . The Security Council resolution , which passed unanimously , expands upon existing counter-piracy tools , including a stipulation that would allow for national and regional military forces to chase pirates onto land -- specifically into Somalia where many of the pirates are based . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was at the U.N. on Tuesday for a discussion of the piracy problem and the Security Council vote . "  I would n't be here seeking authorization to go ashore if the U.S. government -- perhaps most importantly the president of the United States -- were not behind this resolution , " Rice said after the vote . Asked if she thought U.S. troops would soon be on land chasing pirates , Rice would not speculate . "  The United States is part of an international effort , " she said . "  We do have naval forces that have been involved in this effort . What this  resolution  does is to authorize that the boundary of the maritime can not become a safe haven boundary for pirates . What we do -- or do not do -- in issues like hot pursuit , we 'll have to see ... case by case . " Earlier , in remarks to the Security Council , Rice described the growing problem of piracy off the coast of Somalia as "  a symptom . " "  It 's a symptom of the instability , the poverty , the lawlessness that have plagued Somalia for the past two decades , " she said , adding that the Bush administration "  does believe that the time has come for the United Nations to consider and authorize a peacekeeping operation . " Asked about reports that two more ships were attacked by pirates this week , Rice said those show "  the increasing problem that this is . The pirates are a threat to commerce , they are a threat to security and perhaps most importantly they are a threat to the principle of freedom of navigation on the seas . " With increased patrols in the area by several countries , reports of exchanges of fire have become more frequent . In one of the most recent piracy attacks , Indian officials said Saturday they had captured 23 people suspected of trying to take over a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden . In addition to the 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni suspects , Indian navy officials also seized two small boats and "  a substantial cache of arms and equipment , " the Indian military said in a statement .	Military forces from various countries are patrolling pirate-infested waters off Somalia Nearly 100 vessels have come under fire in the area , with almost 40 being hijacked The resolution allows national , regional military forces to chase pirates into Somalia U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Bush backed the move
CNN  I was a copygirl in my fourth month at the Chicago Daily News , my second assigned to the city desk . It had become my custom at 4 o'clock , when the city desk secretary left for the day , to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for the day . It was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on Thursday , April 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks . The second city editor , Guy Housley , was to my left . To my right , perhaps 6 feet away , the telegraph editor , George Dodge . At 4:50 , the old-fashioned upright "  candlestick " telephone on his desk rang -- the direct line The Associated Press used to alert editors to major news events . He answered , replaced the bell-like receiver on its hook and said to everyone in general and no one in particular , "  Roosevelt is dead . " The silence of shock . Until Dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the Tube Room , with its row of Associated Press Teletype machines . Housley said , "  Clear the decks for action . " The words had barely cleared his lips when City Editor Clem Lane half-ran back into the city room . Hal O'Flaherty , director of the Daily News Foreign Service , was only a step or two behind . The door of the managing editor 's office that opened into the city room flew open , and Managing Editor Everett Norlander joined them around the copy desk , where Dodge was editing the bulletin . Lane wheeled toward the rewrite desk . "  Cleveland ! Get downstairs . Get the reaction . " The main entrance to the Chicago Daily News building also served as the main entrance to the Northwestern Railroad terminal , with its commuter trains to the North Shore communities . A veritable sea of lemmings would be coming up that marble incline for the next hour . Not that Charlie Cleveland could linger . The Daily News , an afternoon newspaper , was strictly limited in the hours it could publish . Only an hour or so remained for EXTRAs . I knew clips would be needed and ran to the library , the old "  morgue . " They 'd heard and had a splay of white envelopes on President Franklin D. Roosevelt -- big and bulging -- spread out . They had one , as I recall -- a small one -- on Harry S. Truman . I grabbed it and ran back down the corridor . Bob Lewin , who usually handled labor stories , had been told "  to do something on the new president . " He opened the Truman envelope , spread out the newspaper clippings and reached for one of the "  books " in a wire basket within easy reach of reporters and rewritemen : five sheets of copy paper stapled together , with four sheets of carbon paper between . To be rolled into typewriters and have the necessary copies : the top one for the editor , a carbon copy for the reporter 's reference and three others for distribution to various editors or news desks Lewin 's eyes moved over the clippings , evaluating , rejecting , selecting , deciding what to use . At last , he started typing . Because of the time pressure , the story would be done in "  short takes " : two , maybe three paragraphs at a time . He wrote : "  The new President -- the 33d in the history of the United States -- is Harry S. Truman . "  He was automatically elevated to the presidency on the death of President Roosevelt . "  Truman will be 61 on May 8 . " Lewin ripped the book out of the typewriter roller . I left him the bottom page for reference and rushed the top page to Lane . Back by Lewin , I read over his shoulder : "  Born in Lamar , Mo. , Truman 's political rise was spectacular . "  He was relatively little known outside of his home state when he was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1934 . He had the backing of the late Tom "  Boss " Prendergast , of the Kansas City machine . This time , Lewin gave me a nod . I pulled out the book , the typewriter roller ratcheting protest . After two more takes , Lane said , "  Okay , that 's it . " Cleveland was back . The cricket-like click click click of typewriter keys at the rewrite desk drew me , and I stood by to take his story to Lane : "  Word of President Roosevelt 's death struck Chicago late this afternoon with numbing suddenness . "  Within a few minutes after the bulletins came to The Daily News , the office switchboards were swamped with calls for verification . "  So great were the number of calls , that the lines became clogged and many queries could not be handled . "  Many of the callers spoke as if disbelieving the report -- as if it were some wildly spread rumor . "  The same kind of uncertainty was noticed in the faces of the crowds thronging homeward . Word passed from one to another : " ` Did you hear that ? Roosevelt is dead ? Is it true ' ? " Cleveland 's story delivered , I returned to the city desk to help with the calls . Many , as he had mentioned , from people wanting to know whether it was true but some from reporters and beat men who 'd been heading home , reporting the reaction where they were . A copyboy rushed around the room , dropping off copies of the first EXTRA -- the simple news in a 76-point-type headline : ROOSEVELT DEAD Statements began coming in from local officials and civic leaders , a few phoned in but most from the City News Bureau , which served the Chicago newspapers with local news as the wire services did with national news . I sorted through the multiple copies , separating them into ever-growing stacks . The second EXTRA was dropped off . ROOSEVELT DEAD With the subhead : Dies at 63 of Hemorrhage in Georgia The last EXTRA had a three-column photo of Roosevelt , edged in black , a two-column of Truman and a story on the president 's death and funeral plans . As the editors talked , I heard one ask , "  What kind of president do you think he 'll make ? " And O'Flaherty , director of the Daily News Foreign Service , said , "  If there 's anything to the American system , the man will rise to the office . " I 've thought of that through the years as Truman has risen in the opinion of presidential historians . The atom bomb . The Marshall Plan . The Berlin Airlift . The Truman Doctrine . Recognition of the state of Israel . Desegregation of the armed services . Ordering U.S. forces to oppose the invading forces when North Korea crossed the 38th Parallel and invaded South Korea , then organizing a United Nations army . Firing Douglas MacArthur . I continued to sort the statements from officials . Lane asked me to take one set down to Lloyd Lewis . The chief editorial writer had a corner office at the far end of the long office corridor . I found him sitting in the dark , looking out the window at the Chicago skyline . Sensing my presence , he said , "  I wonder what the world will be like without him . " "  I do n't know , sir . " In the dusk , the quiet , I suspect he did n't expect an answer , but I thought about Franklin Delano Roosevelt , who served in the White House for an unprecedented 12 years . "  He 's the only president I can remember . " He turned , saw me in the doorway , a teenager in penny loafers , a cardigan sweater and a pleated plaid skirt , and said with a nod , "  Of course . " I gave him the statements and updated him on the latest news . "  The funeral train will bring his body up from Georgia ... to Washington , I mean . " The next morning , I turned to the editorial page to see what he 'd written . Lewis took his cue from Roosevelt 's address to a joint session of the Congress following his trip to Yalta . The headline : "  It has been a long journey . I trust you will agree it has been a fruitful one . " Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly quoted FDR 's age in the Chicago Daily News subhead . He was 63 .	President Franklin D. Roosevelt died suddenly 70 years ago April 12 in Warm Springs , Georgia Lauder : He was longest-serving president in history ; impact was felt immediately and personally
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban insurgents seized an Afghan pilot and nine foreign nationals from a transport helicopter after it was forced to make an emergency landing late Sunday night in eastern Afghanistan , authorities said . The private helicopter , that was used to carry food and other items for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  , was headed to Kabul from a NATO base in Khost province when it was forced to land in Azra district in neighboring Logar province , said the district 's governor , Hamidullah Hamid . On board were seven Turkish engineers and three pilots : an Afghan and two Russians . Because it 's not always safe to travel by road in areas with heavy militant activity , engineers and others will often hitch rides in helicopters delivering supplies . Taliban storm Afghan police checkpoint ; kill 6 The aircraft landed in Logar because of equipment malfunction , said Din Mohammad Darwesh , the spokesman for the Logar province 's governor . The Taliban immediately surrounded the chopper and took the nine occupants hostage . Local officials enlisted the help of tribal elders to secure their release , Darwesh said . The Taliban , in a text message to news outlets , said the group forced the helicopter down . John Manley , an ISAF spokesman , would only say that a civilian aircraft went down in eastern Afghanistan and that the alliance was "  assisting . " The Turkish foreign ministry said it could not confirm the involvement of the Taliban or whether several of its citizens had been taken hostage . It said it was looking into the reports and will have more information later Monday . Road side bomb kills 7 in Afghanistan CNN 's Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report .	NEW : On board are 7 Turkish engineers , 2 Russian pilots and an Afghan pilot Chopper is headed to Kabul from Khost It develops equipment malfunction , an official says In text message to news outlets , Taliban says it forced the chopper to land
What makes a truly fun theme park ? Is it the rides , the size of the budget , the staff in big-eared costumes hugging kids ? For Stefan Zwanzger , who 's visited no fewer than 264 parks in 92 countries in his guise as "  The Theme Park Guy " -- a self-funded roving reviewer of gated entertainment centers around the world -- it 's when all of the above combine to work their magic . "  A great theme park is one you leave and do n't forget about instantly , " he tells CNN . "  I 'm really curious about the whole experience . "  I wonder about the atmosphere that 's been created and what the vision for the park is . " The German-born Zwanzger , who grew up in Munich and who has lived in Berlin , Dubai and London , says he judges a theme park not just on the quality of the rides but on whether the attraction 's creators achieved the vision and atmosphere they set out to create . "  A good ride is like a good movie , it surprises you , " he says . "  There should be at least one unexpected twist in the story . There are very few good rides out there in the world -- most are predictable . "  A standalone ride on its own for me has little fun factor , I really like theme parks because they 're not fun fairs . "  Fun fairs are a collection of rides . A theme park is a gated experience , and the moment you pass through the gates you should be entering a different world . And if this world surprises or inspires you , then it 's fun . " Here are Zwanzger 's top 10 "  funnest " theme parks : 1 . Tokyo DisneySea  Urayasu , Japan Zwanzger says : "  This park is based around a truly unique concept , with science fiction author Jules Verne at its center . "  Verne lived in the 19th century and wrote futuristic novels , and large parts of this park are modeled after the way he was imagining the future back then -- it recreates a future that 's never existed . "  It 's impeccably themed with erupting volcanoes , giant drilling machines and Jules Verne-themed rides . There 's also a Middle Eastern corner , an Adventure/Indiana Jones corner and a Mediterranean Harbor -- everything in the park is based on stories about the sea . "  I love Disney parks , but DisneySea really stands out because it 's markedly character free . It has the Disney budget , talent and vision , but tells a completely different story than Donald and Mickey . "  It 's a great collection of rides with the world 's best theming and you can really see a huge budget at work . " Tokyo DisneySea , 1-13 Maihama , Urayasu , Chiba Prefecture , Japan ; +81 570-008-632 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 2 . Atlantis Paradise Island  Nassau , Bahamas Zwanzger says : "  This is n't too different from the other Atlantis park in Dubai , but this is the better one . "  It 's a casino resort , but you feel that the casino is just 2 % of the park and the other 98 % is slot machine-free fun , with meticulous theming and incredible attention to detail . "  Atlantis has a wonderful combination of aquariums featuring huge tanks and a vast variety of fish with a beach resort and a very well-themed water park that 's completely up to Disney standards . "  If you want a theme park vacation by the beach , this is the place to go . " Atlantis Paradise Island , 1 Casino Drive , Paradise Island , Bahamas ; +1 242-363-3000 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 3 . Disneyland  Anaheim , California Zwanzger says : "  This simply is the original . Just think about the entrepreneurship and risk-taking involved when Walt Disney set this up . "  He put a German castle at the end of an American high street and it became a role model for theme parks around the world until today . "  In China and other places around the world they 're still copying what he did . "  That park opened in 1955 and it changed so much , it basically created this industry , and visiting it and seeing a lot of the original structures still standing is a very special feeling . " Disneyland ,1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714-781-4565 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 4 . Europa-Park  Rust , Germany Zwanzger says : "  Europa-Park is unique because it 's managed to create an immersive experience without using any major intellectual properties for support . "  They 've created various lands based on European countries and the continent 's culture , history and architecture . "  It 's a unique and great concept that is very successful and does n't need any film studios or cartoon characters . "  It 's really good for people who do n't travel that much , they can come to Europa-Park and experience all the different architecture and cuisines found throughout Europe . "  Think world exhibition with rides and highly themed local villages . " Europa-Park , Europa-Park-Strasse 2 , Rust , Germany ; +49 7822 776688 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 5 . Tropical Islands  Krausnick , Germany Zwanzger says : "  This park is housed in a huge hangar originally constructed to build cargo airships . "  The company went bust before the first ship had ever been built , so they were left with the vast hangar some 50 kilometers south of Berlin -- and no one knew what to do with it . "  Then a Malaysian investor came along and used it to create an Asian-themed indoor water park with a beach . "  Water parks with an Asian theme and palm trees and beaches are fairly normal , but when you see this place in the winter time with all the Germans and Czechs and Poles sitting there in a tropical environment staring up at that gigantic ceiling , it feels like a Mars colony . " Tropical Islands , Tropical-Islands-Allee 1 , Krausnick , Germany ; +49 35477 605050 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 6 . Cedar Point  Sandusky , Ohio Zwanzger says : "  This is a classic , American coaster paradise . It 's like being at a coaster trade show , with all the rides assembled . "  If you talk about fun amusement parks based on roller coasters and thrill rides and your focus is not on stories or atmosphere -- this the greatest park to go to . " Cedar Point , 1 Cedar Point Drive , Sandusky , Ohio ; +1 419-627-2350 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 7 . Sochi Park Adventureland  Sochi , Russia Zwanzger says : "  I 've only been here before the Winter Olympics when the park was still under construction , but I 'm really looking forward to going back . "  This is Russia 's first ever theme park , and it 's an ambitious project with a big budget and quality rides imported from Europe . "  So many theme parks think they need an intellectual property , so they get characters running around , hugging the kids , but I think the creators can be much more bold and try something else , like theming it around the history of a country or region . "  This is what they 've tried to do here -- create a window on Russia . I 've been to Russia many times and I think it 's a super fascinating country . "  For an amusement park-loving person this will certainly be a great place to see before exploring the rest of the country . "  Russia needs more tourists and contrary to all the bad press they always get , Russian people are great hosts and it 's a joy to visit there . " Sochi Park Adventureland , Str . Ostrowski , 23 , Sochi , Russia ; +7 988 3603868 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 8 . Oct East  Shenzhen , China Zwanzger says : "  This huge theme park is China 's answer to Disney . "  There 's two levels , seaside and mountain , connected with a really stunning funicular train , creating an amusement park spread over a vast area . I 've never seen anything as big as this except in Disney World . "  Not everything is the highest quality , but they have some good rides , many of them imported , and it 's just so big and spectacular , particularly the view from the top . "  Everyone who visits Hong Kong and loves theme parks should make their way over there , it 's about 45 minutes from the Hong Kong-China border by taxi . " Oct East , Yantian , Shenzhen , Guangdong , China ; +86 755 2660 0248 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 9 . Happy Zone  Yangon , Myanmar Zwanzger says : "  This is a very low budget theme park and that 's what makes it so much fun . When you combine low budget and the passion of the creators , sometimes beautiful things arrive . "  The ghost train here is really scary . As you move forward everything brushes your face , the ghosts are practically falling into your car . "  There 's such an overdose of ghosts and puppets , it 's one of the funnest things I 've ever done . "  If anyone goes to Myanmar , first of all they should meet the people and experience the country , of course , but Happy Zone in Yangon is really worth the side trip . It 's really a beautiful experience . " Happy Zone , People 's Park , Dhama Zedi Road , Yangon , Myanmar ; +95 973009488 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review 10 . Buffalo Bill 's Resort and Casino  Primm , Nevada Zwanzger : "  This is another classic . I love the location , because it 's really in the middle of nowhere . "  If you drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas , right after the Nevada border you see a lone casino and there 's a huge coaster sticking out of it . And , heck , that coaster is wild . "  When you pass from California to Nevada , laws differ wildly . You 're really crossing an open border and this coaster represents this in many ways . "  You 've this ruthless ride standing in the desert that shakes you up before allowing you to continue to Vegas to do all the things you ca n't do in California . "  I like the entrepreneurship of putting a casino and coaster in the middle of nowhere . If that entrepreneur is still alive , I 'd love to meet them . " Buffalo Bill 's Resort and Casino , 31900 Las Vegas Blvd. . S. , Primm , Nevada ; +1 702 386 7867 ; Read Zwanzger 's full review	Stefan Zwanzger , aka the Theme Park Guy , travels the world in search of the best gated fun parks Tokyo DisneySea tops his list of favorites for "  impeccable theming " that includes erupting volcanoes The original theme park , Disneyland makes his list , as does Happy Zone , a low-budget park in Myanmar
CNN  -- European Union leaders agreed to earmark 12 more individuals for visa restrictions and asset freezes in the second stage of their four-step plan to prompt Russia to renege on its annexation of Crimea . The list , which brings the total number of those targeted to 33 , puts the Union on a position closer to the United States . The U.S. also added to its tally of targets on Thursday , tightening the noose around President Vladimir Putin 's inner circle . Two EU officials confirmed exclusively to CNN that the Speaker of Russia 's Upper House , Valentina Matryienko , was among those set to be slapped with sanctions , as was the Deputy Prime Minister Dmirty Rogozin . Other names among the new additions included two key aides to Putin , Sergey Glazyev and Vladislav Surkov , as well as Dmitry Kisilev , a TV anchor known for his provocative views . EU members agreed unanimously on the candidacy of some the figures put forward after several hours around the negotiating table at a working dinner which ended after midnight on Thursday . But some of bloc 's 28 states expressed reservations on the names put forward for fear of Russian retaliation , the aides said . Rogozin , in particular , the official said , was almost blocked by Cyprus and Slovakia , with the latter securing the right to allow him access to its country for meetings of an energy cooperation forum he chairs , one of the officials said . Malta also expressed concern about an unnamed candidate for sanctions , but withdrew its objection . CNN also understands that family members - considered key to the efficacy of any measures - were not explicitly mentioned amid questions about the legality of such a move and the viability of placing travel bans on individuals , who in some occasions are already resident inside the EU . And for those expecting swathes of Russian industry to feel the brunt of Europe 's indignation , there may be disappointment . Despite the US 's move to penalise Bank Rossiya , chief executives of the country 's largest companies , like Gazprom , Rosneft and VTB Bank , will not feature on the EU 's additional file . What 's more : Mr Putin 's Chief of Staff Sergey Ivanov and his Minister of Defense Sergey Shoigu -- already frozen out by America -- were left off Europe 's list for fear of sending a bellicose signal to Russia . With many , disparate nations to consider , including some post-Soviet states , the EU has the tough job of balancing competing interests whilst ensuring no one single state will suffer disproportionately from the fallout its sanctions will bring . This week 's steps form part of a four stage process , which will also see Europe punish Russia 's financial sector , its energy industry , trade , and its arms business , should the country not respond , people familiar with the discussions confirmed . Dos Santos : EU should leave trade alone Sanctions on Russia : Would World Cup boycott hit harder ?	CNN exclusive : 12 more individuals to face asset freezes and visa bans Two key aides to President Vladimir Putin and controversial TV anchor on the list 33 officials are now targeted by the EU sanctions against Russia
CNN  -- Pirates have hijacked a Norwegian tanker off the coast of Madagascar and are steering the ship toward Somalia , the ship 's owner said . The captain of the UBT Ocean called the technical director for Broevigtank , the company that owns the ship , and reported that pirates had come aboard Friday , said Svenn Pederson , CEO of Broevigtank . Contact with the captain has since been lost . But the company has been tracking the vessel . Pederson said the ship was carrying fuel destined for Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and has 21 crew members aboard .	Pirates hijack Norwegian tanker UBT Ocean off the coast of Madagascar They are steering the ship toward Somalia , the ship 's owner says Captain of tanker reported that pirates had come aboard on Friday Ship was carrying fuel destined for Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , and has 21 crew members
CNN  A newly distributed ISIS release appears to show the decapitated body of captive Japanese journalist Kenji Goto , after an English-language lecture is given by masked ISIS member "  Jihadi John " to the people of Japan . The video , 67 seconds long , was released Saturday as others before it , by ISIS media wing Al Furqan Media , and can not be authenticated by CNN . "  We are deeply saddened by this despicable and horrendous act of terrorism and we denounce it in the strongest terms , " Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in Tokyo , according to broadcaster NHK . "  To the terrorists , we will never , never forgive them for this act . " He said that Japan will continue to provide humanitarian aid to countries affected by the bloody fight against ISIS . Goto 's mother , Junko Ishido , said he wanted to help create a world without wars . "  I 'm shedding tears of sorrow , I just ca n't think of any words to say . But I do n't want this sorrow to create a chain of hatred , " she said , NHK reported . The video opens with a black slate that reads , "  A Message to Japan . " The video then shows a kneeling Goto wearing an orange outfit . The man known as "  Jihadi John " is standing behind him . The terrorist speaks while holding a knife in his left hand . "  Abe , because of your reckless decision to take part in an unwinnable war , this knife will not only slaughter Kenji , but will also carry on and cause carnage wherever your people are found . So let the nightmare for Japan begin , " the man says . The video cuts to black as the militant puts the knife to Goto 's throat . It then shows the apparent result of the decapitation . It 's not clear who conducted the apparent killing . The knife-wielding masked man with a London accent , nicknamed "  Jihadi John , " has issued threats and overseen the beheadings of other captives . He has appeared in at least six videos with hostages . New questions raised about ` Jihadi John ' The fate of a Jordanian pilot captured by ISIS in Syria , Moath al-Kasasbeh , was unclear . He is not mentioned in the video . ISIS had been demanding that Jordan exchange a convicted terrorist , Sajida al-Rishawi , for the pilot . If there was no swap , ISIS said it would kill al-Kaseasbeh first , then Goto . Goto would be the second Japanese hostage to be killed by ISIS recently . A video file posted online a week ago by a known ISIS supporter shows an image of Goto holding a photo of what appeared to be the corpse of his fellow captive , Haruna Yukawa . U.S. President Barack Obama called the act a "  heinous murder . " "  We stand today in solidarity with Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people in denouncing this barbaric act , " the President said in a written statement . "  We applaud Japan 's steadfast commitment to advancing peace and prosperity in the Middle East and globally , including its generous assistance for innocent people affected by the conflicts in the region . " The 47-year-old Goto left Japan last fall , when his youngest daughter was 3 weeks old . His wife , Rinko , first heard from his captors December 2 . Jordanian officials have said they are willing to swap al-Rishawi -- a female jihadist imprisoned in Jordan for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception that killed dozens -- for the pilot . But Jordan 's key condition is proof that al-Kaseasbeh is still alive . Al-Kaseasbeh was captured after he ejected from his F-16 jet last month near Raqqa , the extremist group 's de facto capital in Syria . Fahed al-Kaseasbeh , an uncle of the pilot , told CNN : "  I am sad and devastated to hear this news , regardless of the nationality of the person . I am sad about this act of the beheading of any human . Also , I am very worried about the well-being of the son of my brother , my nephew . " CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Ali Younes and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report .	Mother says her son wanted a world without war Video has not been authenticated by CNN Japan leader says nation will never forgive ISIS
CNN  -- Less than a decade after Radiohead offered up "  In Rainbows " with a pay-what-you-want model , the group 's frontman , Thom Yorke , is now selling a surprise new album via BitTorrent . The record , "  Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes , " is available now at the pay-gated cost of $ 6 . A video for the album 's first track "  A Brain in a Bottle , " which expands on the haunting vocals and glitchy electronic music of Yorke 's 2006 debut album "  The Eraser , " is available for free . A link to buy the record on vinyl is also included . A step-by-step guide explains how to get the record . Thom Yorke Talks Radiohead , Atoms for Peace With Daniel Craig The singer said in a joint statement with his Atoms for Peace collaborator , producer Nigel Godrich , that he hoped it would help regain control of file sharing . "  It 's an experiment to see if the mechanics of the system are something that the general public can get its head around , " they said . "  If it works well , it could be an effective way of handing some control of Internet commerce back to people who are creating the work , enabling those people who make either music , video or any other kind of digital content to sell it themselves -LSB- and -RSB- bypassing the self-elected gatekeepers . "  If it works , anyone can do this exactly as we have done , " Yorke and Godrich continued . "  The torrent mechanism does not require any server uploading or hosting costs or ` cloud ' malarkey . It 's a self-contained embeddable shop front . The network not only carries the traffic , it also hosts the file . The file is in the network . " In this model , the music publisher covers transaction fees , while BitTorrent takes 10 percent after that . The artist is then able to keep any data about its fans -- impressions , downloads , stream info , email addresses -- and they 're allowed to publish in any format . A BitTorrent press release compares this to models where online distributors take 40 percent of payment and keep all associated info . Earlier this week , Yorke and Godrich both posted a picture of a mysterious , unlabeled white vinyl , with fans speculating if it was for Yorke 's album or a new Radiohead project . "  Tomorrow 's Modern Boxes " track list : 1 . "  A Brain in a Bottle " 2 . "  Guess Again ! " 3 . "  Interference " 4 . "  The Mother Lode " 5 . "  Truth Ray " 6 . "  There Is No Ice  For My Drink  " 7 . "  Pink Section " 8 . "  Nose Grows Some " See the original story at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Thom Yorke unveiled a new solo album via BitTorrent He joins Beyonce in unannounced releases Yorke encourages other artists to follow
CNN  -- Peter J. Goutiere was just shy of 30 years old when he piloted a Douglas C-47 , the military designation of the venerable commercial DC-3 , from Miami to Kolkata , India . The C-47 was the 100th to be delivered to the China National Aviation Corporation , or CNAC . It was 1944 . The United States had been at war since December 7 , 1941 . CNAC had been at war long before that . The Japanese invaded China in 1937 . Like airlines all over the globe would do as World War II unfolded , CNAC , based in Hong Kong , shifted its operations to military service as the Japanese closed in on Shanghai and southern China . Young pilot ` too old ' for service For a young Goutiere , of Katonah , New York , the delivery flight of this C-47 , Douglas Serial Number 20806/Line Number 4193 , would be his own entry into the war zone . He 'd been rejected by the U.S. Army Air Corps when he volunteered after the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor ; he was too old , having missed the 26-and-a-half age cutoff . Rebuffed , he joined Pan American Air Ferries , a subsidiary of the storied airline set up to ferry all types of airplanes to the U.S. armed forces and allies . Goutiere ferried planes from the United States to Africa after joining Pan Am , but Ship 100 would take him to India , the jumping-off point to combat areas . The ferry flight of Ship 100 -- a short-range , twin-engine aircraft , designed to seat 21 passengers -- took 90 flight hours over 14 days . Goutiere flew via South America , Ascension Island in the mid-Atlantic , through Africa and on to India . In December 1942 , Goutiere began flying for CNAC from India over the Himalayas to China , a dangerous routing call "  the Hump , " ferrying supplies for Chinese and U.S. troops and the U.S. Army Air Corps , for the rest of the war . A round trip took about seven hours . "  There were three enemies , " Goutiere told CNN . "  Mountains , Japanese and the weather . Weather is what did the most damage . " Goutiere flew Ship 100 on some of his 680 missions through September 1945 , when Japan surrendered . Flying through history The last time Goutiere saw Ship 100 was in 1945 -- until 69 years later , when on September 4 he arrived in Everett , Washington , at the Historic Flight Foundation  HFF  in the shadow of Boeing 's giant wide-body plant at Paine Field . HFF acquired Ship 100 in 2006 and was preparing to fly the airplane to the annual CNAC reunion in San Francisco . After doing a walk-around inspection of the plane , Goutiere , family members and a small entourage piled into the historic aircraft for the flight to San Francisco , which took just less than five hours . The flight underscored advances in aviation technology . A flight leaving the Seattle area in a modern jetliner , for instance , would travel well past Chicago in five hours . The flight started off at 2,500 feet outside of Everett and over the Cascade Mountains in Northwest Oregon before hitting turbulence . Cruising at about 160 knots  roughly 185 mph  with no auto-pilot and using only visual flight rules , passengers felt their ears popping due to no pressurization in the cabin . After diverting around wildfires in the Mount Shasta area of northern California , the aircraft climbed to 13,800 feet to avoid restricted air space reserved for aerial tankers . American , Chinese WWII pilots embrace at historic reunion Upon arrival at San Francisco International Airport , the plane was met by legendary CNAC C-47 pilot Moon Chin , who set a record during the war for evacuating 71 people fleeing the Japanese . One of the 71 was a U.S. Army Air Corps colonel named Jimmy Doolittle , who was making his way back to Allied lines after America 's first offensive mission against Japan following the attack on Pearl Harbor -- the famous air raid on Tokyo in April 1942 . Chin and Goutiere embraced and exchanged smiles and warm words in advance of celebrating the CNAC with scores of relatives of CNAC employees and families and others on hand to honor the men and women who took part in this theater of World War II . Goutiere and Chin are the sole remaining pilots who flew for the CNAC during World War II . Goutiere , who still resides in Katonah , will be 100 this month . Chin , now 102 , lives in Hillsborough , California . Extreme hazards While flying during the war , C-47s were unarmed . Goutiere carried only a .45 caliber pistol . He never was shot at and only iced up once , with four tons , forcing him from 18,000 feet to 12,000 feet . The dependable C-47 carried him to safety . The flying was n't a cakewalk , however , and the Hump is littered with wreckage of airplanes that were brought down by weather or flying into the mountains . Ironically , good weather was n't a good omen , either . "  A clear day was dangerous , " Goutiere recalled . "  Japanese Zeros would come out , so we began flying at night . We did 15 to 18 trips a month . As we began to understand the weather , CNAC lost one aircraft a month " The planes had to thread their way through dangerous mountain passes . They were usually overloaded with supplies or fuel . Goutiere , along with his fellow pilots , delivered gasoline to American Boeing B-29 air bases , staging areas for bombing raids over Japan . Sometimes , under the demands of war , pilots took to the skies alone , Goutiere among them . The conga line of airplanes worked hand-in-hand with the American Volunteer Group  AVG  , more commonly known as the Flying Tigers . CNAC was a principal source of fuel for the Tigers . Turbulent history for C-47 When the war ended , Ship 100 was converted to passenger configuration and entered CNAC 's peacetime service . But the civil war between the Chinese Nationalists under Chiang Kai-Shek and the Communists under Mao Tse-tung , which began before World War II and only moderated during the fight against the Japanese , resumed . CNAC helped evacuate Chiang 's family to Taiwan  then called Formosa  when it became clear Mao and the Communists would soon claim victory . CNAC 's fleet evacuated from China to Hong Kong during the closing days of the civil war . Lawsuits were filed over ownership and the fleet was tied up in courts for two years . A few airplanes remained airworthy during the limbo , including Ship 100 . Saboteurs placed small bombs on these to prevent them from being flown into Communist China . Some failed to go off -- but one on Ship 100 did , damaging the fairing behind the right engine . Legal ownership was eventually resolved and Ship 100 was sold to Johnson & Johnson , the U.S. consumer goods company . The airplane was modified , adding landing gear doors to streamline aerodynamics and an elongated nose to accommodate radar . Historic Flight Foundation locates plane By 2006 , the aircraft had changed hands several more times and was owned by an aircraft broker in New York . John Sessions , founder of the Historic Flight Foundation , was looking for a DC-3 to add to the HFF collection of airworthy aircraft . HFF focuses on the 1937-1957 era of significant military and civil advances in aviation . Sessions wanted aircraft that were n't only from this era , but aircraft with a history . Ship 100 filled the bill . Sessions had the gear doors removed and replaced the "  Pinocchio " nose with a standard DC-3 nose fabricated from scratch . The airliner was painted in Pan Am colors  his late wife worked for Pan Am  ; Pan Am owned 45 % of CNAC until after WWII . HFF takes the DC-3 to air shows and offers rides . But the CNAC reunion became a special occasion , and Ship 100 's flight from Everett to San Francisco became its longest in years at just less than five hours . For Goutiere , the reunion with Ship 100 was as important as the CNAC reunion in San Francisco . "  I was home , " an emotional Goutiere told the reunion . "  I was homesick . " You can fly on a combat-scarred Vietnam icon Who is Pfc. Clarence Merriott and why was his Purple Heart for sale ? Scott Hamilton is an aviation author and consultant based in the Seattle area .	WWII U.S. pilot Peter Goutiere flies in his old Douglas C-47 aircraft from Seattle area to San Francisco Flight part of reunion of the famed China National Aviation Corp. . The plane is owned by the Historic Flight Foundation of Everett , Washington Moon Chin , 102 , the CNAC 's only other living wartime pilot , greeted Goutiere upon arrival in San Francisco
Shenzhen , China  CNN  -- Three weeks ago , hip-hop star Andre Young -- better known as Dr. Dre -- made news as his Beats Electronics line , a maker of premium headphones , was valued at more than $ 1 billion thanks to an investment from the Carlyle Group . But the former N.W.A. rapper is not the only one profiting from his headphone line . Across the Pearl River Delta in southern China , counterfeit Beats are flowing out of factories , assembly workshops and shops , attracting businesspeople that sell the headphones on global markets . A CNN reporter approached wholesale companies about buying in bulk in order to learn how the underground sale of knock-off headphones works . "  Business is very good , " said a woman , who , with her family , runs a wholesale company selling copied headphones in one of Shenzhen 's many mega-malls . "  You buy cheap from me , you sell expensive in your home country , we all make a lot of money , " she added . To prove her point , she shows an Excel spread sheet on her laptop listing customers from all over the world : Italy , Denmark , United States , Canada , Dubai , Russia and more . She said she recently sold a large amount of counterfeit Beats by Dr. Dre for $ 50,000 to a British businessman who sent them to the UK by jet -- which is considerably more expensive than container ship -- and sold them as originals . While top-line Beats headphones retail for $ 400 , the Shenzhen operators interviewed sell knock-off versions wholesale for $ 70 . "  A lot of people are making a lot of money on Beats right now , " she said . Factory owners here have a nose for what 's hot and what 's not . Nearly 70 % of all fake goods -- including DVDs , clothing , and electronics goods -- seized worldwide from 2008-2010 came from China , according to the World Customs Organization . And looking at the shops in Shenzhen 's Huaqiangbei commercial district -- a destination for buying electronics , especially fakes -- Beats by Dr. Dre are definitely hot , prominently displayed next to iPhones , Samsung gear and Nikon cameras . To look at them , some are clearly fakes with poor packaging and logo color schemes that are wildly different from those well-known products . Rise of high-priced headphones Behind the shops and inside small rooms around the district , workers in their early 20s can be seen busily assembling counterfeit goods , such as smartphones and iPads . The long corridors are filled with cigarette smoke that drifts out from the tiny workshops as deliverymen rush by with their arms full of electronic components . Everywhere you hear the sound of packing tape being wrapped around cardboard boxes . The counterfeit boom is fed , these days , by the rise of high-end headphones that Dr. Dre 's audio products helped kickstart with the launch of Beats in 2008 , analysts say . Just a few years ago , few people would be ready to pay several hundred dollars for a pair of headphones . Now , with celebrities like Lady Gaga , Justin Bieber and P. Diddy putting their names to signature pairs , Beats is the hottest brand for stylish music lovers . "  Today , the premium headphone market is defined by fashion and brands as much as it is by sound quality , " Ben Arnold , director of industry analysis at market research firm NPD Group said in a recent report . "  One third of premium headphone buyers are under the age of 25 and many of these consumers view headphones as equal parts listening device and fashion accessory . " Richard Kramer , analyst at Arete Research , added that better audio quality in smartphones is also one of the main driving forces behind making high-end headphones viable . In the U.S. , sales of headphones rose by a third last year to $ 2.4 billion , with Beats by Dr. Dre making up almost 70 % of all high-end headphones during the Christmas period , according to market research firm NPD . In Europe , sales of headphones hit an all-time high in the first quarter of the year , figures from market research group GfK show , with premium headphones leading the way . Total sales increased by 9 % during Q1 on Europe 's 17 main markets to 304 million euro  US$ 410 million  , according to GfK . Real or fake headphones ? At another Shenzhen store , a sales executive at a factory and trading company , connects a pair of fake Beats Pro to her iPhone and puts them on the reporter 's head . The sound quality is surprisingly good . In the U.S. , an original pair would cost $ 400 . She offers her best quality headphones for the wholesale price of $ 70 , medium quality for $ 45 and "  so-so quality " for $ 30 . "  Medium quality is most popular , but the trend is going towards high-end . Consumers want good sound , " she said , adding that she can deliver 100 units of any Beats product by the following day . For 1,000 items it will take a week . "  Since it 's copies , we do n't want to have too much in stock , " she said . On the streets and down in the subway , in-ear Beats headphones are sold for as little as $ 1 . According to the company website , real in-ear Beats sell for $ 100 and up . Beats Electronics , the company behind the Beats by Dr. Dre brand , said in an email to CNN that the company shows "  a fierce commitment " to fight piracy and that it works in close collaboration with anti-counterfeiting organizations , police and customs authorities to identify counterfeit sellers , distributors and manufacturers on key markets . They also scan online marketplaces for unauthorized use of Beats trademarks . "  Since efforts began , Beats has seized hundreds of thousands of counterfeit products in more than 50 countries , " the company said . The U.S. government has long complained about the theft of intellectual property in China . CNN reached out to authorities in Shenzhen to ask about counterfeit sales activities , but they have not yet responded . However it appears that Chinese officials are moving to crack down on counterfeit trade . A month-long joint operation with U.S. Customs in July resulted in the seizure of more than 243,000 counterfeit products using trademarks from Beats by Dr. Dre. , Apple , Blackberry and Samsung . U.S. Customs and Border Protection said the operation was the biggest bilateral customs enforcement effort ever conducted by the U.S. . As a result , a man in New Orleans was arrested for allegedly importing counterfeit Dr. Dre headphones and selling them on Craigslist . Evading the police But in Shenzhen , the counterfeiters are working hard , too . CNN spoke with another woman involved in the trade -- a "  copy brand exports professional " according to her business card -- who helps companies to transport counterfeit goods from Shenzhen to other countries . She said she advises her customers to avoid Chinese logistic companies and always use European or American shipping companies since "  customs usually trusts these brands better . " Storeowners reveal other tricks to bypass customs . They send all Beats in two boxes ; the outer box has a made-up name to hide the real goods . "  We got the idea from a European customer , " she said . Precautions aside , in the Huaqiangbei commercial district few seem to have any moral objections about the pirating of goods . Outside the Huaqiangbei Police Station , a friendly officer in sunglasses points down the street when asked where the best fake mobile phones can be found . Asked if such purchases are legal , he just breaks out in loud laughter .	Popularity of high-priced headphones has led to a rise in fakes coming out of China CNN goes behind the scenes of sales of counterfeit Beats by Dr. Dre in Shenzhen Wholesalers sell knock-offs at $ 70 to global buyers who can resale as high as $ 400 Seller : "  Buy cheap from me , you sell expensive in your home country , we all make a lot "
CNN  We 're days past that little football game Sunday in Arizona , and it keeps trending like crazy on Facebook , which makes sense . Even if you do n't know a kicking tee from the 50-yard line , you know Super Bowl XLIX was the site of the worst coaching decision in the history of professional sports , one that kept the Seattle Seahawks from consecutive NFL titles . There is more . As of Wednesday afternoon , both the New England Patriots and the Seahawks were generating nearly 1,000 tweets per hour , and remember : This is happening in the Twitter world , where stuff that occurred five minutes ago already is ancient news . Then there was Patriots coach Bill Belichick taking time away Wednesday from his team 's victory parade in Boston to give his thoughts on the subject . Why not ? The rest of the universe is doing the same . The agony of defeat always trumps the thrill of victory when it comes to tugging at the soul . The Patriots did n't win Sunday in Glendale , Arizona . The Seahawks lost . For verification , there are a bunch of hash tags to prove it . During a 24-hour-period through Tuesday evening , there were 400 tweets per hour about the Patriots capturing a fourth Lombardi Trophy . They did so with their familiar tandem of Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady , the designated All-American boy with the supermodel wife . Yeah , well , during that same time frame , there were 2,800 tweets per hour about the Seahawks . It 's just more interesting to contemplate how the Seahawks blew a Super Bowl victory in the final seconds despite sitting inches away from a game-winning touchdown . They got that close to scoring after a catch that would make The Flying Wallendas envious . Moments later , Seattle 's offensive brain trust of head coach Pete Carroll and coordinator Darrell Bevell did their own high-wire act without a net . They decided to throw the ball into the end zone instead of giving it to explosive running back Marshawn Lynch , who basically was low risk . The ball was intercepted , and early during the afterward , I began thinking : "  I have n't seen this much grief up close and personal after a brutal loss in 23 years . " Back then , when tweets were only done by birds , the Atlanta Braves shocked the Pittsburgh Pirates with a rally out of nowhere in the bottom of the ninth inning to snatch the 1992 National League pennant . Sid Bream forgot he was the slowest man in baseball to score the game-winning run from second base at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium after he slid underneath a throw by Gold Glove left fielder Barry Bonds . The Pirates clubhouse was a morgue . Hours later , when I finished writing for the night , I peeked inside the place for a final time . It was empty -- except for Pirates center fielder Andy Van Slyke sitting motionless on a stool in the middle of the room , staring a hole into the floor . There also was 1981 , when I stood among those rubbing their eyes in Dayton , Ohio , as tiny St. Joseph used the last seconds to shove No.1-ranked DePaul out of the first round of the NCAAA basketball tournament . With tears flowing across his big face , DePaul star player Mark Aguirre ran out of the arena into the snowy afternoon . He walked all the way back to the team hotel , and I followed him for part of his journey . When I returned , DePaul coach Ray Meyer , who was nearly 70 , eased outside of his locker room , sighing heavily before reporters and looking ready to collapse any moment . The Seahawks locker room was a little of those Pirates , a little of those DePaul Blue Demons and a lot of something else : Pure anger . I was among the few reporters in the Seahawks locker room from the time it opened until we were asked to leave about an hour later . In between , I saw Seahawks players ignore protocol in these situations . Instead of saying the Earth is flat and their offensive brain trust knew what it was doing near the end , they ripped that nonrunning play like the rest of us . On one side of the Seahawks locker room , there was wide receiver Doug Baldwin blasting at will  "  All of us are surprised "  , and on the other side , there was somebody else , and then somebody else . "  I do n't understand how you do n't give  the ball  to the best back in the league , on not even the one-yard line , " said linebacker Bruce Irvin , with the body language of a guy trying to recover from the flu after getting smacked by a semi . Across the way , as teammates grumbled in and out of the shower , defensive backs Richard Sherman and Earl Thomas were more depressed than Irvin , especially Thomas . They sat frozen in their seats for the longest time , resembling this generation 's Van Slyke in my world . It could be worse . It 's not as if they are this century 's Bill Buckner and Everson Walls . To hear Buckner tell it , it took him nearly two decades to forgive Red Sox fans for cursing his name through the years after his gaffe during the 1986 World Series . Walls was a star defensive back in 1981 for the Dallas Cowboys . Even so , he still is tormented by The Catch , which was Joe Montana throwing that miracle pass over his head to Dwight Clark to push the San Francisco 49ers into the Super Bowl . At one point , quarterback Russell Wilson , who threw the interception , dropped by to console Sherman and Thomas . Then came Carroll with a few words , but nothing helped . Sherman and Thomas just sat there , thinking , hurting , wondering when this nightmare would end . Apparently not as long as it keeps trending . Which looks like forever .	Days after the Super Bowl , the chatter about the losing play goes on . Terence Moore : The ending reminds us of other dramatic reversals in sports
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , who has enjoyed Apple 's products along with millions of other Americans , Wednesday night hailed Steve Jobs as one of America 's greatest innovators , a man "  brave enough to think differently , bold enough to believe he could change the world , and talented enough to do it . " "  The world has lost a visionary . And there may be no greater tribute to Steve 's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented , " the president said in a statement . Praising Jobs ' breadth and the impact of his work from personal computers to iPhones to movie production , the president added , "  Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last . Because he did , he transformed our lives , redefined entire industries , and achieved one of the rarest feats in human history : He changed the way each of us sees the world . " This week , Obama , known for his affection for the BlackBerry , revealed he actually was a recipient of an advanced copy of the iPad 2 directly from Jobs . "  Steve Jobs actually gave it to me , a little bit early , " he told ABC 's George Stephanopoulos . "  Yeah , it was cool . I got it directly from him . " In March , CNN photographed the president holding an iPad . The president and Jobs met several times , including at a dinner in San Francisco in February with Silicon Valley executives and last year when they discussed issues revolving around technology and the economy . Many politicians also praised Jobs as the truest example of the American dream , an icon . House Speaker Rep. John Boehner , who also uses an iPad , tweeted : "  Steve Jobs changed the world for the better w/his innovations and genius . " House Majority Leader Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , tweeted , "  There is not a day that goes by , and often not an hour , that a Steve Jobs invention does not better my family 's life . Thank you Steve . " Fellow Californian Rep. Nancy Pelosi , the House minority leader , called Jobs "  a visionary who changed the way we live , an innovator whose products brought joy to millions , a risk-taker who was n't afraid to challenge the status quo , " and also said in a statement , "  His sage advice was respected by policymakers on both sides of the aisle . His courageous fight against cancer brought strength to many . " CNN Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story .	Obama on Jobs : "  He changed the way each of us sees the world " This week , Obama revealed he received an iPad 2 directly from Jobs Boehner tweets on his iPad : "  Steve Jobs changed the world for the better "
CNN  -- Satire and mockery are part of politics . Sometimes they attack not the policy but the person , going from nuanced to nasty . But surely not "  everything goes . " Promoting violence and applauding abuse -- there 's just no excuse for it . The latest uproar occurred at the Missouri State Fair , when a rodeo clown wearing an Obama mask invited the crowd to cheer if they wanted to see "  Obama run down by a bull . " "  As they were bringing the bulls into the chute and prepping them , " Perry Beam told USA Today , " ... they bring out what looks like a dummy . The announcer says ` Here 's our Obama dummy , or our dummy of Obama . They mentioned the president 's name , I do n't know , 100 times ... " Beam was there with his wife and a foreign exchange student who got a lesson in American political "  civility . " The reaction was bipartisan . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon , a and Sen. Claire McCaskill , both Democrats , weighed in with disapproval . And Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder , a Republican , said on Twitter he found the performance "  disrespectful . " That 's an understatement . "  We are better than this . " One hopes so . What are we to make , though , of a Slap Hillary website , suspiciously resurrected by an anti-Hillary PAC ? The PAC sent out tweets to reporters in hopes , I suspect , of stirring up the red meat base , get publicity , and solicit money . It provocatively asked journalists , "  Have you slapped Hillary today ? " First posted 13 years ago , the site shows a cartoon of Hillary 's face . When a button is pressed , a hand slaps her so hard she reacts like a bobble doll , her head bouncing from side to side as her eyes cross . The "  SlapHillary Team , " which hosts the "  game , " says they are "  a grass roots , nonprofit organization . " BuzzFeed 's Andrew Kaczynski did some research and found its treasurer , Christopher M. Marston , is a Republican campaign finance consultant and former member of the Bush administration . The Super PAC defended itself and posted a link to a "  Slap Palin " website . The PAC is n't contrite , saying on its website , "  We did n't see the liberal media bemoaning this "  Slap Palin " game when it came out ! They only care when it 's the candidate they support for president . " There 's something suspicious about the "  Slap Palin " site -- a paucity of comments , just 19 in 2008 and only two last year , indicates a set-up . A little more research revealed that the "  Slap Palin " is hosted on a computer at the same address in downtown Washington that hosts a "  Slap Clinton " and "  Slap Obama " site . We can perhaps relegate the "  Slap Palin-Clinton-Obama " anonymous owner to the fringe . But what are we to say when a former administration official and current campaign consultant to one of the major parties promotes violence against public figures ? It does n't matter if the website -- or rodeo clown -- encourages violence against a Democrat or a Republican , a male or female . It 's wrong . It 's vile . It 's one of the few true evils in politics . Those who promote or approve "  slapping " or "  shooting " or "  running over by a bull " any public official should be shamed and shunned . Virtual violence needs to be denounced and never justified because it 's political . Still , given the extent of domestic violence -- 25 % of American women will experience domestic violence in their lives -- encouraging people to slap or abuse female elected officials is particularly pernicious . Slapping women so hard their heads bobble is not a game , not even virtually . We need to go further , and condemn activities that show no respect for elected officials . Republican U.S. Rep. Steve Stockman of Texas ' 36th District issued an invitation to the rodeo clown to appear at a rodeo in his district . "  Liberals want to bronco bust dissent , " Stockman said . "  But Texans value speech , even if its speech they do n't agree with . " This is n't about liberals or conservatives , Congressman ; it 's about respect for elected officials , and coupling violence with ridicule . It 's one thing to use free speech to parody or satirize a politician , and another to couple violence with a deliberate showing of disrespect . When Harry Truman was campaigning in his home state of Missouri  where the rodeo clown performed  , he took questions from a high school audience . A teenage boy asked him a question about their town councilman , called him , "  Our local yokel . " Truman lit into the boy . Politics is a noble art , Truman said . It 's difficult to forge consensus and lead fighting factions for the common good . But this is what politicians do . They deserve respect . The boy was chastened , and apologized . Knowing , however , that a public scolding by a man of his stature could affect the boy 's self-esteem for a long time , Truman talked with him after the assembly , and invited him to write and tell him about his grades . They corresponded until the boy graduated college . We have to make our civic discourse civil again . We have to recognize that virtual violence masquerading as ridicule is vicious ; it 's a toxic atmosphere we allow by our silence . We hear a lot about what 's wrong with Washington . What 's wrong is n't Washington . It 's us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	A website , Slap Hillary , invites the public to slap a cartoon face of Hillary Clinton Donna Brazile : Promoting violence and applauding abuse is going too far , even in politics She says it 's wrong to promote "  slapping " or "  shooting " of any public official , female or male Brazile : We have to make our civic discourse civil again ; virtual violence is toxic for all of us
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  The captain of the first South Korean coast guard ship sent to rescue passengers from the doomed Sewol ferry has been sentenced to four years in prison for negligence . Kim Kyung-il was sentenced in the Gwangju District Court for professional negligence and making false reports , court officials said . More than 300 people died after the ferry capsized off the southwestern coast of South Korea in April , the majority of them high school students on a field trip . On arriving at the scene , Kim failed to broadcast an evacuation order through his ship 's loudspeakers and made no effort to induce passengers to abandon ship , which constituted professional negligence , a court spokesman said . He was also found guilty of making a false report by saying that he had broadcast an evacuation order when he had not . The Sewol disaster caused widespread outrage in the country over lax safety standards and the botched rescue attempt , prompting President Park Geun-Hye to promise an overhaul of national safety standards . The ferry 's captain , Lee Joon-seok , was slammed by victims ' families for leaping to safety while hundreds remained inside the sinking ferry . He was acquitted of murder in November , but found guilty of violating "  seamen 's law " and abandonment causing death and injury . He was sentenced to 36 years in jail . READ MORE : Sewol captain sentenced to 36 years READ MORE : Body of fugitive billionaire in Sewol case found	The captain of a coastguard ship sent to rescue passengers from the Sewol ferry is sentenced Kim Kyung-il is given four years for professional negligence and making false reports More than 300 people , most of them high school students , perished in the disaster
CNN  -- In 2010 , the Year of the Tiger , about 3,600 of the majestic predators remain in the wild , their existence threatened by habitat-loss and poaching . If there is one man who can give hope to a species whose numbers have plummeted from 100,000 only a century ago , it would be Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin . Beginning Sunday , Putin and the World Bank will co-host the International Forum on Tiger Conservation , bringing together the leaders of 13 nations to discuss what could be the best and last chance to save the wild tiger . The summit will feature high level officials from every major tiger country , a first in the history of tiger conservation . Putin , the former KGB officer , has a tough political image . But in the conservation community , he is first and foremost a champion of the tiger . For him this is personal . In 2008 he received a female tiger cub as a birthday gift . Mashenka spent at least three days sleeping in a wicker basket at Putin 's home before being given to a zoo . The pair met the Russian press and images of Putin with Mashenka flooded the media . In the same year , Putin ventured to Siberia 's conservation area where he got between a rampaging tigress and some volunteers . After tranquilizing the animal , he helped put a tracking collar on her and she is now featured on his personal website . "  Does she see anything ? " an official asked of the tranquilized tigress . "  Yes , she does . And she 'll remember you , " Putin joked . Barney Long , the head of the WWF U.S. Tiger Program said the scale of the summit is "  almost solely down to Putin . It is he who is reaching out , turning this from technical meetings into a real political event . " "  It 's not often that heads of government do get involved to this degree , " said Sabri Zain of TRAFFIC , an organization trying to halt illegal trafficking and poaching . Putin will be joined in St. Petersburg , Russia , by the leaders of the last remaining countries where tigers exist in the wild , Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , India , Indonesia , Cambodia , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , Nepal , Thailand , and Vietnam . That is less than 7 percent of their historic range . "  Russia is well placed to host the summit . They are already a leader in terms of taking steps to try and save their own species . The Siberian tiger is one of few success stories , " Zain said . Russia 's far east is now home to roughly 400 Siberian tigers , accounting for 9 percent of wild tigers in the world . And conservation experts agree , the world needs to know that Russia 's conservation formula -- strict legislation targeting poaching and illegal trade in tiger parts -- can find success elsewhere . But Russia too must remain vigilant , experts say . It has recently come under fire for relaxing patrol efforts against poachers . Hunters caught with slain , endangered tiger "  We know how to save tigers . What we do n't know how to do is keep the political will and financial support going . We can get a large scale reaction when a population is at the brink , but when recovery starts the pressure comes off , " said the WWF 's Long . India , too , has had some success in recovering wild tiger populations . A recent TRAFFIC report credits India with the most seizures of illegal tiger parts in the past decade , representing up to 533 animals poached , but numbers are increasing . "  In Russia and also southwest India we have seen that with a clear focused effort there is solid evidence of tiger numbers going up , " said Steven Sanderson , president of the Wildlife Conservation Society . But the tiger country with the richest economy , China , still fuels the market for tiger parts despite government efforts to curb the trade , experts say . In 1993 the Beijing government banned domestic trade in tiger bone . And tiger-based remedies have officially been taken out of medicine books . But devotees of traditional medicine linger , and demand has grown to include an array of tiger-based luxury products for China 's elite . TRAFFIC 's Zain suggests that a lack of dedication from high level officials means that China is still a prime destination for poachers trying to make a quick profit . In poorer nations like Indonesia and Myanmar , sparse resources outweigh political will , experts say . "  These countries may have the will but not the means to put the boots on the ground . Poachers drive around in SUVs with advanced satellite equipment and often police have to catch a bus , " Zain said . Conservation officials are hoping for remedies to emerge at Putin 's four-day summit . If not , experts say , the wild tiger will be extinct by the next Year of the Tiger in 2022 , and that wo n't bode well for wildlife overall , said Long . "  If we ca n't rally to save the world 's most iconic animal , how are we going to save the rest of the planet ? "	13 nations with wild tiger populations meeting in St. Petersburg , Russia Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is force behind four-day summit Wild tiger population has fallen to 3,600 from 100,000 a century ago
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Oscar said yes to "  No Country for Old Men " and to European actors on Sunday night . Actors Daniel Day-Lewis , Tilda Swinton , Marion Cotillard and Javier Bardem toast their success . "  No Country , " the Coen brothers ' brutal tale of a man pursued by death and the law across the bleak moonscapes of West Texas , won best picture at the 80th Academy Awards . The four acting awards , meanwhile , went to Europeans : Marion Cotillard , Daniel Day-Lewis , Javier Bardem and Tilda Swinton . The Coens also won best director and best adapted screenplay , and Bardem , who played cattle-gun-armed killer Anton Chigurh , won best supporting actor . Producer Scott Rudin shared the best picture award with the brothers . "  We 're very thankful to all of you out there for letting us continue to play in our corner of the sandbox , so thank you very much , " Joel Coen said in accepting the directing award . He observed that the pair did n't think they were doing much different work now from when , as a child , Ethan Coen "  got a suit and a briefcase and we went to the Minneapolis International Airport with a Super 8 camera and made a movie about shuttle diplomacy called ` Henry Kissinger , Man on the Go . ' " Watch the best of the winners ' backstage remarks " The Coens , who have been known for their arch style and oddball humor in films such as "  Fargo , " "  O Brother , Where Art Thou " and "  The Big Lebowski , " received some laughs for Ethan Coen 's laconic acceptance speeches . After the pair won for adapted screenplay , Ethan Coen gave a brief thanks . Upon winning the directing award , he expanded on his speech slightly , sort of : "  I do n't have a lot to add to what I said earlier . Thank you , " he said . Day-Lewis was more effusive in his thanks after winning best actor for his performance as a misanthropic oilman in "  There Will Be Blood . " "  My deepest thanks to the members of the Academy for whacking me with the handsomest bludgeon in town , " the British actor said as he accepted the award . "  I 've been thinking a lot about fathers and sons in the course of this , and I 'd like to accept this in the memory of my grandfather , Michael Balcon , my father , Cecil Day-Lewis , and my three fine boys , Gabriel , Ronan and Cashel , " he added . See the complete list of winners As he accepted his first Oscar , Bardem , one of Spain 's top actors , thanked his directors and reflected on his role as a creepy killer with a bad haircut . "  Thank you to the Coens for being crazy enough to think that I could do that , and to put one of the most horrible haircuts in history over my head , " he said . Watch "  No Country " win best picture " It was his second career nomination . His other came for "  Before Night Falls "  2000  , in which he played Cuban poet Reinaldo Arenas . In a mild surprise , French actress Cotillard won her first Academy Award for her portrayal of singer Edith Piaf in "  La Vie en Rose . " Early handicappers had bet heavily on veteran Julie Christie , a previous Oscar winner who played a woman falling victim to Alzheimer 's in "  Away from Her . " But Cotillard , who 's received raves for her performance as the French singer , had been considered a strong contender for best actress . "  I 'm speechless now ... I ... I ... thank you life , thank you love , " Cotillard exclaimed . "  And it is true , there are some angels in this city . Thank you so , so much ! " The actress has appeared in dozens of films in her native France , but she may be most recognizable to American audiences for her performances in "  A Very Long Engagement "  2004  and "  Big Fish "  2003  . In a highly competitive race , Swinton nabbed the best supporting actress Oscar for her portrayal as lawyer Karen Crowder in the legal drama "  Michael Clayton . " "  I have an American agent who is the spitting image of this . Really , truly , the same shape head and , it has to be said , the buttocks , " the British actress said , examining her new Oscar . "  And I 'm giving this to him because there 's no way I 'd be in America at all , ever , on a plane if it was n't for him . " See Swinton on the red carpet " Swinton beat out 83-year-old Ruby Dee , who had been considered a sentimental favorite for her first Oscar nomination in the supporting actress category , playing Mama Lucas to Denzel Washington 's drug kingpin Frank Lucas in "  American Gangster . " Swinton also beat Cate Blanchett  as a mid - '60s take on Bob Dylan in "  I 'm Not There "  and Amy Ryan  a difficult working-class mother in "  Gone Baby Gone "  . The Academy Awards opened with host Jon Stewart joking about the recently ended writers strike -- which forced a cutback in the Golden Globes and threatened the Oscars as well -- and commenting on the bleakness of the best picture nominees . "  Tonight we look beyond the dark days to focus on happier fare : This year 's slate of Oscar-nominated psychopathic killer movies , " Stewart joked . "  Does this town need a hug ? What happened ? ` No Country For Old Men , ' ` Sweeney Todd , ' ` There Will Be Blood ' ? All I can say is , thank God for -LSB- the comedy "  Juno 's " -RSB- teen pregnancy . I think the country agrees . " Check out Oscar prep photos " "  Juno " has been the little movie that could all season . The film , which cost a relatively paltry $ 7.5 million , was the only best picture nominee to top $ 100 million at the box office , ensuring it a rooting interest from moviegoers . Star Ellen Page received plaudits for her performance as the title character , and screenwriter Diablo Cody -- famously a former stripper -- has become one of Hollywood 's "  it " scribes . Cody won best original screenplay . "  This is for the writers . I want to thank all the writers . I especially want to thank my fellow nominees because I worship you guys and I 'm learning from you every day , " Cody said . The first award of the evening , for costume design , went to "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age . " The best animated feature went to "  Ratatouille , " a computer-animated Pixar film directed and written by Oscar winner Brad Bird  "  The Incredibles "  . The rat-turns-chef movie beat out "  Persepolis , " based on the graphic novel by Marjane Satrapi , and "  Surf 's Up , " a computer-animated film about penguins . "  The Counterfeiters " from Austria took the best foreign-language film . The movie is based on a true story about a counterfeiter who , after being sent to a concentration camp , was employed by the Nazis to fake other countries ' currency . Best original song was awarded to "  Falling Slowly " from "  Once . " It beat out three songs from "  Enchanted , " the Disney film about an animated princess come to life . The Oscars were spread around . "  No Country " picked up four , "  The Bourne Ultimatum " earned three  one for its rapid-fire editing  and "  There Will Be Blood " received two : Day-Lewis ' acting award and Robert Elswit 's cinematography honor . But nobody had any doubt what film was considered the evening 's big winner . "  There 's nothing like it , and especially with these two guys , " producer Rudin said backstage with the Coens of their unusual Western . "  I 'm incredibly proud , and I think it 's the best movie we have been involved with . I loved it from the first minute I saw it . " E-mail to a friend	"  No Country for Old Men " wins four awards , including best picture and director Four acting awards go to Europeans : Cotillard , Day-Lewis , Bardem and Swinton Best original screenplay is awarded to former stripper Diablo Cody for "  Juno " Host Jon Stewart jokes about the recently ended writers strike
CNN  -- For a championship with a distinctly Iberian streak , it is no surprise that South America should be high on MotoGP 's list of territories to conquer . This weekend its hordes land in Argentina for the third round of the 2014 season . This vast nation is not entirely unfamiliar with top-class motorcycle racing , but this is still very much the case of an old friend arriving unexpectedly from out of town . The last time Argentinean fans heard the roar of grand prix bikes was in 1999 , when current champion Marc Marquez was just six years old . Nevertheless , enthusiasm for the sport in these parts is clear . Spectators will be traveling to the circuit in Santiago del Estero , many by motorcycle , from across the country . Back in March , as Marquez and co. lined up on the grid for the season 's opening race in Qatar , 65,000 tickets had already been sold . The grandstands around this redesigned and redeveloped circuit -- crafted by Italian Jarno Zaffelli -- are expected to be full . "  They have done a brilliant job , " Carmelo Ezpeleta , CEO of MotoGP 's commercial rightsholder Dorna , told CNN . "  We felt a very warm welcome since the first time we started negotiating with them . " After a protracted absence the Spaniard believes the time is right for the series to return to South America , with Argentina having met the required standards of motorcycling 's ruling body the FIM . "  There is interest in MotoGP in this country , and a circuit and track at the best level possible , with FIM homologation , and with the government of Santiago del Estero completely committed and involved in the project , " said Ezpeleta . "  Argentina is a country that deserves to have MotoGP . " One thing that should make this weekend 's racing particularly intriguing is the fact that the Termas de Rio Hondo circuit is unfamiliar to all of the riders . "  This is a new circuit for everyone and we have to interpret it well , " said Yamaha 's seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi , who was second at the season-opener in Qatar . "  We 'll have to understand as soon as possible the ideal setup of the bike , and above all we 'll have to understand how the tires behave on this asphalt . " Rossi 's teammate Jorge Lorenzo , among the favorites for the title after running Marquez to the wire last year , is anxious to repair the damage wrought by a nightmarish start to his campaign . After crashing on the first lap in Qatar , the Spaniard compounded his misery with an extraordinary false start at the year 's second race in Austin , Texas . Lined up on the grid , he had apparently been distracted by mosquitoes on his visor , and sped away before the lights turned green . It was a bizarre and costly error , which was punished with a ride-through penalty , and his 10th-place finish cast him adrift of the championship leaders after just two races . "  It 's not easy to swallow what happened at Austin but I always try to get the positive thing even if we are in trouble , " the 2010 and 2012 world champion said before traveling to Argentina . "  Staying on track is the best way to forget and I think our championship is going to kick off over there . " Lorenzo has spent the last fortnight resting and training in the Mexican resort of Cancun . "  I will arrive with plenty of energy , " he said . One rider who wo n't be making the trip is Ducati 's Cal Crutchlow , who is recovering from a painful crash at his last outing . After dislocating and breaking a finger the Briton had a pin inserted in the bone and will stay home for treatment . "  I 'm very sad to let the team down like this because I was really looking forward to racing , " he said . "  Unfortunately I 'm still feeling too much pain in my right hand . " Across the Ducati garage , however , Andrea Dovizioso is still on a high after a surprise third-place finish in the U.S. "  When you are able to obtain these results , which seem almost impossible , it is truly a great feeling , " said the Italian , who is relishing the chance to maintain his momentum in Argentina . "  I always like to race on new circuits and so I am very curious and motivated . " Ezpeleta is delighted by the apparent buzz among the riders as they step into the unknown . "  The whole paddock is excited because it 's a new track , " he said . "  Having a new track is motivation , and especially we want to see the feedback of the riders . The ones who were testing here in July were totally happy and satisfied with the circuit . I also want to see the response of the fans . " Honda 's two riders , Marquez and Dani Pedrosa , are also feeling pretty satisfied with life . After finishing just behind his victorious teammate in Austin , Pedrosa has been studiously preparing for this weekend . "  I 've tried to do some homework with maps and videos and find our as much as I could before arriving , " he said , "  but it 's hard to say something not being on the bike . " Marquez , whose dominant performances in the opening rounds were all the more remarkable given that he was recovering from a broken leg , is oozing confidence . "  We will be looking to continue the momentum from the first two races , " the 21-year-old said . Few would bet against him doing so . In spite of Honda and Marquez 's apparent iron grip on the lead , Ezpeleta is satisfied with the start of this year 's championship , and believes the new Open Class rules have been a success so far . "  The regulations were created to reduce the costs and increase the spectacle , and I think we have accomplished these things , " he told CNN . "  I 'm sure in the future races this season we will have some spectacular battles on track . " As far as the MotoGP circus itself is concerned , Ezpeleta indicated that the series may look to extend its reach into more new territories before too long . "  We would like to expand in South America , as well as Asia , " he said . "  Brazil is interested in hosting a MotoGP . " The MotoGP chief also hinted that an African grand prix may be a possibility . The last top-class race on the continent was held a decade ago , at South Africa 's Phakisa Freeway in 2004 . "  I would like to have a grand prix in Africa , as we did in the past , " added Ezpeleta . "  I ca n't predict the future , but I would like to have a race there and it 's always good to open new frontiers ; but right now it 's very difficult to predict what 's going to happen in Africa . " Fans and administrators alike will also be hoping for some unpredictability this weekend in Argentina ; Honda 's challengers need to take advantage of this new frontier .	MotoGP will return to Argentina for the fist time since 1999 this weekend World champion Marc Marquez has won the first two races of the 2014 season The Spaniard won last year 's title in his rookie season at the elite level His 2013 rival Jorge Lorenzo has endured a miserable start to the new campaign
CNN  -- If George Orwell and Lucille Ball had a love child , his name would be Stephen Colbert . In the last century , the great critics of corrupt political language were British authors who wrote dystopian novels . In "  1984 , " Orwell described a totalitarian society in which meaningless political language , dubbed Newspeak , veiled horrible truths . Earlier , In "  Brave New World , " Aldous Huxley described toddlers conditioned in laboratories to be afraid of books . And in "  A Clockwork Orange , " Anthony Burgess imagined a world in which ultraviolent teens rampaged in a distinctive English-Russian patois that defined their alienation from society and authority . Now in the 21st century , there is Colbert 's "  truthiness " -- political half-truths , quarter-truths and what the website Politifact describes as "  Pants-on-Fire " prevarications . On his Comedy Central show , "  The Colbert Report , " he introduced "  The Word , " a regular deconstruction of language contortion designed , in Orwell 's notion , to defend the indefensible .  One example : "  A Perfect World , " as in , journalists should demand to investigate torture , but it 's not a perfect world . It 's sharp political humor and a canny critique of American culture , language and iconography . And it 's helped the comic emerge as this nation 's court jester , licensed by the youthful cable TV audience to speak truth to power . Such is Colbert 's power and influence that he has been invited to testify before Congress today on the issue of illegal immigration -- and to testify in character . It 's as if the Congress of the Eisenhower years invited Harpo Marx to offer testimony by beeping his bicycle horn . Colbert has long been on to something important about the nature of our political discourse at the beginning of a new postmodern millennium : that ideology has become the lens through which Americans found their particular truth , let the evidence be damned . As a caricature of Fox 's Bill O'Reilly , he has turned deconstruction of the culture wars into an art form , adopting the slogans and symbols of America 's ideologues , even as he reveals their emptiness . Of course , during the last century , there were always comic voices -- from Will Rogers to Lenny Bruce to Pat Paulson to George Carlin -- who could be counted on to deflate the pretensions of the rich and powerful using their own words . But cable television has created a different breed of comic cat with vast media reach . And on Fox , Glenn Beck offers himself up as a "  rodeo clown "  his words  , a character who embodies the disaffection and alienation of the right , but whose acolytes experience him as real enough to follow him in the thousands to the Lincoln Memorial for a rally . Jon Stewart insists that his "  Daily Show " is comedy entertainment and not journalism , and yet it has become the main source of political news for millions . Even as President Obama is seen by some to have lost his campaign mojo , Stewart and Colbert plan their own Washington rally , making them arguably the most potent antidote to the blustery right . Is it possible we are reaching the point in political history when a fictional character can be elected to office ? Viewers and fans should remember what 's real about all this and what 's not . I was reminded of this firsthand when I encountered the Colbert comic persona during one of the 2004 presidential conventions in which he declared himself a worthy presidential candidate because of his humble origins . He was a descendant , he said , of "  goat turd farmers from France . " As producers explain to guests on "  The Colbert Report , " it is not their job to be funny , but to act as foil for the self-important and clueless cable talk show host . The guest tries to disabuse Colbert of his ridiculous view of politics and the world , an effort that never works , of course . What happens when Colbert is questioned by members of Congress promises to be a comic hall of mirrors in which illusion and allusion , reflection and deflection , truthiness and reality collide and converge . Members of Congress might treat the spectacle as entertainment , but they would be wise to look a level deeper , to see that the followers of Colbert 's circus may one day cast off their ironic pose and step up to cast their votes . When I was the age of Colbert 's legion of fans , I turned to the novels of Orwell , Huxley and Burgess to sharpen my skepticism toward the language of those in power . Such fiction is likely to wane in influence in an era when so many read less and care less . In its place is something quite different but , in its own way , quite good : comedy and satire shining a disinfecting light on the language of scoundrels . Turn on the telly . Pass the popcorn . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Roy Peter Clark says Stephen Colbert is heir to social comment tradition of Orwell , Huxley Comedian 's sway is so great , he says , he 's testifying in character on immigration to Congress He says Colbert  and Beck too  knows Americans find "  truth " through own ideological lens Clark : But Colbert uses power of satire to shine disinfecting light on language of scoundrels
CNN  -- The national average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline has increased one tenth of a cent to $ 3.542 , marking the second consecutive increase , the motorist group AAA said Saturday . However , the national average is still down 57.2 cents , or about 13.9 % , on the record high of $ 4.114 reported on July 17 , 2008 . The highest prices at the pump are in Hawaii , averaging about $ 4.34 per gallon , and the lowest in South Carolina , at $ 3.22 , according to the AAA 's Daily Fuel Gauge Report . The price of light , sweet crude oil , for September delivery , increased $ 0.13 to settle at $ 107.46 per barrel on the NYMEX Friday . CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report	AAA : National average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline up one tenth of a cent Highest gas prices are in Hawaii and lowest in South Carolina , says the motorist group The price of light sweet crude oil , for September delivery , increased Friday by $ 0.13
Two Chinese ships arrived at the coast of Vietnam on Monday to begin efforts to collect thousands of Chinese citizens who are fleeing the country after deadly attacks last week . The chartered ships reached the port of Vung Ang in Ha Tinh , the coastal province where some of the worst violence targeting Chinese facilities and workers took place , Chinese state media reported . One of the two , the Wuzhishan , departed later Monday for the southern Chinese port city of Haikou with 989 evacuees on board , according to the official Chinese news agency Xinhua . Along with two other ships that are still en route , the vessels are being used to bring back almost 4,000 Chinese citizens who are leaving because of the recent unrest , Xinhua said . Chinese authorities said Sunday that more than 3,000 Chinese had already been evacuated from Vietnam after protests over China 's decision to move an oil rig into disputed waters of the South China Sea spiraled into riots last week in which foreign-owned factories were burned and looted . At issue is the positioning of the rig in waters claimed by both China and Vietnam . Vietnam claims the rig 's presence is "  illegal , " while China says it has every right to drill and has castigated the Vietnamese government for failing to ensure the safety of its nationals . Two Chinese citizens were killed in the violence and more than 100 were injured , authorities said . The crisis has frayed ties between the two Communist-run Asian nations , and there is little sign of either side backing down over the increasingly bitter territorial dispute . Security tightened A series of chartered planes carried scores of Chinese citizens , including 16 critically injured workers , back to China on Sunday , Xinhua reported . The critically hurt patients were suffering from a range of injuries inflicted by beatings with iron bars , said Liao Zhilin , a spokesman for the hospital in the western Chinese city of Chengdu where they were admitted . The badly injured workers were employees of China Metallurgical Group Corp. , a contractor for an iron and steel complex being built in Ha Tinh , according to Chinese state-run media . Vietnamese authorities have clamped down on the unrest , arresting hundreds of people . They have beefed up security at key locations and urged citizens not participate in further protests . But that has n't stopped China from pressing ahead with the measures to extract thousands of its citizens from the country . Beijing has also warned Chinese people not to travel to Vietnam and said it will suspend some planned bilateral exchanges with Hanoi , according to Xinhua . Ships clash at sea Out in the South China Sea , ships from both countries are facing off . Vietnam 's state-run news agency VNA on Saturday accused China of continuing to show "  its aggressiveness by sending more military ships " to the area around the oil rig . The news agency cited Nguyen Van Trung , an official at the Vietnam Fisheries Surveillance Department , as saying that China had 119 ships in the area Saturday morning , including warships , coast guard vessels and fishing boats . Some of the ships were provoking the Vietnamese vessels by ramming them and firing water cannons at them , he said . Vietnam says the rig site is clearly on its continental shelf , and moreover , is in its Exclusive Economic Zone . Hanoi has demanded that China remove the offending rig from the disputed waters , escort vessels from the region and hold talks to settle the issue . ` We are not afraid of trouble ' China , for its part , has continued to accuse Vietnamese ships of similar acts , saying they are trying to disrupt the oil rig 's drilling operation . It has declared a 3-mile exclusion zone around the rig , which is operated by the state-owned oil and gas company CNOOC . "  We do not make trouble , but we are not afraid of trouble , " Gen. Fang Fenghui , the chief of the general staff of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army  PLA  , said Thursday during a visit to the United States . "  In matters of territory , our attitude is firm . We wo n't give an inch , " Fang said after meeting U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey . U.S. concerns Relations between China and Vietnam soured this month when the Chinese platform began drilling for oil near the Paracel Islands , which are claimed by both countries . At the time , the U.S. State Department called the move "  provocative , " saying it "  raises tensions . " Beijing has laid claim to most of the South China Sea , putting it at odds with several of its neighbors in the region , including the Philippines and Malaysia . China is also locked in a bitter dispute with Japan over a group of tiny islands in the East China Sea . While many commentators say Vietnam has every right to be upset over the positioning of the Chinese rig , at least one analyst says the issue not as clear cut as some suggest . "  Geographical proximity alone is not an unequivocal basis for claiming sovereignty or sovereign rights , " writes Sam Bateman in the Eurasia Review . Bateman , a senior fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies at Nanyang Technological University , says Vietnam 's claim to the Paracel Islands is "  seriously weakened " by North Vietnam 's recognition of China 's sovereignty over the Paracels and the lack of protest between 1958 and 1975 . In 1974 , the two countries fought the Battle of the Paracel Islands , which ended in a Chinese victory and complete control over the land and surrounding waters . After the reunification of Vietnam in 1975 , Vietnam 's leaders publicly renewed the country 's claim to the islands , but the issue remains unresolved . "  We have to acknowledge there are territorial disputes , " including "  what exactly is the status quo and who is seeking to change it , " Dempsey said Thursday at the news conference with Fang of the PLA . His comments were a veiled reference to Washington 's view that Beijing is attempting to change the status quo by more aggressively seeking to establish control over disputed areas . Protesters torch factories in southern Vietnam as China protests escalate How an oil rig sparked anti-China riots in Vietnam	Beijing has laid claim to most of the South China Sea A Chinese ship sets off with nearly 1,000 evacuees on board , Xinhua says Anti-Chinese protests in Vietnam descended into deadly violence last week The unrest was provoked by China moving an oil rig into disputed waters
CNN  -- Three years ago , a few days before Andrew Cadieux 's 21st birthday , a stranger sharing his last name sent him a message on Facebook . His mother denied knowing the person at first , but eventually admitted the stranger was his birth mother 's sister . The woman he 'd called mom all his life was another aunt . The revelation tore the lid off 21 years of family drama that she 'd hidden from him . Cadieux 's birth mother had Down syndrome and could n't care for him ; his aunt and uncle had adopted him . When his adoptive father died , a feud tore the family apart , leading Cadieux 's mother to decide it was better to sever ties with the family and never share with the young boy his history . "  Without Facebook , she would n't be part of my life because they did n't want her to have anything to do with me , " the 24-year-old software engineer from Connecticut said . It 's hard to keep secrets in the age of social media and the adoption world is no exception . Cadieux 's story is just one that shows how the Internet is making it easier for birth relatives to find each other , hastening the end of the era of "  closed " adoption , the nonprofit Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute said in a report released Thursday . Birth parents are seeking out their kids and adopted children are going online to find biological relatives , often without their adoptive parents ' knowledge , according to the report , "  Untangling the Web : The Internet 's Transformative Impact on Adoption . " Adam Pertman , executive director of the Adoption Institute , said he hopes the report will help shape policies and practices that harness the new technology while protecting vulnerable children and parents . "  We hope this report will serve as a wake-up call that something historic is happening that demands the attention of legislators , practitioners , law-enforcement officials and the affected parties themselves , " Pertman said . The report also addresses the "  growing commodification " of adoption through scams and unregulated websites that raise ethical and legal concerns . It 's now nearly impossible -- and perhaps unethical -- to promise secrecy or anonymity in adoptions , the report suggests . The report calls for more education and training to help adoption professionals understand the positive and negative uses of the Internet , along with revised training programs that assume most people will be able to find each other at some point . "  Everything from A-to-Z is being rewritten without best practices or guidance , " Pertman said . "  We have a maze in front of us and we have to learn to navigate it and provide people with resources , or they 're going to get lost in it . " Over the past few decades , it has become more common for birth parents and adopted parents to agree to some sort of open relationship , the report says . A recent survey found that 100 infant adoption programs in the United States reported 5 % of their adoptions were completely closed , while 55 % were fully open and 40 % were mediated through an agency , the study said . Even in open adoptions , it can be hard for people to resist crossing boundaries . Why wait for a picture in the mail when you can peek at someone on Facebook , Twitter or Instagram ? But if both sides communicate , they can reach an agreement on how to handle each other 's lives online and offline . Alison Cohen 's daughter used to send her letters and pictures through her adoptive parents . But when the 13-year-old started sending Cohen e-mails , she knew she had to tell the girl 's parents . "  I was aware of her need for connection and I wanted that so much for myself , too , " said Cohen , who lives in Evanston , Illinois . "  But then I had to realize I 'm not the parent making the decisions and I need to stay in my own place in the picture , and also , we will both get what we want in the future as life plays out . "  Sort of like delayed gratification . " The girl 's adoptive parents were n't comfortable with e-mail at the time , but Cohen was grateful to hear they wanted her to have more frequent contact with their daughter as she got older . Last year , for the first time since her birth , Cohen 's daughter met her birth mother . The girl is now 16 , and e-mails with Cohen with her adoptive parents ' permission . A few years ago , her daughter friended her on Facebook ; Cohen has n't accepted it , but she keeps it in the queue so she can see how the profile picture changes . "  The Internet does provide more opportunities for surveillance of each other but not really in a negative way , " she said . "  It 's hard to walk that line between wanting to respect boundaries and still wanting a connection . "  The Internet opens up possibilities but it does n't change any of the inherent complicated feelings that everyone has around the situation . " Indeed , not everyone agrees open adoption always works . In a recent guest post on the blog "  Portrait of an Adoption , " a woman who adopted a child from foster care detailed her decision to close the adoption for the child 's safety . The boy 's biological parents had a history of drug and alcohol abuse and erratic behavior . In the few instances she initiated contact , the mother angrily demanded to see her child , signaling to the adoptive mother that she was unstable . "  I tried to open up our adoption , maybe just a little bit . And it was a huge mistake . The state created closed adoptions from foster care for a reason , " the adoptive mother wrote in her post , "  Why My Son Has a Closed Adoption . " "  I will never badmouth his birth parents to him . He has seen their photos and I answer whatever basic questions he has . But he has n't had many . When he is 18 , he can read my huge , thick file of his records from the state , including his birth parents ' full names etc. . "  But while he is underage , I will protect him and keep him safe . Even from his own relatives . " The Internet has created vast support networks for birth parents , adoptive parents and adoptees , including blogs , social media sites and message boards . Among the millions of links , though , it 's easy for those seeking guidance to be overwhelmed . It took Sandi Aiken six years to find BirthMom Buds , a support group for expectant mothers or mothers who found new families for their children . They were the first ones she turned to after she learned that her 17-year-old son wanted to visit her . Two months earlier , in September 2010 , the son she had named Christopher sent her a message on Facebook : "  Hello Mom . I finally found you . " Aiken had hoped to one day meet the son she gave up for adoption years earlier , but she worried he would hate her . Friends from the support group told her to be brave . She went to the airport two hours ahead of time and cried while she waited . She was unsure if she would recognize him but as soon as he rounded the corner she knew it was him . The two embraced , marking the start of a relationship that continues to thrive , she said , even with his adoptive family . "  It 's like he was never out of my life even though he went down a different path , " the Arkansas woman said . "  I feel good about it , too , knowing he had a good life and became the fine young man he is today . " Not every encounter has a storybook ending . Cadieux is happy he knows who his biological mother is , but it has n't brought peace or closure to the rest of his family . It took him two years to respond to the Facebook message and call his mother . They spoke briefly about her decision , and he concluded that Down syndrome had prevented her from making her own decision . Cadieux pitied her . The two became Facebook friends , keeping in touch through occasional messages , he said . But in the interest of avoiding conflict , he has n't taken the relationship any further . There 's still a lot of tension between his adoptive family and the one he never knew , and he 's not interested in starting another feud . "  I ca n't blame her for wanting to see her son grow up , " he said . "  This is a way for her to stay quietly in the background and be a part of my life . " "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook and follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Internet makes it easier for birth relatives to find each other , Adoption Institute report says It 's now nearly impossible to promise secrecy or anonymity in adoptions , the report says Report hopes to shape policies that harness technology while protecting children , parents Some say closed adoptions still necessary sometimes to protect children
InStyle.com  -- Elizabeth Taylor appeared in over 50 films in her seven-decade career , and InStyle compiled some of the legend 's most memorable on-screen looks . From the elegant lace wedding gown she wore in "  Father of the Bride " to the sexy one-piece swimsuit in "  Suddenly Last Summer , " check out Taylor 's top 10 on-screen looks , handpicked by InStyle 's fashion director Hal Rubenstein , who knew Elizabeth Taylor personally . "  Father of the Bride "  1950 "  This is Taylor at her most innocent . Covered in lace , this bears an uncanny resemblance to Grace Kelly 's wedding gown -- which designer Helen Rose also created . " See more of Elizabeth Taylor 's memorable looks "  A Place in the Sun "  1951 "  Taylor is at her most irresistible here : seductive and innocent all at once . This dress was the blueprint for every prom dress in the '50s . " "  Giant "  1955 "  If every woman on the ranch looks this sexy , no one would leave the farm . " "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof "  1958 "  This is the perfect white cocktail dress . Variations on it were made for decades -- and sold out every time . " InStyle.com : Elizabeth Taylor 's transformation "  Suddenly Last Summer "  1959 "  This is one of the sexiest swimsuits on-screen -- and it 's a one-piece . That says something about Taylor 's allure . " "  Butterfield 8 "  1960 "  Taylor is one of the few that can look glam in her underwear -- that sexy , ` so over it ' look is perfection . " "  The V.I.P.s "  1963 "  Pierre Cardin , who was uncredited for this look , created the beginning of the jet-set look : sleek , modern glamour . " InStyle.com : Elizabeth Taylor 's most memorable jewelry "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? "  1966 "  Taylor 's complete conviction and willingness to be transformed shows her commitment to her craft . Although she was the most beautiful actress in Hollywood , she was also one of the best actresses . " "  The Taming of the Shrew "  1967 "  This is the most glamorous wench that 's ever been . Her look fit the Renaissance bravado perfectly . " "  Boom ! "  1968 "  Little known fact : Karl Lagerfeld created these costumes . They were extravagant , ridiculous -- and completely amazing . " See more of Elizabeth Taylor 's iconic looks at InStyle.com Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Taylor 's swimsuit in "  Suddenly Last Summer " is one of the sexiest on-screen suits Taylor is at her most irresistible in "  A Place in the Sun " Her "  Father of the Bride " dress bears a resemblance to Grace Kelly 's wedding gownADDITIONAL SNAPSHOT LINK
Moscow  CNN  -- Police are questioning a suspect in connection with an acid attack that disfigured the artistic director of Russia 's illustrious Bolshoi Ballet , Moscow authorities said Tuesday . Sergei Filin was doused with acid by a masked assailant in January , an attack that caused severe burns . Russian authorities gave little more detail on the investigation . In January , doctors fought to save Filin 's sight and said it may take at least six months for him to recover from the third-degree burns to his face and eyes . He was coming home around midnight January 17 when the unidentified attacker flung concentrated acid at him on a Moscow street , the state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . The agency reported Filin had suffered months of intimidation , including threatening phone calls and the slashed car tires . Shortly before the acid attack , somebody attempted to hack his Facebook page , RIA Novosti said . Filin took up the key role at the world-renowned ballet company in 2011 after three years directing Moscow 's Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko Music Theater .	An masked attacker doused acid on Sergei Filin , causing severe burns State media : The Bolshoi Ballet 's artistic director had received threatening calls
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British reality TV star Jade Goody married Sunday after being told by doctors last week that her cancer is terminal . Jade Goody , pictured with fiance Jack Tweed Saturday , before Sunday 's wedding Goody , 27 tied the knot with boyfriend Jack Tweed , 21 , in Hatfield Heath , Essex , east of London , UK media reported . After the ceremony Max Clifford , the couple 's publicist , told waiting reporters that there had been "  lots of tears and smiles and laughter " and that the congregation gave the newlyweds a standing ovation after the signing of the register . Goody sprung to fame in "  Big Brother " in 2002 , going on to launch a range of her own products and host TV shows . But her return to the celebrity edition of the show in 2007 ended in international ignominy , after her taunting of Indian Bollywood star Shilpa Shetty . Goody 's behavior resulted in more than 40,000 complaints and sparked protests in India . Shetty said last week that she was unable to attend the wedding due to filming commitments but was praying for Goody . Read blog about how media covered wedding In August 2008 Goody appeared on the Indian version of "  Big Brother , " only to fly home after she was diagnosed with cervical cancer . News of Goody 's condition has sparked massive interest in the UK , both from the media -- which bid for rights to her story -- and among the public , who have contacted charities for information about cervical cancer . Critics have attacked Goody 's decision to sell rights to what may be her final weeks , although the star has told British media that she wants to leave her children by a previous relationship -- sons , Bobby , five , and Freddie , four -- financially secure . Watch Jade Goody 's wedding preparations " But Clifford told ITN : "  Ironically , a big part of what she 's doing now is to fund her children 's education . To give them the education she never had . " Charity Cancer Research UK said in a statement earlier this month that daily visits to its Web site had increased two - to three-fold since news of Goody 's illness was announced . "  The publicity around Jade 's diagnosis has led many more people to ask questions and seek information about cervical cancer , " spokeswoman Emma Gilgunn-Jones said . Shetty , writing on her blog earlier this week , said that Goody had invited her to the wedding but had been unable to attend due to filming commitments in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  Read an article on Jade Goody 's deteriorating condition , " wrote Shetty . "  It disturbed me 'cause the last time I spoke to her , she seemed very positive and we were all expecting that the doctors would be able to curb the cancer from spreading . This piece of news came as a shock - so I called her hoping it was only a rumor but she confirmed it . Shetty added that she was praying for Goody and that she hoped God "  gives her the strength to cope with this pain . " "  She wants the best for her kids , " Shetty wrote . "  I hope Jack makes a good father to them . I also hope for a miracle to happen for her children 's sake . " On Friday the UK 's Ministry of Justice said it would allow Tweed , who was jailed in September 2008 for assault , to spend his wedding night with his bride , the Press Association reported . "  We are absolutely thrilled , " the agency reported Clifford as saying . "  It will be the dream finish to her dream day , and it makes so much difference . Tweed , who was released early from jail in January , has to wear a tag and is subject to a 1900 GMT curfew . "  We 'll get married if I have to drag her wheelchair down the aisle , " he told ITN last week . The wedding dress , which media reports say included a pouch to hold Goody 's medication , was donated by Harrods owner Mohamed al Fayed . Goody 's bridesmaids were seen with the TV star Saturday , wearing plastic bald caps in a show of solidarity at the impact of her chemotherapy treatment .	Publicist : Couple receive standing ovation , lots of tears , laughter , smiles British ` Big Brother ' star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread Shetty says she was invited to ceremony but unable due to film commitments Charities report marked increase in public seeking details about condition
President Barack Obama delivered a poignant personal promise to the American people Monday , vowing to continue to fight to improve racial tensions in America , given the "  particular experiences " he brings to the office . "  I 'm going to stay on this , " the President said Monday in an interview with BET , a network that reaches a predominately young African-American audience . "  Not only am I going to stay on it ... but hopefully the entire society says , ` Let 's finally try to make some real progress on this . ' " Once criticized for shying away from the topic of race early on in his presidency , Obama has recently taken a more active role in sharing how his personal experiences help him to empathize with all kinds of people affected by the recent protests on racial tensions -- from protesters , to victims , to law enforcement officers , to families , and most importantly , to black youth . In his interview with BET 's "  106 & Park , " the President cited a meeting he had with nonviolent protesters Monday -- between ages 18-25 . For him , he says , listening to young African-Americans describe their own experiences of being stopped for no reason , or being unjustly labeled as suspicious , strikes a personal chord . "  My mind went back to what it was like for me when I was 17 , 18 , 20 , " the President said . "  As I told them , not only do I hear the pain and frustration of being subjected to that kind of constant suspicion , part of the reason I got into politics was to figure out how can I bridge some of those gaps and understandings so that the larger country understands this is not just a black problem or a brown problem , this is an American problem . " The President also made a point to invoke Attorney General Eric Holder 's race and civil rights record , saying , "  He 's got a similar set of stories and experiences he can share . " While most of the protests across the country have been relatively peaceful , many of the gatherings have caused traffic delays and street closures . According the President , those are small prices to pay in order to achieve the larger goal of ending racial tensions in America . "  A country 's conscience sometimes has to be triggered by some inconvenience , " the President said . "  As long as they 're peaceful , I think they 're necessary . When they turn violent then they 're counter-productive . " As he noted in the first half of his interview , teased Sunday , the clear video evidence available in the chokehold death of Eric Garner , a black man , in Staten Island in July has helped the broader public come to believe there are racial inequalities in the criminal justice system in a way the shooting death of Michael Brown , also black , in Ferguson , Missouri , in August , did not . In both cases , grand juries failed to indict the white police officers responsible for their deaths . "  It used to be folks would say , ` Well , maybe blacks are exaggerating . Some of these situations are n't what they describe , ' " Obama said . "  What we 've now seen on television -- now for everybody to see -- gives us the opportunity to finally have the conversation , that you know , has been a long time coming . " The President will be interviewed by both Univision and Telemundo on Tuesday , both of which are networks that target primarily Latino audiences . In his interview Monday , Obama suggested that people who are n't "  African-American or Latino " view the deaths of both Michael Ferguson and Eric Garner as "  tragedies . "	President Barack Obama promised , "  I am going to stay on this , " regarding race relations during a BET interview on Monday Obama said supports peaceful protesting in the wake of two recent grand jury decisions Video evidence has helped the broader public understand the concerns African-Americans have with law enforcement , he said
CNN  -- A 6.5-magnitude earthquake has struck off the shore of Northern California , leaving thousands of households without power . The quake , which ran about 13.5 miles deep , hit offshore at 4:27 p.m.  7:27 p.m. ET  Saturday , about 33 miles from the coastal city of Eureka , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . About 28,000 customers , most of them in Humboldt County , were left without power Saturday evening , said Jeff Smith , spokesman for Pacific Gas and Electric Co. . One gas leak in the county was also reported . He said utility crews were patrolling the area to restore power . There were no immediate reports of serious injuries or damage , according to local authorities and the U.S. Coast Guard in Humboldt County . St. Joseph 's hospital confirmed one person being treated for a broken hip and several others arriving with bumps and bruises from the earthquake . Nearly a dozen aftershocks followed , the strongest at 4.5 magnitude . Calls from concerned citizens were pouring into police and fire departments . Gary Bird , spokesman for the 28,000-population Eureka , said 25 responders were surveying the scene . See iReports from areas affected by earthquake "  We 've got isolated water line breaks , power lines down , broken windows , unreinforced buildings that had some bricks fall off into the street , " he said , adding that residents have been asked to stay inside . Chris Durant , a reporter for the Times-Standard of Eureka , said he was working on the second floor of the newspaper 's concrete building when he and his colleagues felt the quake . "  We are used to feeling small ones , " he said , "  but after the first few seconds , we looked at each other and said this is not a small one . " He said small chunks of plaster peppered the floor . Still , he said reports from the area indicate minor damage . " -LSB- There 's -RSB- not as much as you might think with a 6.5 , " he added , describing much of the damage as broken glass on storefronts and tiles on floors and ceilings popping . "  People are standing outside and talking with their neighbors , and , kind of like letting their nerves calm down , " he said . iReporter Andrew Parent of Eureka was driving home from work when he saw people running out of their homes and power lines down . He rushed home to find a state of disarray -- dishes everywhere , a bookshelf toppled over . "  The fridge moved . Everything moved , " said parent , 20 . "  I guess it 's not really a big deal , but it was kind of scary . " Are you there ? Send your iReports Eureka resident Cole Machado told CNN he was talking on the phone when he felt the ground shake . "  I thought my TV was going to fall over . " He said the power cut out for a few seconds and there were reports of downed phone lines and broken windows in the the nearby town of Ferndale , which is 27 miles away from the quake 's epicenter . Ferndale Fire Chief Tom Grinsell said it was "  one of the strongest quakes I remember in quite a while . I assumed it was going to be a lot worse than we 're seeing . " He said the quake had a "  strong shaking to it and was rather lengthy . " He said his department has received numerous calls about broken glass , emptied shelves , and stucco and plaster knocked off walls . However , he added that the damage is cosmetic and that no buildings have collapsed . Grinsell said officials have asked residents to stay off the roads because of debris and to conserve water until it 's certain there is no damage to the water system . Ferndale resident Jessica Stephens Tucker described the movement from the temblor : "  It rolled and rolled and then it slammed . " There was no tsunami warning issued . A 6.5-magnitude quake is considered a "  strong " temblor , according to CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras , who noted that about 120 are recorded worldwide each year . Dave Magni , owner of the Ivanhoe Hotel in Ferndale , said , "  We are sitting in a sea of booze " after the quake . He felt an aftershock while talking with CNN . "  My employees are out in the parking lot right now , " he added . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Samira Simone and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : One person treated for broken hip , no reports of serious injuries or damage About 28,000 customers , most in Humboldt County , left without power "  We are sitting in a sea of booze " hotel owner in Ferndale says after the quake Quake hit at 4:27 p.m.  7:27 p.m. ET  offshore Saturday about 25 miles from Eureka
CNN  A judge this week sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker while she was in the bathroom , prosecutors said . During the investigation , detectives with the Metro Nashville Police Department in Tennessee also found that the agent , 33-year-old Daniel Boykin , entered the woman 's home multiple times , where he took videos , photos and other data . Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin 's phone and computer . The victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year . Boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act , the Nashville District Attorney 's Office said . Police said the incident happened in a TSA-only restroom , and that there was no evidence public restrooms were targeted . A TSA official tells CNN that Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and did n't engage in public security screening . Assistant District Attorney Amy Hunter said this case was one of the worst invasion of privacy cases she 's seen . "  We are thankful that the sentence includes periodic confinement so that the sentence will hopefully make an impression on this defendant and others , " Hunter said in a statement . The judge , Randall Wyatt , on Friday called the invasion of privacy "  egregious . " His sentence also includes five and a half years of probation , which will include GPS monitoring . Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began . "  TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace , " TSA 's Ross Feinstein said in a statement .	Former TSA agent Daniel Boykin , 33 , videotaped his female co-worker in the restroom , authorities say Authorities say they found 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin 's phone and computer Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and did n't do public security screenings , TSA official says
CNN  -- A year after the remains of a Florida toddler were discovered , a lawyer for the slain child 's mother asked a judge Friday to stop prosecutors from seeking the death penalty against her . Lawyer Andrea Lyon told Orange County Circuit Court Judge Stan Strickland that the "  real reason " prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against Casey Anthony is because they want to "  get as biased a jury as they possibly can . " Lyon said a jury that is qualified to serve in a death penalty case is more likely to convict defendants . But prosecutor Jeff Ashton told the court that the state is not seeking the death penalty ; rather , the jury and judge will decide whether it is appropriate . Anthony has pleaded not guilty to murder in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . The toddler 's skeletal remains were discovered December 11 , 2008 , six months after she disappeared . The remains were bagged and partially buried in a swampy , vacant lot , and duct tape covered the child 's mouth . Ashton said the death penalty question is not for the prosecution to answer . "  Everyone who is indicted by a grand jury in the state of Florida for the crime of first-degree murder is eligible for the death penalty , " he said . "  The decision by the prosecutor is simply , should a jury , and ultimately , a judge , be allowed to make this decision ? " Further explaining why he believed the case was eligible for the death penalty , Ashton speculated what jurors might infer from the facts presented to them . He suggested that Caylee 's killer may have either given the toddler a substance to knock her unconscious before applying duct tape to her mouth and nose , or had physically restrained her before doing so . "  As the killer looked into her face , maybe her killer even saw her eyes , as the tape was applied , " he said . As he spoke , Anthony sobbed , as her lawyer comforted her . Lyon noted that there is "  no evidence ... that this tape had anything to do with the death of this child . " Police released documents this year showing they believed that Caylee was slain within days of the time she was last seen and that her body was in the trunk of her mother 's car for "  a period of time . " Authorities have said that the cause of Caylee 's death is homicide by undetermined means . In her argument , the defense attorney noted the toddler 's undetermined manner of death , saying that the death penalty infringes on Anthony 's constitutional rights . "  They can not be seeking the death penalty in good faith because there is insufficient evidence ... to establish first-degree murder , " she argued . Earlier Friday , Anthony 's lawyer also urged the judge to prohibit jail officials from videotaping sessions between her and her client , as well as visits from Anthony 's friends and family . She said that she has been told that the videos are for security and that the sound is disabled , but said that she and her client have the "  feeling that perhaps we 're being listened to . " The judge said he would make his rulings as soon as possible . Anthony 's parents also appeared in the courtroom for Friday 's hearing . In a May interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " George and Cindy Anthony said they believed their daughter was innocent .	NEW : Prosecutor says it 's up to jury , judge to decide whether death penalty is appropriate Lawyer says she wants prosecutors not to seek death penalty against Casey Anthony She says prosecutors want to "  get as biased a jury as they possibly can " Anthony accused of killing daughter Caylee , 2 , whose body was found a year ago
CNN  -- T-Mobile is making a bid to become the wireless world 's "  un-carrier , " rolling out a plan that will let users update their phones up to twice a year for a modest fee . That 's a sharp departure from the traditional model for wireless companies , which usually requires customers to complete a two-year contract before they can get a new smartphone at the discounted rate that makes them affordable . "  At some point , big wireless companies made a decision for you that you should have to wait two years to get a new phone for a fair price . That 's 730 days of waiting , " said John Legere , president and CEO of T-Mobile US , in a written announcement . "  That 's  730 days of watching new phones come out that you ca n't have . Or having to live with a cracked screen or an outdated camera , " he added . "  We say two years is just too long to wait . " The company 's new JUMP ! plan will cost $ 10 a month per phone and includes insurance for phones that are damaged , lost or malfunctioning . Some wireless customers already pay for such protection . Customers can upgrade after being enrolled in the JUMP ! program for six months . At a New York event , T-Mobile also announced an expansion of its 4G LTE network , which it says will reach 157 million people in 116 metro areas across the United States . The announcement is part of T-Mobile 's newly aggressive approach as the carrier tries to move up from fourth place in market share in the United States . It trails first-place Verizon , then AT&T and Sprint . Research firm comScore says Verizon has about 31 % of the market , followed by AT&T at 27 % , Sprint at 16 % and T-Mobile at about 13 % . In March , T-Mobile took another big leap , announcing that it would offer wireless plans with no contract . It also began selling the iPhone 5 for $ 99 in April .	New T-Mobile plan lets customers upgrade to a new phone up to twice yearly The upgrade program , called JUMP ! , will cost $ 10 per month In March , T-Mobile began offering some plans with no contract It 's all part of a push by T-Mobile to move out of fourth place among U.S. carriers
CNN  -- Brazil need just three more points to clinch qualification for the 2010 World Cup after beating former South American Group leaders Paraguay on Wednesday , but Argentina 's hopes suffered a big blow . Brazil 's match-winner Nilmar , left , celebrates his goal with Elano and Daniel Alves , right . With four matches remaining , Brazil retained top spot with a 2-1 victory in Recife to lead second-placed Chile by a point , with Paraguay two further adrift on 24 and Argentina in fourth on 22 . The top four teams automatically qualify for next year 's finals in South Africa , while the fifth-placed nation -- Ecuador at this stage -- face a play-off against the fourth-placed side from the CONCACAF region . Mexico hold that spot following Wednesday 's matches , following a morale-boosting 2-1 win against bottom nation Trinidad and Tobago . Brazil and Paraguay had been level on points at the top of the table of Wednesday 's clash , and the visitors took the lead in the 25th minute when Salvador Cabanas 's free-kick took a deflection off midfielder Elano and looped over Julio Cesar . Elano 's Manchester City team-mate Robinho made amends with a superb volleyed equalizer four minutes before half-time from Daniel Alves ' right-wing cross . The home side then went ahead four minutes after the interval with a scrappy goal as striker Nilmar scrambled the ball into the net after a fortuitous rebound off Paraguay 's Julio Cesar Caceres when he tried to chest the ball down to Kaka . "  It was a match in which we had to be patient and persistent , " Brazil coach Dunga said on FIFA.com . "  We had to try playing on the wings , at speed , changing sides . Everyone plays tight away from home and that makes it difficult to win . We need three more points to be sure  of qualifying  . " For Paraguay , who were four points clear at the top at the halfway stage , it was a second setback in a week after Saturday 's 2-0 home defeat by Chile . Diego Maradona 's Argentina were unable to follow up last weekend 's 1-0 win over Colombia , crashing 2-0 away to Ecuador at high altitude in Quito . Carlos Tevez missed a first-half penalty before goals from Walter Ayovi and Pablo Palacios handed Maradona a second defeat in four qualifiers since taking charge . "  They did n't do anything in the first half , " Maradona said on FIFA.com . "  In the second half , they got a couple of rebounds and they scored two goals . If we had scored a goal , it would have finished the game off . " Ecuador coach Sixto Vizuete , whose side closed to within two points of the Argentines , said : "  These three points are worth their weight in gold and we 're satisfied because we beat great opponents . " Tevez was fouled by Ecuador goalkeeper Marcelo Elizaga just inside the penalty area in the 28th minute , but then saw his weak spot-kick saved and Lionel Messi fired the rebound over the bar to add to an earlier easy miss by the the Barcelona forward . Left-back Ayovi equalized in the 72nd minute with a superb 25-meter strike , then substitute Palacios -- who had teed him up for that effort -- fired the winner with seven minutes left and Antonio Valencia struck the visitors ' woodwork with a long-range shot . Chile moved up into second place with a 4-0 crushing of 10-man Bolivia , as Alexis Sanchez netted twice . Jean Bonsejour headed the opener just before halftime from Matias Fernandez 's right-wing cross , Mark Gonzalez made it 2-0 with a free-kick in the 74th minute before Sanchez struck four minutes later . Sanchez scored again just before the end , and midfielder Ignacio Garcia was sent off after clattering into him while he celebrated . In other games , Uruguay dropped to sixth place after being held to a 2-2 draw away to Venezuela and Colombia beat bottom team Peru 1-0 . Diego Forlan put Uruguay 2-1 up in the 73rd minute , but Venezuela kept their hopes of a first World Cup finals appearance alive when Jose Manuel Rey scored from a trademark free-kick two minutes later . Radamel Falcao Garcia netted the only goal in Medellin from close range in the 25th minute , scoring just his nation 's seventh of the qualifiers as Peru crashed to an eighth successive defeat .	Brazil need three more points to seal their place at the 2010 World Cup finals Nilmar scores winner in 2-1 victory against Paraguay in Wednesday 's qualifier Joint leaders Paraguay drop to third position after second consecutive defeat Diego Maradona suffers his second defeat in charge of fourth-placed Argentina
CNN  -- Extended unemployment benefits will temporarily expire for thousands of Americans on Monday because the Senate went on its spring recess without approving a one-month deadline extension . The extension , which had bipartisan support , would have cost about $ 10 billion , but a lone Republican , Sen. Tom Coburn , said no until the costs are offset . The Oklahoma senator objected to a commonly used unanimous-consent agreement to pass the bill under emergency conditions , even if it increases the federal deficit . Coburn wants to eliminate additional government spending to pay for the bill . "  The legitimate debate is whether we borrow and steal from our kids or we get out of town and send the bill to our kids for something that we 're going to consume today , " Coburn said on the Senate floor . It 's the second time a Republican has blocked a so-called "  emergency extension " of jobless benefits . Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning objected to adding to the deficit back in February . "  We ca n't do everything we 'd like to do , " Bunning said at the time . "  We do n't have the money . " Coburn on Monday refuted the notion he single-handedly blocked the extension , noting that he voted to stay in session to work out the issue . "  Congress had several opportunities to extend these benefits in a fiscally-responsible manner before our Easter break but rejected all of them . It 's time for Congress to do what 's right for both the unemployed and future generations and do the hard work of paying for important priorities , " he said in a statement . Bunning on Monday also pointed the finger at congressional Democrats for going on recess before agreeing to a solution that was fully paid for . "  I am disappointed that the Democrats continue to play political games to avoid paying for these benefits that are so important to the many struggling families across our nation who rely on them to make ends meet while they search for work . Clearly , the Democrats do n't want to help the unemployed unless they can increase the deficit while they 're doing it , " he said in a statement . Asked whether President Obama believes that the benefits extension should be paid for , Lawrence Summers , one of Obama 's top economic advisers , said , "  He believes that in an emergency , families who are depending on unemployment insurance to buy medicine for their kids should not have that unemployment insurance cut off . " "  We believe that we need to approach these issues in their totality , with a fiscal framework that assures that we are getting to a much lower budget deficit , " Lawrence , the head of the National Economic Council , said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " The unemployment benefits provision was a part of the Continuing Extension Act of 2010 , which affects other programs , too . The Senate 's inaction means lapses in funding for COBRA , Medicare payments to doctors and the National Flood Insurance Program , among other things . The Senate is expected to take up the measure after lawmakers return from recess the week of April 12 . Key Democrats said they hope to pass a retroactive extension , compensating the unemployed for a gap in funding . If approved , it would be the seventh time the deadline has been extended since June 2008 . Which programs did Congress leave unfunded ? For the meantime , Democrats are furious . Sen. Byron Dorgan represents North Dakota . At 4.1 percent , the state has the lowest unemployment rate in the country . "  There are a whole lot of people in this country that are unemployed , and if ever there was a need to extend unemployment insurance , it is now . We ca n't do that to the most vulnerable people in this country , " he said . At least 212,000 Americans will be affected Monday . Alexander Mitiuriev , an unemployed aerospace engineer , said Coburn 's argument that the nation 's children will carry the burden does n't resonate with him because his kids are being affected right now . "  This is my children . For right now , they are affected , " he said . "  It makes no sense , " he said , adding that his children need the money now . Clovia Cox , a personal trainer who is out of work , agreed with Mitiuriev , saying that the future is on the line today . "  Having people give up their future dreams and trying to save money for a better working car or better career or a better education -- that is the future . The future starts now . It 's desperate now , " she said . About 11.5 million people currently depend on jobless benefits . The average unemployment period lasts 32.1 weeks . Of those unemployed , a record 44.1 percent of have been jobless for 27 weeks or more . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Kristi Keck and CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	Bunning says Democrats are the ones who continue to "  play political games " Extended unemployment benefits expire April 5 At least 212,000 out-of-work Americans expected to be affected Senate plans to take up measure extending benefits after its spring recess
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder stepped up his call for the passage of federal hate crimes legislation Thursday , arguing that the federal government needs to take a stronger stand against criminal activity fueled by bias and bigotry . Attorney General Eric Holder has been a vocal proponent for tougher laws regarding hate crimes . He also sought to assure opponents that such a bill would not allow Christian clergy to be prosecuted for outspoken opposition to homosexuality . Holder made his remarks during testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee , which is currently considering the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act . The bill would allow the Justice Department to provide assistance to state and local authorities in the prosecution of hate crimes while also expanding federal protection against hate crimes to cover disability , gender and sexual orientation . "  Hate crimes victimize not only individuals but entire communities , " Holder said . "  Perpetrators of hate crimes seek to deny the humanity that we all share , regardless of the color of our skin , the God to whom we pray or the person who we choose to love . ... , " he said . "  The time is now to provide justice to victims of bias-motivated violence and to redouble our efforts to protect our communities from violence based on bigotry and prejudice . " The attorney general argued that recent numbers "  suggest that hate crimes against certain groups are on the rise , such as individuals of Hispanic national origin . " Specifically , he said , more than 77,000 hate crime incidents were reported by the FBI between 1998 and 2007 , or "  nearly one hate crime for every hour of every day over the span of a decade . " In light of such statistics , he said , it was one of his "  highest personal priorities ... is to do everything I can to ensure this critical legislation finally becomes law . " Republicans on the Judiciary Committee disputed Holder 's assertion that there has been a noticeable increase in the number of hate crimes . They also questioned the need for federal involvement in the prosecution of violent acts -- traditionally a function of state and local governments . They pointed to FBI figures showing a slight decline from 7,755 hate crimes reported in 1998 to 7,624 in 2007 , the most recently compiled statistics . It is "  important to know  if  we have a problem of significant numbers of  hate crime  cases ... not being prosecuted in state and local governments , " said Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , the ranking Republican on the committee . "  Murders occur all over America every day . Robberies , assaults , rapes , burglaries occur every day , and those are handled by our state and local jurisdictions . ... They do a pretty good job . " When pressed , Holder acknowledged he had no hard evidence of trends showing the problem getting worse , nor that states are not prosecuting cases based on their own state hate crimes statutes . The attorney general insisted , however , that the issue should be viewed more broadly . "  It seems to me this is a question of conscience , " Holder argued . He emphasized that the bill is designed to give special protections to groups that historically have been victims solely based on who they are . Holder added that while state and local governments generally do a good job prosecuting violent crimes , there is nevertheless a need for the federal government to serve as a "  backstop " on occasion , particularly if localities lack the resources for an effective investigation or prosecution . "  There are instances where the  federal  government needs to come in , " he said . He also asserted that any federal hate crimes law would be used only to prosecute violent acts based on bias , as opposed to the prosecution of speech based on controversial racial or religious beliefs . "  It is the person who commits the actual act of violence , who would be subject to this legislation , not the person who is simply expressing an opinion , " Holder said . Several religious groups have expressed concern that a hate crimes law could be used to criminalize speech relating to subjects such as abortion or homosexuality . The attorney general has been a vocal proponent of federal hate crimes legislation since his tenure in the Clinton Justice Department . Last week , in a speech on civil rights , he cited three recent fatal shootings in calling for stricter hate crimes laws . "  The violence in Washington , Little Rock and Wichita reminds us of the potential threat posed by violent extremists and the tragedy that ensues when reasoned discourse is replaced by armed confrontation , " he said . Holder was referring to the shooting death of a security guard at the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington , allegedly by a self-avowed white supremacist ; the shooting of two U.S. soldiers in Little Rock , Arkansas , allegedly by a man prosecutors say was targeting the U.S. military for its treatment of Muslims ; and the slaying of a doctor who ran a women 's clinic in Wichita , Kansas , allegedly by an abortion opponent . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report	Bill would expand scope of federal protection against hate crimes Eric Holder says hate crimes against certain groups , such as Hispanics , on the rise Republicans on Senate panel dispute assertion of increase in hate crimes Some religious groups worry law could be used to criminalize speech
Washington  CNN  -- The fate of the controversial Keystone pipeline was n't the only thing at stake during a crucial vote in the Senate on Tuesday . The vote blocking legislation that would have authorized the pipeline 's construction previews a new era of animosity between resurgent Republicans in Congress and President Barack Obama . It could also seal the fate of embattled Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , who had made pushing the measure a focal point in an uphill battle to fend off a GOP challenger in a runoff election next month . Landrieu fell one vote short of securing the support necessary to advance the legislation . All 45 Republicans voted for the measure and 14 Democrats did , too . But she needed one more Democrat to join her to reach the critical 60 vote threshold . The failure to muster enough Democratic votes occurred even though Landrieu had insisted for days that she had the votes she needed . "  I feel very comfortable , " she said Monday night . In a three hour-long Senate floor debate Tuesday in advance of the vote , Landrieu was a bit more tentative . "  This is one of the first debates in eight years where the outcome is uncertain , " she said . "  We usually know the outcome of the vote before we take it because the deals are all cut . " In her speech , Landrieu made an aggressive case in favor of approving the pipeline while other Democrats dissented . "  To everyone who thinks this pipeline is the end of the world -- we already have 2.6 million miles of pipeline in the United States , " Landrieu said . "  We 're only completing basically 1,000 miles . What is everyone upset about ? " California Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer pointed out the potential health risks of laying the pipeline , including heart disease , increased hospitalization , and a higher prevalence of chemicals that "  penetrate deeply into the lungs . " "  The facts are the facts are the facts , " she said . "  If you 're not a scientist , then be humble and listen to the peer-reviewed scientists . They do n't have a special interest . They have an interest in giving us information we should base our decisions upon . " Boxer also referred to the project as the "  Keystone Extra Lethal Pipeline . " Keystone protesters have message for Democrats The GOP-led House on Friday approved a measure that will skip the conclusion of the six-year-old State Department review of the pipeline and authorize its construction . Though the Senate blocked that bill Tuesday , incoming Majority Leader Mitch McConnell  R-Ky .  said afterward that the newly-elected GOP majority will make it an early priority once the new Congress is in place in January . If the Senate ultimately approves the measure , Obama could be poised to issue what would be just the third veto of his nearly six year presidency . At a news conference last week , Obama made clear that he does n't want Congress to interfere with the State Department 's process . "  Understand what this project is : It is providing the ability of Canada to pump their oil , send it through our land , down to the Gulf , where it will be sold everywhere else . It does n't have an impact on U.S. gas prices , " Obama said at a Friday news conference in Myanmar . The showdown comes as Obama and congressional Republicans appear to be on a collision course over immigration . Republicans are considering how to respond if Obama follows through with a pledge to revise immigration policies by the end of the year . Some GOP lawmakers have talked about potentially shutting down the government if Obama keeps that promise . On Keystone , Senate Democrats had moved toward a vote largely in an effort to help Landrieu , the Senate Energy and Natural Resources chairwoman . She is facing off in the December runoff against Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy , who sponsored the House 's Keystone bill and has been promised a seat of his own on the energy panel . The measure offered Landrieu a final chance to demonstrate her clout before voters return to the polls . Already , Landrieu was joined by 10 Democratic co-sponsors : Alaska Sen. Mark Begich , Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor , Indiana Sen. Joe Donnelly , Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill , Montana Sen. Jon Tester , Montana Sen. John Walsh , North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan , North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp , Virginia Sen. Mark Warner and West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin . Three more Democrats had pledged last week to support the measure : Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet , Delaware Sen. Tom Carper and Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey . But by Monday night , it was clear that the list of Landrieu 's potential Democratic allies to provide the final vote had dwindled . One of Landrieu 's top targets , West Virginia Sen. Jay Rockefeller , said he would n't support the measure . Another potential backer , Maine Sen. Angus King , an independent who caucuses with the Democrats , told CNN Tuesday he would vote against the bill . Landrieu 's entreaties to other Democrats had also been rejected . Outgoing Michigan Sen. Carl Levin would not support the pipeline , a spokeswoman said Monday . Nor will New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker , who tweeted his opposition over the weekend . Also confirming their opposition to the measure to various news outlets were Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar , Florida Sen. Bill Nelson , New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , Delaware Sen. Chris Coons , New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez and Colorado Sen. Mark Udall . Retiring Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa said he would n't be voting for the pipeline . "  I 've come to this conclusion : every dollar that we spend on fossil fuel development and use is another dollar we spend digging the graves of our grandchildren , " he told reporters Tuesday . "  And I 'm not going to be a part of it anymore . I 'm through . That 's just how strong I feel . I know we ca n't solve it overnight , but we have to be on a steep glide path in getting rid of fossil fuels as a source of energy for our planet . " Even Landrieu 's Democratic supporters were facing pressure . Anti-Keystone activists , including college students , were trying Tuesday to convince Carper and Bennet to change their minds , protesting at the senators ' Capitol Hill offices . "  We 've been playing politics for too long and this is not a political game ... this is affecting everyone , " student Rachael Scheinman told CNN inside Bennet 's office , holding a sign that read , "  Sen. Bennet , if you 're not a climate denier , do n't vote like one . " " -LSB- Bennet -RSB- needs to vote his conscience on this one , " added student Elli Bloomberg . Boehner : A Keystone veto is ` equivalent to calling American people stupid ' The peaceful scene in Bennet 's office was in contrast to a more rambunctious protest in Carper 's office , where protestors loudly chanted , "  You ca n't eat money , you ca n't drink oil , " "  Keep the tarsands in the soil , we do n't want this dirty oil , " and "  What do we want ? " "  Climate justice , " "  When do we want it ? " "  Now . " Staffers attempted to speak to protesters in Carper 's office and explain his vote . "  What I hear you saying is that the senator is politicizing an environmental crisis , " one protester said . "  If he believes the science , there 's no reason for him to be voting like this and mortgaging our future , " said another . Capitol police arrested four of the activists inside Carper 's office . They were escorted outside to chants of "  climate heroes . " Fact checking Keystone jobs claims CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash , CNN 's Adam Levy , CNN 's Betsy Klein and CNN 's Justin Peligri contributed to this story .	The Senate blocked a bill that would have authorized construction of the Keystone pipeline The bill is being championed by Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu ahead of her Dec. 6 run-off election Landrieu had 14 of the 15 Democrats she needs to reach the 60 votes necessary for passage
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Samina Rajput speaks in hushed tones about her husband , Asif , who was killed alongside former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in the December 27 attack that convulsed the nation . Suicide bombings have killed 400 people and wounded nearly 1,000 others in the last three months . "  He always used to say ... ' I am ready to sacrifice my life for the party and my country , ' " Rajput says . She clings to a weathered book with newspaper clippings of her husband , a 28-year-old Bhutto supporter who had great political ambitions . He wanted a brighter and freer Pakistan , Rajput says , as she turns the delicate pages of the scrapbook . The clippings on the faded pages offer little comfort . But a picture of their wedding day less than two years ago , buried among the pages , makes her face light up somewhat . "  As the widow of a martyr , one has to keep dignity , and I will do this up to my last breath , " Rajput says , clasping her hands and rubbing them together . Suicide bombings like the attack that killed Bhutto and more than 20 of her supporters , including Asif , have intensified in recent months in Pakistan . Watch the devastating effects of bombings " On Thursday , a suicide bomber killed at least 23 people and injured more than 58 others outside a court in Lahore , police said . The attack brought to 20 the number of suicide attacks in Pakistan in the last three months , including a failed attack on Bhutto 's life in October . The bombings have killed close to 400 people and wounded nearly 1,000 others in the last three months , according to government officials . Pro-Taliban militants with ties to al Qaeda are carrying out the attacks , according to analysts and government officials . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen says the number of suicide bombings in Pakistan has "  reached unprecedented levels in the past year . " Previously , Bergen says , such attacks were rare . "  The reason for this rise is because al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban have morphed together ideologically and tactically , and both see themselves at war with the Pakistani state , " Bergen says . "  Many of the suicide attacks have been aimed at Pakistani politicians , officials and soldiers . " Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has vowed to fight militancy and religious extremism , going after Taliban and al Qaeda within the country . Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Mahmud Ali Durrani , recently told CNN that the Pakistani military is "  totally focused on destroying al Qaeda and the Taliban network and not just one person . " Still , the suicide bombers are succeeding , targeting political parties , rallies , military installations and anyone seen as a threat . Meanwhile , civilians are caught in the crossfire . "  They would like to destabilize our country , " Azhar Hamdani , who survived a July attack , says of suicide bombers . Clutching a walker , Hamdani recalls the blast that changed his life . On July 17 , 2007 , a suicide bomber targeted a rally for Pakistani Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry , who was stripped of power by Musharraf . The explosion killed at least 12 people and wounded 35 others in the capital , Islamabad . Hamdani remembers a strong blast throwing him several yards . When he regained consciousness , he was missing his left eye and his right leg was severely injured . "  My leg was totally damaged , " he says . "  My one left eye was damaged and I have several other injuries on my body . " But at the time of the blast , Hamdani was not focused on his own pain , he says , because he was surrounded by the bodies of his dead friends lying in pools of blood . The bombings , he says , must be stopped . "  I hope that we will succeed and , God willing , we will try to stop these bloody cowards , " he says . "  I do n't think they are Muslim . " "  Innocent people are suffering . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	19 suicide bombings have rocked Pakistan over the last three months Terror analyst : Number of attacks "  unprecedented " as Taliban , al Qaeda join forces Man wounded in attack says "  bloody cowards " must be stopped
CNN  -- Eric Cantor 's loss in a Republican primary against an unknown economics professor with barely enough money in the bank to buy a mailing list is a political twist that 's a little bit Shakespeare and a little bit "  House of Cards . " Oh , the irony , as the Bard himself would declare : Cantor was one of the original "  young guns " who recruited some of the tea partyers , whose progeny then destroyed him . He was their rep in the more establishment leadership , a public thorn in the side of the White House during the 2011 budget negotiations . Cantor was primed to go places , maybe even to the speakership . But when high ambition strikes , political roots can be severed -- even if unintentionally . "  Measuring the drapes is never a good political strategy , " a GOPer told me . See : Shakespeare 's "  Julius Caesar . " This being politics , a loss is mourned until the sharks circle . Cantor is not yet gone and the questions abound : Who will replace him in the leadership ?  Establishment or tea party ?  Will House Speaker John Boehner  whose job he coveted  stay on longer ?  Probably yes .  Will the tea partyers be in full revolt against all the establishment leaders ? If this were TV , Kevin Spacey might say , "  You might say that ; I could n't possibly comment . " Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill But here 's what 's really going on today : The GOP is trying , once again , to figure out exactly what it is -- and what it can aspire to be . At this point , it 's a successful congressional party : in control of the House . In the hunt to win control of the Senate , with a real shot at it . An opposition party that shut down the government and thwarted immigration reform . One teensy problem : The reasons the GOP succeeds as a congressional party are very much the reasons it fails on the presidential level . Base politics works in GOP primaries , to be sure . It also works in congressional races that have been gerrymandered and tailored to partisan voters . But it 's a lousy strategy if you want to win the presidency . Cantor lost his race for lots of reasons having to do with his own disconnect from his district , or at least the most conservative primary voters in his district . He was so disconnected , in fact , that by the time he realized he was in trouble the train was coming right at him . Arrogance ? Maybe . Political malpractice ? Maybe . Opinion : Who said the tea party was dead ? But there 's something else : Cantor , in recent years , actually started behaving as a leader . While he was a holdout against the budget deal in 2011 , he wanted to end the government shutdown last year -- to the everlasting dismay of the hell-no caucus . And the sin recently was his decision to support one strand of immigration reform -- a path to citizenship for children who were brought to the United States illegally -- the so-called Dreamers . It was a leadership decision . It was the right decision . So now Republicans will run scared , and run away from immigration . They will overread this as a litmus test of what they can and can not support . It 's sad , really , because GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham -- who is trying to work a deal on immigration reform -- won his GOP primary with almost 60 % of the vote in South Carolina . So , if Cantor lost and Graham won , how did that happen ? Graham actually went back home , explained his positions to the voters and got out his supporters . Politics 101 . But , as usual , the politicians will overdraw the lessons from the Cantor loss -- and draw the wrong ones , too . Cantor 's demise will scare Republicans away from immigration reform which , as a national party , is an issue that they should embrace . Sure , it hurt Cantor -- and brought out opponents from the woodwork . But here 's the real problem : Cantor never figured out that he had to explain himself to the voters who were actually going to show up to vote in the primary . Shakespeare might remind Cantor that "  Men at some times are masters of their fates . " And Frank Underwood would no doubt be succinct in his analysis of Cantor 's loss : "  Friends , " he tells us , "  make the worst enemies . "	Gloria Borger : Eric Cantor 's upset is a little bit Shakespeare , a bit "  House of Cards " She says the irony is that Cantor was the tea party 's rep in the party leadership Borger : The ambitious Cantor made right decision on supporting "  Dreamer " legislation But she says he failed to explain himself to voters in his own district
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama said Thursday that South Sudan "  stands at the precipice , " as deadly clashes spread in Africa 's newest nation . He spoke out the same day government officials said rebels have taken the town of Bor . The town , which lies about 200 kilometers  125 miles  north of the capital , Juba , was under heavy shelling , said Col. Philip Aguer , an army spokesman . Bor Mayor Mhial Majak Mhial said the town was under rebel control and heavy artillery was in use . "  In 2011 , millions of South Sudanese voted to forge a new nation , founded on the promise of a more peaceful and prosperous future for all of South Sudan 's people , " Obama said in a statement . "  In recent years , against great odds , South Sudan has made great progress toward breaking the cycle of violence that characterized much of its history . "  Today , that future is at risk . South Sudan stands at the precipice . Recent fighting threatens to plunge South Sudan back into the dark days of its past , " the President said . Amid violence this week , Obama sent 45 U.S. service members to South Sudan . In a letter to Congress , he said the troops were deployed "  to support the security of U.S. personnel and our Embassy . " The State Department said earlier this week that U.S. citizens currently in South Sudan should leave immediately , and it ordered the departure of non-emergency U.S. government personnel . Obama stressed that leaders in South Sudan have a choice . "  South Sudan 's leaders must recognize that compromise with one 's political enemy is difficult ; but recovering from unchecked violence and unleashed hatred will prove much harder , " he said . The fighting has been spreading in South Sudan after a reported coup attempt in Juba over the weekend . President Salva Kiir has blamed soldiers loyal to his former vice president , Riek Machar , for starting the violence . "  The government has lost control of Jonglei state to the forces of Col. Machar and his group , " government representative Ateny Wek Ateny told CNN , referring to the state where Bor is situated . The government could not yet confirm the number of fatalities from the violence , but "  casualties are in the hundreds , including army forces and civilians , " Ateny said . The government tweeted that its troops had lost control of Bor and that it was doing all it could to "  make sure citizens are secure & safe . " Earlier , Joseph Contreras , acting spokesman for the U.N. mission in South Sudan , told CNN the situation in Bor was "  still unstable . " The violence , which the government said Wednesday has killed about 500 people , began Sunday evening . In an interview with the online Paris-based Sudan Tribune published Wednesday , Machar denied Kiir 's claims that he was behind an attempted coup , saying : "  There was no coup . What took place in Juba was a misunderstanding between presidential guards within their division . " Kiir told reporters Thursday he was ready for dialogue "  with anyone who is willing . " Attack on U.N. base Also Thursday , unknown assailants attacked a U.N. base in South Sudan , possibly killing or injuring civilians who had sought refuge from the fighting . The attack happened on the U.N. Mission in South Sudan  UNMISS  base in Akobo . "  There are indications that civilians may have been killed and wounded in the attack , but this remains to be verified . Should these reports prove true , those responsible must be held accountable for their crimes , " read a U.N. statement . At the time of the attack , 43 Indian peacekeepers , six U.N. police advisers and two U.N. civilian staffers were present at the base . UNMISS has more than 6,800 troops and police in the country . The deepening crisis has alarmed South Sudan 's neighbors , prompting African nations to send mediators . The African Union said the team was made up of ministers and high-level officials from Ethiopia , Kenya , Uganda and other countries -- the first major peace initiative since clashes first erupted . Tensions high Tensions have been high in South Sudan since Kiir dismissed his entire Cabinet , including Machar , in July . The move further inflamed deep tensions between Kiir 's Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . U.N. officials have said they are worried the recent fighting is based on ethnic divisions . Citing reports it had received , Human Rights Watch said Thursday that in the fighting in Juba , South Sudanese soldiers fired indiscriminately in highly populated areas and targeted people for their ethnicity . According to witnesses and victims , soldiers specifically targeted people from the Nuer ethnic group , it said , adding that it had also received reports that Nuer soldiers may have targeted ethnic Dinka in Juba and in the town of Bor . "  The awful accounts of killings in Juba may only be the tip of the iceberg , " Daniel Bekele , Africa director at Human Rights Watch , said in a statement . "  Government officials -- whatever their politics -- need to take urgent steps to prevent further abuses against civilians and quickly deescalate rising ethnic tensions . ... We are deeply concerned that ethnically-based attacks on all sides will lead to revenge attacks and more violence . " It was not immediately possible to independently verify the reports . Government officials have disputed that the fighting is along ethnic lines . Information Minister Michael Makuei Lueth said Wednesday that people from different states and tribes rose up against the government , which is now fighting back . Eleven people have been arrested in connection with the foiled coup , according to a statement the South Sudan government posted Thursday . Two of them were from the Nuer community , it said . Tens of thousands displaced Up to 100,000 people have been displaced by the fighting so far , according to Defense Minister Gen. John Kong Nyuon . Many of the displaced people have crossed the Nile River , he said , adding that he feared a humanitarian disaster was unfolding . On Wednesday , South Sudan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said order had been restored in the country , adding that government forces were in charge and flights had resumed at Juba International Airport . U.N. officials have expressed deep concern about the unrest , saying as many as 35,000 people have taken shelter at the organization 's compounds . The U.S. and Britain have both sent planes to airlift their nationals out of the country . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has been reaching out to key leaders seeking a political end to the crisis . The U.N. Security Council has urged all parties to immediately cease hostilities and exercise restraint to prevent the further spread of violence . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 after a referendum , following decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . South Sudan says order restored after 500 killed , but U.N. still concerned ` Heavy ' death toll as thousands flee violence , U.N. says CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Nana Karikari-apau and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this report .	NEW : President Barack Obama warns fighting could push South Sudan back into its past NEW : Unknown assailants attack a U.N. base in Africa 's newest nation Rebels have taken the town of Bor , government officials say Human Rights Watch says it has reports of people being targeted for their ethnicity
Catania , Sicily  CNN  We are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight . Perhaps that 's incorrect . The migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years , but in the past 10 days , with as many as 1,600 deaths in the Mediterranean , suddenly minds are focused -- for now . Almost exactly four years ago , in Libya , I caught , perhaps , a glimpse of what was to come . It was late at night in the besieged city of Misrata . Hundreds of African migrants were caught between the Libyan civil war  back then some optimistically called it a "  revolution "  and the deep blue sea . They had come to Misrata from Ghana , Nigeria and elsewhere , hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to Europe . They had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces , but were n't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city . They appealed to us to help them escape . We could do nothing , but they may have eventually found their way out when the fighting subsided . The fall of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's regime , which we reporters covered so avidly , was followed by chaos , which we in the news media largely neglected , focused as we journalists were on the next catastrophe , the Syrian civil war . In that chaos , the business of human trafficking has boomed . And now that boom in human misery is coming in waves to the shores of Italy . The focus today is on those lost at sea . Aware of the tragedy underway , however , Italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe , according to one European Union official . That is certainly the case in the Sicilian port of Catania , where many migrants arrive . The city 's mayor , Enzo Bianco , insists city residents bear no ill will toward the migrants , but says Catania , and Sicily can not absorb the ever-growing numbers . The rest of Europe must help carry the burden . "  If something serious is n't done , " he warns , "  dramas like these will be repeated . This problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand . " Increasingly , some Italians are losing their patience . Two northern regions , Veneto and Valle d'Aosta , have declared they will no longer accept new migrants . The rightist Lega Nord has made opposition to new migrants a pillar of its party program . Others , however , insist Italy must keep its doors open . In Catania port , I spoke with Grazia Giurato , who had joined a small protest in solidarity with the migrants . "  Many years ago , our grandparents emigrated , " she recalled . "  Let 's keep that in mind . " Indeed , in tougher times , millions of impoverished Italians left their homeland to settle in the Americas and Australia . They , too , like the migrants from Africa and the Middle East , were fleeing grinding poverty and war . And they , too , experienced the kind of prejudice and resentment in lands their descendants now proudly call home . That 's the long view , perhaps . But now , today , Italians are grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills , ranging from failing states and failing economies to endemic corruption , hopeless poverty , oppression and injustice that no one state or group of states can solve without a gargantuan , expensive and politically daunting effort . And while this crisis has been brewing for years , it is now truly upon us .	Hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the Mediterranean in recent says And Italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe
CNN  -- He 's only 26 years old but Sebastian Vettel has already achieved so much in Formula One with four world titles under his belt and now a record-equaling ninth straight victory at the Brazilian Grand Prix on Sunday . The win capped a momentous season for the German and more are on the way , according former world champion Jody Scheckter who says Michael Schumacher 's record of seven world titles is well within his grasp . "  I think it 's hard to believe that he wo n't beat Michael 's record , " the 1979 world champion told CNN . "  Four championships in a row is incredible . I ca n't see him not beating the record . I thought nobody would ever beat that record . " The 63-year-old South African puffs out his cheeks when asked to name Vettel 's best performance . "  All of them ! He seems to get out in front and stay there and pull away . It 's incredible really . He 's obviously magic , " says Scheckter before highlighting the technical nous required to be a champion . "  It 's very technical , more than other sports , " he says . "  You 've got to understand all the complexities of the car ... then you 're getting in that car , driving it fast , keeping it on the limit and not doing stupid things because that 's quite easy to do . " With so much to focus on , it 's easy to see why Vettel and previously Schumacher might come across as being cold , methodical and big-headed , perhaps . But the characterization is n't necessarily fair , Scheckter says . "  Both Michael and Sebastian are concentrating on what it takes to win . Sometimes from the outside it looks arrogant . I see it in a different light to other people , " Scheckter says . "  The first thing is to win and the next thing is to be nice . Jackie Stewart could always be nice , talk to everybody else and then  still go on to win  . I was the complete opposite . " Three-time world champion Stewart , who spoke to CNN on the eve of the Brazilian Grand Prix , thinks Vettel 's personality shines through in a different way . "  He 's a very charismatic young man as far as I 'm concerned just because of his skill , " Stewart said . "  He 's very modest , he 's only 26 years of age and he 's the most mature 26-year-old driver I 've ever seen . He 's had a sensational season . " Yet despite his achievements , Stewart hesitates to rank Vettel alongside all-time greats like Argentina 's five-time champion Juan Manuel Fangio and Scot Jim Clark or more recent multiple champions Alain Prost or Niki Lauda . Not yet , anyway . "  You 've just got to wait and see what the future holds because he 's got a car that 's faster than anybody else 's right now and a designer  Adrian Newey  that 's probably the most brilliant in the history of motorsports . So he 's had a huge advantage . " the Scot said . Vettel , who also equaled Schumacher 's record of 13 wins in a season with victory in Interlagos , will look to match his compatriot 's run of five straight world titles next season . Scheckter , for one , envisages a closer constructors ' championship in 2014 because of all the regulation changes , but he still ca n't look beyond Vettel and Red Bull . "  I still would n't bet against them . I would have thought that some of the top teams would show up better going into the new situation and make it better . I 've been surprised by Lotus . You never know . "	1979 world champion gives his assessment on Sebastian Vettel during 2013 season Scheckter expects Vettel to dominate for foreseeable future Jackie Stewart tells CNN it 's too early to place Vettel in ranks of all-time greats
