WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed an executive order Monday repealing a Bush-era policy that limited federal tax dollars for embryonic stem cell research . President Obama signs the executive order on stem cell policy Monday at the White House . Obama 's move overturns an order signed by President Bush in 2001 that barred the National Institutes of Health from funding research on embryonic stem cells beyond using 60 cell lines that existed at that time . Obama also signed a presidential memorandum establishing greater independence for federal science policies and programs . "  In recent years , when it comes to stem cell research , rather than furthering discovery , our government has forced what I believe is a false choice between sound science and moral values , " Obama said at the White House . "  In this case , I believe the two are not inconsistent . As a person of faith , I believe we are called to care for each other and work to ease human suffering . I believe we have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research -- and the humanity and conscience to do so responsibly . " Watch as Obama announces he 's lifting the funding ban " The president pledged to develop "  strict guidelines " to ensure that such research "  never opens the door to the use of cloning for human reproduction . " Such a possibility , he maintained , is "  dangerous , profoundly wrong and has no place in our society or any society . " Obama 's order directs the NIH to develop revised guidelines on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research within 120 days , according to Dr. Harold Varmus , president of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and co-chairman of Obama 's science advisory council . "  The president is , in effect , allowing federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research to the extent that it 's permitted by law -- that is , work with stem cells themselves , not the derivation of stem cells , " Varmus said in a conference call with reporters Sunday . While conceding that "  the full promise of stem cell research remains unknown " and "  should not be overstated , " Obama nevertheless expressed hope that the order will help spur faster progress in the search for cures to afflictions such as Parkinson 's disease , cancer and spinal cord injuries . See a map of nations that have taken a lead in using human embryos in stem cell research " Researchers highly value embryonic stem cells because of their potential to turn into any organ or tissue cell in the body . Stem cells have this ability for a short time . A few days before the embryo would implant in the uterus , it starts to develop into specific cells that will turn into skin or eyes or other parts of a developing fetus . Watch a doctor explain why embryotic stem cells are so important " When the embryo is 4 or 5 days old , scientists extract the stem cells and put them in a petri dish . With the removal of these stem cells -- of which there may be about 30 -- the embryo is destroyed . Twenty-one of the 60 stem cell lines authorized for research under the Bush policy have proven useful to researchers . Bush twice vetoed legislation -- in July 2006 and June 2007 -- that would have expanded federally funded embryonic stem cell research . At the time , Bush maintained that scientific advances allowed researchers to conduct groundbreaking research without destroying human embryos . Conservative leaders echoed Bush 's rationale in their criticism of Obama 's decision . "  Advancements in science and research have moved faster than the debates among politicians in Washington , D.C. , and breakthroughs announced in recent years confirm the full potential of stem cell research can be realized without the destruction of living human embryos , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Sunday . Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , said the Bush policy imposed proper ethical limits on science . "  My basic tenet here is I do n't think we should create life to enhance life and to do research and so forth , " Shelby said Sunday . "  I know that people argue there are other ways . I think we should continue our biomedical research everywhere we can , but we should have some ethics about it . " The issue of whether to lift the ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research has , however , exposed a clear rift between the more moderate and conservative factions of the GOP . In February , a group of six moderate GOP congressmen sent a letter to Obama urging him to lift the funding ban . Former first lady Nancy Reagan also issued a statement Monday thanking Obama for lifting the ban . "  These new rules will now make it possible for scientists to move forward , " Reagan said . "  Countless people , suffering from many different diseases , stand to benefit from the answers stem cell research can provide . We owe it to ourselves and to our children to do everything in our power to find cures for these diseases . " President Reagan was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease after leaving office -- an affliction that many scientists say eventually may be cured with the help of embryonic stem cell research . Obama 's presidential memorandum , however , may turn out to have a broader impact than his executive order . The memorandum is expected to create a clear change of tone from the Bush administration on a broad range of scientific issues . Bush 's critics argued the former president allowed political factors improperly to influence funding decisions for science initiatives as well as to skew official government findings on issues such as global warming . Watch a GOP congressman say Obama is ` behind the times ' " Obama 's memorandum directs the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy "  to develop a strategy for restoring scientific integrity to government decision-making . " In a thinly veiled criticism of his predecessor , Obama reiterated a promise to base "  public policies on the soundest science " as well as to "  appoint scientific advisers based on their credentials and experience , not their politics or ideology . "	NEW : Former first lady Nancy Reagan thanks President Obama for lifting funding ban Obama : "  We have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research " Bush-era policy on embryonic stem cell research reversed Advocates : Move could boost medical progress ; critics object to embryo destruction
EW.com  -- When Lady Gaga flounces onto a concert stage in one of her Marie Antoinette-gone - "  Clockwork Orange " getups , there 's never much doubt that you 're watching a glorious " monster . " The magic of Katy Perry , by contrast , is that she 'll show up to perform in a shiny blue wig with Bettie Page bangs wearing oversize spinning lollipops pinned to her breasts ... and damned if she still does n't look like the girl next door . In the thrilling 3-D concert film "  Katy Perry : Part of Me , " there are a lot of things to love about Perry , from her sweetly sexy and pert beauty to her full-throated voice to the outrageous hookiness of songs like " Teenage Dream " and " Last Friday Night "  to me , her greatest track  . Yet you could talk about every one of those things without capturing what 's most special about Perry : the joy that beams out of her like a holy light . "  Part of Me " works hard to prove it 's more than a glorified infomercial , and one reason it is more is that Perry has a startling story to tell . The daughter of Pentecostal ministers , she grew up in a Christian bubble , sheltered from pop . But once she embraced pop , she did so with an almost religious zeal . The film also documents the breakup of her marriage to Russell Brand , and though it 's glimpsed from the sidelines , Perry 's despair is on full display . "  Part of Me " demonstrates why feeling the sorrow may help to project the joy . EW 's grade : A - See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW gives "  Katy Perry : Part of Me " an A - The magic of Katy Perry is that she still seems like the girl next door The film documents her Pentecostal upbringing and her breakup with Russell Brand
CNN  -- Norway 's official mourning period for victims of a bombing and shooting rampage ended Sunday with a national remembrance ceremony in Oslo . The Oslo bombing and Utoya island shooting killed a total of 77 people last month . "  In the time behind us , we have followed 77 people to their graves , " King Harald V told mourners at Sunday 's ceremony in Oslo . "  We have gotten to know each of them a little from the stories about them . Seventy-seven lives of people who wanted to change the world are gone . We will keep their memory alive by keeping their fight for a better world alive . I say to you as I said on the day after the tragedy -- freedom is stronger than fear . " The ceremony came a day after survivors returned for the first time to the site of the island shooting , where the gunman killed 69 people . He also bombed the Oslo government buildings on the same day , killing eight more people . Most of the victims were at a political summer camp held by the youth wing of the governing Labour Party at the time of the July 22 shooting attack . Most survivors made it out alive by hiding among rocks or diving into the chilly waters around the island . Before the survivors ' visit , relatives of those killed traveled to the island Friday for the first time to see where their loved ones spent their final moments . Many lit candles and left flowers in makeshift shrines . The suspect in both attacks , Anders Breivik , was ordered held in isolation for four more weeks Friday after appearing before a judge in Oslo . If removed from isolation , there 's danger that he will tamper with evidence and hinder the police investigation , the judge said . Breivik , 32 , had told the court that being held in isolation is "  boring , monotonous and a sadistic method of torture , " the judge said . The suspect admitted the attacks , a judge and his lawyer say , but has pleaded not guilty in court . CNN 's Cynthia Wamwayi contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We will keep their memory alive , " says Norway 's king The ceremony comes a day after survivors of the island shooting return to the site for the first time A judge orders the suspect , Anders Breivik , to be held in isolation for four more weeks The twin attacks kill 77 people , many of them youth The suspect admits the attacks , but pleads not guilty in court
Two names and two families at the heart of a tragedy . Al-Samani al-Hadi is one of three brothers , and what he calls their "  private family business " has captured the attention of the world . "  Firstly I want to say , I am the brother of the convicted woman Abrar al-Hadi " , he tells CNN in his first sit-down interview since the woman he claims is his sister -- known as Mariam Yahya Ibrahim in media reports -- was sentenced to death by a court in Sudan for abandoning the Muslim faith . The woman , 27 , was raised as a Christian by her mother and is married to a Christian man . But because her father -- who deserted the family when the woman was a child -- was Muslim , the courts consider her to be the same and asked her to recant her faith . She refused , and is now languishing in Omdurman Women 's Prison , just outside Khartoum . "  Her name is n't Mariam , her name is Abrar al-Hadi . I am al-Samani al-Hadi Mohamed Abdullah , her full -- older -- brother , " al-Hadi , speaking to CNN from an Islamic Center in Omdurman , tells us as he rattles off dates and details in an attempt to prove this is the sister he grew up with . He says she started primary school in 1992 , and middle school eight years later . He even remembers the score she got on a critical exam -- "  she got a 73.7 percent , " according to al-Hadi . Al-Hadi says his mother and brothers attended their sister 's university graduation ceremony in Khartoum . Nothing , he says , seemed amiss . Then , he says , she met her husband Daniel and his sister . He claims Daniel -- whom he called "  the Priest " -- fed his sister "  potions " to convert her to Christianity . Daniel Wani and his wife tell a very different story . They say they were introduced through his sister in 2009 and married in 2011 . Mariam , as Wani calls his wife , was a committed Christian -- attending church with a frequency that far outstripped his own . Wani says he never saw the man claiming to be his brother-in-law until the trial began . When I put this to Al-Samani al-Hadi , he tells me : "  Then she is lying to both the Christians and the Muslims . " "  She went missing in Ramadan -LSB- July -RSB- last year for 45 days . That 's when we went to the police . When she was picked up we found her face was different , the way she looked at us was different . She was bewitched . "  When she stood in front of the court she said her name was Mariam Yahya . We were shocked . " The case dragged on for seven months , during which time they brought fingerprint and identity documentation , photocopies of which have since been disseminated to local reporters . The documents -- which the court ruled to be genuine -- purport to show that the fingerprints recorded for the national identity card issued in the name of "  Abrar " at the Sudanese government registry offices were an exact match to those the court took from Mariam . Wani told CNN that even if his wife is released , he fears for his family 's safety from al-Hadi and his brothers . Wani is a U.S. citizen and is attempting to secure asylum there for his wife , along with citizenship for his two children . That process , he says , is being delayed by U.S. demands for paternity testing of the children . When asked by reporters earlier in the week if this was true , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  Genetic testing is a useful tool for verifying a biological relationship . " Mariam -- or Abrar -- is currently hoping her that the courts will believe the story of her life as she tells it , according to her husband . She insists that she was brought up by a Christian mother and has never practiced Islam . And in spite of visits by religious scholars and Sudanese government officials pressuring her to recant , it 's a story she 's sticking to . I found myself returning to the same question time and again in this interview -- is al-Hadi really prepared to see the woman he claims is his sister killed ? "  It 's one of two ; if she repents and returns to our Islamic faith and to the embrace of our family then we are her family and she is ours . We are prepared to hold her dearer than the apples of our eyes . But if she refuses she should be executed . " Even as all eyes are on Sudan 's Court of Appeal , for al-Hadi there is no turning back . "  Why would I indulge my humanity , my emotions and incur the wrath of my Lord ? That 's not how it works for us . " READ MORE : Husband of jailed woman fears for family 's lives READ MORE : Sudan 's Christians "  scared to pray " after ruling	Man claims to be brother of Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy in Sudan Al-Samani al-Hadi says the woman he claims is his sister should recant or be executed Woman 's husband says he had never seen al-Hadi before his wife 's trial began Western leaders have decried the verdict and asked Khartoum to free the woman
CNN  -- The vast sums of money made by football 's middle men continues to soar , with English Premier League clubs this week detailing huge amounts paid to agents for helping to seal multi-million-dollar deals during the last 12 months . Big-spending table-toppers Manchester City predictably had the highest outlay , paying agents to the tune of $ 15.2 million between October 1 , 2010 and September 30 , 2011 for aiding the transfer of players such as Sergio Aguero , Samir Nasri and Edin Dzeko . Immediately behind City were Tottenham Hotspur  $ 12 million  and Liverpool  $ 11 million  . These figures beg the question , what do England 's biggest clubs gain from the use of agents and why are the payments made to them so large ? The total Â # 71.87 million  $ 112.8 million  spent in that period is a rise of almost $ 7.5 million . "  It 's very hard to know , to be honest -- clubs need to give us some answers , " World Soccer Magazine editor Gavin Hamilton told CNN . "  There 's no reason that they should be that high , because most of those clubs have very good scouting networks . " Poland and Ukraine primed for Euro 2012 kick-off Hamilton believes that with clubs now possessing wide-ranging global scouting networks , the need to pay such large sums to agents should be lessened . "  They discover and scout players themselves , and the clubs that are n't scouting players are relying on agents . They do n't need to be doing that . They 've got their own scouting network , " he said . With agents primarily employed to negotiate deals on behalf of players with their respective clubs , Hamilton argues it is the footballers themselves who should foot the bill for their services . "  It 's the player that hires the agent to secure them a transfer , a new contract , so the players really should be paying the fees , " he said . "  It 's a big surprise to me that clubs continue to cover agents ' fees , rather than insist the players , who are so well paid , reward their agents for the work they 've done . " While the spending on agents could be considered as an unnecessary expense , Hamilton praised England 's top division for showing the sort of transparency lacking in other top European leagues . "  I think it 's a positive that the Premier League actually publishes the information , " he explained . "  The Premier League has to be applauded for publishing the figures . "  It 's a good thing that they 're published , it 's a bad thing that they 're so high . " Hamilton also outlined the danger of having agents who represent managers and players employed by the same club , such as when manager Mark Hughes and Argentina striker Carlos Tevez were both at Manchester City while being represented by Israeli Kia Joorabchian . "  I think certain clubs rely on particular agents who are not just representing players , but also representing managers , " he said . "  Managers now have agents . The Sunderland appointment , replacing Steve Bruce , there are a number of managers in the frame for the job who are with agents who also have high-profile players . "  There 's a clear conflict of interest there and clubs tend to rely on managers who share an agent with players , and I think that is a dangerous situation to get into . " Hamilton wants stronger regulations placed upon agents , and hopes that financial fair-play regulations set to be introduced by European football 's governing body UEFA will help improve the situation . The new rules are aimed at preventing clubs across Europe spending beyond their means in pursuit of on-field success . "  It 's the nature of the modern game at the moment , it 's unregulated and the money is going out of the game into the bank accounts of agents , " Hamilton said . "  I think over the next few years we are going to see more regulation with UEFA 's financial fair play . "  What they 're trying to do with financial fair play is have a system in place where clubs regulate their own spending , and clubs are aware that they ca n't just be throwing money at players and wages . "  I think UEFA are moving in the right direction , but it 's the clubs who have got take up the initiative . There will always be agents around trying to take money out of the game . "	The English Premier League has revealed the amount spent by its clubs on agents Big-spending Manchester City lead the way , splashing out $ 15.2 million on agents World Soccer 's Gavin Hamilton argues players should pay for their representation He also argues against players and managers at the same club sharing an agent
CNN  -- Rescuers have saved more than 50 whales and five dolphins that stranded themselves on a beach in Tasmania , officials said Monday . More than 190 whales washed ashore on King island . The 54 pilot whales were among a group of 192 that beached themselves a day earlier on King island , which lies between Tasmania and the southeastern tip of Australia . Tasmania 's Parks and Wildlife Service said the whales had been put back to sea at high tide . The rest perished . "  This means all the surviving whales have now been refloated , " it said in a statement . Parks and Wildlife Service spokesman Chris Arthur said it was not unusual for whales and dolphins to strand together . Watch rescuers haul creatures back out to sea " In November 2004 , a group of 97 long-finned whales and bottle nosed dolphins beached at Sea Elephant Bay in King Island . All the animals died . Over 90 percent of Australia 's mass whale strandings occur in Tasmania , according to the Parks and Wildlife Service . "  This last summer has been a particularly demanding one , not only for the specialist Parks and Wildlife Service officers ... but also the volunteers and local communities who have worked together at four major strandings this summer , " Arthur said .	54 pilot whales among a group of 192 that beached themselves King Island off Tasmania is a hotspot for whale beachings Experts say it is not uncommon for whales and dolphins to beach together
CNN  -- Three members of a U.S. Navy helicopter crew were killed after their helicopter went down in the waters off San Diego , California , a Navy spokeswoman said Wednesday . Rescuers are still searching for the two remaining crew members from the helicopter , which went down late Tuesday night , U.S. Navy spokeswoman Karin Burzynski said . No further details concerning the deaths were immediately available . Burzynski said the helicopter was operating from the USS Nimitz . The Navy received word that the helicopter went down around 11:30 p.m. Tuesday , she said . It crashed about 20 miles off the Mexican coast , the Navy said . Coast Guard spokesman Henry Dunphy told CNN earlier that Coast Guard helicopters and boats , as well as vessels from other agencies , were helping in the search .	NEW : Rescuers still searching for two people missing from Tuesday night crash Coast Guard using helicopters and boats to search ocean for crew Copter was doing training off coast of Mexico , near San Diego , when it crashed
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Commuters on the New York-New Jersey Port Authority Trans-Hudson  PATH  rail system will have added security screening Wednesday as part of a month-long pilot program , according to a news release from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Riders of the New York-New Jersey PATH trains will see a new security system in place on Wednesday . The screening system is called the Passive Millimeter Wave . It can detect threats , including explosive devices , hidden under clothing , the Port Authority explained in the news release . The Transportation Security Administration and the Port Authority stress that there is no current threat to the mass transit system , nor do they anticipate delays for commuters from the new technology , which has already been tested at several other transit locations . The Passive Millimeter Wave "  detects threats by analyzing the energy generated by the human body , " according to TSA spokesperson Lara Uselding . The camera-like device displays an image for operators , and "  an indicator produces a strength bar from green to red that indicates the presence/absence of anomalies that could have security implications , including the possible presence of explosives , " according to the TSA Web site . The TSA and the Port Authority emphasize that the device is non-invasive and completely safe . The Port Authority 's news release explains that all PATH passengers are subject to the pilot security screening , and passengers who do not want take part must leave the station . The TSA has partnered with agencies in various cities in the past to test out the same security screening system , including in 2007 at Washington 's Union Station and on New York 's Staten Island Ferry . The TSA has also tested the system at several U.S. airports including Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota ; Denver , Colorado ; and Boston , Massachusetts .	PATH riders to have new security starting Wednesday ; part of a month-long program System called Passive Millimeter Wave ; it detects hidden explosives under clothing Do n't want to be screened ? Then leave station , says Port Authority System previously tested at Staten Island Ferry , several U.S. airports
CNN  Michael Brown 's gunshot wounds included a shot in the hand at close range , his official autopsy shows , according to an analysis reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . A county official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN the autopsy document that the Post used to do its report is authentic . The detail could lend credence to Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson 's account that he and the unarmed black teenager scuffled at his patrol car before Brown was shot and killed . Wilson told investigators that during a struggle for his pistol inside a police SUV , Brown pressed the barrel of Wilson 's gun against the officer 's hip , the Post-Dispatch reported , citing a source with knowledge of his statements . The officer tried to prevent Brown from reaching the trigger , the source told the newspaper , and when he thought he had control he fired . But Brown 's hand was blocking the mechanism , the Post-Dispatch reported . Wilson said he fired two shots , and Brown was hit in the hand and ran . He told investigators that he fired again when Brown turned back and charged at him , according to the paper . Earlier , a private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed the teen had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . The official autopsy , as published by the Post-Dispatch , said Brown sustained six gunshot entrance wounds . New details leak , stoke protests Friend gives different story Dorian Johnson , who was walking with Brown on the street when the shooting occurred , told CNN that the officer pulled up and told them to get on a sidewalk . They told him they were almost home and would be off the street shortly . Still in his car , the officer grabbed Brown by his neck , but he tried to pull away as the officer pulled him toward him , Johnson said . The officer drew his weapon and fired , hitting Brown , Johnson said . A bloodied Brown took off running , but the officer followed him and fired , according to Johnson . Brown turned around with his hands up and told the officer he was unarmed , but the officer fired and the teen hit the ground , Johnson said . Complete coverage of the events in Ferguson More details revealed Brown 's blood was found on the officer 's uniform and inside his police car , law enforcement sources told CNN earlier this week . Those sources corroborated details first reported by The New York Times . At least one of the wounds Brown suffered is consistent with a struggle and appeared to be fired at close range , according to a different source with first-hand knowledge of the investigation . "  That tends to support any testimony that there was some kind of scuffle in the police car , " CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos said . "  And if so , that tends to support Officer Wilson 's testimony and his justification for using deadly force . " But Cevallos said the details about Brown 's blood on the officer 's gun and on his uniform might only go so far in helping the officer 's case . "  Ultimately , that officer will have to come up with justification not for firing his gun the first time , but for each and every bullet that came out of his firearm -- whether at the car or away from the car , " he said . Brown 's death is the subject of two inquiries : one by a St. Louis County grand jury considering whether Wilson should be charged , and the other by federal investigators looking into whether any civil rights violations occurred . Day of protests Under the name Ferguson October , activists demanding justice for Brown will host a protest in the Missouri town Wednesday . Numerous other protests are also expected in cities across the country -- in Sacramento , California ; San Francisco ; New York City ; Philadelphia ; Athens , Ohio ; and Greensboro , North Carolina , among others . CNN 's Evan Perez , Sara Sidner and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	Official autopsy : Brown sustained 6 gunshot entrance wounds Sources told CNN that Brown 's blood was on the officer 's uniform and in his car Legal analyst : The officer will still have to explain why he fired all the shots
CNN  -- The nation 's suburban schools added 3.4 million students to their rolls over the past 15 years -- and nearly all of them were minorities , according to a study released Tuesday . Jean Bonner teaches fourth-graders last month at Middleburg Elementary in suburban Washington . Yet the new arrivals resulted in only a modest increase in the individual schools ' racial and ethnic diversity , the study said . "  The school districts look like they are more diverse , but within your school districts , if the whites are in one school , the blacks in a different school and the Hispanics in yet a different school , it does n't necessarily mean the suburban whites have more black and Hispanic classmates -- because they do n't go to the same school , " said Richard Fry , senior research associate at the Pew Hispanic Center in Washington , who wrote the report . Using federal government data , Fry found that minority students made up 99 percent of the increase in suburban school enrollment between the 1993-94 and 2006-07 school years . During that time , the student body at the nation 's suburban schools went from 72 percent white to 59 percent white ; from 12 percent black to 15 percent black ; from 11 percent Hispanic to 20 percent Hispanic ; and from 5 percent Asian to 6 percent Asian . The diversity , however , is not reflected at the individual school level . For example , in 2006-07 , the typical white suburban student attended a school whose student body was 75 percent white , down from 83 percent white in 1993-94 , Fry wrote . "  So at a time when the white share of student enrollment in suburban school districts was falling by 13 percentage points , the exposure of the typical white suburban student to minority students in his or her own school was growing by a little more than half that much -- or 8 percentage points , " the report said . From another point of view , the typical black suburban student attended a school in 2006-07 that was 34 percent white , down from 43 percent white in 1993-94 . But Latino suburban students tended to become more segregated over the same time period -- in 2006-07 , the typical such student was in a school that was 49 percent Latino , versus 42 percent Latino in 1993-94 . Suburban schools accounted for most of the change in demographics , according to the study , accounting for two-thirds of the 5.1 million increase in the number of students nationwide over that time period . City schools tended to be more segregated than their suburban counterparts , the study said , with the typical urban black student attending a school with 60 percent black enrollees ; and the typical Latino student attending a school with 63 percent Latino enrollment . Minority students in rural areas and in towns tended to be more exposed to whites than were their suburban counterparts . The typical black student in a town or rural area attended a school where whites composed 47 percent of the student body and blacks 44 percent . The typical Latino student in a town or rural area attended a school where whites made up 43 percent of the student body , and Latinos made up 47 percent . Asians in suburban schools saw only a slight uptick in isolation -- from 23 percent Asian to 24 percent Asian over the time period . However , "  white students are n't going to school with as many black and Hispanic students as the aggregate school district enrollment numbers indicate , " Fry said in a telephone interview . School diversity has long been considered an important marker of racial equality in education . "  When students of different racial/ethnic backgrounds do not attend the same schools , the potential exists that they also may not attend the same type of schools , i.e. , schools of similar quality and level of resources , " Fry wrote . "  Racial differences in school quality ... can not exist if schools are racially balanced . " The study identified the nation 's most-segregated suburban school district as Maywood-Melrose Park-Broadview 89 School District in suburban Chicago , Illinois , based on its "  dissimilarity index " of 0.79 . That index means that 79 percent of the district 's minority students would have to be moved to different schools in order for the schools ' student bodies to mirror the ethnic makeup of the surrounding population , he said . The 0.74 figure for suburban Atlanta , Georgia 's , DeKalb County means "  you would have to move about three-quarters of DeKalb County 's black students to a different school " in order to get racial balance , he said . Calls to school superintendents in both districts were not immediately returned . "  The suburbs seem to have grown a lot more diverse , " Fry concluded . "  The place you 'd expect to see it is among kids . But when you actually look at where kids go to school , it 's not clear that white kids are going to school with a whole bunch more different classmates than they used to -- a little bit more , but not as much as the aggregate measures would suggest . "	Minorities made up 99 percent of increase in suburban school rolls , study says Diversity rose , but typical white suburban students attend 75 percent-white schools Expert : Racial differences in schools "  can not exist if schools are racially balanced " Most-segregated suburban district lies in suburban Chicago , Illinois , study finds
Last college football season , everybody was talking about Johnny Manziel . But Manziel was n't talking about anybody . The Texas A&M quarterback and 2012 Heisman trophy winner -- better known by his aww-shucks , all-American nickname , Johnny Football -- was not allowed to give any interviews , in accordance with head coach Kevin Sumlin 's rules for all freshmen players . Once the regular season ended , and Johnny Football hysteria hit its height , Sumlin lifted the ban . Finally , a chance to get to know more about the superstar quarterback about whom , despite all his nationally televised on-field fireworks , so much was still shrouded in pigskin-scented mystery . "  What will he say ? " "  What 's he like ? " Eager fans and sports writers could n't wait for the public Johnny Football to emerge . And he did -- uneventfully -- on November 26 , 2012 . But now , after another scandal in an offseason that has been too eventful , Manziel and fans alike may have been better off with the Private Johnny Football . On Sunday it was revealed that Manziel is the subject of an NCAA investigation for possibly being paid to autograph football memorabilia , which would violate the NCAA 's rules prohibiting athletes from making money by "  promoting or advertising the commercial sale of a product or service . " And so Johnny Football 's roller coaster of unprecedented success and relentless scandal continues . Here 's a recap of some of his other highs and lows . February 2 , 2011 : The highly recruited quarterback officially signs with Texas A&M . Manziel was the nation 's 14th-ranked QB prospect and agrees to take a redshirt his freshman season . June 29 , 2012 : Manziel is arrested in College Station , Texas , after a bar fight . He 's charged with fighting , failure to identify and possession of fake IDs . November 11 , 2012 : Manziel leads Texas A&M to the biggest upset of the college football season , beating Alabama 29-24 . Manziel throws for 253 yards and two touchdowns and rushes for another 93 yards . Johnny Football Fever spreads across the country . December 8 , 2012 : Manziel becomes the first freshman to win the Heisman Trophy , after a record-breaking season during which he threw for 3,706 yards and ran for 1,410 and 21 touchdowns . Fellow Heisman finalist Manti Te'o said the dual-threat Manziel "  is a human video game . " December 24 , 2012 : Manziel plays golf with Jonas Brothers Joe and Nick . Whether this is a high or a low depends on your radio presets . January 4 : Johnny Football ends his season with a 41-13 pounding of Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl . He 's named the game 's MVP after throwing and rushing for more than 200 yards each . January 5 : Johnny Football begins his offseason by partying at a Houston nightclub ... with his parents reportedly in attendance . Pictures of Manziel end up on TMZ -- including one of him flexing while chomping on a sparkler . He also posts an Instagram photo showing off his legal winnings from an Oklahoma casino . It 's relatively harmless stuff , but the "  party boy " reputation soon leads to concerns and quotes like these ... January 16 : Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops says of Manziel , "  If they can keep him out of jail or keep him eligible , he 's gon na be pretty good . " Stoops then adds of the occasionally oversharing quarterback , "  If they can keep him off Twitter , he might win three or four Heismans . " March 7 : Manziel tweets , "  Spring Break ! Finally ready for some time with the crew and well needed trip to Cabo ! " Pictures follow -- lots of them . Many people wonder aloud if it 's OK that a college student on spring break is having a really good time . May 17 : Manziel takes batting practice with the San Diego Padres and hits a home run , of course . June 16 : He tweets "  Bulls -- like tonight is a reason why I ca n't wait to leave college station ... whenever it may be . " The apparently anti-A & M post is dissected and criticized by sports analysts around the country . It 's later revealed the message was in reference to a parking ticket Manziel received . He later tweets fans should try to "  walk a day in my shoes . " Both tweets have been deleted . July 13 : Manziel is a no-show for a Saturday morning appearance at the Manning Passing Academy in Louisiana , where 1,200 campers were expecting him . He later told the staff that he was n't feeling well and stayed in . The quarterback was then sent home , reportedly by Archie Manning , igniting new questions about his maturity and ability to handle the spotlight . The next week , A&M head coach Kevin Sumlin said , "  I think , off the field , there 's no question he 's made some mistakes . " July 15 : Two days later , Manziel pleads guilty to possessing a fake driver 's license and was fined $ 2,000 in that 2012 bar fight case . August 4 : ESPN reports the NCAA is investigating whether Manziel was paid for autographs . The Heisman winner could be suspended if it 's determined he did receive money .	Johnny Manziel is under investigation amid allegations of being paid to sign items "  Johnny Football " became the first freshman winner of the Heisman trophy in 2012 Texas A&M coach forbade him from speaking to the media like other freshmen Once the ban was lifted , Manziel tweeted photos of himself gambling , partying
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Derek Mears has a big hockey mask to fill . Derek Mears arrives on the red carpet at the Hollywood premiere of the new "  Friday the 13th " movie . Mears was cast as the iconic boogeyman Jason Voorhees in the new "  Friday the 13th " movie . A remake of the original 1980 film , the new movie aims to breathe life into the former franchise about a psychopathic killer who preys on a group of young people at the fictitious Camp Crystal Lake . Mears is no stranger to the horror genre , having co-starred in "  The Hills Have Eyes II . " His career is extensive and includes stints as a stuntman in two of the popular "  Pirates of the Caribbean " films . He recently spoke to CNN about taking a turn as the ultimate evil , the thrill of continuing a slasher legacy and why he 's really not that bloody nice . CNN : You are n't that scary in person , so what made you think you could be that scary on camera ? Derek Mears : I 've got a lot of issues . I 've got a whole lot of daddy issues . No , I sound like a basket case . It 's funny with acting -- we all wear masks in our normal life . Not to sound like a weirdo in the hockey mask , but like right now I 'm really excited about the film and excited about playing the character , and I will start to speak faster . That 's kind of what 's coming over me : "  Oh you 're , you 're really nice , " but ... on the other side of me there are other Dereks that are angry , and like I said before , have a little bit of issues . CNN : Tell me a little bit about how you were approached . Did you know they were making it before they came to you ? Was it kind of a shock ? Mears : It 's so weird . There 's two different versions . There 's my version of how it went about , and there 's the producer 's version . I 'll tell the producer 's version because my version is really , really long . The short version of my version was I heard they were doing a new "  Friday the 13th , " and I 've never tried to pursue a role before and I went , I really want to do this . So when I heard they were doing it , before I even had an audition , I started training for it . I found out a little about what they wanted for the character -- that he was n't going to be super , you know bulky or big , that he 's more functional . He 's still big , but he 's lean . So I started training that way and trying to do what I could just to get an audition . On the other end , on the producer 's end , they asked a bunch of different industry professionals . They said , "  Hey , were doing a new ` Friday the 13th . ' Who do you think would be a great new Jason ? " And my name kept popping up , which I 'm blown away by . They brought me in for an audition , and I met with them . and they called me the next day and went , "  OK , you 're the guy . " And I still do n't believe it till this day . I 'm blown away . CNN : How did you keep it light on the set ? Mears : Believe it or not , all the actors ... got along so well . I have never been so close to a cast before on set . We were just goofing around and playing , but then when it 's time to work and get serious with certain scenes , we 'd all switch over and do our job and get to the point where we needed to . CNN : Had you seen any of the original "  Friday the 13th " movies ? Mears : Oh yeah . I mean , I 'm a fan . I consider myself a fan of the series . I already knew all of the originals . I had them all on DVD , and when I first met with Platinum Dunes -LSB- the production company behind the new movie -RSB- , I told them , "  Hey look , I 'm a fan of the series first and foremost . If I 'm right for the part , fantastic . If I 'm not right for the part , that 's OK , too . I , just as a fan , want to see a good ` Friday the 13th ' film . I want to see the series continue so if I can help it , awesome , but I just want to see something good . " CNN : Did you try to model your character after previous Jasons , or did you try to kind of take it and make it your own ? Mears : Definitely make it my own . I used the script that Mark Swift and Damian Shannon wrote as a blueprint -- like you would for any acting role where I knew the other guys who 've played "  Jason " before , and what they 've done , but you kind of shove that away somewhere deep in your brain and build your character from the new script . And there are times in the film here and there where I would do little tips of the hats or little homage for the guys who have played him before . CNN : It 's kind of a dream come true . Mears : Yeah , that 's why I keep saying the words this whole interview like "  unbelievable , " unbelievable because I do n't believe it . CNN : Which is funny . You do n't usually think of such happiness and glee -LSB- on a horror movie set -RSB- . Mears : And trust me , you wo n't see that in the final product . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this article .	Actor Derek Mears takes on role of Jason in new "  Friday the 13th " Actor heard from producers that he was a popular casting choice Of iconic role , Mears says he tried to "  definitely make it my own "
Dr. Ken Yeang is the world 's leading architect in ecological and passive low energy design . He has delivered over 200 built projects and his ` bioclimatic ' towers have had an impact around the world , fusing high-tech and organic principles . Born in Penang , Malaysia in 1948 , Yeang was educated there , as well as in the U.S. and the UK , receiving his doctorate in Architecture from Cambridge University , and attending graduate courses at the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard . His expertise in the field of green design originated from his early doctoral dissertation from Cambridge University  1971-1974  followed by his ongoing R&D work , which has since led to the publication of a number of his treatises on the topic of ecological design and planning , bioclimatic design and high-rise design . His publications include : "  The Skyscraper : Bioclimatically Considered , " "  The Green Skyscraper : The Basis for Designing Sustainable , Intensive Buildings , " and his latest book "  Ecodesign : A manual for Ecological Design . " He is a member of the RIBA and is registered with ARB . Over his 35 years of professional practice , he has seen to completion over a hundred projects on site , including having designed over 50 skyscrapers , with over 12 completed , and currently three towers in construction . He is best known as the inventor of the Bioclimatic skyscraper  as a genre of low-energy skyscrapers based on bioclimatic design principles  , and for his novel ideas on designing the high-rise building type as vertical urban design . E-mail to a friend	Born in Malaysia in 1948 , Yeang studied at Cambridge in the UK He is an expert in green design , incorporating organic and inorganic elements Yeang is best known as inventor of the bioclimatic skyscraper
Everybody in the world will be on the Internet within seven years . That 's what Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said this weekend in public comments that inspired everything from excitement to incredulity . "  For every person online , there are two who are not , " Schmidt wrote Saturday on his Google + account . "  By the end of the decade , everyone on Earth will be connected . " He followed up with a related thought on Sunday . "  Think about how great the internet is with 2B users . Now think about how amazing it will be when 5B come online in a decade . #NewDigitalAge . " It 's just the sort of big thinking that has led Google to become one of the largest and most innovative tech companies in the world . But some of Schmidt 's own followers took exception . "  You really believe that ? What about the millions in Africa who ca n't even get enough food to eat or the natives in South America who have no idea what technology is ? " a Google + user going by the name "  Mary M " wrote . "  Maybe you should rephrase to those in civilized areas or something like that ... " About 38 % of the world 's population uses the internet in 2013 , up from about 35 % last year , according to the International Telecommunication Union , a United Nations agency dedicated to information and communication technology . With poor and developing nations around the world isolated by crumbling or nonexistent Web infrastructures , and others hindered by factors ranging from remote geography to government censorship , is Schmidt 's vision overly optimistic ? Maybe . But do n't rule it out . As Business Insider 's Julie Bort notes , there are some projects under way to bring everyone the advantages of the digital age . Google itself supports a project called Geeks Without Frontiers , a nonprofit group that donates computers and related technology to poor areas around the world . Focusing largely on Mexico , Central America and Africa , the decade-old group now aims to bring wireless access to regions with no traditional Web access . Samsung also is backing a project to turn old shipping containers into solar-powered , Web-enabled classrooms in places like South Africa and Sudan . The rise of the mobile Web is also sure to play a role . In Africa , more people have access to a mobile phone than have access to electricity . In South Africa , for instance , Google says , 25 % of its searches during the week are via mobile devices , rising to 65 % on the weekends . What do you think ? Is Schmidt 's vision farfetched ? Or could it happen ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments .	Google chairman predicts the whole world will be on the Web by 2020 Eric Schmidt says Internet will be "  amazing " with 5 billion users Only about a third of the world 's people are on the Internet now Some remain skeptical it can be done in seven years
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Newt Gingrich 's candidacy received an unexpected boost when New Hampshire 's Union Leader endorsed him this weekend . The publisher wrote : "  We are in critical need of the innovative , forward-looking strategy and positive leadership that Gingrich has shown he is capable of providing . He did so with the Contract with America . He did it in bringing in the first Republican House in 40 years and by forging balanced budgets and even a surplus despite the political challenge of dealing with a Democratic President . " Say what you will about Gingrich , but he thrives when it comes to the politics of ideas . Gingrich , a former history professor , is extraordinarily comfortable when it comes to vigorous and open debates about the ideas of conservatism . Rarely satisfied with the status quo , Gingrich likes to try pushing the boundaries of what his party stands for . "  People overvalue money and undervalue ideas , " Gingrich recently told one newspaper . "  That 's part of the core gamble of this campaign . I actually think ideas matter . " His candidacy comes at a time when Republicans have not devoted much time to intellectual introspection . For decades , the party became comfortable with the privileges of power . Republicans spent more time focusing on how they wanted to use their power and protect their political position than on talking about the ideas that the party stood for . The Republican loss of control of Congress in 2006 and horrendous approval ratings of President George W. Bush in 2008 led many conservatives to demand that the party reinvent itself from the grass roots up . Yet the tea party movement has had trouble finding national politicians who were interested , or capable of doing the intellectual legwork that revitalization would require . In certain respects , Gingrich fits the bill . The Georgian entered the national scene in the 1970s , an era when Republicans had no other choice but to pay attention to their core principles . Democrats had controlled Congress since 1952 and liberal ideas dominated the worlds of think tanks , academia and journalism . From the perspective of conservatives , the only modern Republicans who had been elected to the White House before 1980 -- Dwight Eisenhower and Richard Nixon -- were essentially Democrats-Lite . Gerald Ford , also far too moderate in their view , was an accidental president . So Gingrich and other Republicans set out to remake the Republican Party . Attracted by the vibrant conservative movement , Gingrich tapped into the ideas put forth by conservative intellectuals about supply-side economics , deregulation , and anti-communism . Although President Ronald Reagan was mocked by some as an actor in the White House who followed his script , Reagan was like Gingrich in that he spent much of his early adulthood deeply immersed in journals such as Human Events and in reading some of the prominent thinkers of the time . Throughout the 1970s , this generation of conservatives took ideas seriously . They established think tanks such as CATO Institute and financed academic scholarship about conservatism . Elected to the House in 1978 , Gingrich adopted an unusual political style that mixed the promotion of conservative ideas with hard-nosed political tactics . He used his positions in the House opposition to champion the ideas of the conservative movement , while employing aggressive tactics to challenge Democrats . Gingrich went on C-SPAN and accused Democrats of being weak against communism . He used the new ethics rules instituted in the 1970s to bring down Speaker James Wright in 1989 . In 1994 , Gingrich was the key person behind the Contract with America , a 10-point platform for what the GOP would do if it retook control of Congress . While simplistic and a public relations gimmick , it did send the message to voters in 1994 that the GOP would be about more than power and patronage . Rather , its candidates would come to Washington seeking to pursue a series of ideas about government . Gingrich never had much luck in leadership positions . Once he was speaker of the House , his career took a downward turn . He had trouble adjusting to the position of being a leader . Colleagues joked that 70 % of Gingrich could be president , while the other 30 % explained why he was not . Gingrich proved unable to tame members of his own party and to bring about a deal . His difficulty controlling what he said in front of the media led to embarrassing moments , such as when he was mocked as a "  cry baby " for having complained that President Bill Clinton did n't speak to him on Air Force One on the trip to Israel for the funeral of Yitzhak Rabin  though the White House released pictures showing that he did  and that he had to exit the rear of the plane . In the end , as the partisan wars led to the House decision to impeach Clinton , Gingrich was forced to step aside as a result of his own affair , his ethics violations , and the poor results of the 1998 midterms . While it is unlikely that Gingrich , with his personal baggage and lack of discipline , will survive the caucuses and primaries , he could offer Republicans a useful boost in the coming months . Thus far much of the competition among the Republican candidates has been remarkably stale , revolving around the rise and fall of quirky personalities or around debates about who is most likely to beat President Obama . While all of these are valid and predictable issues for this stage of the campaign , they do n't offer much to inspire . As was evident in Tuesday 's debate on national security , Gingrich does n't mind shaking things up . He 'll challenge the Republican orthodoxy on immigration and raise questions about how the party should handle challenges such as health care . He will stimulate other candidates to join in these kinds of debates , thinking through what the party should stand for . This would help them make a more compelling case to voters for their candidacy -- beyond simply not being Obama . This is especially important amid the dysfunction in government that keeps Washington from doing much about anything . The idea man has an important role in American politics , even if he himself is unable to win office . Gingrich fills that role , giving Republicans a candidate who is thinking more seriously about what the party is trying to accomplish and how to command the loyalty of voters for years to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Newt Gingrich got the endorsement of the New Hampshire Union Leader Julian Zelizer says Gingrich aids GOP by putting focus on what it should stand for Gingrich has been more successful at promoting ideas than in leadership roles , he says Zelizer : Gingrich unlikely to win , but his impact will be felt
CNN  -- When even the most secluded beach on the mainland is too crowded , there 's always the option of renting a private island for your vacation . Really . Many would require every credit card you 've got and more , but others are a little more within reach -- especially if you rent with a group of friends . Whether you 're planning or dreaming , here are a few extraordinary places to get away from it all : Vomo Island , Fiji Fijian royal chiefs once liked to head to Vomo in the Mamanuca Islands group for a little R&R . You too can be chief of your kingdom for about $ 39,000 a night  make that a mere $ 34,000 or so during low season  . The 225-acre island accommodates up to 90 people , and with a staff of 120 , you wo n't lack for assistance in nearly any activity you want to pursue . Snorkeling above coral reefs , paddle boarding , glass bottom kayaking , windsurfing and daily fish feeding are included in the rate . World 's 100 best beaches Hike up Mount Vomo for another perspective on the aqua waters of the South Pacific . Another memorable event is the Meke and Lovo night . The meal comes from the lovo , a traditional Fijian underground cooking pit , and the high spirits from the meke , an evening of traditional dances and song . Easier on the wallet : Garden villas for two run about $ 1,000 per night ; beachfront villas cost about $ 1,300 per night . Isola de Li Galli , Italy Remember the sirens , those beautiful women who lured sailors to their death on craggy shores ? Some say they lived at Isola de Li Galli , a private island that now sleeps up to 13 nonsiren types for just shy of $ 200,000 per week . The island is well-positioned just minutes off the Amalfi Coast , a UNESCO World Heritage Site . You 'd expect a private European island to attract celebrities , and you 'd be right . Penelope Cruz and Javier Bardem have been among Isola de Li Galli 's guests , and the island was once home to the great Russian dancer Rudolf Nureyev . Be forewarned : A pad for landing your helicopter is included , but engaging the 115-foot yacht requires an extra fee . A dramatic stone-and-white chapel is available if matrimony calls you . The island is only available by the week , so start negotiating with your well-to-do friends . America 's best little beach towns Guana Island , British Virgin Islands Richard Branson 's Necker Island is currently a steal starting at $ 42,500 per night while its Great House is being rebuilt -- after that , the price goes up . But if you 're looking for other options in the area , Guana Island starts at about half that -- roughly $ 22,000 nightly for up to 32 guests -- with seven beaches , a tennis court , sailboats and pedal boats , more than a dozen trails and a spa among its amenities .  A massage overlooking the Caribbean sounds pretty good about now . Experienced divers gravitate to the North Bay 's deep reefs and underwater cave . In August and October , the academically minded appreciate the chance to join visiting scientists in their pursuits , from rebuilding coral reefs to tagging iguanas . Speaking of which , the island draws its name from a rock outcropping that resembles the head of the tropical lizard . Easier on the wallet : If a five-digit price tag is not in the budget  and is pretty much permanently out of the question  , you can forgo reserving the entire island and share the 850-acre expanse with a few dozen other guests . Rates for a cottage or villa for two start at about $ 700 and $ 1,500 , respectively . Rubondo Island , Lake Victoria , Tanzania In 1966 , Dr. Bernhard Grzimek , one of the forces behind the creation of the Serengeti National Park , brought 16 chimps from European zoos to Rubondo Island in Tanzania to give them a safe haven . The chimps thrived on the island , also home to elephants , giraffes and hippos . And it 's available to you , for $ 4,500 a night , along with up to 15 friends . Guests at Rubondo Island Camp , which opened in late 2012 , can get a Jane Goodall-style experience by tracking chimps through the forest and observing their behavior with specialist guides . More traditional game drives are also available . If that 's not enough , some 300 species of birds have been spotted here . The lodge and its eight suites feature thatch roofs , curved walls and traditional East African fabrics . Easier on the wallet : Ca n't find 15 takers for this trip ? Do n't fret , there 's a starting per-person nightly rate of $ 620 for double occupancy that includes meals , drinks and activities . Madivaru Island , Maldives Living in tents may not sound like luxury , but the tents at Banyan Tree Madivaru are n't anything like the canopy you hoisted at scout camp . Each villa on this private island in the Maldives includes three tented spaces for living , sleeping and bathing . Think timber flooring and rattan and teak furniture , not sleeping bags and mosquitos . Add a private plunge pool for each villa , a personal chef and waiter , and activities such as water skiing , dolphin cruises , night fishing and a Maldivian cooking school . Many visitors say it feels like a private island even when there are other guests , but those who want to be sure can spring for the whole island buyout , currently available at a special rate of $ 9,420 per night for up to 12 people , with a minimum four-night stay . Easier on the wallet : Tent villa rates start at $ 2,355 per night . The special whole-island rate may be the most economical option this summer -- provided you can round up a group , airfare and about $ 40,000 . Orca Island , Alaska Orca Island is proof that island adventure does n't have to be limited to warm-weather climes . From Seward , Alaska , it 's just a half-hour water taxi ride to Orca Island Cabins , where Dennis and Susan Swiderski have created an unusual vacation retreat . Guests can view humpback and orca whales , sea lions , harbor seals , porpoises and river otters right from each yurt 's private deck or the island 's common areas .  Incredibly , humpback whales often visit just feet from the island .  Kayaks , stand-up paddle boards , rowing skiff and fishing gear are included in the full facility rate of $ 2,150 per night , which covers all five yurts . Easier on the wallet : The 2013 per-person rate is $ 215 per night for a two-night minimum , based on double occupancy . In 2014 , that rate will be $ 225 per person , per night . Eagle Island , Georgia With weekday rates of $ 600 per night for up to 12 guests , you 'd be forgiven for assuming Eagle Island is a forlorn rock at the start of nowhere . It 's actually a 10-acre isle off the coast of Georgia , surrounded by salt marsh that 's a lovely setting for crabbing . Transportation to and from the island is included , and boat rentals are available if you want to explore and fish the surrounding waters of the Darien River and the May Hall Creek . The lodge with huge wraparound porch sleeps 12 and is built largely of recycled materials , such as vintage brick . Foodies , rejoice : Along with the standard kitchen , an outdoor setup includes seafood steamers , low country boil cook stations , smoker with wood chips and other tools for your blue crab dinner . You can even arrange to get the kitchen stocked before you arrive . Other gathering spots tend to be the outdoor fireplace and hot tub , not to mention the romantic appeal of the outdoor shower . Easier on the wallet : Why not gather a dozen friends for a weekly rental ? Six nights run $ 3,300 .	About $ 200,000 among friends will buy you a weeklong Mediterranean dream Many of the island rental options offer more affordable rates if you share with strangers Island rentals range from pristine beach havens in Fiji to quiet fishing outposts in Georgia
CNN  -- Larry , one of the employees you supervise , has n't been performing his job up to expectations . But you 've been reluctant to take him aside and speak with him candidly : Like most senior people in the company , you are white . What if Larry , who is black , takes your criticism the wrong way or , worse , thinks you are racist ? The last thing you want is for others to think your actions were influenced by race . So you 've held off talking to him about performance issues that you 'd likely have raised with your non-minority employees . You 're relieved that a potentially thorny situation was averted , even pleased with your capacity to be so racially sensitive . But in fact , recent research suggests , you have not done your company , your employee , or yourself much good . However well-intentioned , striving to create the appearance of colorblindness by sidestepping the specter of race can be more of an obstacle than an asset to good management practice . Read more : Is your boss a psychopath ? It 's easy to understand the appeal of colorblindness : it seems to offer a relatively easy way to handle complicated and often divisive issues of race in business and broader society : after all , if we do n't notice race , we ca n't act in a biased manner on that basis , right ? Yet social psychological research shows that far from being a panacea , turning a blind eye to the realities and complexities of race can create more problems than it solves . It can even stand in the way of creating constructive and equitable race-related policies . You can pretend that race does n't matter or that you do n't "  see " race , but quite often neither claim is accurate . In fact , research in social neuroscience suggests that people perceive others ' race almost instantly  typically in less than one-seventh of a second  . Rather than feeling reassured or comforted by your ability to avoid the race issue , consider that , according to research , minority employees like Larry are actually more  not less  distrustful of people who fail to acknowledge the elephant in the roomâ $ " raceâ $ " than they are of individuals who openly talk about it . Avoiding race can not only undermine minorities ' impression of you , but also can make it harder for them to get better at their jobs . Managers who are petrified by the looming issue of race and the potential of appearing prejudiced can make the mistake of not giving the type of critical feedback to minority team members that they readily offer to white team members . I 've seen this dynamic play out in a class activity I conduct in which students work in teams and then offer feedback to help one another strengthen their skills . It became clear to me that white students were not giving the same level of critical feedback to minorities as they were to white team members . Other studies have identified similar experiences among teachers and students : Teachers were not as likely to give critical feedback when grading a paper to black students because they did not want to be seen as insensitive . How do you expect those students -- and Larry -- to improve if no one 's willing to give them the critical feedback that challenges them to do so ? Read more : find your superpower I 'm not suggesting that as a manager , you walk into the office and point out a co-worker 's background . But being more authentic and transparent about race can make people more relaxed in the workplace . Sometimes race clearly is relevant , and not talking about it can actually make things more awkward . Skilled managers need to be able to create a cohesive , trusting team climate in which people are able to acknowledge that John is black , Mary is older , and Steve is gay . It does n't mean that such factors need to or should be in the forefront of discussion , but they shape who we are as people ; allowing them to fester without acknowledgement can impede the effectiveness and openness of group discussions and teamwork . The fact of the matter is that women and minorities often experience organizational life differently . Perceptive managers understand that keeping their team happy and productive means recognizing this . The argument is n't that race should be overvalued , but rather that it should be a topic that is OK to acknowledge and discuss . Ironically , attempts to demonstrate how colorblind we are or how inconsequential race is in the workplace only illustrate how significant these issues really are . We 're just not able to admit as much . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan P. Apfelbaum .	Trying to ignore race in the workplace can do more harm than good , says Evan Apfelbaum He says research suggests that people perceive others ' race almost instantly Minority employees are more distrustful of people who do n't acknowledge race , he says It should be OK to acknowledge and discuss race , says Apfelbaum
CHEBARKUL , Russia  Reuters  -- President Vladimir Putin said on Friday security threats had forced Russia to revive the Soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders . A Russian strategic bomber flies over an airfield outside Moscow during an air show . Putin said 14 strategic bombers had taken off simultaneously from airfields across Russia in the early hours of Friday on long-range missions . "  We have decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis , " Putin told reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia 's Ural mountains . "  Today , August 17 at 00:00 hours , 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across the country , along with support and refueling aircraft ... From today such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis . "  We hope our partners will treat this with understanding . " At U.S. President George W. Bush 's Texas ranch , White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he did not believe the flights posed a threat to the United States . "  Militaries around the world engage in a variety of activities , so this is not entirely surprising , " he said . But the sorties are likely to add to Western concern about Russia 's growing assertiveness . That trend has prompted some U.S. policymakers to draw parallels with the Cold War . Putin caused a stir this year by saying Russian missiles would once again be aimed at targets in Europe if Washington persisted with plans to build a missile defense shield in eastern Europe . Russian diplomats have clashed with the United States and European governments on issues such as Kosovo , energy , and Moscow 's treatment of its ex-Soviet neighbors . Western military leaders have said this year that Russian flights near their airspace were becoming more frequent after a long quiet period . One Western defense official called the flights "  a little bit of chest-pounding , trying to let people know Russia is back in the game " . Putin said that when Russia had cut its flights in 1992 , other military powers had not reciprocated . "  Flights by other countries ' strategic aircraft continue and this creates certain problems for ensuring the security of the Russian Federation , " Putin said . That appeared to be a swipe at the U.S. and NATO , whose strategic bombers have continued to fly long-range missions . As Putin spoke to reporters and television cameras , four Russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background while Russian tanks trundled behind him , even though the exercises had ended long before . During the Cold War , Russian long-range bombers , which can carry strategic nuclear weapons , played elaborate games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces . Earlier this month Russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the Pacific island of Guam , where the U.S. military has a base , and "  exchanged smiles " with U.S. pilots scrambled to track them . The Pentagon said the Russian aircraft had not come close enough to U.S. ships to prompt American aircraft to react . In July , two Russian Tu-95 "  Bear " bombers made unusually long sorties over the North Sea , leading Norway and Britain to scramble fighter jets to follow them . Russia 's air force said later it was a routine flight . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Russia to send bomber aircraft on long-range flights on a permanent basis President Vladimir Putin said the move was in response to security threats The White House says the flights do not pose a threat to the United States
Editor 's note : James Losey is a Policy Analyst and Chiehyu Li is a Program Associate , both with the New America Foundation 's Open Technology Initiative . The opinions expressed in this op-ed do not necessarily represent those of Ars Technica or CNN.com . Ars Technica  -- If you 've followed broadband discussions in Washington , DC , then you 've heard that wireless is the future of communications . The National Broadband Plan offers wireless as the competitive solution to the broadband duopoly dilemma , and in the recently released White House Wireless Innovation and Infrastructure Initiative , President Obama reiterated his State of the Union commitment to helping "  extend next-generation wireless services to at least 98 % of Americans . " If you watch TV , you might think this is a good thing . The whole country is moving to 4G -- next generation wireless -- and according to some carriers , this is our chance to beat the world in broadband . For Obama , it 's a chance to Win the Future . It will certainly help us win a future -- but if this , as Obama said , is our "  Sputnik moment , " we are not reaching for the moon . Defining "  4G " Trying to understand 4G can give you a bit of a headache . Some surveys show that most Americans have no idea what the term "  4G " means , but many plan to upgrade anyway . It 's faster -- and at times more expensive -- but will the technology bring us up to the same speed as other countries ? Driving adoption of next-generation technology is essential for America 's communications to catch up with the rest of the world ; our broadband networks , by most standards , stand in the middle of the pack on speed . However , the wireless upgrade path is not as straight as one might assume . The problem comes down to what "  4G " really means . The buzzwords flying around the US mobile space are Long Term Evolution  LTE  , HSPA + and WiMAX . However , before this past December , the International Telecommunications Union  ITU  , the global standards-setting body responsible for ensuring some level of interoperability in mobile communications , had set the 4G standard as LTE Advanced -- technology that is not expected to be deployed until 2012 at the earliest . That month the ITU updated their policy , saying that " ' 4G , ' although it is recognized that this term -LSB- is -RSB- undefined , may also be applied to the forerunners of these technologies , LTE and WiMAX , and to other evolved 3G technologies providing a substantial level of improvement in performance and capabilities with respect to the initial third generation systems now deployed . " In other words , the term 4G can be applied to LTE and WiMAX , the leading technologies currently rolling out in the US and globally -- even though they are technically still 3G or  in marketing speak  3.9 G HSPA + , which might otherwise be more accurately defined as 3.5 G. Getting beat abroad Comparing wireless networks globally on the basis of 4G can be like comparing apples and oranges -- while 3G begets 4G , not all 4G is created equal . The real leap forward for next-generation deployments is defined not so much by technology but by speeds . Certainly , in this context , the 4G-branded service available in the United States does not compete with 4G service offered elsewhere . That 's not to say wireless speeds in the United States are n't improving ; indeed , they are beginning to match the speeds of lower-end broadband connections . Verizon , claiming the "  Fastest , most advanced 4G network in America , " is rolling out LTE offering up to 5-12 Mbps download speeds . AT&T also claims the title of "  Fastest mobile broadband network " with two layers of HSPA + and LTE . Sprint 's WiMAX network is slightly slower at 3-6 Mbps . T-Mobile has focused on HSPA + , claiming peaks of 21Mbps , although speeds realized by users are considerably slower and T-Mobile is pushing for the claim of largest , not fastest , network . While these speeds do bring next-generation mobile broadband up to the standard of wireline broadband connections , the FCC found that the average wired broadband speed is between 3 and 4 Mbps . Our past research has shown that broadband in the United States is slower and pricier than service in other developed countries . This gap in speeds persists with the move to 4G wireless broadband . For example , TeliaSonera rolled out LTE services in major Nordic and Baltic countries including Denmark , Estonia , Finland , Norway and Sweden last year with speeds that blow US 4G offerings out of the water : "  In normal circumstances , the average download speed is 20-80 Mbit/s . " German mobile provider Vodafone is offering LTE service with 7Mbps speeds on the low end while also offering downloads up to 50Mbps on more expensive plans . Asian countries have made great progress in launching 4G services since 2006 , including LTE and WiMAX in Japan and Taiwan . NTT DoCoMo , a Japanese major mobile service provider , launched an LTE mobile data communication service called "  Xi " in November 2010 . In its coverage area of five major cities , Xi boasts maximum downlink speeds of 37Mbps . Taiwan is also ahead of the US in 4G speeds . Mobile provider VMAX began WiMax service offering a maximum speed of 16Mbps down and 4Mbps up in Taipei City . We can do better President Obama threw down the gauntlet with his "  Sputnik Moment " rhetoric in the State of the Union speech . The comment implicitly referenced the missile gaps and past technological races of yesteryear , but the White House Wireless Innovation and Infrastructure Initiative may fall short of those heady days of innovation . For instance , the goal of 98 % of American 's receiving 4G speeds may have already been met , if one believes the carrier estimates . AT&T says that it has "  completed its deployment of HSPA + to virtually 100 percent of its mobile broadband network " and it claims that 300 million people are covered . Those engaged in the effort to free up an additional 500MHz of spectrum , as the National Broadband Plan recommends , must recognize the value of connectivity through unlicensed spectrum with nearly 40 percent of smartphone connectivity through unlicensed WiFi . By definition , a 4G roll-out alone does not bring America up to speed . The ITU has applied the term to describe capable technology but it does not define the actual service received by the consumer . Services branded 4G in the US meet the unambitious National Broadband Plan universalization goals , but they are not next-generation services when compared to speeds in other countries . Our mobile communications will suffer from a generation gap -- whether the technology is called "  4G " or not . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Whole country is moving to 4G -- next generation wireless U.S. broadband networks , by most standards , stand in the middle of the pack on speed 4G-branded service available here does not compete with 4G service offered elsewhere
County Kildare , Ireland  CNN  -- The mayor of a town in Ireland has resigned and faces a possible police investigation after saying he would no longer represent people of black African origin . Councillor Darren Scully was Mayor of Naas in County Kildare , near the Irish capital , Dublin . Interviewed on local radio Tuesday morning , Scully said he had decided not to represent black Africans because of their "  aggressive " attitude to him . "  I have been met with aggressiveness , I have been met with bad manners , " he claimed . "  I have also been played the race card - it 's been said ` Oh yeah , you will help white people , but you do n't help black people ' . " The then mayor continued : "  After a while I made a decision that I was just not going to take on representations from black Africans , that I would be very courteous to them and I would pass on their query to other public representatives who would take their concerns . " Members of other political parties called for Scully to resign and Tuesday evening he did just that . He issued the following statement : "  I wish to apologise unreservedly for my remarks on 4FM and KFM . I realise they have caused deep hurt and offence in all communities and in all sectors of society . "  I have been proud to be Mayor of Naas and to represent all the people of the town . However , as a result of the upset that I have caused , I feel it is appropriate that I step down from this position . " Earlier , political rivals Sinn Fein had accused him of being racist , but in his statement Scully denied the claim . He said : "  I realise now that my remarks were open to an interpretation that I did not intend . I abhor racism in all its forms . " Naas Town Council had called a special meeting for Tuesday evening to discuss the controversy , but Scully resigned just ahead of it . The now ex-mayor is a member of the main party in the Irish coalition government - Fine Gael - but said he was expressing personal views . The party agreed - Fine Gael issued this statement : "  The views expressed by Cllr Scully do not reflect the views of Fine Gael and they are not party policy . "  Fine Gael is an inclusive party and we are trying to build a country that caters for all . " A lawmaker with the junior partners in the coalition government , Aodhan O Riordain of the Labour Party , said he had reported the matter to Irish police with a view to prosecution . O Riordain branded Scully 's comments "  outrageous " and said they could be considered as incitement to hatred . The Irish census of 2006 showed there were 1,862 people of African origin living in Kildare out of a population in the county of 186,335 , according to the Central Statistics Office in Dublin . Naas has a total population of just over 20,000 . Local people told CNN Tuesday that race relations in the town are good and they were "  really surprised " a local representative would make such comments .	Irish Mayor Darren Scully resigns after saying he would no longer represent people of black African origin He said the black Africans were aggressive towards him and accused him of not standing up for them As a result , he said on radio , he had decided to actually stop representing them Opposition parties demanded he step down as mayor of Naas
CNN  -- The family of stricken Formula One star Michael Schumacher "  strongly believe " he will make a recovery from the life-threatening injuries he sustained in a skiing accident . Schumacher has been in a medically-induced coma in a Grenoble hospital since December 29 and a statement on behalf of the family Thursday said he was "  still in a waking up process . " It was released a day after a published report in Germany 's best-selling newspaper Bild -- which claimed the seven-time world champion had contracted pneumonia . Schumacher 's manager Sabine Kehm has refused to comment on what she termed "  speculation " and there is no specific reference to the report in the latest update . "  Michael 's family would like to again express their sincere thanks for the continuous sympathy coming from all over the world , " it read . "  The good wishes they receive help the family and , we are convinced they also help Michael , who still is in a waking up process . "  As often in such situation no day is like the next . The family is thankful for one 's understanding that they would not wish to disclose medical details in order to protect Michael 's privacy . "  As assured from the beginning we will continue to communicate any decisive new information on Michael 's health state . We are aware that the wake up phase can take a long time . "  The family continues to strongly believe in Michael 's recovery and place all their trust in the doctors ' , nurses ' and nursing auxiliaries ' team . "  The important thing is not the speed of the recovery but that Michael 's heal process progresses in a continuous and controlled way . The statement if the first official information released since January 30 when it was revealed that Schumacher 's sedation had been reduced in order for him to come out of a coma . The 45-year-old German superstar suffered a severe head trauma while skiing off-piste at the French Alps resort of Meribel . He has undergone two emergency operations to remove blood clots on his brain and reduce swelling and kept asleep to aid his recovery . Schumacher 's wife Corinna has kept a constant vigil at the hospital since the accident . He retired for the second and final time from F1 in 2012 after a glittering career with the Benetton , Ferrari and Mercedes teams , bringing him 91 victories in grand prix racing . Mercedes has a "  Keep Fighting Michael " message on its silver livery for the upcoming F1 season which starts next month in Australia and get well messages have flooded in from all over the world .	Update on condition of Formula One star Michael Schumacher Family ` strongly believe ' he will make a recovery from injuries Schumacher has been in a medically-induced coma since accident on December 29 Doctors started bringing him out of the coma nearly two weeks ago
London  CNN  -- The mother of missing British girl Madeleine McCann felt "  totally violated " when she saw her diary had been published in the News of the World newspaper , she told an inquiry into British press practices and ethics Wednesday . "  I 'd written these words at a most desperate time of my life , " Kate McCann said , saying the newspaper had shown "  no respect ... . for me as a mother or human . " The publication of Kate McCann 's diary came after the editor of the now-defunct newspaper , Colin Myler , verbally beat her and her husband , Gerry , "  into submission " to make them do an interview with the newspaper , Gerry McCann said . He and his wife , Kate , were testifying Wednesday before the British government-backed inquiry into phone hacking and police bribery by the press . Tabloid newspapers published articles suggesting the parents were responsible for their daughter 's death , Gerry McCann said , forcing them to sue to demand retractions . "  We could only assume they were acting for profit , " he said of the newspapers , adding the articles had no basis in fact . Their daughter has never been found . Most of the inquiry 's attention has focused on newspapers owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , but the McCanns described their troubles with other newspapers , including the Daily Mail and the Evening Standard , which are not News Corp. titles . News Corp. announced Wednesday that Rupert Murdoch 's son James had stepped down in September from the boards of subsidiaries that publish The Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times . He remains chairman of News International , the News Corp. subsidiary that owns all three newspapers . The McCanns are the latest high-profile figures to give evidence to what 's known as the Leveson Inquiry , following actor Hugh Grant and comedian Steve Coogan . Madeleine McCann and her parents have been regular fodder for Britain 's tabloid press since the 4-year-old disappeared more than four years ago from a resort in Portugal while her parents dined at a nearby restaurant . The parents of another British girl who disappeared testified Monday how phone hacking on behalf of News of the World newspaper had given their family false hope their daughter was still alive . Milly Dowler 's mother , Sally , described her joy at finding that voice mails had been deleted from her missing daughter 's phone : "  She 's checked her voice mail , Bob ! She 's alive ! " In fact , the messages had been deleted by a private investigator working for the News of the World newspaper , Dowler 's father , Bob , told the inquiry panel . Milly Dowler had already been murdered . Sally Dowler 's face fell as she recalled finding out it was the hacker , not her daughter , who had been checking the voice mail . The best-selling Sunday tabloid News of the World was shut down in July after the revelation that it had hacked into Milly Dowler 's voice mail . Grant called the hacking of a murdered schoolgirl 's messages "  cowardly and shocking . " The British actor also accused newspapers of using criminals as paparazzi and the Mail on Sunday of hacking into his voice mail . Grant said he could not think of any other source for a Mail on Sunday story about his relationship with his then-girlfriend Jemima Khan being on the rocks because of his phone flirtation with a "  plummy-voiced Englishwoman . " That story was later found false and libelous in court . Grant 's accusation widened the scope of the British newspaper phone-hacking scandal , which has focused mostly on Murdoch-owned titles so far . The Mail on Sunday is not a Murdoch newspaper . Grant also implied the police were leaking stories about celebrities to the press , saying that when he called the police about his girlfriend being mugged , paparazzi showed up before the police . Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of phone hacking by journalists in search of stories . The practice involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely .	NEW : Kate McCann says a tabloid showed no respect for her "  as a mother or human " NEW : James Murdoch resigns from the boards of some News Corp. subsidiaries British government-backed inquiry was set up in response to revelations of phone hacking Attention focuses on Murdoch papers , but Hugh Grant accuses another paper of hacking
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The reboot of "  The View " is now complete , with ABC announcing that actress Rosie Perez and political analyst Nicolle Wallace will be the new panelists . They will join comedienne Rosie O'Donnell , whose addition was announced earlier , and Whoopi Goldberg , the only one remaining from the last season of the show . When the show returns September 15 , it will boast a complete retool -- a new logo and a new producer and , of course , new hires . Perez , who first garnered attention with her role in Spike Lee 's "  Do the Right Thing , " is a regular on screen and stage . Wallace was a senior advisor to John McCain 's 2008 presidential campaign and communications director for President George W. Bush . They both served as guest co-hosts last season . O'Donnell co-hosted "  The View " during its 10th season in 2006-07 . Her on-air battles with then-co-host Elisabeth Hasselbeck -- over issues like the Iraq war , which O'Donnell was vehemently against -- were loud and legendary . Producers are hoping for similar magic with her rejoining . Changes at the talk show commenced in May , when one of its co-creators and original co-host , Barbara Walters , stepped down . Along with Walters , two other co-hosts have stepped down -- Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy .	Perez is a regular on screen and stage Wallace was communications director for President George W. Bush They join Rosie O'Donnell and Whoopi Goldberg Changes at the talk show began after Barbara Walters stepped down
CNN  -- Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the match in the second half as Arsenal beat leaders Manchester United at the Emirates Sunday to blow the English title race wide open . A win for United would have all but sealed a record 19th championship , but they now lead Chelsea by just three points and Arsenal by six . The top two play effectively a title decider at Old Trafford next weekend , with Arsenal waiting to pounce if either falters . "  In terms of ability -- a game at Old Trafford , the supporters will be ready for it -- and so will our players , " defiant United manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports . Ferguson 's team , who have a poor record against the top six this season , particularly away from home where they have failed to win , fell victim to a 56th minute strike from young Welshman Ramsey . Arsenal might have had a penalty in the first half when Nemanja Vidic appeared to use his hand to deflect Theo Walcott 's cross away from Robin van Persie as the Dutchman prepared to head towards goal , but referee Chris Foy ignored their claims . United 's Wayne Rooney went close with a curling free-kick that Wojciech Szczesny saved superbly after the break before Ramsey scored his first Gunners goal since January 2010 . He was set up by Van Persie who cut the ball back for him to beat Edwin van der Sar . Nani went close for United and Michael Owen had a penalty appeal turned down , but Arsenal deservedly held on for their first victory over United since November 2008 . Sunday 's late kick off saw Manchester City consolidate fourth place with a 2-1 win over bottom side West Ham at Eastlands . City are now seven points clear of Liverpool and Tottenham as they try to claim the final Champions League qualifying position . Nigel de Jong and a Lars Jacobsen own goal gave City a 2-0 lead after 15 minutes . But Demba Ba pulled one back in the 33rd minute and the home side had to endure some nervous moments before sealing the three points . Earlier Sunday , Liverpool moved over Tottenham into fifth place on goal difference with a 3-0 win over Newcastle at Anfield . Maxi Rodriguez opened the scoring in the 10th minute when his shot deflected in off Danny Simpson . Dirk Kuyt scored the second in the 59th minute after Luis Suarez was fouled by Mike Williamson . Uruguay star Suarez added the third himself six minutes later to seal three valuable points . At St Andrew 's , 10-man Birmingham boosted their survival bid by holding on for a 1-1 draw against fellow strugglers Wolves .	Arsenal beat Manchester United 1-0 to open up EPL title race Aaron Ramsey scores second half goal to beat the leaders at Emirates Manchester City beat bottom club West Ham 2-1 to consolidate fourth spot Liverpool move up to fifth on goal difference with 3-0 home win over Newcastle
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Just blocks from where U.N. diplomats debate their interpretations of tyranny and democracy , what may be the first document to articulate the difference is going up for sale . The version of the Magna Carta up for auction has been on display at the National Archives in Washington . Sotheby 's will auction off one of the earliest versions of the Magna Carta later this year , the auction house announced Tuesday . This will be the first time any version of the Magna Carta has ever gone up for auction , according to David Redden , vice chairman of Sotheby 's . The Magna Carta is expected to fetch at least $ 20 million to $ 30 million , Redden said . Redden , who has also sold dinosaur bones , space race artifacts and a first printing of the Declaration of Independence , called the Magna Carta "  the most important document on earth . " The charter mandated the English king to cede certain basic rights to his citizens , ensuring that no man is above the law . Many believe the Magna Carta was the first document to recognize the legal right to freedom from tyranny , an influential concept to American political philosophers -- from the founding fathers to the modern presidency . The version to be auctioned is one of fewer than 20 known copies of the Magna Carta , which means "  Great Charter " in Latin . The document was first devised in 1215 , but not confirmed into English law until 1297 -- the year this version was issued and sealed by King Edward I . The document is one of only two copies of the charter that exist outside of England , according to Sotheby 's . This Magna Carta and another version in Australia are the only two ever to have been privately sold . The version up for auction rested for six centuries with the Brundell family in Deene Park , England , until being bought in 1984 by businessman Ross Perot . Since then , the Perot Foundation has kept the copy on display at the National Archives in Washington . The Perot Foundation plans to distribute the money from the auction to various causes such as medical research and helping wounded soldiers . The Magna Carta will be coming up for auction during the week of December 10 . E-mail to a friend	Sotheby 's to auction one of the earliest versions of the Magna Carta Document expected to go for at least $ 20 million to $ 30 million Charter mandated king to cede certain basic rights to citizens Ross Perot bought this version in 1984
CNN  -- In watching Mitt Romney 's painful -- and self-destructive -- gaffe about the "  47 percenters , " it at first seemed inexplicable , as if the man was writing off half of the electorate . Never mind that the self-declared "  victims " he 's talking about include seniors  who actually voted Republican in 2010  and veterans  many of whom might be inclined to vote for the GOP  . Or that they 're also people who work hard and pay their payroll taxes , and might be getting some tax benefits for their children . So what is it about Mitt Romney , who should know these things -- and probably does -- that makes him so gaffe-prone ? Another way to ask the question : Why does a smart man say such stupid things ? iReport : I 'm the 47 % but - You 're WRONG Mitt Romney ! I have a theory about this . In spending a lot of time this year thinking about Romney -- and speaking with those who know him the best , politically and personally while reporting a CNN documentary -- this much appears to be true : Romney has a businessman 's approach to politics . Which means : He sizes up a situation  or an audience  . He figures out what he needs to do to cut the deal . Then he does it , and expects it to work . Ergo , Romney speaks to a group of conservative GOP fat cats , and tells them what he thinks they want to hear so they will cough up the dough . Belief is almost beside the point . He was closing the deal . Here 's something to know : While Romney was born into politics , he 's not a natural-born politician . His father may have been a three-term Michigan governor , but he told his son to go into business first . So he did . And now Romney is a numbers guy who came to the ideological part of politics late . And it shows , especially when you are asking voters to trust what you believe to become president . Some politicians are hatched out of strong loyalty to a cause or a party . Romney is a businessman who came to politics out of a strong sense of duty -- and belief in his own ability to repair what 's broken . Getting elected is what you have to do so you can do what you 're good at : fixing things . In an odd way , kind of like President Obama , who also believes getting elected is what you have to do so you can do what you 're good at : transforming things . Romney has had much success painting the self-portrait as a Mr. Fix-it . While he could n't defeat Ted Kennedy , he did become the governor of the liberal state of Massachusetts in 2002 , running as a pro-choice moderate . Opinion : How Romney really feels about Republicans Once in office , though , when confronted with the difficult issue of abortion -- and looking at a presidential bid in the ever more conservative GOP -- he flipped , explaining to me that it was a matter of conscience , tempered by the reality of political power . "  I realized what sounded good in a campaign , when I actually became the governor and would be the person who would sign a piece of legislation which could take human life -- I simply could n't do that , " he told me . But there 's no doubt about it : Romney had to move to the right to try and get the nomination , so he did in the 2008 campaign . And he did it again in 2012 . In trying to explain Romney 's jujitsu , former adviser Alex Castellanos told me that Romney 's journey on social issues was the journey of a businessman who "  mainly looked at governing as an economic proposition , all of a sudden confronting some social issues as a mature adult responsible for human life . And so he did evolve there . " Fast-forward to the "  severely conservative " candidate of the 2012 primaries . And to the latest fundraiser chat in which Romney says half of the American public believes it has been victimized , and the government needs to take care of them . CNNMoney : Romney 's ' 47 % All of which leads to this question : Does Romney believe any of this stuff ? In the end , it 's hard to know . But I 'll subscribe to a theory advanced by David Brooks in The New York Times today : that Romney is a "  decent man who says stupid things because he is pretending to be something he is not -- some sort of cartoonish government-hater . " Maybe that 's what Romney thought he needed to be to cut the deal . But the problem is , presidential politics is n't just business . It 's personal . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger : Romney comment about the "  47-percenters " inexplicable at first She says Romney views the world from the point of view of a business executive Romney was telling audience what he thought they wanted to hear , she says Borger : Romney views electoral politics as "  what he has to do to get into office and fix things "
Miami  CNN  -- A Florida prosecutor told the court she intends to seek the death penalty in a case where a 10-year-old girl was found dead in the back of her father 's truck . Carmen and Jorge Barahona , the adopted parents of the girl , Nubia Barahona , have been charged with first-degree murder . In Florida , the prosecution must file a notice at the beginning of the legal proceedings if it plans to seek the death penalty . If that 's not done , the state waives the right to seek that sentence later in the case . Monday 's first appearance on the charges is just the beginning of the Barahonas ' criminal case . As it continues , the prosecutors will make it clear whether the death penalty will be sought . The Barahonas have also been charged with eight counts of aggravated child abuse and eight counts of child neglect . Jorge Barahona is charged with an additional count of mutilation or abuse of a dead body . They pleaded not guilty on Monday . In court , the couple sat apart from each other but next to their individual attorneys . Jorge Barahona was wearing a bulletproof vest that showed his bare arms , and Carmen Barahona was in a bright orange jail-issued outfit . Over the years the couple has been at the center of multiple complaints to Florida 's Department of Children and Families , with callers reporting that Nubia and her twin brother were locked in bathrooms for long periods of time or bound with tape , according to testimony given in family court . Nevertheless , the children remained in the Barahona home . This case prompted an independent review of the DCF . The panel recently released "  The Nubia Report , " recommending changes the agency should make in training and technology . The report says when a call is made to the abuse hotline , "  DCF should work with law enforcement to ensure an appropriate joint response when children are not located quickly . " That change is a result of a phone call to the abuse hotline four days before Nubia 's body was found in her father 's truck . The call was made by a therapist , saying that the granddaughter of Carmen Barahona told her that the twins were being abused , according to documents released in the case . A DCF investigator went to the house but did not see the children and did not notify the police . The pest control truck that Barahona was driving was found by a road ranger on the side of Interstate 95 in the West Palm Beach area on February 14 . Firefighters called to the scene found Barahona and Nubia 's brother suffering from burns and a chemical-related illness , said West Palm Beach Police Department spokesman Chase Scott . Hazardous material teams were called in to investigate fumes coming from the vehicle . "  The department of environmental protection went into the rear of the vehicle , moving aside some chemicals and located a body in a bag in the rear of the vehicle , " said Scott . The body has since been identified by the Palm Beach medical examiner as that of Nubia Barahona . Jorge Barahona did speak to police after he was arrested , according to a probable cause affidavit for the aggravated child abuse charges . The document says that Barahona told police that he drove to West Palm Beach that day "  after he placed his deceased daughter in a plastic bag , which he loaded in the rear of his truck . " When Jorge Barahona and his son were released from the hospital , the father went to jail and the child went to a therapeutic foster home . Jail is where both Jorge and Carmen Barahona will be staying , since they were denied bond , awaiting a resolution of their case .	Prosecutor files notice with the court that death penalty may be sought Carmen and Jorge Barahona plead not guity Monday to murder and other charges They 're charged with first-degree murder in death of their 10-year-old adopted daughter Case led to a review of Florida 's Department of Children and Families
CNN  -- "  American Idol " winner Scotty McCreery has survived "  a very scary night . " The country singer was one of the victims of an armed robbery that took place early Monday morning at a Raleigh , North Carolina , residence , but "  luckily , my friends and I are safe , " McCreery said on Facebook . According to the Raleigh Police Department , the home invasion took place before 2 a.m. near North Carolina State University 's campus . Three armed suspects entered the property and took money , wallets and electronics from multiple victims before leaving , police said . None of the victims was injured . By Wednesday , police had obtained warrants and charged Mikkail Jamal Shaw in connection with the incident . According to the Raleigh Police Department , Shaw , who turned himself in , faces charges of robbery with a dangerous weapon and conspiracy to commit the act . Police are still investigating the crime , and say they think additional suspects may have been involved . On Monday , McCreery said in his Facebook post that he 's thankful to the Raleigh police for responding to the incident so quickly . "  It was definitely a very scary night , " the 20-year-old shared . "  Luckily , my friends and I are safe and the Raleigh PD is on the case . I will share more when the time is right , but as of now we do not want to do or say anything that could hinder the investigation . Thanks to everyone for the prayers and support . A huge thank you to the Raleigh PD for their quick response and hard work in solving this case . " McCreery became "  American Idol 's " season 10 champion in 2011 and has quickly become one of country 's brightest stars . His 2011 debut album , "  Clear As Day , " was certified platinum within 13 weeks of its release . The artist is in the middle of his "  See You Tonight Tour " in support of his second album . He 'll next play Bakersfield , California , on May 9 . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Scotty McCreery was a victim of an armed robbery on Monday The home invasion took place in Raleigh , North Carolina McCreery : "  Luckily , my friends and I are safe "
CNN  Anne Kirkbride , who played Deirdre Barlow for more than 40 years on the long-running UK soap opera "  Coronation Street , " has died . She was 60 . The death was confirmed in a post on the website for ITV , the UK network that airs the show . "  There are no words to describe the sense of grief we feel at Anne 's passing , " executive producer Kieran Roberts said in the post . "  We know only too acutely how much Anne meant to the millions of people who watched her create the legendary character of Deirdre Barlow . " Kirkbride first showed up on "  Coronation Street , " the world 's longest-running soap opera , in 1972 as a teenager with a handful of lines . Within a few years , she had entered into a short-lived marriage with one character and then a romance and marriage with another , Ken Barlow  William Roache , who 'd been on the show since its inception in 1960  . The latter proved to be as big in Britain as the Luke-and-Laura storyline on "  General Hospital " in the United States . According to the Guardian , at one point , the scoreboard at a Manchester United game informed a stadium full of fans that "  Deirdre and Ken united again ! " The raspy-voiced character -- Kirkbride had a long smoking habit -- was Kirkbride 's main claim to fame , though she started in the theater and was first noticed in another program , a 1972 filmed play called "  Another Sunday and Sweet F.A. " Intensely private , she once told the Guardian 's Anthony Hayward that she was perfectly happy with staying true to "  Coronation Street . " "  I just enjoy having something to do that 's good , something that 's interesting and gives me a lot of scope , " she said . "  I would n't be here if I wanted to perform Shakespeare . " Kirkbride was a survivor of non-Hodgkin lymphoma -- she lost her hair and acted in a wig for a time -- and talked about her depression in a 2012 documentary , "  Deirdre & Me : 40 Years on Coronation Street . " She was also an accomplished painter . She is survived by her husband , actor David Beckett . People we 've lost in 2015	Anne Kirkbride was mainstay of long-running UK soap "  Coronation Street " Kirkbride played Deirdre Barlow for more than 40 years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States needs to formulate an "  updated strategy " for Iraq , now that the Bush administration 's 18-month game plan for the country is completed , the head of the Government Accountability Office told lawmakers Wednesday . U.S. soldiers crouch at their positions during a mission in Baquba , northeast of Baghdad , earlier this month . Acting U.S. Comptroller General Gene L. Dodaro appeared before a House Armed Services Committee hearing to discuss last month 's GAO progress report on Iraq , which reaffirmed the need for a renewed strategy in the war-ravaged country . The report , Dodaro said in prepared remarks , noted that "  some gains " have been made in the security , legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year announced "  The New Way Forward " -- the near-term goals for Iraq that included the military surge . The surge , or troop escalation , ended this month . "  The United States had made some progress in achieving key goals stated in ` The New Way Forward , ' " the report said . "  Looking forward , many challenges remain , and an updated strategy is essential . " Dodaro said the progress report recommended an updated strategy in Iraq to the Departments of State and Defense . He told lawmakers that the departments said they will "  review and refine the current strategy as necessary , but asserted that ` The New Way Forward ' remains valid . " Dodaro also argued that a renewed strategy is important "  for several reasons . " The goals and objectives for the present phase end this month and they are "  contained in disparate documents rather than a single strategic plan , " he said in his prepared remarks . "  Much has changed in Iraq since January 2007 , when the president announced ` The New Way Forward . ' Violence is down , U.S. surge forces are leaving , and a new framework for the U.S. presence in Iraq needs to be agreed upon beyond the U.N. mandate , " Dodaro said . The GAO report said that while the number of enemy-initiated attacks in Iraq have decreased about 80 percent from June 2007 to June 2008 , the "  security environment remains volatile and dangerous . " The agency noted that not all of the country 's provinces have lead responsibility for security and less than 10 percent of Iraqi security forces "  were at the highest readiness level . " The progress report also cited the enactment by Iraqi lawmakers of measures "  to return some Baathists to government , grant amnesty to detained Iraqis and define provincial powers . " It said there is an "  unfinished " legislative agenda , citing the need for measures on "  sharing oil revenues , disarming militias , and holding provincial elections . " A provincial election law was passed on Tuesday by Iraq 's parliament , the Council of Representatives , but Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has rejected it , his office said Wednesday . The measure was strongly opposed by Kurdish lawmakers and Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government had criticized it , calling for its rejection . It 's not clear whether further negotiations may take place to amend the legislation . As for the economic arena , crude oil production is below U.S. goals , even though it has "  improved for short periods , " the GAO report said . Goals for water service are "  close to being reached , " but the daily electricity supply "  met only slightly more than half of demand in early July 2008 . " It also noted that Iraq "  spent only 24 percent of the $ 27 billion it budgeted for its reconstruction efforts between 2005 and 2007 . " Dodaro said the Pentagon , State Department and other agencies should "  develop an updated strategy for Iraq that defines U.S. goals and objectives after July 2008 . " "  This strategy should build on recent security and legislative gains , address the remaining unmet goals and challenges for the near and long term , clearly articulate goals , objectives , roles and responsibilities , and the resources needed , " he said .	NEW : Head of Government Accountability Office speaks to House committee Though attacks are down , situation in Iraq remains "  volatile and dangerous " Report cites "  unfinished " legislative agenda in Iraq Iraq 's oil production remains below U.S. goals , report says
CNN  -- Looking pale and gaunt , Matthew Todd Miller glanced away from the camera during his brief interview in North Korea . "  I will say that I prepared to violate the law of the DPRK before coming here , " he told CNN 's Will Ripley earlier this month . "  And I deliberately committed my crime . " But he did n't clarify what he meant by his "  crime . " On Sunday , Miller faces "  judgment date " in North Korea . He will not learn of his charges until that hearing . According to North Korean state media , the 24-year-old American arrived as a tourist into the country on April 10 . During entry , Miller tore his tourist visa and shouted that he would seek asylum and that "  he came to the DPRK after choosing it as a shelter , " according to KCNA . The state-run media described Miller as having "  rash behavior " and committing "  gross violation of its legal order . " When asked whether he sought asylum in North Korea . Miller told CNN that he had already addressed that in a previous interview "  so I 'm not here to discuss more . " He is one of three Americans detained in North Korea ; the other two are Kenneth Bae and Jeffrey Fowle . "  My situation is very urgent , " Miller told CNN . "  That very soon , I 'm going to trial and I will directly be sent to prison . I think this interview is my final chance to push the American government into helping me . " Was Miller seeking asylum ? Miller traveled to North Korea after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based Uri Tours , that takes tourists into North Korea . "  We do not have any understanding of why he ripped his visa , " according to Uri Tours . "  While we do our best to vet each participant who joins a tour , it 's not possible for us to know each person 's motivations for traveling to the DPRK . " The tours are conducted despite U.S. State Department warnings that American citizens have been subject to arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea . Miller stated that he wants the U.S. government to secure his release . He said he wrote a letter to U.S. President Barack Obama , but had received no reply , adding that he was "  disappointed in my government . " It 's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion . Miller 's case presents many questions , said Robert Kelly , an American who teaches International studies at Pusan National University in South Korea "  If he wanted asylum , why 's he trying to get out ? " Miller asked . "  Now , he changes his mind ? This is why the  U.S.  State Department encourages citizens not to go to North Korea . " Miller 's roots Little is known about Miller . In Bakersfield , California , where his family lives , a pink note was affixed on their front door that stated : "  Please do not disturb . We have no comment . " Close friends and neighbors contacted by CNN said they were instructed by the family not to speak to reporters . In a July interview , a neighbor told the Associated Press that Miller had first went to South Korea about four years ago to visit his brother and that he found a job teaching English . Miller was a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School , according to KBAK , a CNN affiliate in Bakersfield . A few classmates who spoke with CNN said that that Miller seemed like an average kid . Two of them said they barely remembered him , because he was so quiet . Americans held as bait ? The detention of the three Americans is a sign that North Korea seeks U.S. attention , said Kelly , who runs an Asian Security Blog . Obama 's policy of strategic patience could be a source of irritation for North Korea . "  It 's a temper tantrum , " he said . "  They do n't really like being ignored . It 's North Korea 's ideology . " Americans previously detained in North Korea have been released after high-profile officials such as Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter visited the country . "  The big visits make them important and make them look like a superpower cares . It 's important for regime legitimacy at home , " Kelly said . Bill Richardson , the former governor of New Mexico , has made several trips to North Korea , beginning with a trip in 1994 when he negotiated the release of the remains of a U.S. serviceman . North Korean leader , Kim Jong Un 's "  negotiating tactics is now reverting to what his father used to do when he held detainees and American prisoners , " Richardson said earlier this month . "  They draw them out , they pressure them to admit that they were guilty , that they 're being well treated , pleading to the American government to send an envoy to bring them back . "  They want something in return . The North Koreans want to dialogue with us . " CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	U.S. detainee in North Korea : I deliberately committed my crime Matthew Miller , 24 , tore up his tourist visa when he arrived to North Korea , says KCNA His family has not commented and asked others not to speak to media He faces trial on September 14
The Israeli-Palestinian peace talks beginning in Jerusalem proceed within a framework of assumptions that merit careful thought . One prevailing assumption is that there are two options : either a two-state settlement will be reached , or there will be a "  shift to a nearly inevitable outcome of the one remaining reality -- a state ` from the sea to the river ' , " an outcome posing "  an immediate existential threat of the erasure of the identity of Israel as a Jewish and democratic state " because of what is termed "  the demographic problem , " a future Palestinian majority in the single state . This particular formulation is by former Israeli Shin Bet  Israel Security Agency  chief Yuval Diskin , but the basic assumptions are near universal in political commentary and scholarship . They are , however , crucially incomplete . There is a third option , the most realistic one : Israel will carry forward its current policies with full U.S. economic , military , and diplomatic support , sprinkled with some mild phrases of disapproval . The policies are quite clear . Their roots go back to the 1967 war and they have been pursued with particular dedication since the Oslo Accords of September 1993 . The Accords determined that Gaza and the West Bank are an indivisible territorial entity . Israel and the U.S. moved at once to separate them , which means that any autonomy Palestinians might gain in the West Bank will have no direct access to the outside world . A second step was to carry forward the creation of a vastly expanded Greater Jerusalem , incorporating it within Israel , as its capital . This is in direct violation of Security Council orders and is a serious blow to any hope for a viable Palestinian entity . A corridor to the east of the new Greater Jerusalem incorporates the settler town of Ma'aleh Adumim , established in the 1970s but built primarily after the Oslo Accords , virtually bisecting the West Bank . Corridors to the north including other settler towns divide what is to remain under some degree of Palestinian control -- "  Bantustans , " as they were called by one of the main architects of the policy , Ariel Sharon , in a reference to the territory set aside for black South Africans during the apartheid era . Meanwhile Israel is incorporating the territory on the Israeli side of the "  separation wall " cutting through the West Bank , taking arable land and water resources and Palestinian villages . Included are the settlement blocs that "  will remain part of Israel in any possible future peace agreement , " as stated by Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev as the current negotiations were announced . The International Court of Justice ruled that all of this is illegal , and the Security Council had already ruled that all of the settlements are illegal . The U.S. joined the world in accepting that conclusion in the early years of the occupation . But under Ronald Reagan , the position was changed to "  harmful to peace , " and Barack Obama has weakened it further to "  not helpful to peace . " Israel has also been clearing the Jordan Valley of Palestinians while establishing Jewish settlements , sinking wells , and otherwise preparing for eventual integration of the region within Israel . That will complete the isolation of any West Bank Palestinian entity . Meanwhile huge infrastructure projects throughout the West Bank , from which Palestinians are barred , carry forward the integration to Israel , and presumably eventual annexation . The areas that Israel is taking over will be virtually free of Arabs . There will be no new "  demographic problem " or civil rights or anti-apartheid struggle , contrary to what many advocates of Palestinian rights anticipate in a single state . There remain open questions . Notably , pre-Obama , U.S. presidents have prevented Israel from building settlements on the E1 site -- a controversial area in the West Bank that Israel hopes to develop -- which would complete the separation of Greater Jerusalem from Palestinian-controlled area . What will happen here is uncertain . As the negotiations opened , Israel made its intentions clear by announcing new construction in East Jerusalem and scattered settlements , while also extending its "  national priority list " of settlements that receive special subsidies to encourage building and inducements for Jewish settlers . Obama made his intentions clear by appointing as chief negotiator Martin Indyk , whose background is in the Israeli lobby , a close associate of negotiator and presidential adviser Dennis Ross , whose guiding principle has been that Israel has "  needs , " which plainly overcome mere Palestinian wants . These developments bring to the fore a second common assumption : that Palestinians have been hindering the peace process by imposing preconditions . In reality , the U.S. and Israel impose crucial preconditions . One is that the process must be in the hands of the United States , which is an active participant in the conflict on Israel 's side , not an "  honest broker . " A second is that the illegal Israel settlement activities must be allowed to continue . There is an overwhelming international consensus in support of a two-state settlement on the internationally recognized border , perhaps with "  minor and mutual adjustments " of this 1949 cease-fire line , in the wording of much earlier U.S. policy . The consensus includes the Arab states and the Organization of Islamic States  including Iran  . It has been blocked by the U.S. and Israel since 1976 , when the U.S. vetoed a resolution to this effect brought by Egypt , Jordan , and Syria . The rejectionist record continues to the present . Washington 's most recent veto of a Security Council resolution on Palestinian territory was in February 2011 , a resolution calling for implementation of official U.S. policy -- an end to expansion of Israel 's illegal settlements . And the rejectionist record goes far beyond the Security Council . Also misleading is the question whether the hawkish Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu would accept a "  Palestinian state . " In fact , his administration was the first to countenance this possibility when it came into office in 1996 , following Yitzhak Rabin and Shimon Peres , who rejected this outcome . Netanyahu 's associate David bar-Illan explained that some areas would be left to Palestinians , and if they wanted to call them "  a state , " Israel would not object -- or they could call them "  fried chicken . " His response reflects the operative attitude of the U.S.-Israel coalition to Palestinian rights . In the region , there is great skepticism about Washington 's current revival of the "  peace process . " It is not hard to see why .	Noam Chomsky : Israel will continue its current policies with U.S. support Chomsky : Since 1993 Israel has sped up plan to divide , isolate Palestinian territory Netanyahu associate : Some land will be left to Palestinians if they want to call it a state
CNN  -- Russia sent mixed signals Wednesday on chemical weapons in Syria -- with its foreign ministry pinning the blame for one such attack on a rebel group hours after its president refused to close the door on a U.N.-approved strike against Syria 's government . As one of Syria 's top allies -- and one with veto power on the U.N. Security Council -- Moscow time and again has stymied efforts to punish Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government for launching attacks killing innocent civilians and using weaponry derided by the international community . Such calls intensified after an alleged chemical weapons attack last month outside Damascus that , the U.S. government estimates , left upward of 1,400 people dead . French and U.S. legislators spent Wednesday debating the merits of authorizing military strikes in Syria . Russia has challenged assessments from officials in those nations and Great Britain that Syrian forces have used chemical weapons since the bloody civil war broke out in 2011 . On Wednesday , Russian President Vladimir Putin said he "  does n't exclude " backing a U.N. resolution for military action , though only if there is irrefutable proof Syria 's government is behind the latest attack . Samples taken by U.N. inspectors at that site were due at the world body 's laboratories this week and will be tested "  strictly according to internationally recognized standards , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . Putin also said , in the same interview with Russia 's state Channel 1 television and The Associated Press , that it would be "  absurd " for al-Assad 's forces to use chemical weapons when they have the upper hand over rebel fighters . The Syrian government not only has denied waging chemical weapon attacks , it has accused opposition fighters -- whom it routinely refers to as "  terrorists " -- of using them . Russia 's foreign ministry appeared to echo that view , in at least one instance , on Wednesday . Referencing a March 19 attack  not the one on August 21  in an Aleppo suburb , the ministry said its experts -- in an analysis requested by Syrian authorities -- concluded that 26 civilian and Syrian military deaths from the spring attack can be traced to a "  homemade " device not used by the Syrian army . The projectile , the Russian ministry stated , was similar to those used in northern Syria by Bashaar Al-Nasr , an Islamist brigade that 's part of the opposition Syria Liberation Front . In addition to hexogen , the Russian experts found the nerve agent sarin and another such chemical in its shell and soil samples . ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons worse ? How this revelation affects the dynamics in Syria , and internationally , is uncertain . U.S. and some allied officials , for example , have expressed reluctance to accept such claims in the past . Moreover , they have indicated their willingness to wage targeted strikes in retaliation to the more recent strike , even without sweeping global support . The competing claims suggest that world leaders -- as has been true in the two years since the conflict began , leading to more than 100,000 deaths according to a U.N. estimate -- are n't close to an agreement about who 's to blame for the bloodshed and what to do about it . Nor is there a sense the conflict is near an end . The Local Coordination Committees , a network of opposition activists , reported Syrian forces shelled more than 450 sites Wednesday , contributing to at least 72 more deaths . The official Syrian News Agency , known as SANA , tweeted about Army troops clashes with terrorists , who it blamed for the death of national taekwondo team member Mohammed Ali Nu ` meh . Meanwhile , government officials , such as presidential adviser Bouthaina Shaaban , remained critical of efforts of those who might strike without U.N. backing , saying they -- and not the Syrian government -- would pay a steep price . "  The Syrian people will never leave , they will always be here , " Shaaban said Wednesday on Britain 's Channel 4 . "  But those who lead the aggression will leave , and they will  live with  the results of this aggression . " French , U.S. lawmakers debate action Echoing top U.S. officials , French leaders pressed lawmakers in Paris to back a military strike to send a clear message to al-Assad . Five things we learned from Senate hearing on Syria "  Not to react would be to put peace and security of the entire region in danger , but also beyond that , our own security , " French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told a combined session of the Senate and National Assembly , arguing that inaction would give those with chemical and nuclear weapons a green light to use them . A similar debate is playing out in Washington , where the Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 10 to 7 for a resolution backed by President Barack Obama to authorize a targeted U.S. military action . That decision sends the measure to the full chamber for a vote next week . Read the U.S. Senate draft resolution  . pdf Secretary of State John Kerry , meanwhile , again made the Obama administration 's case Wednesday , this time to the House Foreign Affairs Committee . Kerry said some U.S. allies in the Middle East "  have said that , if the United States is prepared to do the whole thing , ... they will carry that cost . " The top U.S. diplomat also stated -- as he has previously -- that a military ' strike would be focused on addressing the chemical weapons threat , and that it would be effective . "  We have absolute confidence that what our military undertakes to do , if it is ordered to do so , will degrade the capacity of Assad to use his weapons and serve as a very strong deterrent , " Kerry said . Yet as was the case a day before with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , not everyone was convinced . Rep. Michael McCaul , a Texas Republican , claimed most members of the Syrian opposition are "  radical extremists , " saying that every time he asks U.S. officials about them , "  the answers get worse and worse . " Kerry countered that about 15 % of the rebel fighters are "  bad guys " who fare fighting each other . "  There 's a general belief that a real moderate opposition exists " he added , saying aid in being carefully funneled to this faction which is "  only getting stronger . " Four questions for backers of Syrian mission Still , even within the Obama administration , there are questions as to how much the rebel movement can be trusted . "  We do not see the clear division between moderates and extremists that some have suggested , " a U.S. official told CNN , adding that "  all these different elements are mixed in . " Iranian : ` We will support Syria to the end ' Obama said last year that the use of chemical weapons in Syria 's civil war would cross a "  red line " for U.S. intervention . International agreements ban the use of chemical weapons , and many Western leaders worry that allowing their use to go unchecked in Syria could weaken that prohibition . "  As much as we 're criticized , when bad stuff happens around the world the first question is , ` What is the U.S. going to do about it ? ' " Obama told reporters Wednesday in Stockholm , Sweden , after meeting with Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt . "  The moral thing to do is not to stand by and do nothing , " he said . Is it ` High Noon ' for Obama on Syria ? Not everyone -- including longtime U.S. allies -- agree military action now is the answer . Reinfeldt , for instance , said the world must seek a "  political solution . " Kofi Annan , a former U.N. secretary-general , said there is "  no military solution . " And British lawmakers last week voted to preclude military involvement . Then there are some who are standing firmly by Syria 's embattled government . Russia , for one , has historically close economic , political and military ties with Syria , having likely more than $ 4 billion in contracts with Russia 's defense ministry , according to Jeffrey Mankoff , an adjunct fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies Russia and Eurasia Program . Moscow also signed a $ 550 million deal with Syria for combat training jets , and Putin noted that it 's given its ally some parts of an air defense missile system but has frozen additional shipments . Iran -- in addition to being one of America and Israel 's staunchest foes -- has been al-Assad 's biggest backers throughout . On Wednesday , Revolutionary Guard commander Gen. Qassem Soleimani pointed fingers at neighbors such as Qatari for backing what he said was an overwhelmingly foreign rebel fighting force , according to a report in Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency . Tehran wo n't let its friend down , he told Iran 's Assembly of Experts . "  We will support Syria to the end , " Soleimani said . Syria missile strike : What would happen next ? CNN 's Lateef Mungin and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : An opposition group reports 72 deaths ; state news says "  terrorists " targeted NEW : Syrian official says "  those who lead the aggression " will pay the price Russia 's government links a rebel group to March chemical attack in Syria Russian leader says the evidence for a U.N.-backed strike should be undeniable
CNN  -- Thousands of mourners descended on a suburban church in northern Italy on Thursday for the funeral of footballer Piermario Morosini , who died after collapsing on the pitch last week . Mourners lined the streets of Bergamo to see the 25-year-old Livorno player finally laid to rest in his hometown at the Church of San Gregorio . The midfielder 's coffin was draped in his Livorno shirt as well as an Atalanta top bearing his name and the No. 8 . Priest Luciano Manenti looked on as the coffin , adorned with wreaths and flowers , was carried from the church into a hearse . Morosini , who was on loan from Udinese , started out in Atalanta 's youth team . Among the mourners were his longtime girlfriend Anna Vavassori , Italian soccer federation president Giancarlo Abete and national team coach Cesare Prandelli . "  Soccer must pose itself questions following this tragedy , " Prandelli said after the funeral , according to Italian news agency Ansa . "  Sporting medicine and prevention are state of the art in Italy , but it 's possible to improve . " Morosini 's life had been blighted by tragedy with the loss of both his parents before his 18th birthday . His disabled brother later committed suicide , leaving him alone with his handicapped elder sister Maria Carla . The funeral followed a packed memorial ceremony at Livorno 's Armando Picchi Stadium the previous day . Thousands of mourners filled the stands to pay tribute as a hearse carrying Morosini 's coffin did a lap of the ground . Livorno 's president Aldo Spinelli struggled to hold back tears as he saluted the player . Morosini died last Saturday after collapsing on the pitch during his side 's Serie B game at Pescara . Initially it was thought Morosini had suffered a cardiac arrest but a post mortem on Monday proved inconclusive . The entire Italian football program that weekend was canceled and a minute 's silence was observed at major league games around the world in his honor . Morosini 's death has raised questions about the procedures in place at Italian stadiums to deal with an emergency of the type that cost him his life . Prosecutors are investigating whether a badly parked police car delayed the arrival of paramedics on the scene . Udinese has set up a fund for Maria Carla , who relied on her brother for financial support .	Thousands of mourners line streets of Morosini 's hometown Bergamo for funeral Italy 's national soccer coach is among those who attend church service The previous day thousands of fans fill Picchi Stadium in Livorno for memorial ceremony Morosini 's death has raised questions about emergency procedures on the pitch
CNN  -- As U.S. President George W. Bush wrapped up his tour of the Middle East , some of the region 's biggest investors were doing business in the U.S. U.S. President George W. Bush during a lighter moment on his Middle Eastern tour with Saudi Prince Salman bin Abdul Aziz Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal topped up his holding in U.S. banking giant Citigroup , as part of a $ 12.5 billion cash injection from a group of backers , including the Kuwait Investment Authority . The same day , the Kuwait Investment Authority also participated in a $ 6.6 billion boost for U.S. investment bank Merrill Lynch . They 're the latest in a long line of substantial investments emanating from the Middle East ; most made by Sovereign Wealth Funds spending the proceeds of the oil boom . What are they ? Sovereign Wealth Funds  SWFs  are not a new phenomenon -- the first was founded in 1953 -- but recently , they 've become much more active . In the past six months , in the financial sector alone , they 've taken stakes in Morgan Stanley , UBS and Bear Stearns , as well as Citigroup and Merrill Lynch . How much are they worth ? Figures vary as many of the larger funds do n't divulge valuations . Morgan Stanley says , combined , they could be worth as much as $ 2.5 trillion . Standard Chartered says the total assets managed in SWFs correspond to around 12 percent of the market capitalization of the NYSE , or about 42 percent of total stocks on the Tokyo Stock Exchange . Who owns them ? Sovereign Wealth Funds are n't solely the preserve of Middle Eastern royalty . Norway 's Government Pension Fund is one of the biggest SWFs in the world , worth an estimated $ 322 billion . Singapore , China and Russia also have sizeable funds . In fact , they 're all featured Standard Chartered 's "  Super Seven " ; funds with more than $ 100 billion in assets . In recent years , more countries have jumped aboard the SWF wagon . Among the most recent are Chile 's Economic and Social Stabilization Fund  2006  and Venezuela 's National Development Fund  2005  . Where does the money come from ? The biggest single source of funding for the largest SWFs is oil and other commodities . As oil prices swelled , so too did government coffers . Excess foreign reserves are also a source of funding . And of course , as the value of their assets grows , SWFs too will have more money at their disposal . In ten year 's time , Standard Chartered estimates they 'll be worth $ 13.4 trillion . Morgan Stanley forecasts a more optimistic $ 17.5 trillion . Who are the big spenders ? The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority is the world 's biggest SWF , in dollar value , as well as a proportion of the Emirate 's GDP . Estimates of its size vary widely , from $ 250 billion to $ 1 trillion . Standard Chartered puts it about half-way at $ 625 billion . One of its most recent purchases was a $ 7.5 billion stake in Citigroup last November . Sounds great , what 's the catch ? Many commentators view the rise of SWFs as a positive force in the world market . For example , while the prospect of a recession in the U.S. has sent other investors running for cover , they 've been willing and able to pump vast sums of money into the U.S. banking sector . However , there 's some trepidation about their lack of transparency ; many do n't provide details of their size , investment returns or asset allocation . The secrecy has stoked concerns about their investment motives . Some countries are worried that SWFs will give other governments undue influence over important local companies . The challenge is to ease concerns about "  strategic investments , " while not setting up too many barriers to foreign money . E-mail to a friend	Sovereign Wealth Funds  SWFs  active buying stakes in leading U.S. banks First SWF founded in 1953 , now total worth worldwide estimated at $ 2.2 trillion Abu Dhabi has biggest SWF , followed by Singapore , Norway and Kuwait Secrecy of some funds stoking concern about strategic goverment stakes
CNN  -- A string of sexual child abuse charges against a former Penn State assistant football coach includes an alleged shower incident that two current university officials are accused of covering up , prosecutors said Saturday . Jerry Sandusky , 67 , who served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , allegedly engaged in fondling , oral sex and anal sex with young boys over a period of more than 10 years , according to an investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony . "  This is a case about a sexual predator who used his position within the university and community to repeatedly prey on young boys , " Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said Saturday in announcing the charges . In some cases , Sandusky , who maintains his innocence , promised the boys gifts or invited them to football games and sleepovers , according to the grand jury . Some of the incidents allegedly occurred in Penn State athletic facilities . Sandusky , who retired from coaching in 1999 , was founder of the Second Mile , a charitable organization that began as a group foster home "  dedicated to helping troubled boys , " the grand jury states . "  Through the Second Mile , Sandusky had access to hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " it added . Also named in the grand jury report are Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley , 57 , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , who face charges of one count of perjury each . Curley and Schultz "  allegedly failed to report the sexual assault of a young boy after the information was brought to their attention , and later made false statements to a grand jury that was investigating a series of assaults on young boys , " Kelly said . The two university officials are expected to surrender Monday . Sandusky , who was arrested and released Saturday on $ 100,000 unsecured bail , faces seven counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse , and numerous other charges , including aggravated indecent assault and endangering the welfare of a child . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Wednesday , but defense attorney Joseph Amendola told CNN Johnstown affiliate WJAC he expects it be postponed in order for attorneys to have enough time to bring in witnesses . Sandusky has known about the allegations for three years , the lawyer said . "  Jerry feels like because of his background and reputation it took a long time to reach this conclusion and he 's been ready for it , " Amendola told WJAC . The grand jury investigation was initiated by the claims of one boy who alleged that Sandusky had "  indecently assaulted " him and engaged in sex acts while the boy was a guest at his home , according to the attorney general . The victim met Sandusky through the former coach 's Second Mile charity , Kelly said . Sandusky allegedly used expensive gifts such as trips to professional and college games , golf clubs , a computer and money , Kelly said . The relationship , which began in 2005 and lasted into 2008 , included overnight stays at Sandusky 's home , where touching led to sexual acts , according to Kelly and grand jury testimony . "  One of the most compelling and disturbing pieces of testimony in this investigation came from an eyewitness to a late-night sexual assault that allegedly occurred in March of 2002 , in the locker room of the Lasch Football Building on the University Park Campus , " Kelly said . "  Hearing what sounded like sexual activity in the showers of a building that was supposed to be empty , a graduate assistant reportedly observed Sandusky sexually assaulting a naked boy who appeared to be about 10 years old . " The assistant reported the incident to head football coach Joe Paterno , who in turn alerted athletic director Curley , Kelly said . Instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz banned Sandusky from having children from Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . Specifically , the grand jury found that Curley committed perjury in repeatedly denying that he had ever been told that Sandusky had engaged in sexual misconduct with a child , Kelly said . "  Assertions by Schultz that the allegations concerning Sandusky were ` not that serious ' and that he and Curley ` had no indication that a crime had occurred ' were in direct contradiction to other testimony and constituted perjury , " Kelly wrote . In all , the grand jury identified eight boys , ranging in age from about 8 to 14 , who were the targets of similar sexual advances or assaults by Sandusky from 1994-2009 . All of the victims first encountered Sandusky through Second Mile activities , Kelly said . Authorities said they are continuing to search for additional victims and that the case remains active . Penn State President Graham Spanier said in a statement that the allegations against the former coach are "  troubling , " and that the investigation is appropriate . With regards to Curley and Schultz , Spanier said they have his "  unconditional support . " "  I have complete confidence in how they have handled the allegations about a former University employee , " he said , adding that the charges are "  groundless . " CNN 's Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocent The alleged assaults on eight boys occurred between 1994 and 2009 Two other university officials are charged with perjury in alleged cover-up Sandusky was an assistant coach at Penn State until 1999
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Army investigators on Sunday asked troops and civilians for help in the probe of a deadly mass shooting at Fort Hood last week , saying some who fled the gunfire might have evidence . "  The Fort Hood office of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command is seeking any military or civilian personnel who may have left the scene ... with gunshot damage such as damaged privately owned vehicles , personnel clothing , etc. , " investigators said in a written statement . "  CID is also seeking any military or civilian personnel who may have inadvertently left the scene of this incident with material that could be used as firearms residue related evidence such as shell casings inside the boot , etc. " The statement said such objects would help Army investigators and the FBI "  in their bullet trajectory analysis of the scene , to insure the comprehensiveness of the ongoing investigation . " Thirteen people -- a dozen soldiers and a civilian -- died Thursday in the shooting at the Fort Hood Army Post . Some 42 people were wounded , according to the post 's public information office . It was unclear how many of those suffered gunshot wounds . Among the wounded was Pvt. Joseph Foster , 21 , who was preparing for his January deployment to Afghanistan when he was hit in the hip during the attack . With his wife and 6-week-old daughter beside him , he told reporters gathered outside his home Sunday that it was difficult to accept such an attack on his own post . "  Not here at home -- but as we 've seen , anything is possible , " Foster said . "  We are at war . " As of Sunday , 16 gunshot victims remained hospitalized plus the suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , spokesman Col. John Rossi told reporters . He did not say where all those hospitalized were being treated . Of the 16 , seven were in intensive care , he said . When Staff Sgt. Alvin Howard 's wife heard he was hurt at the post , her feelings were "  indescribable , " she said Sunday . Kaneesha Howard told reporters her husband was set to deploy to Afghanistan in January . In 2003 , he was deployed to Iraq , she said . Daughters , Alanna , 9 , and Kristen , 7 , were shaken by the event . Alanna said of her younger sister : "  She started crying when we went to the hospital because she -LSB- had -RSB- never seen her dad bandaged up like that . " Howard was shot in the shoulder and was recovering in the hospital , his family said . They were unsure when he would be released . Rossi said Hasan , a 39-year-old licensed Army psychiatrist who worked at a hospital on the post , is no longer on a ventilator , but remained in critical but stable condition and in intensive care at Brooke Army Medical Center . Authorities have not identified a motive in the attack at Fort Hood 's military processing center , where soldiers report before they head to war . Efforts to assist those affected by the incident , including family members of soldiers at the post , were ongoing , Rossi said . Fort Hood was awaiting the arrival of two specialists in child psychology and disaster management , he said . "  This is not just for those directly affected by this tragedy , " Rossi said , noting that effects from trauma sometimes are not immediately apparent . However , he said , soldiers are trained to respond to violence by controlling and securing the scene . "  Their training kicks in , and that 's what we saw , " Rossi said . "  The troubling part of it is it happened here in our own house . " Army Criminal Investigation Command spokesman Chris Grey said Saturday that all evidence indicates that the suspect acted alone and there was no indication of "  friendly fire . " The processing center has been moved to another location so its work can continue while investigators work at the crime scene , Rossi said Sunday . He told reporters he did not know Hasan 's schedule on the day of the shooting , but "  my understanding is that there was no purpose for him " to be in the processing center . The remains of those killed are currently at Dover Air Force Base in Dover , Delaware , undergoing the same process as the remains of soldiers killed in Iraq or Afghanistan . "  These heroes are being treated the same way , " Rossi said . Rossi said he had visited with Fort Hood Police Sgt. Kimberly Munley -- the civilian officer who confronted and disabled Hasan in a shootout -- and with an injured soldier . "  Truthfully , it was an honor just to be in their presence , " he said . But , he said , "  I can not tell you how many times they reiterated to me that this is not about them . " Munley has drawn national praise for her actions . Her husband has been brought in from Fort Bragg , North Carolina , to be with her , Rossi said . In a statement Saturday , Munley 's family said she had undergone a second surgery and was in good condition . The suspect 's brother , Eyad Hasan , released a statement Saturday saying the family was in a "  state of shock and disbelief over this dreadful news . " He wrote , "  I 've known my brother Nidal to be a peaceful , loving and compassionate person who has shown great interest in the medical field and in helping others . He has never committed an act of violence and was always known to be a good , law-abiding citizen . " Eyad Hasan said the family has faith in the legal system . An earlier statement from another family member said Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , had been telling his family that he wanted to get out of the military but had been unsuccessful in doing so . Rossi said Saturday that Hasan had a late November deployment date to Afghanistan . It was to have been his first overseas deployment . The shooting , on the nation 's largest military base , sparked outrage . In his Saturday radio address , President Obama said it was "  an act of violence that would have been heartbreaking had it occurred any place in America . " But , he said , "  it 's all the more heartbreaking and all the more despicable because of the place where it occurred and the patriots who were its victims . " Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will attend a Tuesday memorial service for the victims .	NEW : Soldier wounded in Fort Hood attack : It 's difficult to believe this could happen Obama : Massacre and response showed worst and best of human nature Thirteen dead , 42 wounded , according to the Fort Hood 's public information office Suspect and 17 others still hospitalized , spokesman says
CNN  -- Two time defending world champion Sebastian Vettel claimed pole in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka for the fourth straight year Saturday ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber . The German clocked the fastest time of one minute 30.839 seconds , which was 0.251 seconds faster than Webber . McLaren 's Jenson Button was third quickest , but will start from eighth after having a five-place grid penalty for a gearbox change . It has promoted home hope Kamui Kobayashi to third as the home driver produced a superb last qualifying lap in his Sauber to delight the crowd . France 's Romain Grosjean for Lotus will go from fourth with the second Sauber of Mexican Sergio Perez in fifth . Button 's relegation has moved Ferrari 's championship leader Fernando Alonso up to sixth as he bids to protect his 29-point title lead over Vettel . Lewis Hamilton , who announced his move to Mercedes this week , was a disappointing ninth fastest in the second McLaren in a further blow to his receding championship challenge . Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , who is being replaced at Mercedes by Hamilton and will retire for the second time at the end of the season , was unable to make the top-10 shootout . Schumacher , who crashed in practice Friday , was only 13th fastest and will start from 23rd after a 10-place grid penalty for an incident in the previous round in Sinqapore . But Vettel , who stayed clear of a late qualifying crash by Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus , which held up several drivers , including Alonso and Hamilton , was in imperious form as he stepped up his title bid . "  We had almost the perfect qualifying , " he told the post-qualifying press conference . "  The car felt fantastic and I could n't have asked for any more . " Vettel won in Singapore after race leader Hamilton retired and with six round remaining has become a real threat to Alonso .	Sebastian Vettel on pole position for Japan GP at Suzuka Vettel joined on front row by Red Bull teammate Mark Webber Title leader Fernando Alonso will go from sixth Mercedes bound Lewis Hamilton only ninth best
CNN  -- The European football transfer window has finally closed for the summer after a typically frantic last day 's activity . In seasons past , deadline day has seen a flurry of transfers and drama , with last-minute agreements being confirmed in the final moments of the market remaining open -- and this year 's was certainly no different . And , despite the window now being closed , there could still be last-minute news of Tottenham beating the deadline to sign Real Madrid 's Dutch international midfielder Rafael van der vaart . That transfer will be announced once all the relevant paperwork has been checked , but here is a brief rundown of how the day unfolded . Confirmed 1800 GMT : Following the signing of Robinho , Milan have allowed striker Marco Borriello to join Serie A rivals Roma , while long-serving Milan defender Kakha Kaladze has left the club to sign for Genoa . Rumor 1710 GMT : Cracking rumor this one -- with ten minutes left to go on the English deadline Dutch midfielder Rafael van der Vaart is said to be heading to Tottenham Hotspur according to British broadcaster Sky Sports . Confirmed 1705 GMT : Ghana 's Asamoah Gyan signs for English Premier League side Sunderland for a $ 20 million club record fee from Rennes . Sunderland 's official club website confirmed the 24-year-old World Cup star has signed a four-year contract . Confirmed 1700 GMT : The rumor was true ! Robinho -- the most expensive signing in English football history -- has left Manchester City to sign for AC Milan on a four-year contract . He will link-up with Zlatan Ibrahimovic and compatriots Ronaldinho and Alexandre Pato in an exciting looking forward line . Rumor 1600 GMT : English media report that Liverpool have made a bid to sign England international striker Carlton Cole from rivals West Ham . Confirmed 1530GMT : English Premier League Birmingham City pull off a transfer coup by signing former Arsenal midfielder Alexander Hleb from Barcelona on a one-year loan deal . They have also signed Czech defender Martin Jiranek from Spartak Moscow for an undisclosed fee . Confirmed 1430GMT : Liverpool sign left-back Paul Konchesky from Premier League rivals Fulham on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee . Finnish striker Lauri Dalla Valle and Swedish winger Alex Kacaniklic move to Fulham in the opposite direction . Rumor 1345 GMT : Speculation from British broadcaster Sky Sports suggest that Australia goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer will not be joining city-rivals Arsenal from Fulham . Despite two formal bids and the saga lasting for many months it seems that Fulham did not want to send the 37-year-old on his way without a replacement having been found . Confirmed 1300 GMT : La Liga side Hercules have confirmed the signing of France striker David Trezeguet on their official website . The star joins the newly-promoted side after ten years with Juventus , after signing a two-year contract . Rumor 1230 GMT : Gazzetta dello Sport report that Serie A Lazio side are working out a loan deal to sign Paraguay striker Roque Santa Cruz . It would see the 29-year-old move on a one-year loan deal , the stumbling block being his personal terms . Rumor 1205 GMT : Ghana striker and World Cup star Asamoah Gyan is in Sunderland where the Black Star is expected to sign after completing a medical with the Black Cats . Fees of around # 12 million are subject to speculation . Confirmed 1200 GMT : Bundesliga leaders Hoffenheim has snapped up Iceland midfielder Gyfil Sigurdsson from English second division side Reading . A club record fee was paid for the player according the Reading website . Rumor 1150 GMT : Brazil striker Robinho flies into Milan with speculation rife he is due to sign a transfer deal with AC Milan . The move would see him team up with the Rossoneri 's recent capture from Barcelona Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Rumor 1145 GMT : Italian news agency Ansa has reported that Juve have paid Arsenal 500,000 euros to take 20-year-old left-back Armand Traore on loan from the English side . The Turin club will have an option to make the deal permanent at the end of the season . Confirmed 1130 GMT : Argentina midfielder and captain Javier Mascherano is finally unveiled after completing his move from English Premier League side Liverpool to Barcelona , the Spanish reigning champions confirmed on their official website . The 26-year old has signed a four-year deal with the Catalan side , after passing a five-hour medical . "  This is an opportunity of a lifetime 's a team full of great players and I 'm going to have the chance to play with players who I admire , " he told the official FIFA website . Confirmed 1115 GMT : Juventus announce the departure of Italy midfielder Mauro Camoranesi , as the 33-year-old signs for Bundesliga side Stuttgart . "  Those who love Juventus will always remember Mauro Camoranesi with affection and gratitude , " read an official statement from the Turin club . Confirmed 1000 GMT : Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar has moved from AC Milan to German side Schalke . The 27-year-old , who formerly played for Real Madrid , told his official website he had left Milan due to the arrival of Ibrahimovic . "  Negotiations were tougher than expected . I am happy to have Klaas-Jan . He will help us , " Schalke boss Magath told Bild newspaper . Confirmed 0945 GMT : Spanish side Valencia confirm the capture of defender Marius Stankevicius from Serie A side Sampdoria . The Lithuanian 's move was confirmed on the official website of the Italian club . The deadline closes at 1700 GMT in England and midnight across Europe .	The European football transfer window has finally closed after a frantic last day NEW Ghana 's Asamoah Gyan signs for English Premier League side Sunderland for a $ 20 million club record fee from Rennes NEW La Liga side Hercules confirm the signing of France striker David Trezeguet on their official website NEW The rumor was true ! Robinho has left Manchester City to sign for AC Milan on a four-year contract
CNN  Terrorism is nothing new to Europe . But there are new , pressing questions tied to the latest threats -- ones that authorities are trying to answer in their quest to get the upper hand and keep the continent safe . European security services in recent weeks have received indications that the extremist group ISIS may have started directing European adherents in Syria and Iraq to launch attacks back in their home countries , a senior European counterterrorism official told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . Separately , a Western intelligence source told CNN national correspondent Deborah Feyerick that the threat appears to involve as many as 20 sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands . The source said that European Union and Middle East intelligence agencies identified an "  imminent threat " to Belgium , and possibly also to the Netherlands . Last week 's attacks in France are proof that these threats could become reality at any time . Assessing how close Europe is to another such attack , and doing whatever possible to prevent it are top priorities now for European authorities . What is the nature of the threat ? Beyond what has emerged about Thursday 's raids in Belgium -- which ended with two suspects dead -- details remain sketchy . The European counterterrorism official told Cruickshank that there were indications that returnees from Iraq and Syria had been directed by ISIS leadership to launch attacks on European soil in revenge for airstrikes in Syria and Iraq . "  That would be a game changer because ISIS up to this point has not orchestrated any terrorist plots in the West , " Cruickshank said . "  There have been some ISIS fighters who have come back , but they have launched plots on their own steam . " The official named France , the United Kingdom and Belgium as countries facing a particular threat and said counterterrorism agencies in Germany are also on high alert . Several European nations , including the United Kingdom , France , Belgium and the Netherlands , are participating in the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . A senior Belgian counterterrorism official told Cruickshank that the suspected terrorist cell that was raided is believed to have received instructions from ISIS . German authorities , meanwhile , said they had arrested three men on suspicion of links to ISIS . A 26-year-old man suspected of having trained to fight in Syria and trying to recruit others to join ISIS was detained in Lower Saxony on Thursday ; and two men in their early 40s suspected of supporting ISIS in Syria were taken into custody in Berlin on Friday . But none of the men appear to have been planning attacks in Germany , authorities said . Are there concerns about any other groups ? Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the deadly shooting at the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris last week . U.S. authorities said they thought the video was authentic . But they were n't ready to say that AQAP helped carry out the assault . "  We 're not there yet . There are good indicators " that the group was behind the attack , but the intelligence community is still assessing , a senior administration official told CNN . At least a dozen people were detained in the Paris region overnight in connection with last week 's shootings , the city prosecutor 's office said Friday . The European counterterrorism official told Cruickshank that there was also significant concern about Khorasan , an al Qaeda affiliate group , plotting attacks against Europe . Last week , Andrew Parker , the head of the British security service MI5 warned that a group of core al Qaeda terrorists in Syria was planning mass casualty attacks against the West , an apparent reference to the Khorasan group , according to Cruickshank . Are ISIS and al Qaeda working together in Europe ? That does n't seem to be the case , despite the apparently mixed affiliations of the Paris attackers . Cherif and Said Kouachi , the two brothers who French authorities say carried out the Charlie Hebdo attack , are believed to have had links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . But Amedy Coulibaly , who attacked a kosher supermarket in Paris and demanded that police end their siege of the Kouachi brothers , pledged allegiance to ISIS . In Syria , ISIS and al Qaeda have become fierce rivals since they severed ties early last year . "  I think the leadership of the two groups is not working together . And indeed , in many cases in Syria , they have fought each other , " said Rep. Adam Schiff , a senior member on the U.S. House Intelligence Committee . "  But outside of the theater of war , it certainly appears that those collisions and conflicts are less important to some of the people who are radicalized . " "  In France , as in probably the United States , Europe and elsewhere , you have people that have a closer affinity to one or the other , " he told CNN . "  Some have been just radicalized online , and maybe the message of ISIL and the caliphate resonates more , " Schiff said , using another acronym for ISIS . "  Others may have actually received training or support from AQAP , as may have been the case with the Kouachi brothers . And plainly , they do n't have a problem working together overseas to attack Western targets . " The European counterterrorism official told Cruickshank that the possible shift by ISIS to direct attacks in Europe was partly the result of increased competition between ISIS and al Qaeda affiliates , including Khorasan , to be seen as the standard bearers of global jihad . Are the Belgian raids connected to the Paris attacks ? CNN affiliate VTM reported that the terrorism investigation in Belgium started weeks ago , and there has been no connection established with the Paris attacks . The three people targeted in the raid in the city of Verviers , in which two of them were killed , had been under surveillance for some time , said Belgian prosecutors ' spokesman Thierry Werts . A Western intelligence source told CNN that the Paris attacks played a role in accelerating the timing of the Belgian operation . That included the arrest of a Belgian arms dealer suspected of providing weapons to Coulibaly . Belgian investigators questioned the arms dealer and searched his possessions , the source said . Through him , the investigators got a number of "  positive hits " on suspected extremists already known to authorities . After the Paris attacks , the source said , investigators stepped up the urgency . How big is the challenge facing security agencies ? European officials have been warning for months about the unprecedented challenge posed by fighters returning from Syria . More than 3,000 Europeans have left to fight in Syria in recent years . The total number who have returned to Europe is now estimated to be over 500 , according to Cruickshank , including 250 who have returned to the United Kingdom , almost 200 to France and around 70 to Belgium . An indication of the potential threat came last year in the deadly shooting at the Jewish Museum in Brussels , Belgium . The suspect in that case is Mehdi Nemmouche , a French citizen who has also been accused of helping to guard ISIS ' Western hostages in Syria . Nemmouche was arrested in France and extradited to Belgium to face trial over the museum shooting . He has denied the charges . But the sheer number of Europeans returning from Syria , as well as those suspected of other jihadist activities , makes the task of identifying who is a threat very difficult for law enforcement agencies . "  If there are literally hundreds of people going back to Western Europe , the ability of the police to literally sit on everybody becomes problematic from the standpoint of having the manpower , " said Michael Chertoff , who was secretary of homeland security under President George W. Bush . CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	European authorities are busy after last week 's terror attacks in France There 's been a raid in Belgium and arrests around Europe Officials are trying to assess the nature of the threats
CNN  -- As a heat wave kept roasting the eastern United States on Tuesday , New Yorkers are blasting their air conditioners so much that they could set a record for electricity usage by Wednesday , utility officials said . Meanwhile , Con Edison crews faced scattered outages and restored power to more than 7,600 customers in New York City and Westchester County since the area began to bake Sunday , the utility said Tuesday . "  We could certainly break a record , all-time demand record this week , " John Miksad , Con Ed 's senior vice president for operations , said in a video statement . "  All week , we 're gon na be right up there in the 95 % all-time record level . We 've only had probably four other days that will be as high as what we 're going to see this week . "  What we 're doing right now is , we 've basically got all hands on deck , we 've buttoned up the system , and now we 're just ready to respond to whatever comes our way , " he added . Con Ed 's record for consumption is 13,189 megawatts , set at 4 p.m. July 22 , 2011 , the utility said . As sauna conditions seared the Eastern Seaboard , the heat index was expected to reach 100 degrees or more , forecasters said . At noon , New York 's heat index was 96 degrees , said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . Heat indices represent how hot the air feels , based on the actual temperature and humidity . "  I was in New York City last week : It 's so much more than the heat ; it 's the humidity sticking around . You walk around the city , and it feels like 102 , and it 's brutal , " Myers said . The New York Fire Department recorded 37 heat-related incidents on Monday and 25 more as of late Tuesday afternoon , spokeswoman Elisheva Zakheim said . The heat indices for the Northeast , Mid-Atlantic and Midwest are expected to soar well past 100 degrees Tuesday , the National Weather Service said . A heat advisory was in effect for parts of Massachusetts , Connecticut and Rhode Island , as well as much of Michigan . It 's enough to make pedestrians run to the shady side of the street . "  I looked across the street : Which side is the sun shining on , and which side is the shade ? " Randy Turner told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  I was just thinking , walking down the street , why am I walking in this heat ? " Michelle Sangenito also told WCBS . People were willing to hit the floor just to beat the heat . "  Well , I came home late last night to a couple roommates just , like , laying out . I chose the ground because that 's cooler , " Holly King told CNN affiliate WABC . Death Valley scrambles to clean up after egg-frying frenzy Volunteer emergency medical technician Mark Sanders was standing vigil among the 60,000 visitors in Central Park . "  We are on alert for heat emergencies . We do have a lot of water , a lot of fluids and cooling capabilities , " he told WABC . Rain will cool the eastern third of the country by the weekend and bring pleasant weather to that region next week , with temperatures reaching only 80 degrees , Myers said . But the rain also will bring the potential for hail and high winds in the Northeast on Thursday , Friday and Saturday , Myers said . Elsewhere in the country , a wacky weather pattern will bring rain and possible flash flooding to the South and Southwest , forecasters said . Flood watches are posted in Texas , New Mexico , Colorado and Arizona , and the rainfall will bring temperatures 20 degrees below average , CNN meteorologists said . The wetness will bring relief to drought-wracked Texas , but flooding is a concern this entire week , Myers said . "  There 's a potential for heavy downpours in dry washes , " Myers said . Meanwhile , "  monsoonal moisture will increase across the southern High Plains , with flash flooding possible , " the National Weather Service said . "  The rain and extensive cloud cover will also keep temperatures across the region quite cool for this time of the year , with some areas over 20 degrees below their average July temperatures " in parts of West Texas , Arizona and New Mexico . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : New York could set a record for power usage this week NEW : "  We 've basically got all hands on deck , " Con Ed executive says NEW : 7,600 customers in New York lost electricity , but it has been restored "  Monsoonal moisture " will dampen West Texas and parts of Arizona and New Mexico
CNN  -- A shootout in a border city that leaves five alleged drug traffickers sprawled dead on the street and seven police wounded . A police chief and his bodyguards gunned down outside his house in another border city . Four bridges into the United States shut down by protesters who want the military out of their towns and who officials say are backed by narcotraffickers . Mexican police carry a body after a clash with gangs that left 21 dead in the state of Chihuahua on February 10 . That was Mexico on Tuesday . What is most remarkable is that it was not much different from Monday or Sunday or any day in the past few years . Mexico , a country with a nearly 2,000-mile border with the United States , is undergoing a horrifying wave of violence that some are likening to a civil war . Drug traffickers battle fiercely with each other and Mexican authorities . The homicide rate reached a record level in 2008 and indications are that the carnage could be exceeded this year . Watch a reporter duck to avoid gunfire " Every day , newspapers and the airwaves are filled with stories and images of beheadings and other gruesome killings . Wednesday 's front page on Mexico City 's La Prensa carried a large banner headline that simply said "  Hysteria ! " The entire page was devoted to photos of bloody bodies and grim-faced soldiers . One photo shows a man with two young children walking across a street with an army vehicle in the background , with a soldier standing at a turret machine gun . Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , calls it "  a sickening vertigo into chaos and plunder . " By most accounts , that 's not hyperbole . "  The grisly portrait of the violence is unprecedented and horrific , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . "  I do n't think there 's any question that Mexico is going through a very rough time . Not only is there violence with the gangs , but the entire population is very scared , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center . Speaking on a news show a few weeks ago , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich called it a civil war . Birns agrees . "  Of course it 's a civil war , but that only touches the violence of it , " he said Wednesday . "  It 's also a civic conflict , as an increasing number of people look upon the law and democratic values as something that can be violated . " Hakim is not prepared to go that far . "  One has to be careful and not overdo it , " he said . "  Mexico is a long way from being a failed state . Mexico has real institutions . It paves roads and collects the garbage . It holds regular elections . " Enrique Bravo , an analyst with the Eurasia consulting group , points out that the violence so far is mostly affecting just drug gangs and is primarily localized along the U.S. border and Mexico 's western coast . The violence along the border is particularly worrisome , analysts say . "  The spillover into the United States is bound to expand and bound to affect U.S. institutions , " Birns said . Pastor and Hakim note that the United States helps fuel the violence , not only by providing a ready market for illegal drugs , but also by supplying the vast majority of weapons used by drug gangs . Pastor says there are at least 6,600 U.S. gun shops within 100 miles of the Mexican border and more than 90 percent of weapons in Mexico come from the United States . And it 's not just handguns . Drug traffickers used a bazooka in Tuesday 's shootout with federal police and army soldiers in Reynosa , Mexico , across the border from McAllen , Texas . "  The drug gangs are better equipped than the army , " Hakim said . Pervasive corruption among public officials is central to the drug cartels ' success . "  There is so much money involved in the drug trade , there is so much fear involved in the drug trade , that no institution can survive unaffected , " Birns said . "  This has really revealed just how corrupt Mexican officeholders are , " Hakim said . In one recent instance , Noe Ramirez Mandujano , who was the nation 's top anti-drug official from 2006 until August 2008 , was arrested on charges that he accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers while in office . Such dire problems call for a new way of looking at the situation , some say . "  The unthinkable is happening , " Birns said . "  People are beginning to discuss decriminalization and legalization . ... There 's only one thing that can be done : Take the profit out of it . " Pastor calls the problem in Mexico "  even worse than Chicago during the Prohibition era " and said a solution similar to what ended that violence is needed now . "  What worked in the U.S. was not Eliot Ness , " he said , referring to the federal agent famous for fighting gangsters in 1920s and '30s . "  It was the repeal of Prohibition . " That viewpoint has picked up some high-level support in Latin America . Last week , the former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy on the war on drugs at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference , in which the 17-member commission 's recommendations were presented . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has taken the war on drugs to the cartels and some say it 's not working . "  It 's as if the burden of being the main arena of the anti-drug war has overwhelmed Mexican institutions , " Birns said . "  The occasional anti-drug battle is being won , but the war is being lost . And there 's no prospect the war is going to be won . " In the meantime , the killings will continue at a record pace . On Wednesday , the Mexican cities of Torreon and Gomez Palacio reported at least eight shootouts involving heavily armed men . The toll : seven dead , seven wounded .	Drug-related conflicts bring waves of violence , death that some liken to a civil war U.S. helps fuel violence with market for illegal drugs , weapons supply for drug gangs "  The drug gangs are better equipped than the army , " expert says Pervasive corruption among public officials also at center of drug cartels ' success
OPRAH.com  -- Lust , love and like . A healthful , happy love relationship serves up three out of three . A healthful , happy love relationship is a passionate best friendship . Modern women could learn a few things about love and seduction from Scheherazade . Many women think men only care about the lust angle -- finding a hot bod for hot sex . Unfortunately , there are many men who do only care about this . In my book "  Prince Harming Syndrome , " I explain how relationships that are too focused on sex wind up being what my favorite philosopher buddy Aristotle called a relationship of pleasure -- where you find a sex-mate or a relationship of utility -- where you find an ego-mate or wallet-mate . However , a healthful , happy love relationship is what Aristotle calls a relationship of shared virtue -- when you find a soul mate . Where you each get one another at your core , inspire and support each other to grow into your best possible selves . A relationship of shared virtue is where you feel the whole triumvirate : lust , love and like . Meaning ? If you want to fully seduce a man , then you 've got to know how to grab a man by more than his you-know-what . You must truly turn on a man 's soul ! Oprah.com : 5 things that make you sexy If you sleep with a man before you feel safe knowing you connect on a soul-to-soul level , the relationship might start off hot -- but like steam into air , it will rise quickly then -- pfffft -- vanish into vapor . Or worse , you 'll wind up getting burnt . This is so important to prioritize , that I 'm repeating this reminder in bold italic letters : If you ca n't stimulate a man in more areas than from the waist down , you will only be attracting a relationship of pleasure or a relationship of utility . And this man will not remain your man for long . One of my favorite quotes about love comes from the book "  The Little Prince " : "  It 's only with the heart that one can see rightly ; what 's most important is invisible to the eye . " I love that the Little Prince recognized that the heart  another metaphysical word for soul  is the best lens for love -- making this Little Prince a major Prince Charming . Seduction Tip 1  in bold italics so you recognize it is crucial to remember  : If you want to be a man 's Princess Charming , you MUST do more than work on tightening your buns or boosting up your boobs ! You MUST tap into what I call "  The Scheherazade Effect . " Oprah.com : What to do before you can find love Remember the tale of Scheherazade and her 1,001 nights ? Scheherazade was absolutely a Princess Charming who knew how to grab and stimulate her king 's soul . Voilà ! The CliffsNotes on Scheherazade : There once was a king who got very bored with the women in his life very quickly . He would marry a new virgin , "  shtup " her , then send her pretty self away pretty much immediately ... to be beheaded . Talk about a bad breakup , huh ? And talk about a King Harming , huh ? Anyway , this king killed thousands of women by the time he finally met the enchantingly different Scheherazade . What made Scheherazade enchantingly different ? Scheherazade loved to read books and had lots of fascinating ideas and interests to share . Wisely educated in morality and kindness , she had a passion for poetry , philosophy , sciences and arts . She kept the king on the edge of his bed -- not with mere alluring sexual positions -- but with alluring stories to be told , each more exciting than the next . And so the king kept Scheherazade alive -- eagerly anticipating each new tale -- until , lo and behold , 1,001 adventurous nights passed -- along with three sons -- and the king not only learned to love Scheherazade , but he made her his queen . Talk about living happily ever after , huh ? The lesson learned ? It 's very seductive to a man when you , as a full-bodied and full souled woman , have passions in your life you can share to keep him inspired , titillated , growing and thriving . Seduction Tip 2  again in bold italics so you recognize it is crucial to remember  : The more passions you have in your life , the more passion your man will have for you ! Oprah.com : 4 steps to finding your passion My friend David told me he fell in love with his wonderful wife of 13 years because he adored her "  world lens " -- all the interesting perspectives she shared about life , all her passionate insights and enthusiastic talents . David 's idea of love is being turned on by how his paramour looked at the world , instead of simply focusing on how she looked to the world . Which is why David is a 3-D Prince Charming who 's found his Scheherazade . Unfortunately , I believe too many women feel that the best way to catch a guy is with the bait of their  to word it politely  "  vajayjay . " But if that is the main lure for love , then why are n't little "  vajayjay icons " found on Valentine 's Day cards ? I 'm kidding -- but I am serious ! If you sleep with a man too soon , you risk being dizzied by an "  oxytocin high , " and you will not know until you 're already emotionally entrenched if the two of you have a true soul-nurturing connection . Plus , even in this modern world , you also risk the man respecting you less if you give sex away too quickly . It 's timeless psychology . The harder you are to win , the bigger your estimated prize value . Many men do not want to belong to a club that has touched their members too quickly . It 's the ol' Dr. Ejaculate/Mr . Hide Syndrome . As soon as the man comes , he 'll want to go . Seduction Tip 3  back to bold italics one last time for good measure  : If you ever wan na hear "  I do , " you have to start off saying a lot of sexual "  I do n'ts . " For this reason , I recommend to the women I coach that they do not drink alcohol on dates . Staying alcohol-free will help ensure you clearly "  hear " who a guy is , not simply "  see " who he is . You do n't want to be hypnotized by superficial qualities , like his looks and wealth . Plus , being alcohol-free will help make sure you do n't move too swiftly forward physically  a.k.a. it will ensure you keep your vajayjay in your skirt !  . Meaning ? My overall big seduction tip for luring in healthful , happy relationship is to STOP trying to be seductive ! If you focus too much on seducing a man with your body and beauty , you will only be luring in a man with your body and beauty . If you want to wisely be in a lust , love and like relationship of shared virtue , it 's far more important that you excite a man 's soul . Oprah.com : How to get lucky in love and life Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Scheherazade kept her head on her shoulders by keeping her king interested Her 1001 stories seduced his mind and soul Relying on physical seduction often leads to heartbreak than happiness Expert : If women want to hear "  I do " they need to say "  I do n't " many times
CNN  -- It 's doubtful there 's ever a perfect time or place to end a marriage , but for Dean McDermott , that time and place was in a Palm Springs , California , hotel room after playing a round of golf . Mary Jo Eustace said she 's been able to take her 2006 divorce from Dean McDermott and turn it into a positive . The actor told his then-wife , Mary Jo Eustace , that he 'd been having an affair with Tori Spelling and that he 'd found his soul mate , Eustace recalled Tuesday on HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show . " " -LSB- He said -RSB- , ` I 'm leaving you -- she loves me unconditionally , ' " Eustace said . Eustace replied that "  you 've known her -LSB- for -RSB- three weeks . I actually thought it was a joke . I thought I was being punked . But it was true , " she told Behar . Eustace offers life lessons she learned from the 2006 split with McDermott in her book "  Divorce Sucks : What to Do When Irreconcilable Differences , Lawyers Fees , and Your Ex Husband 's Hollywood Wife Makes You Miserable , " which arrived in bookstores Monday . Watch Eustace describe her shock " Donald Trump 's ex-wife Marla Maples ; Dina Matos , ex-wife of former New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey ; and Lance Armstrong 's ex , Kristen , also appeared on Behar 's show to break down what happens during and after very public breakups . When Eustace found out her 13-year marriage was ending , she said she was "  in a really ugly bikini -- missing like padding on one side , holding my daughter in my arms , " but at least the bomb was n't dropped in front of news cameras . Matos was standing right next to her husband when he admitted at a press conference that he 'd had an affair with another man . "  I was in shock because I had only learned three days before that he had been involved in a relationship , " Matos recalled on Tuesday 's show . "  I was there in the moment . I was there physically but mentally , you know ; I was just trying to maintain my composure and not fall apart in front of the cameras . " When a marriage ends , "  you think this is the end of your life as you know it , " Matos said . "  And in some ways it is . You feel powerless . " Especially once the media picks up on the crumbling matrimony . "  The first week that my divorce was announced ... I saw a picture of my ex-husband with his new wife 's legs wrapped around his head , " Eustace said . "  You 're in complete survival mode . " Although Lance Armstrong 's post-marriage flame , Sheryl Crow , was n't the reason his five-year marriage to Kristen ended , she told Behar it was still difficult to watch . And yet the hardest part for Kristen Armstrong was disliking her former husband 's new love . "  I really wanted to dislike her , " Armstrong said . "  I really did . -LSB- But -RSB- she 's beautiful . She 's smart . She 's funny . She was great with the kids . For as much as I wanted to dislike her and I tried , I could n't . " Matos said it 's different when your husband leaves for another man . "  When your husband leaves you for another woman , at some point you know there was love in the marriage , and you had something , " she said on Tuesday 's show . "  But when your husband is not the person that you think he is , you know , he 's an impostor -- then you start questioning every aspect of your life together . What was real ? Did he ever love me ? Why did he marry me ? Later I found out why , " she said . After McGreevey announced his affair , Matos said she found papers that appeared to be the outline for a book that said McGreevey married her "  for political gain , " she said . "  He married me because he wanted to become governor and perhaps president . That 's very painful . " All of the ex-wives said they 've been able to use their divorces as a time to grow . "  You feel dehumanized , horrible , " Eustace said of divorce . "  With lawyers and fighting and feeling unloved and unlovable , and the media thrown into it , you really have to take care of yourself and to take care of your kids , " she said . "  It really can be life-affirming ... a wonderful second opportunity in your life . It can be actually , I think , very positive . "	Joy Behar invited women who went through public divorces onto her HLN show Mary Jo Eustace talked about how hard it was to watch Dean McDermott move on Lance Armstrong 's ex-wife , Kristen , said she could n't hate her husband 's new love Dina Matos said ex-New Jersey Gov. Jim McGreevey married her for political gain
CNN  -- Singapore 's National Council on Problem Gambling  NCPG  has been forced to revise a World Cup-themed ad campaign after it appeared to score an own goal with its latest message . The ad , which was on seen on TV and on local buses , featured a crestfallen boy named Andy expressing his hope that Germany would win football 's biggest tournament after his father placed all his savings on that result -- which of course , they did . The jokes started to spill out across the world following Germany 's remarkable 7-1 victory over hosts Brazil in the semifinal . "  Cheer up kid , your dad bet on Germany ! He 's so rich , you do n't even need to go to college any more ! " quipped Jimmy Fallon , host of "  The Tonight Show . " Reply But the quick-thinking NCPG has used the attention -- including from U.S. late night talk show hosts -- to counter with another advertisement , this time highlighting the ongoing nature of problem gambling . The followup ad has one of Andy 's friends asking , "  Your dad 's team won . Did you get your savings back ? " to which Andy replies , "  No , dad never stops ... he wants to bet one more time . " The plaintive conversation is followed up with the line , "  Often , the people who suffer from problem gambling are n't the gamblers . " Prior to the rejig , the NCPG defended the campaign : "  At the end of the day , win or lose , the dangers of problem gambling , and the potential anxiety and pain that loved ones go through remain unchanged , " a statement read . The organization did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Singapore has somewhat of a love-hate relationship with betting . Problem gambling is an issue in Singapore , as are the related debts owed to loan sharks . Some of the city-state 's more unscrupulous citizens are often implicated with global match-fixing scandals , and Singapore has led crackdowns on ringleaders , including Dan Tan , a Singaporean who is currently being held in indefinite detention . In addition , 15 people were arrested last month for allegedly receiving illegal football bets equivalent to US$ 640,000 , police said . However , despite the societal impact that gambling has , Singapore revised its laws in 2006 to liberalize gaming in the city , a move that has brought international operators to Singapore and made it one Asia 's casino hubs . The NCPG campaign -- now updated to reflect the father 's voracious gambling habits -- will run until July 23 . World 's hottest new cocktail city : Singapore	Original ad campaign , which inadvertently predicted Germany win , provokes worldwide mocking Updated poster shows ongoing nature of problem gambling New legislation in 2006 liberalized the Asian city 's gaming laws
CNN  -- Tuesday 's space debris incident at the International Space Station was the "  closest anything has come to the space station , " NASA said Wednesday . Final calculations showed the unknown object passed the space station 1,100 feet away and its source remains a mystery , according to Kelly Humphries , a spokesman at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas . When the unexpected space debris came flying close to the space station Tuesday , it prompted the station 's six astronauts to take shelter inside two Soyuz capsules , NASA said . NASA does not expect any other close calls with this particular debris , said Humphries . Russia 's Interfax news agency said preliminary data on "  the dangerous approach " shows that the "  trash " came within about 250 meters  820 feet  of the station . Officials at NASA are investigating what the debris was , NASA spokesman Joshua Buck said . By the time it was spotted , it was "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " so NASA ordered the six crew members to "  shelter in place , " Buck said . About 7:30 a.m. ET , the crew members climbed into the two Soyuz capsules positioned at the station . NASA determined that the debris would come closest to the station at 8:08 a.m. ET . Three minutes later , at 8:11 a.m. ET , the all-clear was sounded and astronauts were allowed to exit the capsules , Buck said . Buck described the debris as an "  unknown object of unknown size . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report	NEW : The debris comes within 1,100 feet of the space station , NASA said NEW : The source of the object remains a mystery Russia 's Interfax news agency said the "  trash " came within 820 feet The debris was spotted "  too late to make an avoidance maneuver , " NASA said
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- NATO-led troops killed 12 insurgents in a firefight Friday in Afghanistan , and a civilian caught in the crossfire was apparently killed by militants , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . U.S. Marines fire 120mm mortars on Taliban positions on April 3 in Now Zad in Helmand province , Afghanistan . The incident occurred south of Kabul in the eastern Afghan province of Logar , when Afghan security forces and ISAF troops were conducting an operation . It comes as NATO members meet in Europe to discuss the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and as human rights groups this week urged NATO and the U.S. military to avoid civilian casualties and develop a well-coordinated condolence payment system for civilians victimized in the war . Troops saw a large group of insurgents placing a roadside bomb . The militants retreated to a compound and attacked ISAF troops with small arms . Troops surrounded the compound and urged them to surrender peacefully after it was cordoned off . It also asked the people in the compound to release women and children but no civilians left . Troops assaulted the compound and 12 male insurgents were killed in gunfire . Troops found one woman who was killed in the crossfire by insurgent small arms fire , ISAF said . An investigation is being conducted by Afghan National Security Forces at the site . Initial indications show that the woman was killed by insurgent small arms fire . Eight AK47 rifles , two rocket propelled grenade launchers , several rocket canisters , 82mm mortars , and two heavy machine guns were found in the compound . "  ANSF and ISAF are making significant progress against insurgent groups in Logar province who are involved in murdering civilians with IEDs , " said Brig. Gen. Richard Blanchette , ISAF spokesman . "  Today 's firefight illustrates the difference between ISAF troops who risk their lives to protect civilians , and insurgents who deliberately and tragically place civilians at risk . " Also , ISAF reported the death of a soldier from the NATO-led force Friday in eastern Afghanistan . The soldier died of wounds and another was injured after what was described as a "  hostile incident . " "  On behalf of the men and women of the International Security Assistance Force , I offer our heartfelt condolences to the loved ones of the brave soldier killed , and our support to the soldier wounded in this incident , " Blanchette said . "  As we recognize their sacrifice in our battle against a vicious insurgency , we will continue supporting the Afghan National Security Forces so that the Afghan people reap the tangible benefits of peace in their day-to-day lives . " Overnight in the southern Afghan province of Helmand , troops killed four militants in an operation targeting a mid-level Taliban commander responsible for attacks against Afghan civilians and coalition forces . The commander directed attacks in December in Musa Qala , including one that killed 12 Afghan civilians .	Afghan forces investigating death of woman caught in crossfire of gunbattle NATO says 12 militants also died in the battle in Logar province NATO said initial indications are the woman was killed by militants
CNN  -- A New Jersey man is facing several drug charges after he mistakenly texted a police officer to set up a drug sale , police said Tuesday in a news release . According to the Township of Sparta Police Department , Nicholas Delear Jr. sent a text last week boasting about marijuana he had for sale to a number that just happened to belong to the 10-year-old son of Lt. Eric Danielson . Danielson , who works for the nearby Andover Township Police Department in the northwestern part of the sate , stepped in and began texting Delear to set up a sting , according to police . "  I read the text message , and I was intrigued , " Danielson said . "  So we attempted to pretend to be who he thought he was texting . " The exchange occurred on Friday , police said . Delear arrived at a pizzeria later that evening where Danielson had arranged to meet him in their texts , police said . Soon afterward , Delear was swarmed by police and placed under arrest , they said . Police said they found more than 4 ounces of marijuana on Delear , a digital pocket scale and $ 620 in cash . Delear , who is 33 and resides in Sussex , New Jersey , is facing numerous charges , according to the Sparta police : -- Possession with intent to distribute marijuana . -- Possession of drug paraphernalia . -- Possession of a controlled dangerous substance in a motor vehicle . -- Several motor vehicle infractions . He was released Saturday on his own recognizance and is due in court later this month . The Sparta Police Facebook page has a picture of the money and the drugs officials said came from the sting .	Lt. Eric Danielson said a very interesting text came to his 10-year-old son last week The text was about a possible marijuana deal , Danielson said Danielson said he played along with the mistake and set up a sting Nicholas Delear Jr. , 33 , of Sussex , New Jersey , faces several drug-related charges
CNN  -- If you 've spent any time on Facebook in the past day or so , you may be wondering : What 's up with all the giraffes ? Are they suddenly endangered ? Is the circus in town ? Is Toys R Us having a sale ? No , no and no .  Although depending on where you live , the circus may actually be in town .  Photos of the spindly , long-necked animals are the byproduct of a meme that 's been sweeping the social network in recent days . The meme invites users to share a riddle with their friends , who then are supposed to send a private message with the answer  do n't post it in the comments , obviously  . Any user who guesses wrong must agree to change his or her profile photo with one of a giraffe . Why a giraffe ? It 's not clear . CNN iReport : Who is talking on Facebook about giraffes ? The riddle goes like this : 3:00 am , the doorbell rings and you wake up . Unexpected visitors . It 's your parents and they are there for breakfast . You have strawberry jam , honey , wine , bread and cheese . What is the first thing you open ? Spoiler alert : The answer is at the bottom of this story . Most users agree there are two acceptable answers , although given that Facebook is an unruly community of 1.2 billion people , there 's some debate over that . Judging by some comments on Facebook , some users are growing tired of the giraffe riddle . Others are making jokes . "  If anyone shows up at my house at 3 am they had better get a hotel because I 'm not answering the door , " wrote one commenter on CNN 's Facebook page . Said another , "  I got it right , but the giraffe pic cracked me up so I made it my profile pic . " Then there was this commenter on the Chicago Tribune 's Facebook page : "  Truth be told ... upon realizing it was your parents you 'd probably open the wine first . " The answers : "  The door " and "  your eyes . "	A new Facebook meme asks users to answer a riddle If you get it wrong , you 're supposed to replace your profile pic with a photo of a giraffe Most users agree there are two acceptable answers
CNN  -- The Justice Department will never prosecute journalists for doing their jobs , and recent probes into national security leaks targeted government officials , not reporters , Attorney General Eric Holder said in remarks to a Senate committee Thursday . Holder , amid a cloud of controversy for investigations in recent years involving The Associated Press and Fox News , said he has launched a review of existing Justice Department guidelines on investigations involving the press , and he is meeting with journalists to discuss those guidelines . "  The department goal in investigating leak cases is to identify and prosecute government officials who jeopardize government secrets , " Holder told the Senate Appropriations Committee during a wide-ranging budget hearing that included questions about the federal prison system , drone strikes and the closing of the prison at Guantanamo Bay . He added that as long as he is at the Justice helm , he will never prosecute a reporter for doing her or his job . After Holder 's testimony , the House Judiciary Committee asked him in writing to appear this month to explain testimony he gave May 15 concerning the Fox News case , in which a reporter was labeled a criminal co-conspirator during a leak investigation . Switching directions during his allotted time to speak Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , raised questions about this week 's report that the National Security Agency and FBI were monitoring Americans ' phone records . He asked specifically whether Holder could assure him that no member of Congress had been monitored , as it might give the executive branch leverage over the legislative branch . Holder responded that it was n't an appropriate venue to answer the question , to which Kirk said the appropriate answer was , "  No , we stayed in our lane , and I assure you we did not spy on members of Congress . " "  There has been no intention to spy on members of Congress and members of the Supreme Court , " Holder said . Sen. Barbara Mikulski , chairwoman of the committee , interrupted the back-and-forth to say that the matter deserved a briefing before the entire Senate , and involving the NSA and Holder . Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , the ranking GOP member of the committee , opened his remarks by saying the Justice Department was "  mired in a controversy of late " that raised questions about the Justice Department 's "  adherence to the rule of law " and Holder 's ability to lead . He further said Americans deserved an attorney general "  not distracted by controversies of his own making . " Holder emphasized he was "  fully engaged " in efforts to resolve these problems and evaluates his own performance on a daily basis . "  I have not done a perfect job . I think I 've done a good job , but I think I could do better , " he said , adding that his meetings with journalists are aimed at formulating new policies and regulations "  and hopefully get that behind us . " Responding to Shelby 's query about whether there would be a tipping point at which Holder might need to step down , Holder -- who has suggested he might not serve for President Barack Obama 's entire second term -- said he had more goals to accomplish before he sat down with Obama to discuss a transition . "  The tipping point might be fatigue , " Holder told Shelby . "  You get to a point where you just get tired . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein did not continue the line of questioning regarding the leaks but defended Holder and lamented that the hearing was used to berate him . "  I believe in your integrity , " she said . "  I believe you 're a good attorney general . I believe you 've had undue problems that are hard to anticipate . I believe you 're responding as best you possibly could . " Holder is under fire for two instances , in particular . The first involves his Justice Department obtaining two months of phone records from The Associated Press as part of an investigation into the news agency 's May 2012 coverage of a foiled airline bomb plot in Yemen . The second case involves Justice obtaining the phone records , e-mails and security badge information of Fox News ' James Rosen , who reported on classified intelligence about North Korea in 2009 . No reporters were singled out as potential criminals in the AP case , but in the Fox case , an FBI agent said Rosen might be an "  aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator " to disclosing secret information . The Rosen case has been of most interest to Holder 's critics because of a May 15 remark he made to Congress about the leaks . "  With regard to the potential prosecution of the press for the disclosure of material , that is not something that I 've ever been involved in or heard of or would think would be a wise policy , " Holder said . Republican Rep. Darrell Issa called Holder 's statement "  a lie , by most people 's standards , " and the GOP-controlled House Judiciary Committee is investigating whether the attorney general lied under oath . Holder wrote Sens. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , and James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , of the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday , saying -- as he did before the Senate Appropriations Committee on Thursday -- that he was reviewing his department 's guidelines regarding investigations involving the media . "  As part of this review , I have hosted a series of productive meetings with representatives of news organizations and other interested parties in order to solicit their valuable input , " Holder wrote . "  I welcome your contributions to this process and hope that both of you will join the Deputy Attorney General and me when we schedule meetings with interested members of Congress . " Read Holder 's letter  PDF Goodlatte replied in a letter signed by every GOP member of the House committee -- but no Democrats -- that none of Holder 's statements so far , nor those of his subordinates , "  constitutes a satisfactory on-the-record response . " Goodlatte asked Holder to appear before the committee June 18 or , if that is n't feasible , to pick a date between then and June 28 , Goodlatte told Holder . Referring to Holder 's May 15 testimony , the letter said , "  This statement left members of the Committee and the American people with the clear understanding that the Department had never taken the unprecedented step of characterizing a member of the media as a criminal co-conspirator in a sworn court document . " Read Goodlatte 's letter  PDF The White House and Justice Department have both issued statements saying Rosen was never prosecuted , so any assertion that Holder lied is wrong . The Justice Department has also said that Holder recused himself from the AP probe because he had been interviewed about the leak during the investigation , but Republicans say the statement was missing a key piece of information : When did he recuse himself ? After hearing concerns that the Justice Department 's investigations had put reporters at a legal risk for simply doing their jobs , Holder sat down with various news executives last week . He is continuing those meetings this week . "  We expressed our concerns that reporters felt some fear for doing their jobs , that they were concerned about using their e-mail , using their office telephone and that we need to have the freedom to do their job , " Washington Post Executive Editor Martin Baron said after the meeting . Holder told NBC News on Wednesday that he would not step down amid criticism over security leaks investigations .	NEW : Judiciary Committee asks Holder to appear to explain Fox News statements GOP senator suggests Holder "  distracted by controversies of his own making " GOP levels allegations of perjury after Holder 's statements in May regarding probes Justice will never prosecute reporter for doing job while he is at helm , he says
CNN  -- Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday 's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One 's top driver , Jenson Button , qualified fifth . Hamilton will be looking to end a disappointing year for McLaren with victory in the season finale at the new Yas Marina circuit , but even with a win can do no better than hold onto his fifth overall placing in F1 's first day-night event . The 24-year-old will start a race from the front of the grid for the 17th time in his career , and the fourth in the last seven races , after setting the fastest time in all three sessions . He clocked a best lap of one minute 40.948 seconds as the sun set on Saturday evening to head off the Red Bull duo of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber . Vettel , whose bid to prevent Button clinching the world title ended last time out in Brazil , timed 1:41.615 while Webber recorded 1:41.726 . "  The car is the best it has been all year . It was a smooth lap , and it just kept getting better and better , " Hamilton told reporters . "  The place is just stunning . They all said it would be a great event , but it 's mind-blowing . It 's a great place to come to , a great country . The weather has been great and the people are so respectful and so welcoming . I hope we can put on a great show tomorrow . " Button 's bid to ensure the first all-British front row since 1995 came to nothing as he was out-qualified by teammate Rubens Barrichello for the 10th time this season . The Brazilian is expected to be making his final race outing for world champions Brawn , who are expected to sign Nico Rosberg from Williams . The German , who announced during the week that he will be leaving the British team , qualified ninth as Toyota 's Jarno Trulli and BMW Sauber duo Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld took sixth , seventh and eighth places . Kimi Raikkonen , who will be making his final race appearance for Ferrari , finished outside the top-10 for only the third time this season , and will start in 11th behind Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi . Heikki Kovalainen 's chances of keeping his drive with McLaren took a blow as he finished 15th after suffering gearbox problems . The Finn , fastest in Friday 's practice sessions , was just ahead of two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , who along with Renault teammate Romain Grosjean failed to make it beyond the opening 20-minute session . Alonso , at least , can look forward to joining Ferrari as Raikkonen 's replacement , but Frenchman Grosjean faces an uncertain future as he has failed to take his chance since taking over from the sacked Nelson Piquet Jr. . Former world champions Ferrari will prop up the grid as veteran Giancarlo Fisichella again struggled ahead of what could be the final race of his career as he will be the team 's reserve driver next year when the injured Felipe Massa returns .	Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix His successor Jenson Button qualifies fifth behind Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello Red Bull duo Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber second and third for F1 's first day-night race Button has an unassailable lead going into the final race of the 2009 season
President Barack Obama is n't ceding ground on his most controversial policies despite an election that delivered a stinging rebuke to him and his party on Capitol Hill . During a roughly 90-minute press conference Wednesday , Obama gave no sign that he 'd accept major revisions to his signature health care law , change his mind on bypassing Congress on immigration or consent to Republican demands on energy and the environment . Indeed , the President did n't do much to suggest that his White House would work differently after Republicans won at least 52 seats in the Senate and their biggest majority in the House since World War II . While Obama made clear he had no desire to reshape his agenda , he did acknowledge that voters dealt his party a dramatic defeat on Tuesday . "  To those of you who voted , I hear you , " Obama said in his first public remarks since the election . To those who did n't vote , "  I hear you too . " Obama avoided language like "  shellacking , " which he used to describe losses Democrats experienced in 2010 . The closest he got to accepting blame for the campaign came when he said every election result offers a "  moment for reflection . " "  There is no doubt the Republicans had a good night , " Obama said . The success of Obama 's final years in office could rely on Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell , who is in line to become the next Senate majority leader . The two men have had an antagonistic relationship -- McConnell once vowed to make Obama a one-term president -- but have occasionally found common ground . McConnell worked closely with the administration , though mostly through Vice President Joe Biden , to broker a deal in 2012 to avert the so-called fiscal cliff . Obama reached out to McConnell on Wednesday and sounded an optimistic tone during the press conference . "  You know , actually , I would enjoy having some Kentucky bourbon with Mitch McConnell , " Obama said . WATCH : GOP 's big night in 90 seconds Still , the distance between Obama and McConnell quickly became clear . They both identified tax reform as a potential area of compromise . But Obama described that effort by encouraging lawmakers to lower tax rates by closing loopholes -- a strategy McConnell and other Republicans have rejected for years . During a press conference in Kentucky , McConnell urged Obama to follow Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , who built domestic legacies despite often having to deal with a Congress controlled by opposing parties . McConnell said those two presidents are "  good examples of accepting the government you have rather than fantasizing about the government you wished you had . " "  The president has really got a choice , " he said . "  There certainly are going to be areas of disagreement . " It will take time to see whether McConnell has running room from conservatives within his party who may prefer a strategy of confrontation . Obama , meanwhile , must consider how he can safeguard his own political legacy of health care reform , a Wall Street overhaul and an uneven economic recovery . But Obama insisted that the bitter polarization that has plagued his crisis-scarred presidency and turned his hair gray does n't get him down . "  It does n't make me mopey , " he said . "  It energizes me , because it means that this democracy 's working . "	Obama spoke for the first time since the election GOP will hold at least 52 Senate seats , according to CNN projections
CNN  -- A tense thriller and a family-friendly sequel bumped "  Guardians of the Galaxy " from the top of the weekend 's box office . "  No Good Deed , " starring Idris Elba and Taraji P. Henson , stormed to victory in its opening weekend , grossing an estimated $ 24.5 million at domestic theaters . That 's nearly twice what the thriller cost to make . Elba plays an escaped murderer who arrives at Henson 's doorstep while her husband 's away and she 's taking care of her small children . A psychological and physical faceoff ensues in the first big-screen pairing of these two well-established actors . "  Dolphin Tale 2 , " which also debuted over the weekend , continued this year 's trend of family-oriented sequels failing to perform as well as their predecessors . The latest "  Dolphin " installment opened in second place with an estimated $ 16.6 million -- more than 13 % off the first film 's opening in 2011 . Harry Connick Jr. , Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman all returned for the second helping of feel-good fare . Meanwhile , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " arrived in third place with an estimated $ 8 million . The latest Marvel movie has led the box office four of the past six weekends and has crossed $ 300 million on both the domestic and international charts . Down the chart , the comedy "  Let 's Be Cops " continues to be a winner for Fox : Its domestic haul of nearly $ 73 million is more than four times its production budget . And a surprise in moderate release , "  The Drop " made an estimated $ 4.2 million after opening in just 809 theaters over the weekend , giving the drama starring Tom Hardy and the late James Gandolfini the highest per-screen average in the top 10 except for "  No Good Deed . " Domestic weekend box office estimates are from Exhibitor Relations Co.  final numbers available Monday afternoon  : 1 . "  No Good Deed " -- $ 24.5 million  debut 2 . "  Dolphin Tale 2 " -- $ 16.5 million  debut 3 . "  Guardians of the Galaxy " -- $ 8 million  $ 306 million total 4 . "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " -- $ 4.8 million  $ 181 million total 5 . "  Let 's Be Cops " -- $ 4.3 million  $ 73 million total	"  No Good Deed " opened at No. 1 this weekend It bumped "  Guardians of the Galaxy " from the top spot The Marvel movie landed in third place
You may know where you are and where you 're going to , but do you know why you know that ? The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine has honored three neuroscientists , whose work is helping answer that question . John O'Keefe , along with May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser , discovered cells that form a positioning system in the brain -- our hard-wired GPS . Those cells mark our position , navigate where we 're going and help us remember it all , so that we can repeat our trips , the Nobel Assembly said in a statement . Nobel Prizes : Medical award kicks off week of announcements Alzheimer 's insights Their research could also prove useful in Alzheimer 's research , because of the parts of the brain those cells lie in -- the hippocampus and the entorhinal cortex . Humans and other mammals have two hippocampi , which lie in the inner core of the bottom of the brain and are responsible for memory and orientation . The entorhinal cortices share these functions and connect the hippocampi with the huge neocortex , the bulk of our gray matter . In Alzheimer 's patients , those two brain components break down early on , causing sufferers to get lost more easily . Understanding how the brain 's GPS works may help scientists in the future understand how this disorientation occurs . The research is also important , because it pinpoints "  a cellular basis for higher cognitive function , " the Nobel Assembly said . The scientists conducted their research on rats , but other research on humans indicates that we have these same cells . Nerve cell discoveries O'Keefe , a British neuroscientist who is also an American-born U.S. citizen , made the first discovery in 1971 , when he came upon a nerve cell in the brain of a rat that was set off whenever the rat was in a particular place , the statement said . The scientist called them "  place cells . " In 2005 , the Mosers , Norwegian neuroscientists , discovered yet another component . "  They identified another type of nerve cell , which they called ` grid cells , ' that generate a coordinate system and allow for precise positioning and pathfinding , " the statement read . They also later figured out how place and grid cells work together to make the brain know where it is and where it 's headed . Oversimplified , one could say that the place cells mark point A and point B in the brain , and the grid cells help the brain get from point A to point B . The prize money of 8 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.2 million  took an interesting split . Half went to O'Keefe and half went jointly to the Mosers , who are a couple . It would seem to reflect the half-half nature of their discoveries . Nobel background Monday 's ceremony at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden , will be followed by the announcement of the physics prize Tuesday , the chemistry prize Wednesday and the economics prize on October 13 . The prize for literature will be awarded on a date to be announced later . The Nobel Peace Prize will be awarded Friday . Two Americans and a German shared the Nobel Prize in physiology last year . James E. Rothman and Randy W. Schekman , and German Thomas C. Sudhof were awarded the prize for discoveries of how the body 's cells decide when and where to deliver the molecules they produce . Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel created the prizes in 1895 to honor work in physics , chemistry , literature and peace . The first economics prize was awarded in 1969 .	Prize money took an interesting split : half went to a scientist , half to other 2 jointly Their research could be useful in the study of Alzheimer 's disease Place cells and grid cells make the brain know where it is and where it 's going Research by the three also helps better understand how people orient themselves
CNN  -- Police in New York City are looking for a suspect they say pushed a man to his death from the subway platform into the path of the D train on Sunday . Police have little to go on . Lt. John Grimpel says a male suspect was wearing a dark jacket . The act is "  believed to be random , " he said . Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok , 61 , was killed by the incoming subway train , police said . Kwok 's wife was with him and was taken to the hospital for trauma , police said , though she was not physically injured . Kwok was standing on the platform at the subway station at 167th Street and Grand Concourse , when he was apparently pushed . First responders arrived at about 8:45 a.m. , and Kwok was pronounced dead at the scene . The suspect then fled the station but has not been identified or located , police said . The incident is being investigated as a homicide , but a motive was lacking at the outset . Police would not speculate whether there was an altercation between Kwok and the suspect or whether there are any indications of a hate crime . Sunday evening , police released surveillance video of a person wanted for questioning in connection with the homicide but did not call the person a suspect .	A man dies after being pushed onto the subway tracks at a Bronx station , police say There is a search for the male suspect , but police have few details
CNN  -- American journalist James Foley was beheaded by his ISIS captors to send a message to the Western world . And he is not the only Westerner held by the militant group . The video of his execution , posted to YouTube , shows another U.S. journalist , identified as Steven Sotloff . The ISIS fighter makes it clear the captive 's fate hangs in the balance -- he will be killed , ISIS said , if the United States does not end its military operations in Iraq . Thousands of Syrians and Iraqis have been slain by ISIS militants as the Sunni extremist group seeks to build an Islamic caliphate stretching across a swath of territory . But the execution of Western captives holds greater shock value outside the region 's borders -- and represents a powerful propaganda tool . Alternatively , those hostages , often journalists or aid workers , can be a useful tool if kept alive : either freed for hefty ransoms , used as bargaining chips for the militants ' ends or sold on to other extremist groups . It 's hard to know how many captives there are because governments , employers and families tend to keep kidnappings quiet for fear of putting the victims in greater danger while negotiators work to secure their release . But ISIS is believed to be holding a number of Americans , including Sotloff , a U.S. official told CNN on Wednesday . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , declined to identify them or say exactly how many Americans are being held . Missing journalists The Committee to Protect Journalists estimates that about 20 journalists are missing in Syria -- most of them local , some from outside Syria . It says many of them are believed to be held by ISIS . Among them is American Austin Tice , a freelance journalist who was contributing articles to The Washington Post . Tice disappeared in Syria in August 2012 . There has been no word of or from him since his abduction . More than 80 journalists have been abducted in Syria , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists -- a number the organization says is unprecedented in the three decades since it was founded . Some have been freed , others killed . Often a media blackout on journalists ' abductions is lifted only in best - and worst-case scenarios . It emerged this week that U.S. special operations units were sent into Syria this summer to rescue Foley and other hostages -- but their mission proved unsuccessful . Richard Byrne , a spokesman for the news website GlobalPost , also revealed that ISIS had demanded a ransom of 100 million euros  about $ 132 million  for Foley 's release . The journalist freelanced for GlobalPost and other news organizations . ` They are innocents ' Foley 's mother , Diane , expressed concern for other hostages on the Free James Foley Facebook page . "  We implore the kidnappers to spare the lives of the remaining hostages . Like Jim , they are innocents . They have no control over American government policy in Iraq , Syria or anywhere in the world , " she wrote . Fears for the safety of Westerners held by Islamist militants have also highlighted the different approaches taken by governments when it comes to kidnappings . The UK government has a hard-line policy of never paying ransoms . The U.S. government also does not negotiate with terrorists . At the same time , other European governments in the past are thought to have handed over cash to terror groups to ensure the release of nationals . The United States , as in the case with the thwarted Foley mission , has in the past attempted hostage rescues . Sometimes these can work out , as happened in 2012 when Navy SEALs rescued U.S. aid worker Jessica Buchanan and fellow aid worker Poul Thisted of Denmark after three months ' captivity in Somalia . They had been abducted while traveling there for the Danish Refugee Council . But sometimes such attempts fail . Linda Norgrove , a kidnapped British aid worker , was accidentally killed by a U.S. grenade during a SEAL rescue bid in Afghanistan in 2010 . Tortured , beaten in captivity While negotiations for potential releases continue , little or nothing is made public about the hostages ' plight . But slowly details are emerging of the experiences endured by Foley following his abduction while on a reporting trip in northern Syria in November 2012 . A source who says he was held last year with Foley told CNN 's Bharati Naik that he , Foley and another journalist were held from March to August 2013 in a prison in Aleppo , Syria . At the time , the source -- who spoke on condition of anonymity -- said they were being held by the Nusra Front , a Syrian rebel group with al Qaeda ties . At one point , according to the source , there were nearly 100 people -- including European journalists -- in the prison . The source says Foley and the other journalist , who was not Sotloff , were transferred to an ISIS training camp . Foley and the other journalist , according to the source , were tortured in prison -- mostly beaten . ` Foley had to endure more ' French journalist Nicolas Henin , who was taken hostage in June 2013 with French photographer Pierre Torres , told CNN that he also had been held with Foley in northern Syria before his release this year . "  We spent seven months together out of the 10 months that I was held in captivity . Most of the time our condition was OK -- but at the beginning and end of our time , we were not treated very well , " he said , speaking from Paris . "  Foley especially had to endure more because he was American . He was missing his family and would talk often about them . " Foley said he had been initially kidnapped by jihadists fighting in Syria , Henin told France Info radio . That group eventually became part of the ISIS movement . Henin and Torres were released along with two other French journalists , Didier FranÃ § ois and Edouard Elias , on April 19 . It 's not known what went on behind the scenes to secure their freedom , but French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius insisted that France had not paid a ransom , Radio France Internationale reported at the time . Other Westerners held in Syria also have been released in recent months . Two Spanish journalists held for more than six months in Syria , El Mundo staff correspondent Javier Espinosa and freelance photographer Ricardo Garcia Vilanova , were freed in March . At the time of their capture , El Mundo said the journalists ' captors were reported to be members of a group linked to ISIS . And a Danish photographer , Daniel Rye Ottosen , was freed in June , the Danish Foreign Ministry said , having been held captive in Syria since May 2013 . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Nic Robertson , Barbara Starr and Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	ISIS has other Western hostages , including journalist identified as Steven Sotloff Hostages can be useful bargaining chips or exchanged for ransom payments U.S. and UK governments have policy against paying ransom for hostages Abductions are often kept quiet for fear of jeopardizing efforts to secure victims ' release
In South Korea , the abduction and rape of a 7-year-old girl last week outraged the public and prompted President Lee Myung-Bak to consider various measures including chemical castration to combat child sex crimes , according to local media . Chemical castration involves administering medication -- via injection or tablets -- to take away sexual interest and make it impossible for a person to perform sexual acts . The effects are reversible , after the person stops taking the drug . Lee said this week that all detering measures - including chemical castration - should be considered , according to the Korea Times . After high-profile child rape cases , politicians worldwide tend to pledge a crackdown and harsher punishments for sex offenders , involving chemical castration , said Don Grubin , professor of forensic psychiatry at Newcastle University . "  In a way , I liken it to cutting the hand off the thief , " he said . "  It 's very symbolic . " The use of chemical castration , while effective , remains controversial . While sex offenders may not be the most sympathetic group , critics say forced chemical castration violates human rights . The process of chemical castration has been used in various forms , either forcibly as a sentence or as a way for offenders to reduce their jail time in several countries including Argentina , Australia , Estonia , Israel , Moldova , New Zealand , Poland and Russia . At least nine U.S. states , including California , Florida , Georgia , Iowa , Louisiana , Montana , Oregon , Texas and Wisconsin have versions of chemical castration in their laws . It 's unclear how frequently chemical castration is used in the United States . Earlier this year , Moldova legalized the practice for those convicted for child sex crimes . The practice of forced chemical castration has been called "  inhuman treatment " by Amnesty International . The group released a statement after Moldova 's legalization of the practice , stating that "  any crime shall be punished in a way that abides by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . Clearly , in case of minors raped public opinion tilts towards harsher sentences . "  At first sight , forced chemical castration could be taken as a matter-of-course decision ; however , it is incompatible with human rights , which are the foundation of any civilized democratic society , " according to its March statement . In May , South Korea first used chemical castration on a sex offender who had been convicted of four counts of rape or attempted rape on young girls , according to the country 's Ministry of Justice . A law authorizing this treatment for sex offenders came into effect last year after a public outcry over rapists reoffending following their release . The country could be poised to expand the use to punish those who sexually assault victims as old as 19 . "  It 's clear the drugs work , " Grubin said . "  If you look at men , they do reduce sex drive drastically . They do reduce re-offending in the men . " But they also have side effects , such as osteoporosis , changes in cardiovascular health , blood fat levels , blood pressure and symptoms that mimic women 's menopause . The use is reasonable if the offender agrees to the medication to control their sexual drive , which some do , Grubin said . And it 's ideal to receive the drugs along with psychological help , he added . It becomes problematic when it is used against a person 's will for non-medical reasons , Grubin said . He wrote in a 2010 editorial in the British medical journal BMJ , "  Although castration is ostensibly for public protection , it also carries with it a sense of symbolic retribution . " Physical castration has also been used for sex offenders . In 2009 , the Council of Europe 's Anti-Torture Committee criticized the Czech Republic for its practice of surgically castrating convicted sex offenders . The committee described the practice as "  invasive , irreversible and mutilating . " Physical castration removes the testicles . This year , the same committee asked Germany to stop offering sex offenders the option of surgical castration . The procedure is not mandatory and remains very rare in Germany .	Chemical castration involves using drugs to take away sexual interest Mandatory chemical castration remains controversial South Korea could expand the practice after high profile child rape case
CNN  -- A Sudanese rebel commander , accused of being involved in the 2007 deaths of a dozen peacekeepers in Darfur , voluntarily arrived in the Netherlands Sunday for an International Criminal Court hearing at the Hague this week , officials said . Sudanese rebel commander Bahar Idriss Abu Garda was summoned to appear before the ICC . Bahr Idriss Abu Garda , of the Zaghawa tribe of Sudan , is charged with three war crimes allegedly committed on September 29 , 2007 , when 1000 rebel-led soldiers surrounded and stormed an African Union peacekeeping base in Haskanita , in North Darfur , the international court said . Twelve peacekeepers were killed and eight were wounded in the overnight attack , the deadliest single attack on AU peacekeepers since they began their mission in late 2004 . Abu Garda , who faces charges of murder , directing attacks on peacekeepers and pillaging , was summoned to appear at the pretrial hearing at 3 p.m. Monday . The court confirmed Abu Garda voluntarily arrived at the Hague Sunday afternoon on a commercial plane , and that no arrest warrant was necessary . The court has put a gag order on Abu Garda to prevent him from speaking publicly about his case . Three other suspects , including Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , were also summoned , but remain at large . "  The voluntary appearance of Abu Garda might serve to encourage other suspects currently at large to come before the Court to be heard with all guarantees of a fair trial , " said Silvana Arbia , registrar of the international court . The attack on the AU peacekeepers came months before the 7,000-strong force was replaced by a U.N. peacekeeping force of 26,000 troops . The U.N. force , known as UNAMID , is a joint operation between the United Nations and the African Union . It took over formally at the end of 2007 . The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions . Sudan 's government responded with a fierce military campaign that led to some 200,000 deaths and forced 2 million people to flee their homes , according to the United Nations .	Bahr Idriss Abu Garda faces charges in deaths of peacekeepers in 2007 12 killed when a soldiers stormed North Darfur African Union peacekeeping base Abu Garda scheduled to appear at the pretrial hearing at 3 p.m. Monday Three other suspects , including Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , are at large
CNN  -- The same dementia-like disease found in the brain tissue of several National Football League players has shown up in the brains of four U.S. veterans exposed to improvised explosive devices and other head trauma , according to new research . The suggestion made by the research is that a common thread binds those exposed to traumatic brain injury , whether it occurs on the football field or in the war theater . "  We found the same changes  the same damage to the brain  in veterans just as we did in athletes , " said Dr. Ann McKee , a study co-author and director of the Neuropathology Service for VA New England Healthcare System . "  This is interesting and intriguing . " Two of the military cases , and a group of mice studied concurrently by researchers , suggest that a single IED exposure could instigate the cluster of abnormal protein in the brain that characterizes the disease , called chronic traumatic encephalopathy . CTE derives some of its notoriety from cases like that of Dave Duerson , a former Chicago Bear who shot himself in the chest in 2011 and was found to have dense clusters of tau protein permeating his brain and spinal cord . Tau is released by neurons when the brain is rocked inside the skull and , when unleashed , tends to lodge in parts of the brain responsible for memory , judgment and mood . The same group of researchers at the Boston University School of Medicine who examined Duerson 's brain excised thin slivers of brain tissue from four U.S. veterans who died suddenly . Those were compared to tissue taken from two other groups : three amateur football players and a professional wrestler with a history of concussion ; and a control group of four young people who died suddenly with no history of concussion . What tends to confuse these cases is the inability to isolate the effects of an IED blast . Veterans included in the study had been exposed to IED blasts between one and six years before their deaths , but some had also sustained accident or sports-related concussions . Questions are then raised about whether the blast itself or the history of concussion -- or both -- contributes to CTE . "  It 's a little like trying to figure out the plot of a film by looking at the last frame , " said Dr. Lee Goldstein , associate professor at Boston University School of Medicine and Boston University College of Engineering.Â "  You have an idea about how the ending occurred , but you do n't know the plot line that got you there . " That 's where the mouse study comes in . "  What the mouse study does is ask a very specific question lingering in the field , which is , can exposure to even a single blast result in brain damage that persists and possibly progresses ? " Goldstein said . To answer that question , researchers exposed a group of mice to blast winds -- some up to 330 miles per hour -- that mimic what might occur in the wake of an IED blast and compared them to a group of mice the same age , living in the same conditions , that were not exposed to blasts . The effect of the blast is described by researchers as a "  bobblehead effect , " the brain rocking back and forth inside the skull , similar to what happens during a concussion , and in some people it leads to brain damage . Two weeks after exposure to the blast , brain tissue in mice showed evidence of tau protein . "  We were expecting the effect after multiple exposures , " Goldstein said . "  We were not anticipating this . " "  They have definitively shown that blasts and shaking of the head gives you the same pathology seen in sports concussions , " said Dr. Jack Tsao , a Navy commander , neurologist and director of traumatic brain injury programs for the U.S. Navy Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.Â "  The mouse model then gives you a potential for investigating the cause of what 's happening . "  It 's an important first step in raising further awareness of this issue , " Tsao added . Some military cases were notable for overlapping of symptoms reported by football players later diagnosed with CTE -- including headaches , irritability , difficulty sleeping and depression -- and for a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder before death . The research also raises questions about a potential subgroup of veterans returning from the war with a diagnosis of traumatic brain injury . "  It 's safe to say right now that we 're not sure what the overlaps are , " said McKee , a professor at Boston University School of Medicine.Â "  Most people feel there is an overlap , and some cases of PTSD will be accounted for by CTE , but not all . " "  The authors speculate that there may be a link , " Tsao said . "  It is very interesting to think this is going on and certainly well worth looking into , but ... there is no direct evidence yet based on what we 've seen . " Study authors acknowledge limitations of their cases series -- published online Wednesday in the journal Science Translational Medicine -- including a small study size and obvious anatomical differences between mice and humans , but they believe they have enough information based on the study to move toward developing therapies to address CTE . "  That is the burning question that needs to be addressed now , " Goldstein said .	Dementia-like disease in brain tissue of NFL players shows up in four veterans Study suggests thread links athletes and IED survivors exposed to traumatic brain injury Can exposure to even one blast result in brain damage that persists and progresses ?
CNN  -- Google 's infant social network experienced a recent growth spurt . Google + has more than 90 million registered users , Google CEO Larry Page said during the company 's earnings presentation on Thursday . That more than doubles the 40 million that Google reported in October . "  We 're very excited about the growth we 've had , and we 've certainly seen a tremendous number of people added every day , " Page said . "  That notion of identity is a deep part of what we 're doing . " Google launched its social network last June . Since then , it has added toolbars and other buttons on its websites to aggressively promote the service . Google stirred up controversy last week when it began giving prominent placement to Google + pages in results delivered by its search engine . On average , Google engineers have introduced a new feature related to Google + every day since its launch , Page said . It took Facebook about four years to reach 90 million users , according to Facebook 's public statements . After starting as a students-only service , Facebook now has 800 million people checking their accounts at least once a month , about 10 times that of Google + . Analysts say Google + was built specifically to challenge Facebook 's growing dominance on the Web . Google and Facebook generally do not collaborate . Another rival social network , Twitter , complained that the recent changes to Google search favor Google + and harm Twitter 's ranking on results pages . "  We provide a lot of third-party data in search , and we would love to have more , " Page said in response to an analyst 's question . "  Generally , companies have been walling that data off . " People who register for Google + tend to be dedicated users of Google 's search engine , e-mail and documents services . More than 60 % of them use Google products every day , and 80 % visit a Google site at least once a week , Page said . Page , who posted his comments on his Google + page , did not say how often or what percentage of users specifically visit its social networking service . "  Engagement on Plus is also growing tremendously , " Page said . A Google spokesman declined to comment .	Google says 60 % of Google + members visit its products every day Google says 80 % of Google + members visit its products every week It took Facebook four years to reach 90 million
EW.com  -- FX has given the greenlight to "  The Bridge , " a thriller starring Diane Kruger  "  Inglorious Basterds "  and Demian Bichir  "  A Better Life "  and from Meredith Stiehm , a "  Homeland " writer known for penning some of the series ' most acclaimed episodes . Based on the Scandinavian series "  Bron , " "  The Bridge " is about a body found on the border of Texas and Mexico and the investigation that ensues . The 13-episode first season will go into production in April for a July premiere on FX . This news means that Stiehm will likely have to leave the Showtime hit for her new FX series . "  I think it 's one or the other , " Stiehm told EW in January about choosing between Homeland and "  The Bridge . " "  It 's a high-cost problem . It 's so hard to get your own series but , at the same time , What kind of idiot leaves ` Homeland ' right now ? " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	FX has given the greenlight to "  The Bridge " "  The Bridge " is a thriller starring Diane Kruger and Demian Bichir "  Homeland " writer Meredith Stiehm is behind the series
CNN  -- "  An unconditional right to say what one pleases about public affairs is what I consider to be the minimum guarantee of the First Amendment . " -- U.S. Supreme Court Justice Hugo L. Black , New York Times Co. vs. Sullivan , 1964 It 's downright disgusting to listen to conservative and Republican lawmakers , presidential candidates , business owners and media commentators use such vitriol to describe the Occupy Wall Street protesters as hell-bent on destroying America . How in the world can anyone even form their lips to say such a thing when this very country was founded on the basis of dissent ? Self-professed rodeo clown Glenn Beck castigates the Occupy Wall Street protesters , but he 's always running off at the mouth about the Founding Fathers and how brilliant they were . Without dissent and protest , there is no United States of America ! It 's as if these folks never picked up a history book to understand how this nation was formed . The very notion of a United States of America started with someone saying , writing and screaming , "  Enough is enough ! " And when more and more of the early settlers became enraged at the heavy-handed actions of the British , that 's when we were on our path to the American Revolution . Do any of these so-called strict constructionists even read the very U.S. Constitution they love to wave in the faces of their critics ? Every American , no matter if you 're young or old ; rich or poor ; red state or blue state ; Black , white , Asian , Hispanic , Native American ; has the freedom to assemble and freedom of speech , which is at the heart of these protests . In this same space , I praised the tea party for not sitting around and complaining . Instead , they organized and mobilized to affect the political discourse in the Republican Party and have definitely had their voices heard . I may disagree with a number of things the tea party advocates , but there is no way I would condemn them for doing it . As Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas said , "  The right to revolt has sources deep in our history . " It 's increasingly clear that some Americans love to talk a good game about protests , yet hate it when someone who opposes their views decides to stand up and be heard . Remember all of those political voices championing the people of Iran taking to the streets to protest ? How about Tunisia ? Egypt ? Libya ? Bahrain ? What would this world be without protest ? We would have never seen freedom in Eastern Europe were it not without the people there , in the words of civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer , being "  sick and tired of being sick and tired . " Praise God that the children of South Africa , led by the African National Congress , did n't ignore the calls of history . If so , Nelson Mandela would be dying in jail and freedom would have never ended apartheid . This nation would not have been forced to make real the very principles cited in the Declaration of Independence , or treat every human being as an equal , were it not for the civil rights movement . Those brave men , women and children chose not to accept the status quo , and this nation and the world are much better off because they did . As a supporter of Occupy Wall Street , I understand fully the sentiment that is being expressed . The massive corporate greed that has devastated the wages of the common worker , and seen the pay of a bunch on Wall Street go through the stratosphere for literally making nothing tangible , has been immoral and obscene . Wall Street and their protectors in Washington -- Democrat and Republican -- say nothing is wrong with making a profit . That is absolutely true . But what is shameful and outlandish is to watch the American taxpayer save the jobs  and big bonuses  of these financial miscreants , only to see them jack up fees left and right . Without the American people they would have had to pack up their belongings and hit the pavement . Instead , they refuse to work with homeowners struggling to meet the big mortgage payments that Wall Street helped underwrite ; then sell in exotic transactions that wrecked this nation 's financial infrastructure . Conservatives call this an assault on capitalism . No , Occupy Wall Street is about trying to bring some decency and honesty back to an industry that used to have some . Instead , what we have today are literal financial pirates trying to take the largest booty they can find . They do n't care about the long-term health of this country . It 's all about the next quarterly earnings reports and their massive year-end bonuses . This fight that Occupy Wall Street is engaged in is nothing short of a battle for the soul of this nation . Are we going to continue to allow ourselves to be held hostage by the big banks ? Will we continue to allow them to trample over us with their "  too big to fail " attitude ? No , no , and hell no . It 's time to bring these Goliaths to their knees by any means necessary . That mean the young and righteous Davids must protest , march , sit-in , work the halls of Congress and state capitals nationwide , and make it clear that as long as Wall Street , its lobbyists and political protectors continue to mistreat the common man and woman , they are our mortal enemy . Now is not the time to dismiss the protesters as a bunch of lefty college students with no guidance , no substance and no mission . Instead of listening to politicians pimp the next generation , these folks are saying in the words of the founders of the nation 's first black newspaper , Freedom 's Journal : "  We wish to plead our own cause ; too long have others spoken for us . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Without dissent and protest , there is no United States , Roland S. Martin says Characterizing Occupy Wall Street protesters as anti-American is disgusting , he says Martin : It 's not an assault on capitalism , but a call for decency in in the financial industry
CNN  -- A former golf professional from Indiana in the United States played an incredible 612 holes in just 16 hours as part of a charity fundraising bid . Ben Berger accomplished the feat at the Juday Creek Golf Club , beginning his day at 5.29 am local and finishing at sunset at 9.30 pm . He averaged more than two 18-hole rounds of golf every hour , using a golf cart to speed between his shots . He was completing a par-four in an average of one minute 30 seconds , only slowing towards the end as pains in his hips started to take a toll . Berger 's play was not too shabby either , picking up 95 birdies and five eagles , the last of which came of his final hole as he chipped in . Of his 33 rounds , 12 of them were par of better and despite his haste , his worst score was an 82 . Berger was helping to raise money for an autism charity , the "  Par for the Cause " event having raised more than $ 200,000 in its five-year existence . Impressive though Berger 's marathon performance is , according to Guinness World Records the record for the most golf holes in 24 hours with use of a cart is 851 , set by Robb James , who achieved his feat at a nine-hole course in Canada . Berger was a professional at a neighboring club until taking a regular job in a family business . His wife Stephanie , who is eight months pregnant , was on hand to watch at the end as he finished in superb style to the delight of his gallery of supporters . "  That 's the way you finish , " he screamed and then hugged his wife who had been standing by him with his putter .	Ex golf professional plays 612 holes in 16 hours to raise money for charity Indiana-based Ben Berger averaged over two rounds an hour in the feat He finishes with an eagle three on a par-five hole at Juday Creek Golf Club
ZURICH , Switzerland -- Brazil has been awarded the 2014 World Cup finals , FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced Tuesday . FIFA president Sepp Blatter makes the announcement that Brazil will host the 2014 World Cup finals . Blatter said Brazil now has "  not only the right , but the responsibility to organize FIFA 's World Cup 2014 . " Blatter then handed the World Cup trophy to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who flew in for the announcement . "  Soccer is not only a sport for us , " Lula said . "  It 's more than that : Soccer for us is a passion , a national passion . " He promised Brazil "  will now , with great pride , do its homework . " And , he added , "  if everything works out well , we will win once again a World Cup . " Brazil was the only candidate to pitch to host football 's global showpiece after South American rivals Colombia pulled out of the running in April . However , Brazil had been told by FIFA it was n't guaranteed the tournament simply because it was the only candidate , saying it had to provide a solid bid package . Blatter said the lack of competition from other South American nations was one reason behind FIFA 's decision Monday to do away with the rotation system that gave each continent a turn at hosting the World Cup . The decision takes effect with the 2018 tournament . "  We are a civilized nation , a nation that is going through an excellent phase , and we have got everything prepared to receive adequately the honor to organize an excellent World Cup , " Brazilian Football Confederation president Ricardo Teixeira said . Brazilian Sports Minister Orlando Silva , national team coach Dunga , veteran striker Romario and renowned author Paulo Coelho were among those making the trip to Zurich -- and the final decision was made by FIFA 's executive committee after a 30-minute presentation . "  Of course , dreams demand hard work and we Brazilians are ready to face this task , " Coelho said . "  All the countries in the world have two teams -- the national squad and the Brazilian squad . " Brazil hosted the World Cup once before , 57 years ago . Since launching its bid for 2014 , Brazil has emphasized why the country needs the World Cup , much more than what it has to offer the tournament . "  Over the next few years we will have a consistent influx of investments . The 2014 World Cup will enable Brazil to have a modern infrastructure , " Teixeira said . "  In social terms will be very beneficial . " "  Our objective is to make Brazil become more visible in global arenas , " he added . "  The World Cup goes far beyond a mere sporting event . It 's going to be an interesting tool to promote social transformation . " Tuesday 's presentation was smoother than the one in July , which underlined Brazil 's status as a developing nation with repeated images of its car factories and dry statistics . Blatter had recently questioned Brazil 's infrastructure and bid plans , but FIFA said last week that a stadium-inspection trip in August showed the country could put on "  an exceptional " tournament . However , there have been delays in hosting some major events , problems with violence in the streets and the public transportation system in the country is often overloaded . The Brazilian soccer confederation estimates that the construction and remodeling of stadiums will require an investment of $ 1.1 billion , though that could vary significantly depending on the cities chosen to host games . Brazil is home to 10 of the world 's largest football stadiums , including the famous Maracana where more than 200,000 fans saw the home side lose 2-1 to Uruguay in the 1950 World Cup final . Renovations have since reduced its capacity to 95,000 seats , with thousands more standing . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Five-time winner Brazil will host 2014 World Cup football finals Brazil only candidate after Colombia pulled out in April Announcement made by FIFA president Sepp Blatter in Zurich
CNN  -- South African President Jacob Zuma has been admitted to the hospital for tests , his spokesman Mac Maharaj said in a statement Saturday . "  Yesterday President Zuma was advised to rest following a demanding election and transition programme to the new administration , " Maharaj said . "  Doctors are satisfied with his condition , " the statement read . Zuma was re-elected to a second term last month despite economic woes , deadly mining protests and corruption allegations . His party , the African National Congress , won the general election with 62 % of the vote , which was lower than the previous election . After a turbulent first term , Zuma said during his inaugural address that his government will perform better this time around and take responsibility for any shortcomings . "  We will ... ensure much tighter accountability , with firm consequences where there is a failure to deliver services to our people , " he promised .	South African President Jacob Zuma went to the hospital for tests , spokesman says Doctors advised rest following his re-election , statement says Zuma won a second term and was inaugurated last month He promised to do better during his second term
CNN  -- When the name of the game is escape , one gamer 's boredom is another gamer 's boon . Sony PlayStation 3 game Afrika 's stunning graphics are virtually photo-realistic . On August 28 , Sony released for PlayStation 3 in Japan its long-announced , shrouded-in-secret game "  Afrika , " in which a single player assumes the role of a National Geographic photographer on an African safari to shoot wild animals in the grassland . Each of the player 's photos is then judged on angle , target , distance and technique , and the photographer is rewarded in "  cash , " which can be used to upgrade his or her camera to models based on Sony 's latest Alpha-branded single-lens-reflex cameras and lenses . The game 's graphics are effectively stunning , while sound effects include hooves treading lightly on the savanna , as giraffes and antelope walk slowly away once you 've snapped that Sony moment . "  Sony is pushing the game 's art style in a much more photo-realistic direction , which is a departure from most video games , " says Ricardo Torres , editor in chief of GameSpot . "  Rather than create a stylized , fanciful world , Sony 's Japanese development studio has pushed to create graphics that match the real world . " If this exotic , close-up-wildlife simulation is fascinating to some , others find it lacking in that little something . "  The game looks excellent , the animals look smart , throw in some guns and let 's have some fun , " comments CanadianCow on the Gaming Today Web site . Although players may encounter the occasional charging hippo , Afrika 's human characters never die , and the emphasis is always on getting the best shot of the animals . But what may be new to Sony is hardly new to the rest of the gaming world , let alone to current industry leader Nintendo . Just over the past few years , the Japanese gamemaker has conquered a new generation of fans both young and old with innovative applications and its trademark Wii wand . Nintendo 's own simulation games may offer comparatively lesser graphics , but they boast arguably better play . Released in April 2008 , Wild Earth : African Safari allows up to three players to not only pursue photo-reporting missions but to "  play from the animal 's perspective " by flapping and thrusting their Wii remote . Just a few featured creatures include cheetah , crocodile , ostrich , frog , vulture , meerkat , tortoise , bat , warthog , wildebeest and hyrax . And for the Jacques Cousteau in everyone , Nintendo 's Endless Ocean lets Wii divers leisurely explore the pristine waters of a fictional tropical island . With no time limit , point system or possibility of failure , the game even doubles as a screensaver if the remote is left untouched . Both Sony and Nintendo offer their own interactive fish tanks for more domesticated aquatic contemplation . Sony 's Aquatopia , released in November 2007 , was the first in a series of "  interactive art " titles for the PlayStation Eye , which captures players ' body movements . Nintendo 's Wii-controlled My Aquarium , released less than a year later , not only lets you share or trade fish with friends via Wi-Fi , it also comes in a Fantasy edition that lets you "  unlock " new fish -- as well as sharks , whales , dolphins and seals -- just as long as you do n't mix predator and prey . "  Games that feature observation as a core component of their game play can be seen as more accessible to individuals who do n't play games all the time , " remarks Torres . "  Whereas seasoned game players will have no problem adjusting to more passive game play , you do n't see that crossover the other way around . " Nintendo niche James Whittle , video-games columnist for Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post , agrees : "  It seems Sony is going after the green nature-loving crowd and gamers who like slower-paced games and animal-simulation games like Nintendo 's dog and cat pet-caring sims , which pretty much created this whole new niche market . " The extremes of the gaming genres recall the classic contrast between Myst and Doom some 15 years ago . On one side of the spectrum , the misty island hiding secrets to be unlocked and alcoves to be explored ; on the other end , the subjective view of the single-handed gun shooting to kill everything in sight for instant , unapologetic gratification . While mainstream media traditionally milks the latter 's action-thrilling appeal , the former have always had their own loyal following . Even Pokemon Snap , released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64 , was based on offering players a maximum of photo opportunities of Pikachu and friends . "  Video games started off as non-violent , and then later on the violent aspects came along , " observes Whittle . "  Nobody reads news reports about the wonderful and pleasant gaming aspects of Hello Kitty Island Adventure or Barbie 's Beach Vacation , " said Whittle . And while Sony may think it 's onto something new and trendy in the name of very good graphics -- it hopes to sell at least 100,000 copies of Afrika -- Whittle is more prone to call it game over for the PlayStation 3 . "  The PS3 currently lacks the potential to draw in new buyers , " he says . "  They are not putting out enough games for the console . Over the last summer they had a couple of months where only one or no games were released . With so many kids off for the summer they should have been like their competitors , coming out with a few games a week . " For many PlayStation 3 owners , at least in Hong Kong , the console is little more than a Blu-ray DVD player -- nonetheless , one clear advantage it has over its gaming competitors . View gallery of game consoles " But that 's far from enough to help Sony 's console sales catch up to Nintendo , who has sold 29.6 million Wiis worldwide in the past two years -- twice the number of PS3s -- while Microsoft has sold over 20 million Xbox 360s to date . Torres , however , is more optimistic about PS3 software : "  Sony 's upcoming 2008 titles span a wide range of genres that have a broader appeal . Casual titles like Buzz and Singstar skew towards a broad audience , Resistance 2 is more for seasoned players , and unique new titles like Littlebigplanet have the potential to appeal to both seasoned and casual players . " Meanwhile , in terms of inspiring independent publishers to develop more challenging games that take full advantage of PlayStation 3 's technological capabilities , only time will tell whether or not Afrika was the game that made the difference .	Sony releases PlayStation 3 game Afrika , simulating a photographer on safari Contemplative nature games are nothing new to successful competitor Nintendo Sony lags behind Nintendo in console sales , hopes game will revive PlayStation 3
CNN  -- It is about to get a bit more difficult to illegally download TV shows , movies or music online . A new alert system , rolling out over the next two months , will repeatedly warn and possibly punish people violating digital copyrights . The Copyright Alert System was announced last July and has been four years in the making . If you use AT&T , Cablevision , Comcast , Time Warner , or Verizon as your Internet service provider , you could receive the first of one of these notes starting in the next two months . The Internet provider is delivering the message , but the legwork is being done by the copyright owners , which will monitor peer-to-peer networks such as BitTorrent . They use a service called MarkMonitor , which uses a combination of people and automated systems to spot illegal downloading . It will collect the IP addresses of offenders , but no personal information . The IP addresses are turned over to the Internet providers , which will match up the address with the right customer and send the notification . The warning system is described as a graduated response . First the Internet provider will let the customer know that their Internet connection is being used to download content illegally . The note will include information to steer them away from their life of crime , including tips on how they can download content legally . There will also be tips on securing Internet connections , just in case you were unaware that your neighbor was downloading season three of "  Dexter " using your unprotected wireless network . "  The progressive series of alerts is designed to make consumers aware of activity that has occurred using their Internet accounts , educate them on how they can prevent such activity from happening again , " the CCI said in its announcement today . After the educational phase , the customers will be asked to acknowledge that they received the warning . If they continue to download content illegally , the alerts will threaten mild punishments , such as forcing the copyright violator to read "  educational materials , " or throttling their Internet connection so that it is slow , making it harder to download large files . Today 's announcement claims that terminating the Internet service is not one of the options . If a customer feels they are being wrongly accused , they can ask for a review , which will cost them $ 35 according to the Verge . The entire system will be overseen by an organization called the Center for Copyright Information , which includes content owners , such as the Motion Picture Association of America and Recording Industry Association of America , as well as individual members including Disney , Sony Pictures , Fox , EMI and Universal . Each ISP will have a slightly different version of the system .	A new warning system will let people know they are illegally downloading content First , the Internet providers will try to educate people about how to get content legally Customers could eventually face punishments such as a slowed Internet connection The Copyright Alert System has been four years in the making
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A 5.6-magnitude earthquake shook Cuba on Saturday . The quake struck at 1:08 p.m.  2:08 p.m. ET  22 kilometers  14 miles  below the surface and was centered 44 km  27 miles  south-southwest of Guantanamo , the U.S. Geological Survey said . "  So far , there have n't been any reports of major damages or injuries , " a civil defense official in Havana told CNN nearly an hour after the quake . "  It 's still early . " There were no immediate reports of injuries or major damage in Santiago de Cuba , which is 57 km  36 miles  from the epicenter , but a woman who runs a bed and breakfast there felt it . "  It was very strong , " the woman said . "  We ran and stood in the doorway . Neighbors were screaming and ran into the street . ... I have n't heard of any damages . Everybody is back inside . " "  I do n't think there are any damages , at least around here , " said Mabel Martinez , who runs another bed and breakfast in Santiago de Cuba . "  But people are definitely alarmed . " CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this story from Havana .	A 5.6-magnitude earthquake strikes Cuba Saturday at 1:08 p.m.  2:08 p.m. ET Quake centered 44 kilometers  27 miles  south-southwest of Guantanamo Resident in Santiago de Cuba , 57 km  36 miles  from epicenter , feels quake
Washington  CNN  -- At one time , Susan Rice seemed to be on a trajectory that would take her to the secretary of state 's office in President Barack Obama 's second term . But that trajectory changed Thursday when the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations withdrew her name from consideration to succeed current Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . In a letter to the president , Rice explained her decision to pull herself out of the running . "  I am highly honored to be considered by you for appointment as Secretary of State , " the letter read . "  However , if nominated , I am now convinced that the confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive and costly -- to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities . That trade-off is simply not worth it to our country . ... Therefore , I respectfully request that you no longer consider my candidacy at this time . " A former administration official with knowledge of Rice 's decision said this was Rice 's decision ; the White House did not ask her to stand down . Obama said that while he regretted Rice 's decision to withdraw he would continue to rely on her advice . Rice 's path began decades ago with the help of family friend Madeleine Albright , the woman who became the first female secretary of state . Benghazi talking points omitted link to al Qaeda Albright , while serving under President Bill Clinton , recommended that he tap Rice for a high-level State Department post on African affairs in the late 1990s . Albright had previously served with Rice 's mother , Lois Rice , on a school board in Washington and watched Rice grow up with her own daughters . "  If I were to characterize her , whether it 's playing basketball or anything else , she 's fearless , " Albright said about Rice in a Washington Post interview during her time as the top U.S. diplomat . Rice , 48 , was born in Washington to parents with distinguished careers . Her mother , who currently serves as a guest lecturer at the Brookings Institution and is an expert on financing of higher education , served on the board of directors of 11 major U.S. corporations . Her father , Emmett Rice , died in 2011 . He was a professor of economics at Cornell University , was a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors and flew with the Tuskegee Airmen in World War II . Susan Rice told the Washington Post after her father 's death that he instilled in her "  a strong sense of personal and social responsibility " that guided her career decisions . "  He believed mightily in the power of the individual to determine his or her own destiny , " she said . And by all accounts , Rice determined her own destiny and amassed a slew of notable accomplishments . Stanford , Oxford , White House job One of Rice 's former teachers at the National Cathedral School noted her accomplishments in a letter to the editor after the Washington Post 's Dana Milbank published a November 18 column questioning her readiness to become secretary of state . Rice , who was valedictorian of her class and a star point guard on the basketball team , exhibited "  superior leadership skills " and "  left behind a remarkable legacy " that included a revised honor code still used at the school , John Wood wrote . Intelligence on Benghazi shifted after Obama administration described attack as ` spontaneous ' Rice earned Phi Beta Kappa honors at Stanford University , where she earned her bachelors degree in history and won a Rhodes Scholarship to study international relations at Oxford University in 1986 . Rice 's work at Oxford , where she earned her masters and later a doctorate in international relations , earned the Chatham House-British International Studies Association Prize for the top doctoral dissertation in the United Kingdom in international relations . After graduation , Rice headed to McKinsey & Company in Toronto , where she worked as an international management consultant . In 1992 , she married Ian Cameron , a producer for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , whom she had met at Stanford . In 1993 , Rice returned to Washington to take a position with the National Security Council as director of international organizations and peacekeeping . A year later , she toured war-torn Rwanda after the genocide campaign there killed more than 800,000 people in 100 days . She told journalist Samantha Power that if she ever faced such a crisis again she would come down on the side of taking action , unlike the course the Clinton administration and the rest of the world took at the time . Rice was promoted in 1995 to become special assistant to the president and senior director of African affairs at the White House National Security Council . Clinton stands by Rice after calls to step down She became a senior fellow in 2002 at Brookings , where she specialized in the study of U.S. foreign relations , and was national security and foreign relations adviser for Obama 's 2008 campaign . In nominating her to the ambassador 's post , Obama called Rice "  a close and trusted adviser " and said she "  shares my belief that the U.N. is an indispensable -- and imperfect -- forum . " At the same time , she has drawn some attention for the way she operates . Insiders say Rice is ambitious and aggressive . Colum Lynch of the Washington Post and Foreign Policy told CNN that one of her nicknames at the U.N. Security Council is "  The Bulldozer . " "  I think that everyone has complicated feelings about her , " Lynch said . He characterized her as "  very personable , likeable , charming , smart , funny , down to earth " but also someone with sharp elbows . "  You do n't want to get in the way of her , and whether that 's a point to her advantage or a point against her , well , I guess it depends on who you are asking , " Lynch said . Benghazi controversy In the days following the September 11 attacks on the Benghazi consulate that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans , Rice became the administration 's point person on the matter . In multiple TV appearances after that attack , Rice cited a hateful video that fueled a spontaneous mob attack as the reason for the deaths . Senior U.S. officials have said that Rice 's comments were based on an intelligence assessment that was later updated to reflect a preliminary view that demonstrators were not the culprits . Lawmakers say meeting with Rice left them with more questions The most strident Republicans suggested the characterization of the attack as a mob gone awry might have been the basis for a cover-up during a ferocious political campaign . Criticism intensified as the explanation of events slowly shifted , with the administration eventually raising the possibility that the attack was planned by al Qaeda . Some leading Senate Republicans said they could not support Rice if Obama nominated her to replace Hillary Clinton as secretary of state . While Obama has not indicated whom he might appoint , White House sources have said that Rice was a top candidate . Rice did little to quell criticism of her when she visited the Hill to meet with her toughest critics over Benghanzi -- Republican Sens. John McCain of Arizona , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . The session , called by Rice to answer questions about her comments , ended up with the lawmakers saying they were "  significantly troubled " by many of her answers . Graham said Rice 's comments amounted to a "  statement disconnected from reality " and that his concerns about Rice were "  greater today than they were before . " McCain said the "  information that she gave the American people was incorrect . " In a statement following the meeting , which also included Acting CIA Director Michael Morrell , Rice said the two stressed that "  neither I nor anyone else in the administration intended to mislead the American people at any stage in this process , and the administration updated Congress and the American people as our assessments evolved . " After Rice had withdrawn , an administration official voiced frustration that Rice had been unfairly targeted over Benghazi . "  It 's absolutely a fact that she had nothing to do with the security presence in Benghazi and the intelligence collection or assessment . All she did was some interviews using cleared talking points that reflected our best understanding of the situation as we knew it at that time , the official said . "  The fact that four people died in Libya is a tragedy , but Susan Rice had nothing to do with that tragedy . The fact that they focused on her talking points is a disservice to everyone who cares about this issue . " Following Rice 's decision , Graham released a statement saying , "  I respect Ambassador Rice 's decision. , " Graham said . " President Obama has many talented people to choose from to serve as our next Secretary of State . " Graham added that he would continue to try to get the bottom of Benghazi . Obama , had fiercely defended Rice since Republicans first began to question her nomination -- first in the second presidential debate and later in his first news conference after his re-election . He continued his support in a statement responding to Rice 's decision . "  I have every confidence that Susan has limitless capability to serve our country now and in the years to come , and know that I will continue to rely on her as an advisor and friend , " the president said . "  While I deeply regret the unfair and misleading attacks on Susan Rice in recent weeks , her decision demonstrates the strength of her character , and an admirable commitment to rise above the politics of the moment to put our national interests first . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , Elise Labott , Richard Roth Jessica Yellin contributed to this report	NEW : Susan Rice 's seeming destiny is derailed by GOP opposition over the Benghazi attack Rice was a high school valedictorian and a Rhodes scholar Her mentor Madeleine Albright recommended her for a top political job in the 1990s Insiders say Rice is aggressive , has sharp elbows and rubbed some the wrong way
CNN  -- Right now , two-thirds of Americans are suffering from "  Fear-bola , " according to a new Washington Post poll . It 's a hyper-contagious disease that affects the brain , making sufferers fear a widespread Ebola outbreak in the United States . Fear-bola is an airborne disease that spreads through conversation , entering your brain through your ears . Fear-bola is so contagious that some victims have contracted it by simply seeing images and videos about Ebola . Once inside your body , Fear-bola attacks the part of the brain responsible for rational thinking . It starts with a low-grade concern about the two health care workers diagnosed with Ebola in Dallas and slowly builds into fear of a widespread epidemic in the United States . Almost half of the people affected by Fear-bola are also "  very " or "  somewhat " worried they themselves will catch the virus . Fear-bola is dangerous because it leads to confused decision-making and illusions . People who favor travel bans , for example , suffer from Fear-bola . Anyone convinced Ebola is an airborne virus is suffering from the disease . If the news that a second health care worker in Dallas diagnosed with Ebola made you think you 're in a real-life "  Contagion " or "  Outbreak " movie , you suffer from Fear-bola . Fear-bola can also affect institutions . Navarro College , a small community college outside Dallas , has contracted Fear-bola and has stopped accepting students from countries with confirmed cases of Ebola , according to The Daily Beast . Navarro has rejected every student application from Nigeria , a country with 174 million people and 20 cases of Ebola . By the way , after "  world-class epidemiological detective work , " that outbreak was traced back to a Liberian-American . Nigeria is five days away from being declared Ebola-free by the World Health Organization . To put this story in perspective , it would be like Harvard suddenly sending rejection letters to every high school applicant from Texas , stating : "  Unfortunately Harvard is not accepting applications from students in states with confirmed cases of Ebola . " As you can see , Fear-bola is extremely dangerous at an institutional level because it leads to widespread discrimination . I almost caught Fear-bola from a good friend when he told me : "  You better believe I 'm worried about Ebola . Sure , the docs say , ` Do n't worry . It 's not airborne . You must touch fluid to get it ' ... but what if a person on plane or subway sneezes , sending fluid particles at me or a few drops on the seat . ... That 's not airborne to docs ... but that 's fluid and now I have Ebola . Yeah , I 'm very afraid . " That was all it took to contract Fear-bola . Suddenly , I felt the urge to Google "  how far does a sneeze travel ? "  It 's 200 feet , by the way . Once you contract Fear-bola , you ca n't help but spread it to others . After talking to my friend , I called my mom -- who luckily gave me a dose of common sense . As she put it , "  I do n't know what everyone is so worried about Ebola . If you 're in West Africa , yes , you should be afraid , but here ? It 's ridiculous . "  One person has died in the United States from Ebola and that 's awful . But if you want to worry about a contagious disease that can kill you , worry about the flu . Did you know tens of thousands of people died from the flu last year , tens of thousands ? I do n't see people stampeding to CVS to get a flu shot . " She 's right . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , from 1997 to 2007 , flu deaths ranged from a low of about 3,500 to a high of 49,000 deaths a year . The flu reached epidemic levels in last year 's season . And just like that I was cured of Fear-bola with a dose of the facts . Unless you are a health care worker or family member caring for an infected patient , you are not going to contract Ebola in the United States . You have nothing to fear . We can not allow Fear-bola to take over America because the world needs our help . We need to think rationally , and we need to think globally . In West Africa , the facts are grim -- more than 4,000 dead , and the outbreak is doubling in size every three weeks . The World Health Organization says West Africa could see 10,000 new Ebola cases a week by December . It 's spreading quickly in West Africa because the affected countries are politically unstable and recovering from war , and they lack the public health infrastructure to quarantine people properly , provide health workers with protective gear and educate the population about risks and best practices . We 're right to be concerned about the welfare of the medical professionals who were treating Thomas Eric Duncan , who died from Ebola in Dallas . But an outbreak is not likely . Our public health and communication infrastructures are yet another reason why there will never be a major Ebola outbreak here . The spread of Ebola overseas has more to do with the social and political realities in West Africa than the reality of the virus . It is vital to mobilize our health care experts and nongovernmental organizations overseas quickly . The best way to prevent Ebola in the United States is to protect people in West Africa . Here , two people are infected with Ebola in Dallas ; in West Africa , more than 8,000 are infected . The fewer people who get it in West Africa , the less likely it will spread here . It 's counterintuitive , but a travel ban driven by Fear-bola would actually spread Ebola , as this article in Forbes explains . A travel ban would also seal us off when invaluable resources from the CDC and the National Institutes of Health need to be deployed to help stop the spread of Ebola on a global scale . If a ship is sinking , what good does it do to lock ourselves below deck in our cabins ? In 2002 , we were invaluable in fighting SARS and in 2009 , working with China to curb the swine flu outbreak . If you live in West Africa , you have reason to be afraid . If you care for Ebola patients , you must be extraordinary careful . If you have been placed in quarantine , you better remain there until you are cleared . For the rest of us here in the United States , it 's time to eradicate Fear-bola and focus on how you can help those who are suffering from the Ebola outbreak overseas . And while you 're at it , you should probably get a flu shot .	Poll finds two-thirds of Americans fear a widespread epidemic of Ebola in the U.S. Mel Robbins says "  Fear-bola " attacks part of brain responsible for rational thinking Robbins : One person has died from Ebola in U.S. , but flu kills tens of thousands a year She says we have almost no chance of catching Ebola but need to help West Africa
House Speaker John Boehner may have stood up to conservative arm-twisters and embraced bipartisanship in moving a budget agreement through the House , but insiders do n't see it as the start of a sea change on Capitol Hill . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is one who was pragmatic about Boehner 's new and strident public tone this week toward several influential conservative groups that have questioned his leadership and blasted the compromise budget plan approved Thursday . Senior GOP aides also cautioned that Boehner 's rhetorical flogging of these groups was not part of a larger legislative strategy moving forward -- especially on immigration reform . They view it as the Speaker simply calling out people who he thought crossed a line . Boehner took to the podium on Wednesday and Thursday to say that he was fed up with criticism from conservative advocates . At first , he said they were "  misleading their followers . " He followed up with this round-house : "  Frankly , I just think that they 've lost all credibility . " Spat puts conservative groups in the spotlight In recent months , Boehner has downplayed internal GOP splits and was on the defensive about why he bent to pressure from the conservative wing of the party to wage what amounted to unwinnable fights with Democrats . Some vindication The inability of Boehner to control his majority in the House , many of whom take their cues from conservative advocates , has fostered perpetual gridlock on Capitol Hill and dwindling public support for Republicans and the overall Congress . Thursday 's budget vote may provided some vindication for Boehner as the House overwhelmingly approved a bipartisan compromise panned by conservative advocates , sending it to the Senate , where it is expected to pass next week . He enthusiastically banged the gavel down and thundered the final tally -- 332-94 . Boehner said the proposal hammered out by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan and his Senate counterpart , Patty Murray , did n't achieve everything Republicans wanted . But it proposes to reduce the deficit , relax forced military and other spending cuts under so-called sequestration , avoid another government shutdown , and restore a semblance of order to the congressional budget process , which has become an area of recurring political crisis in Washington . House approves budget deal aimed at averting shutdown A push on immigration coming ? Pelosi said she was "  encouraged " by Boehner 's pushback . But when pressed if she thought Republicans would turn over a new leaf and begin working across party lines on other issues , she did n't sound convinced that much would change . "  Certainly not achieving this would not have been a good signal , but I do n't under or overestimate the power of this one event today , " Pelosi said . Immigration is one issue that has been stalled in the House over Republican divisions . Those pushing for comprehensive reform seized on Boehner 's posture to conservative advocates . "  Our lawmakers ' abilities to work across the aisle will continue to be crucial for us to overhaul our broken immigration system , " Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum , said . "  The budget vote displayed Speaker Boehner 's great willingness to work across the aisle and move forward on issues that have bipartisan support , " he said . But senior congressional GOP aides caution that Boehner 's comments this week did not signal a broader approach on legislation . California Republican Rep Darrell Issa told reporters he 's been working to bridge the partisan divide over immigration for the past 13 years , but he predicted any progress will remain elusive . "  I would love it if we could find acceptable middle ground in which nobody won but the American people on immigration reform . I do n't expect it . I 'm working for it but I do n't expect it after this many years , " he said . Texas GOP Rep Pete Sessions flat out rejected the notion this budget deal means a green light for major immigration legislation . "  I do n't see that this is now clear channel for us to then move immigration , no I do n't . I do n't think that 's what this was about , " he said . Not seeing eye-to-eye A test of whether Boehner will continue to confront conservative criticism looms on another fiscal fight next year - the debate over increasing the nation 's ability to borrow money to pay its bills -- or the debt limit . That issue has rallied fiscal hard liners and outside groups to demand new spending reductions and entitlement reforms , Boehner will certainly face another round of pressure to not compromise with Democrats . 5 reasons why Congress might  finally  pass a budget Why the move now to take on these groups ? Boehner did n't see eye-to - eye with many of them for some time , but has n't been willing to go public with his disagreements . Those close to the Speaker say his public comments were n't any different than what he 's been saying in closed-door meetings with Republican members . One senior House GOP leadership aide told CNN that once the attacks got personal , Boehner felt the need to fight back . The fact that conservative groups started attacking the budget deal before it was even announced particularly bothered Boehner , the aide said . Asserting authority Military retirees : You betrayed us , Congress At one point , Boehner acknowledged the power of these groups have had over House Republicans , saying "  they pushed us into the fight to defund Obamacare and shut down the government " in October . After Boehner 's comments on Thursday , the same groups he singled out showed no signs of backing down . "  I do n't think it 's for anyone in Washington to decide who has credibility , " Michael Needham of Heritage Action said in an interview with CNN . "  The American people have the right to be told different perspectives on a deal . We 're trying to have a policy disagreement with the deal that was cut , and that 's healthy . " Rubio , Paul , Cruz critical of budget deal	John Boehner blasted conservative groups this week over the budget He pushed through spending compromise that averts shutdown with big support Some hope Boehner 's planning to embrace more bipartisanship , especially on immigration But there are those who say Bohener is not changing his overall posture
The U.S. is not returning combat troops to Iraq , President Barack Obama insisted again Wednesday , despite the suggestion by his top general that option is something the Pentagon could consider . Speaking at U.S. Central Command in Florida , Obama said again that U.S. troops "  do not and will not have a combat mission " in Iraq against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  After a decade of massive ground deployments , it is more effective to use our unique capabilities in support of partners on the ground so they can secure their own countries ' futures , " he said . "  And that 's the only solution that will succeed over the long term . " "  As your commander in chief , I will not commit you and the rest of our armed forces to fighting another ground war in Iraq , " Obama told troops at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa . Rather , the U.S. forces will support Iraqi forces on the ground as the Iraqis fight ISIS , he said . "  When we do things alone and the countries -- the people of those countries -- are n't doing it for themselves , as soon as we leave , we start getting the same problems , " Obama said . Kerry : ` We will have enough allies ' Obama 's position was reiterated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee about the administration 's plan to defeat ISIS , the terror group that refers to itself as the Islamic State . Kerry also told the senators that a number of countries have agreed to contribute to the fight against the militants . Asked whether any of the nations agreed to put boots on the ground to fight ISIS , Kerry said no . However , Kerry confirmed that some of the countries have committed to carrying out airstrikes . He did not publicly identify the countries . "  We will have enough allies " for the military action needed to fight ISIS , he said . Kerry 's testimony before the Senate committee came at the same time the House approved Obama 's request to arm and train Syrian rebels to fight ISIS . The vote was 273 -156 , with significant opposition to the proposal in both parties . The proposal would authorize the Pentagon to provide assistance to "  appropriately vetted " members of the Syrian opposition and require the administration to give Congress a detailed plan for helping the rebels before that assistance could begin . The Senate vote on the proposal could come as early as Thursday . During the sometimes contentious Senate committee hearing , which broke mainly on partisan lines , Kerry defended the U.S. policy , saying he did not want to "  rehash " debates about the Gulf War and the Iraq War . "  The issue that confronts us today is one which  all should  be able to agree -- ISIL must be defeated . Period . End of Story , " he said . ISIS is also known as ISIL . What that fight will look like is still in question . Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told The Associated Press on Wednesday that foreign troops are "  out of the question . " "  The only contribution the American forces or the international coalition is going to help us with is from the sky , " al-Abadi told The AP . "  We are not giving any blank check to the international coalition to hit any target in Iraq . " Gen. Martin Dempsey 's recommendation The Prime Minister 's remarks came a day after Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told members of Congress he has n't ruled out recommending U.S. ground forces deploy to attack ISIS targets if the current air campaign in Iraq fails . "  To be clear , if we reach the point where I believe our advisers should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific ISIL targets , I will recommend that to the President , " Dempsey said . Top U.S. military officer : U.S. ground troops to fight ISIS , if necessary The hypothetical remark , which sources say was vetted by the White House beforehand , managed to undercut what Obama and his aides have been promising for weeks : that combat troops were out of the question for Iraq . The crossed wires come after a concerted White House effort to spell out a plan against ISIS terrorists , which itself was a response to the President 's frank admission late last month that he lacked a "  strategy " for dealing with ISIS in Syria . The vow to keep U.S. troops out of combat extends as far back as Obama 's presidential campaigns , which were run first on the promise to end the Iraq War , and four years later on the assurance that that era of American warfare was over . While three-quarters of Americans support airstrikes in Syria and Iraq , a majority still oppose any combat "  boots-on-the-ground " scenario . Obama : training and intelligence-gathering only When Obama addressed the nation last week , he made clear the American military advisers being deployed in Iraq "  will not have a combat mission " and would act in a training and intelligence-gathering capacity only . "  We will not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq , " he said in the remarks on September 10 . Officials are adamant that possibility remains out of the question and say Dempsey 's suggestion was using a hypothetical situation -- a practice rarely seen at the message-driven White House . Opinion : What an anti-ISIS strategy should look like While Dempsey could recommend deploying U.S. combat forces to Obama , the President will ultimately make military decisions himself . "  It 's the responsibility of the President 's military advisers to plan and consider all the wide range of contingencies , " press secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday . "  It 's also the responsibility of the commander in chief to set out a clear policy . And the President has been clear about what that policy is . " A spokesman for Dempsey , Col. Ed Thomas , said the Joint Chiefs chairman "  does n't believe there is a military requirement for our advisers to accompany Iraqi forces into combat . " "  The context of this discussion was focused on how our forces advise the Iraqis and was not a discussion of employing US ground combat units in Iraq , " he wrote in a statement . Strategy questions Tuesday is n't the first time the White House 's aim for clarity has fallen short . Obama 's frank admission late last month the United States lacked a "  strategy " for combating ISIS in Syria drew sharp criticism , leading to his eventual prime-time address announcing the potential for airstrikes in the country . The goals cited by the administration in battling ISIS have similarly drawn some confusion , going from reducing the force to a "  manageable problem " to "  degrading and ultimately destroying " the terrorists . Opponents of the President quickly accused the administration of muddying the message . "  First of all , the President is just flat not telling the truth , " Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , said on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " "  We already have boots on the ground there . He knows we have to have boots on the ground . Let 's admit we 're in a war . "	House approves Obama 's request to train and arm Syrian rebels to fight ISIS Kerry tells Senate committee that no countries have agreed to put boots on the ground Report : Iraq 's PM says foreign troops are "  put of the question " President : It 's more effective for the United States to support partners on the ground
CNN  -- Patrick Reed became the youngest player to win a World Golf Championship event Sunday as the 23-year-old Texan held on for a one-shot victory in the Cadillac Championship in Florida . Dressed in the trademark red of the previous record holder Tiger Woods , Reed carded a level par 72 at Doral to total four-under 284 . Welshman Jamie Donaldson and Bubba Watson tied for second , while Woods re-aggravated his back injury as he limped home with a six-over 78 to leave him tied for 25th . The world number one had started the day only three back of Reed after a brilliant third round 66 , but did not make a birdie for only the eighth time in his career . With the first major of the season looming at Augusta , Woods will be hoping to make a quick recovery and be able to play in the Arnold Palmer Invitational in two weeks time . Reed is the latest young gun to challenge the established order and it was his third victory on the PGA Tour in the last 14 starts although by far the biggest with a winning check of $ 1,530,000 . He was not short on confidence either in his victory television interview : "  I have three wins on the PGA Tour , " he said . "  You do n't see a lot of guys that have done that . I feel I 'm one of the top five players in the world . " A bold statement , but Reed 's wire to wire victory was certainly impressive and he opened up a four-shot lead around the turn on the Blue Monster . But as Donaldson and former Masters winner Watson began to make up ground , Reed started to struggle , bogeying the 15th to give his rivals hope . A brilliant par save on 17th gave him breathing space , with Donaldson bogeying the last to go back into a tie in the clubhouse with Watson on three under . Reed could afford to bogey the last as he completed another memorable victory on only his second year on the PGA Tour . Other big names as well as Woods also struggled and former number one Rory McIlroy , who challenged at halfway , finished with a 74 to leave himself on the five over mark . "  On the greens I did n't get anything going with the putter and anytime I missed the green I did n't really get anything going , " McIlroy moaned . World number two Adam Scott also finished tied 25th at five over , having gone into the $ 9 million event with hopes of leap frogging Woods .	Patrick Reed claims WGC-Cadillac Championship 23-year-old Texan winning for third time on PGA Tour Tiger Woods ' challenge fizzles out on final day Jamie Donaldson and Bubba Watson tied for second
CNN  -- Two new Pokémon games , "  Pokémon X " and "  Pokémon Y , " have taken the gaming world by storm , selling more than 4 million units globally in their first two days of availability , and tracking to become the fastest-selling games of all time for the handheld Nintendo 3DS . Not bad for a franchise that got its start in 1996 on the Nintendo Game Boy handheld console . But the president of the Pokémon Company said the new games stay true to their roots of bringing people together to play while offering a new blueprint for the universe of pocket monsters . "  From the beginning , communication between players has been the primary goal for the Pokémon brand , " Tsunekazu Ishihara told CNN . "  Today , the ability to connect millions of people around the world via Wi-Fi is why launching ` Pokémon X ' and ` Pokémon Y ' simultaneously worldwide was an ambitious yet important goal . " Since debuting in video and card games , Pokemon has become a cultural phenomenon across the globe . There have been cartoons , cereals and a feature-length film , not to mention the national and global tournaments that draw thousands of players . "  Got ta catch 'em all " is the franchise 's catch phrase , referring to the player 's goal of catching and training the tiny monsters to compete against other players . That 's gotten significantly harder , though , with the expansion to more than 700 different known creatures in the universe . Unlike previous titles that were named after colors , "  Pokémon X " and "  Pokémon Y " represent a more analytical way of developing the games for The Pokémon Company and Nintendo . Ishihara said it required designers to understand that not all Pokémon gamers play for the same reasons . "  X and Y represent the X-axis and the Y-axis , but not in a scientific sense , " he said . "  Each person 's thought process , though different , tends to intersect somewhere . I 'd like to think this commonality or intersection occurs when people of diverse backgrounds play ` Pokémon X ' and ` Pokémon Y ' together . " Developers also included a new transformation ability called Mega Evolution . As Pokémon battle and gain experience , they evolve into stronger forms of themselves with improved skills and stats . Mega Evolution allows the creature to temporarily become stronger in battle . Here 's the catch : not all Pokémon can Mega Evolve . "  This  requires players to use new strategies while they play , taking the brand to a new dimension , " Ishihara said . "  This is yet another reason we chose titles that were theoretical instead of names based on colors or precious stones . " Keeping the franchise fresh for fans while making it accessible to a new audience is important to Ishihara . Pokémon is the second-best-selling gaming franchise in the world , trailing only the "  Mario " series . Recognizing that its place in video game history is assured , Ishihara said new technology allows designers to do things with Pokemon they could n't do in previous titles . "  Maintaining a balance of familiarity and innovation is important , " he said . "  Ever-evolving technology helps maintain that balance , because we can progress aspects of the game that people enjoy already and add things like new communication features that could only be imagined five , ten years ago . " "  We feel this balance is key to the franchise 's success and longevity . In ` Pokémon X ' and ` Pokémon Y , ' I think we do an excellent job of introducing the basics of the game to the player in a natural way , building their understanding step after step , all while ensuring the pacing allows the longtime fan to jump in and progress quickly to the more challenging portions of the gameplay . " The two new titles represent the franchise 's first foray onto the Nintendo 3DS handheld console . The visual enhancements give players the opportunity to see their favorites move and interact in ways they never could before . The technical abilities of the 3DS let players see their favorite moves and interactions in new ways , as well as play with other gamers around the world . Ishihara said in late December that a new cloud service called Pokémon Bank would let players move their creatures back and forth between games -- a service fans have been asking for for many years . "  We have to stick to the core of the franchise -- the collecting , battling and trading -- while at the same time we have to take advantage of the new technology and the evolution of the hardware to expand on the aspect of communication , " he said . "  We also need to make sure that it 's fun and rewarding to do each of these things . It 's not an easy task . " Despite the advancements in technology , improvements to the look and intense level of fan interest , Ishihara believes that the franchise 's simple , original goal -- to bring people together -- works as well today as it did 17 years ago . "  The Pokémon universe is incredibly fun and diverse , and like the world we all live in , continues to surprise and excite us , " he said . "  I 'm really excited to continue working to connect people in ways we only dreamed about when we first started . There is still so much to discover , so many Pokémon to find . " Got ta catch 'em all indeed .	"  Pokemon X " and "  Pokemon Y " are the franchise 's first games for the Nintendo 3DS The games sold 4 million copies in their first two days Pokemon president says games were designed for both new and seasoned players A new "  Pokemon Bank " will let players move creatures from game to game
CNN  -- Liverpool have secured the biggest sponsorship deal in the English Premier League club 's history after they announced a four-year deal with Standard Chartered Bank . Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish and managing director Christian Purslow confirm the new sponsorship deal . The Reds have confirmed that the bank will replace current sponsors Carlsberg at the start of the 2010-11 season , ending a 17-year association with the Reds , for the beer maker . The figure for the sponsorship has not be disclosed but reports in British newspaper The Guardian suggest the deal is worth $ 133 million . Liverpool managing director Christian Purslow spoke of his delight on sealing the sponsorship agreement for the Anfield-based side . "  I am tremendously excited - it 's a hugely important day in the history of Liverpool FC , " he told the club 's official Web site . "  This is the largest commercial agreement we have ever entered into . To have attracted a partner of the caliber of Standard Chartered Bank says everything about where we are trying to take this football club . "  They operate in a number of markets around the world where we have a long term plan to increase the family of Liverpool fans and this agreement will be very helpful to us in doing that . " Purslow added : "  Many branches in these countries will effectively be a shop window for Liverpool FC and a means of attracting more supporters to the cause . "  We aspire to be the best at what we do on and off the field . This is the first commercial agreement the club has entered into which can truly be described as the best of its kind in world football . "  I hope this tells everyone , especially our fans , what we are trying to do with this football club in the future . " The move follows Liverpool 's American owners , George Gillett and Tom Hicks , concluding a deal in July to re-finance a $ 380 million bank loan they took out to buy the club in 2007 . Plans to develop a new 60,000-seater stadium at a cost of $ 580 million were shelved due to the recession in 2008 by the club , despite planning permission being granted by the local city council .	Liverpool announce a new sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank The means the end of the Reds 17-year association with brewers Carlsberg Liverpool will carry the bank 's name on their shirts at the start of the 2010/11 The deal is reported to be worth approximately $ 133 million to the club
CNN  -- A slew of weather warnings and watches extended Tuesday from northeastern Texas to southern Maine as a stalled frontal system threatened some areas with heavy snow and others with significant rain . The National Weather Service said snow is likely in southern New England and the northern Mid-Atlantic states . Flash floods are possible in parts of the Southeast . Traveling conditions in several states have already become precarious . More than 170 departing flights from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport were canceled due to freezing rain at destinations throughout the South . Find your forecast In Louisiana , police in DeSoto Parish had responded to at least 20 incidents , many on Interstate 49 . Lt. Donnie Barber of the sheriff 's office said there were no reports of life-threatening injuries . According to the Louisiana Transportation Department , more than 18 miles of Interstate 220 near Shreveport were closed . Many bridges in northern Mississippi were iced over , said Brett Carr , a spokesman with that state 's emergency management agency . Carr added that several hundred power customers in Greenville , near the Mississippi River , were in the dark . Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant issued a state of emergency "  for all counties impacted by the freezing rain , flooding and severe weather . " Tennessee also has issued a state of emergency for areas affected by the weather . The state 's emergency operations center was calling in staff to monitor power outages and assist counties with roadways , said Dean Flener , a spokesman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency . The state of emergency allows local governments to call on aid from the state . The Tennessee Valley Authority said it was taking the unusual flood-prevention measure of spilling 1.5 million gallons of water per second through the Kentucky Dam near Paducah from the Tennessee River into the Ohio River . The dam usually puts out 400,000 gallons per second , a spokesman said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 18 miles of interstate closed in one section on Louisiana A stalled front brings snow , ice , heavy rain and possible flooding Nearly 200 flights are canceled at Dallas airport Parts of Mississippi are under a state of emergency
CNN  -- I was born 70 years ago this spring in the Bronx in New York City . In the years I 've lived , more than 500,000 Americans have died and almost 1 million have been wounded in at least 15 U.S. military conflicts . Some wars were long and cost a great deal in lives and treasure , such as World War II and the Vietnam War ; others were short and cheap , such as the invasion of Grenada in 1983 . Americans are being killed and wounded today in Afghanistan in a war that has lasted 12 years , the longest in U.S. history . And now some in Congress and elsewhere are calling for U.S. military action in Syria and Iran . One thing you can count on : Every U.S. military intervention takes surprising turns and is beset by unexpected problems . Victory looks a lot easier in the planning stages than it does once the bullets and bombs are flying . When I was born in 1943 , the United States had 12 million men and women under arms and -- with its allies -- was beginning to swing the fortunes of war in Europe and the Pacific against the Axis powers . World War II was a "  good war , " a necessary horror that prevented the even worse horror of fascism taking over the world . The U.S. has more than 60,000 service personnel fighting the last vestiges of the war in Afghanistan . This is a war that began with a necessary mission -- to remove the Taliban regime that gave refuge and support to the terrorist organization responsible for the deaths of thousands of Americans . Over time , however , the mission was transformed into a much broader and far more difficult imperative -- to bring effective governance and security to Afghanistan . That is a mission of choice , not necessity . The United States has been at war in the greater Middle East more or less continuously since the early 1980s . In 1982 , the U.S. put a small force in Lebanon to facilitate the withdrawal of Palestine Liberation Organization forces from Beirut during the Israeli occupation . Over time the mission grew , and the U.S. became involved in the Lebanese civil war . The U.S. Embassy was bombed , along with the Marine Barracks , with the loss of 241 American lives . The situation continued to escalate until President Ronald Reagan had the wisdom to withdraw American forces from a conflict getting rapidly out of hand . All too soon , the U.S. was back at war in the Middle East . It skirmished with Iranian forces through much of the 1980s . In the 1990s , the U.S. and its allies liberated Kuwait and established no-fly zones over , and conducted strikes against , Iraq . In the current century , the United States fought in Afghanistan and invaded Iraq and put down an insurgency there . Reasonable people can disagree about the wisdom of U.S. actions in each of these situations , but they were all wars of choice , not of necessity . Too often , decisions to intervene militarily were founded on incomplete or erroneous information , the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq being a case in point . Each of the U.S. military interventions in the Middle East has evolved in unexpected ways . Only rarely have U.S. political leaders had the discipline to stick to the original mission . Today Syria looks very similar to Lebanon in the early 1980s in its complexity of ethnic , religious , political and clan conflicts . Yet some in Congress want the U.S. to arm the rebels or enforce no-fly zones . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , has even argued for American "  boots on the ground " to protect Syria 's chemical weapons from terrorists . The U.S. may go into Syria with limited aims , but the risk of unforeseen consequences would be grave . Others argue America should go to war with Iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons , but no one can predict with certainty how effective that would be or how it might evolve . Most experts believe decisive action would require a concerted air campaign lasting weeks . Leaders of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps have said they would adopt guerrilla tactics if Iran was attacked . If Iran 's commandoes attacked U.S. forces or installations in the region , or those of U.S. allies , how many incidents would it take before the United States decided to replace the regime in Tehran -- the only sure way to end the conflict ? As I look back at U.S. military involvements in my lifetime , I see many wars in which America accomplished great things -- defending vital U.S. interests or sacrificing in defense of international law . There may be such necessary cases in the future , such as honoring the U.S. commitment to defend South Korea . But I also see wars in which the United States blundered into complicated situations with disastrous results for the country and for others . America 's leaders should learn from the country 's previous military involvements . They should not casually initiate conflict with only limited understanding of complex situations . It 's past time for greater caution in commitments of U.S. military forces , particularly in the Middle East . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barry Blechman .	Since Barry Blechman was born 70 years ago , America has engaged in at least 15 wars To name a few : Lebanon , Gulf War , Bosnia , Vietnam , Korea , Afghanistan and Iraq , he says Blechman : Missions take surprising turns ; U.S. gets more involved and ca n't get out He warns we must not call for military action in Syria or Iran without very serious thought
CNN  -- Here 's an airline safety video passengers might actually watch . Air New Zealand has published another in its recent series of "  Hobbit " - themed videos , complete with cameos by director Peter Jackson and Elijah Wood , star of the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy . The slick , 4-minute clip , cheekily titled "  The Most Epic Safety Video Ever Made , " features costumed figures from the "  Hobbit " movies cavorting in a mountainous Middle-earth like setting while urging passengers to buckle seat belts , use oxygen masks and so on . Shot in New Zealand , the video also is a not-so-subtle plug for the third and final film in Jackson 's "  Hobbit " trilogy -- "  The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies , " set for worldwide release in December . It 's also latest example of a creative push by airlines to make in-flight safety videos more entertaining so that passengers wo n't ignore them . Delta , for example , released a playful , '80s - themed video in January , its fourth new safety video in two years . Air New Zealand 's first "  Hobbit " - themed video two years ago earned almost 12 million views on YouTube . .	Air New Zealand publishes "  Hobbit " - themed safety video Clip stars Peter Jackson , Elijah Wood Four-minute video was shot on location in New Zealand
San Diego , California  CNN  -- At last , a Wisconsin mother and her long-lost son met Saturday for the first time since her estranged husband spirited him away to Mexico more than 30 years ago . It was an emotional reunion in the San Diego airport , heightened by the fact that the mother speaks only English and her 37-year-old son only Spanish . David Amaya Barrick , whose father took him across the border at about age 2 from Chicago , was biting his nails just before his mother , Kathy Amaya , now 60 , appeared before him in the airport . They embraced , hugged and kissed -- the first time they 've laid eyes on each other in about 35 years . The son spoke in Spanish : "  I love you and I missed you a lot . I welcome you into my life . " The mother declared to her son : "  I love you and I 'm very happy to see you and I 'm not going to let you go . " Later , the son told reporters that he was at a loss of words . The mother remarked : "  He 's all grown up . " Abducted son reunites with father after 13 years The mother and son will spend a few days in San Diego getting to know each other again . They will do so during long strolls along the beach , they said . Then they will travel Tuesday to her home in Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin , where they will enjoy Thanksgiving together . Kathy Amaya , an assistant housekeeper at a hotel , has four adult children who are half-siblings to David Amaya . Two of those adult children live with Kathy Amaya . Saturday 's journey to see her son also marked another milestone in Kathy Amaya 's life : It was the first time she ever flew in a plane . The separation between mother and son spanned 1,800 miles and lasted more than 30 years . The mother counts the absence as 35 years , the son as 34 years -- an exact figure to be certainly figured out while they get reacquainted . The family saga then took a dramatic turn by how David Amaya was discovered : He was arrested illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border at Imperial Beach , California , on October 30 . The U.S. Border Patrol thought he and a Mexican national were smugglers because they were in the company of six Romanian nationals . They were all arrested after crossing a flood control tunnel frequented by intravenous drug users and polluted by human waste . Bandits had earlier robbed David Amaya of his money and cell phone , leaving him only the clothes he was wearing . David Amaya did n't even have any identification cards on him . At first , he said he was a Mexican national , and then , as if he summoned a distant memory , he told Border Patrol agents that he was a U.S. citizen born in Chicago . Freed Iranian journalist , ` proud ' son dream of a reunion Border Patrol agents checked out his story and indeed found his birth certificate -- as well as his mother , in Wisconsin . Complicating the drama are the conflicting parental accounts about the son 's relocation to San Luis Potosi , Mexico , where he was raised by paternal grandparents . Kathy Amaya said her estranged husband took the boy to Mexico without her permission and would n't return him . She mailed letters to the grandparents in San Luis Potosi , but those notes were never answered , she said . More recently , she searched for her son under the name "  David Amaya " for years on social media , but she never knew that he was using her maiden name -- Barrick -- as part of his full name , a common practice in Latin America . Her estranged husband , who has n't made himself available for comment , told their son that his mother abandoned him at an orphanage because she did n't love him , David Amaya said . But after the father put the boy in the grandparents ' care , "  he almost never spent time with me , " David Amaya said . At one point , the mother nearly lost all hope of ever seeing her son again , unable to make contact with him , she said . When the couple divorced in 1986 , they did n't settle on child custody , so police were unable to help her , she said . David Amaya will spend the holidays with his mother in Wisconsin for a month , and he hopes to speak with his father about what really happened to him when he was 2 or 3 years old . Then David Amaya will return to San Diego to build a new life . He was a drummer in a band in Mexico and now likes San Diego 's proximity to Mexico and its cultural atmosphere . Moreover , he 's taken a liking to a local church pastor , Freddy Rivas , who has helped Amaya with food and shelter since the Border Patrol released him this month . Amaya was recently baptized at the church . While in Mexico , he married and divorced , and his ex-wife and their two children live in Mexico City . As he makes a new home in San Diego , he says he will recount his life by writing a book .	Mother tell her long-lost son : "  I love you and ... and I 'm not going to let you go . " Her son , now 37 , tells her in Spanish : "  I love you and I missed you a lot . " David Amaya Barrick was taken from Chicago to Mexico as a boy by his father He is discovered to be a U.S. citizen while illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border
Syria 's civil war is not America 's problem . Syria is surrounded by Turkey , Israel , Egypt , Jordan , and other Arab nations with large standing armies and advanced military equipment . Their cowardice in acting to stop a war on their doorstep should give us pause for thought . Why will they not act , but we must ? Why is American gullibility for war so strong that countries such as Saudi Arabia , Turkey , and Israel can dispense of their moral duties to the American taxpayer ? Make no mistake about it : al Assad is a war criminal , having had his own civilians and soldiers slaughtered in a war to keep his family in power . The sectarian , ethnic , and religious dimensions of the war have kept the Obama administration  rightly in my view  away from direct military involvement in the conflict . But what has changed now ? The use of chemical weapons to kill people jolts us into probable action , but millions displaced , wounded and 100,000 dead did not . Why ? Because the banality of the policy shift rests on the assumptions that American cruise missiles can prevent further use of chemical weapons , provide a face-saving measure for President Barack Obama who can argue that he acted after his "  red line " had been crossed in Syria , and neuter critics of Obama 's Syria policy . There is no absolute certainty as to whether al Assad used chemical weapons , or rebel factions did . Al Assad has no credible motivation to use these weapons at this stage , and in this phase of the conflict . He is not losing . If , as the Russians claim , it was al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusrah group or Free Syrian Army elements that used weapons to bait America into the conflict , then U.S. firepower would be futile in establishing how a ragtag army and terrorists obtained chemical weapons . No amount of surgical strikes on government facilities will prevent non-state actors from further use of these weapons . What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? But if we believe that al Assad used these weapons , and launch punitive attacks on Syria , what exactly are we targeting ? The secretive and globally isolated nature of the Assad regime and therefore his chemical stockpiles means that we do not know where these are located . We intervened in Libya with greater confidence because Gadhafi 's chemical weapons were mostly eliminated by an international inspection arrangement prior to the Arab uprisings . By bombing Syria now we increase the risk of al Assad using chemical weapons on populations and cities that are not under government control , or to quell new rebellions . Damaging his air force and known military installation would force him to consider his more extreme options for regime survival . Syria is now a fight to the death for both sides . U.S.-led military strikes in Syria will not change the tide of the war . That is not the mission , nor is it achievable by aerial blitzing . The Syrian opposition is not a government in waiting . It is too fragmented ideologically , overwrought by al Qaeda affiliates , deeply anti-American , and dominated by suburban fighters with little control of major cities , mercenaries who are not committed to peaceful coexistence with Syria 's religious Christians , nor its Jewish neighbor . Syria after al Assad will be worse . A new civil war will break out between opposition factions . By bombing Syria today , we bear the burden of the instability we leave in our wake . President Obama imprudently mentioned a "  red line " in Syria and is now hostage to fortune . The president has changed his policy stance on using illegal wire taps , closing Guantanamo Bay , gay marriage , and more . Opinion : 5 reasons the U.S. must intervene in Syria The heat of the moment and push from the chattering classes to "  do something " without knowing what will consume Obama into another Middle East war . He beat Hillary Clinton as an anti-Iraq war candidate . By intervening , Syria may well prove to be Obama 's war , bequeathed to a new president in 2016 . Civilian casualties are inevitable : The images on our screens will not be Syrians using chemical weapons to kill each other , but American bombs creating carnage and killings in yet another Muslim country .	Sectarian , ethnic , and religious dimensions have kept the U.S. away from direct involvement , writes Ed Husain He asks : If punitive attacks on Syria are launched , what exactly are we targeting ? By bombing Syria today , we bear the burden of the instability we leave in our wake , he says
CNN  -- Pressure is mounting on Republicans to address spreading public protests against Wall Street . How they answer could shape the political landscape from here to the November elections . Republicans have n't had to pay much attention to Occupy Wall Street till now -- they could afford to sniff that the crowds in Zuccotti Park looked more like Woodstock than Wall Street . But as demonstrations have sprung up across the U.S. and Europe , reverberating through social media and gaining more serious attention from mainstream media , politicians must pay more attention . President Obama and fellow Democrats have already leapt to the support of protesters . The cries of frustration and anger from the streets dovetail perfectly with the president 's own shift leftward , populist stance , efforts to blame the rich for America 's economic woes , and demands that they pay higher taxes . So perfect is the fit that some conservatives suspect that Democratic partisans are quietly fueling the protests . There are legitimate questions as to whether the president is ill serving the national interest by whipping up antagonism toward the wealthy , especially the financial services industry . Until recently , many influential Democrats  such as Sen. Chuck Schumer  joined Republicans in believing that Wall Street , serving as the financial capital of the world , was one of the nation 's top assets . Yes , it became too greedy and reckless and needed tougher government scrutiny , but its vitality should be preserved . Soon after taking office , Obama summoned bankers and told them he was all that was standing between them and people with pitchforks . Today , many in New York believe the president has now taken up a pitchfork himself . What impact this alienation will have on voting behavior remains uncertain , but clearly , the president and his team believe it will help them in 2012 . What better way to change the storyline for the elections ? Wall Street demonstrations start second month That raises the question : How will Republicans rise to the challenge ? How will they frame the argument about the protesters and their underlying issues ? Some in the GOP hope the protesters will disappear with the first frost , taking the controversy with them . Perhaps that will happen : They are not as well-organized nor do they have as clear an agenda as the tea partiers , so they may not be able to sustain themselves . Even if the protesters melt away , however , it appears they have already achieved an important goal : They have put income inequality on the national agenda . Yawning gaps between the top 1 % versus the other 99 % have been simmering as a political issue for a long time , stretching back before the Great Recession . But most middle-class Americans have n't seriously objected , whether because their sense of their current income was skewed , or because they expected they 'd strike it rich one day themselves .  One poll from 2000 showed that no less than 19 % considered themselves in the top 1 % -- and another 20 % on top of that expected they would be soon . All that has changed now . Most Americans feel stuck , they think their kids will be worse off than they are , and they are increasingly angry . A Time magazine poll this week found that by 54 % to 23 % , the public approves of protests on Wall Street and beyond ; by contrast , opinion about the tea party now runs 33 % negative versus 27 % positive . So the GOP likely ca n't duck addressing inequality . Newt Gingrich last week voiced sympathy for those protesting who are truly suffering . But one would think that GOP candidates would go well beyond and frankly recognize , as Alan Greenspan and some other Republicans have , that massive inequality and a lack of upward mobility are destructive to a democracy . Perhaps they do n't agree , but if so , they are living in a darker past than we all thought . The evidence of yawning inequalities is now plentiful . Here are just a few factoids : -- Between 1977 and 2007 , the top 1 % earners ' share of national income jumped from roughly 9 % to 23.5 % , a level only bested once in our history -- in 1928 . -- The CEO-to-worker pay ratio has also skyrocketed : At the start of the 1980s , CEOs made roughly 40 times as much as bottom-rung workers ; by 2010 , they took home between 300 and 400 times as much . -- The divergence is even greater among the super-rich : The top 0.1 %  roughly 150,000 families  now make roughly 10 % of the nation 's total income -- so they 're pulling away even from the rest of the rich themselves . These stats are jarring , but they 're not enough . If poor Americans had a nickel for every statistic that 's been trotted out to diagnose the issue in the past year , we would n't have to worry about income inequality anymore . The hard question -- now put to the Republican free marketers , who have owned the political dialogue of late -- is what to do to narrow the inequality gap . Presumably -- and this is a logical position -- Republican candidates would oppose lowering the ceiling on the rich , preferring to lift the floor for everyone else . But that is easier said than done . First of all , even our most optimistic economists are not projecting anything above fairly modest growth over the next few years -- no game changers there . But moreover , to fall back on the single mantra of more growth as the elixir simply does n't hack it anymore : In the new normal , a rising tide does n't lift all boats . With massive structural changes like globalization and technology reorienting the economy , many -- particularly in rich , developed countries like our own -- find themselves mired in the mud , while others have super-duper motors that let them run off into the sunset . So , what 's a good Republican to do to lift floors ? Heaven forbid , some forms of government intervention may actually be necessary . That 's , at least , what Ronald Reagan concluded . He became a champion of an earned income tax credit , helping to raise the income of people willing to work for meager wages . Bill Clinton expanded the Reagan program and it proved a powerful tool in closing the inequality gap in the mid-90s . If Reagan and Clinton could agree on a successful tactic to help more families enter the middle class , ca n't today 's Republicans come up with imaginative new approaches ? The issue , as most of us agree , is not really inequality so much as it is mobility , or opportunity . The vast majority of Americans -- and the presidential hopefuls on stage are certainly among them -- do n't want to live in a society where everyone is held equally low ; they want to live in a society where everyone has a fair opportunity to climb high . That 's a moral issue as much as economic one , and our political leaders are ultimately judged not just by the way they lift the GDP , but by the way they lift the moral life of their country . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : GOP has ignored Occupy Wall St so far , but it has to tackle those issues Democrats have taken on the populist notion of income inequality , they say Americans getting more angry with huge gap between the top 1 % versus the 99 % , they say Writers : GOP must address inequality , face reality that rising tide no longer lifts all boats
CNN  -- Daniel Radcliffe has blown the Internet 's collective mind , but this time not with his acting . No , it 's his rap skills that took everyone by surprise on Tuesday night 's "  Tonight Show . " The 25-year-old actor was on the program to promote his new movie "  Horns , " and talk turned to his love of music . Radcliffe 's a known fan of hip-hop and counts Eminem as one of his favorite artists . "  I was the first kid in my class to learn ` The Real Slim Shady , ' " Radcliffe told host Jimmy Fallon . "  I 've always had an obsession with memorizing  lyrically  complicated , intricate and fast songs . " But it was n't a Slim Shady track that Fallon asked him to perform -- it was Blackalicious ' tongue-twisting "  Alphabet Aerobics . " When Fallon handed Radcliffe the mic , the actor calmly slipped out of his jacket and began to give a jaw-dropping performance without breaking a sweat or stumbling over a line . The reaction ? Total shock . "  Daniel Radcliffe rapping Blackalicious on @FallonTonight is one of my top five favorite things that have ever happened on this planet , " said one viewer . "  Alert : Daniel Radcliffe is rapping in an American accent on #FallonTonight and it is AMAZING , " tweeted another . If Radcliffe can write as well as he can rap , he just might have an album in his future .	Daniel Radcliffe blew everyone away on "  The Tonight Show " The actor showed that he can rap He 's a known fan of the art form
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Four American teenagers , all children of U.S. military personnel , have been arrested on charges of attempted murder after a woman was knocked off her motorbike with rope strung across two poles , Japanese police said . The four suspects -- two 15-year-old boys , a 17-year-old girl and an 18-year-old man -- were taken into custody on Saturday , the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department said . They are accused of causing a severe head injury to a 23-year-old restaurant employee by stringing a rope between poles across a road . U.S. Forces Japan was informed of the August incident in late October , a public information officer said . There was no clear explanation for the delay in the handover of the suspects to police , other than it involved rules between Washington and Tokyo covering U.S. forces and their dependents in Japan . The U.S. military presence and its impact on Japanese residents have been a thorny issue over the years . Most recently , residents of the Japanese island of Okinawa , where the U.S. maintains a large military presence , have blamed American troops for crime and noise . In 2008 , a 14-year-old Okinawa girl alleged that a Marine had raped her . The prosecutor released the Marine after the girl decided not to pursue charges . In 1995 , a 12-year-old girl was gang-raped by three servicemen . A Japanese court convicted all three men . Both incidents caused a furor in Japan . Then-Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda called the 2008 incident "  unforgivable ... It has happened over and over again in the past and I take it as a grave case . " It is unclear what , if any , role the military can take in the case . The 1960 Status of Forces Agreement between the United States and Japan gives Japan jurisdiction over "  the members of the United States armed forces , the civilian component , and their dependents " in cases of offenses committed in Japan and punishable under Japanese law . The agreement also says the United States must cooperate in investigating such offenses . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	Suspects range in age from 15 to 18 years of age They are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road A restaurant employee , 23 , received a severe head injury Incident occurred in August , follows other crimes connected to U.S. military personnel
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Pop superstar Rihanna has been ordered to cover up by a Christian farmer who took exception to her "  inappropriate behavior " while filming a music video on his land . The controversy has erupted in Northern Ireland and was even discussed Tuesday by lawmakers in the province 's elected Assembly in Belfast . Rihanna , who was born in Barbados but has Irish ancestry , is in Northern Ireland this week for sold-out shows at Belfast 's Odyssey Arena . The 23-year-old had been given permission to film a video for the song "  We Found Love " in a muddy barley field owned by farmer Alan Graham outside Bangor , about 10 miles from Belfast . Graham explained Tuesday , "  I did n't know who was coming . If the name ` Rihanna ' had been mentioned , well , no disrespect , but it would n't have meant anything . " However , he says that when he went to get his tractor Monday and saw the singer stripping down to a bikini top , he stepped in to end the shoot . The local political representative said he "  asked the film crew to stop , and they did . " Graham insisted that "  there were no hard feelings . " He added : "  I had a conversation with Rihanna ; we shook hands ; we parted company on good terms . I found her very gracious , and I hope she understands where I 'm coming from . I wish her well . " Word had quickly spread of Rihanna 's surprise appearance in the Northern Irish countryside , and traffic came to a standstill as fans attempted to catch a glimpse of the star . Graham 's wife shed more light on the incident Tuesday , revealing that Rihanna had gone topless . Said Mrs. Graham , who declined to give her first name , "  What she was doing became more inappropriate . When she started to go topless , that 's what Alan was particularly objecting to -- things were getting out of hand . There was a man as well , and the behavior was getting more inappropriate . ... It was n't the sort of thing Alan wanted young people  those watching  to see on his land . We are Christians . " However , Mrs. Graham added : "  The girl was very nice ; she shook hands with Alan several times " after he asked for the filming to stop . Not to be deterred , Rihanna was back filming again in Belfast on Tuesday . But the controversy of the sexy shoot in the barley field rumbled on -- and even made it onto the agenda at the Northern Ireland Assembly . Graham is a local representative with the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party  formerly led by Protestant preacher the Rev. Ian Paisley  , and the Rihanna row led to a light-hearted exchange between lawmakers in the Northern Ireland Assembly on Tuesday . Mike Nesbitt , of rival pro-British party the Ulster Unionists , addressed Democratic Unionist leader Peter Robinson , Northern Ireland 's first minister . Nesbitt said , "  I wonder if the first minister has had an opportunity to assess the potential damage from the news that the pop icon Rihanna was foiled in her filming ambitions yesterday , which I believe were no more sinister than appearing in a field in red , white and blue . "  The latter are the colors of the British flag as well as the American one  . Robinson replied , "  I 'm pretty sure there was no problem with the colors involved ! " Robinson had just been telling the Assembly of his recent trade mission to the United States to encourage Hollywood studios to make more movies in Northern Ireland .	Pop singer was filming "  We Found Love " video on farm outside Belfast Farmer asked film crew to stop after he spotted Rihanna strip to bikini top His wife says the Barbados-born singer actually went topless Province 's lawmakers even discussed the controversy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- First came the iPhone . Then , there was the "  iFart " flatulence noise download . Now , there 's "  Pull My Finger " -- and next could come the lawsuits . A Florida-based company has accused a Colorado competitor in federal court of trademark infringement and unfair business practices over the phrase "  Pull My Finger . " The dispute began after the makers of iFart began using phrase "  pull my finger " in advertisements for their products . Air-o-Matic , based in Jacksonville , Florida , and Colorado-based InfoMedia , Inc. , both offer a range of competing software applications , or "  apps , " that subscribers can download into their multitasking cell phones . Users can make calls , listen to music , browse the Internet and play games on the devices . Individual "  apps " cost a dollar and up , and can be used to get directions , read restaurant reviews and make funny noises . Enter the flatulence sound app , which both companies offer to customers . Air-o-Matic says its app , "  Pull My Finger " has a unique brand identity that its competitor has infringed . It wants $ 50,000 from Infomedia to settle the dispute and may sue in federal court . In a formal complaint filed in a Denver , Colorado , federal court , however , InfoMedia says the phrase is a common "  descriptive " term used in its advertising and can not be trademarked . The company wants a judge to step in now , before any lawsuit is filed , and allow it to continue to use the phrase . According to InfoMedia 's legal filing , its iFart app "  boasts a number of unique features including a built-in security system designed to aurally surprise and discourage iPhone theft . iFart also features a "  Sneak Attack " function using a timer that emits the sound of flatulence when it goes off , the company says , and can also be used as a prank to an unsuspecting person . Joel Conn , founder of Infomedia , said on his own blog that his app is a "  cultural phenomenon . " The company claims there are about 75 different flatulence simulation software applications . There was no word on when a judge might rule on the complaint .	Company files complaint over use of "  pull my finger " for iPhone application Maker of "  Pull My Finger " wants company making "  iFart " to stop using phrase Company wants $ 50,000 to settle the dispute , may sue in federal court Other company says phrase is common , can not be trademarked
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Palestinians hurled rocks and burned tires in several neighborhoods in East Jerusalem Tuesday to protest the reopening of a landmark synagogue after more than 60 years . Officers dispersed the crowd by firing stun grenades in one area , and village elders helped end the riots in another , said police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld . At least seven people in the Mount of Olives neighborhood were wounded when police fired rubber bullets . In all , 91 people were wounded in the clashes , the Palestinian Red Crescent Society said . About 3,000 officers were deployed in the city after the militant group Hamas declared Tuesday a "  Day of Rage . " The group was protesting the reopening of the Hurva synagogue on Monday . However , rumors swirled that right-wing groups were planning to ascend the Temple Mount , where al-Aqsa Mosque is located . Senior Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal , in a speech Monday in Syria , called on Palestinians to take to the street to protect Jerusalem and its Islamic and Christian shrines . The Palestinian Authority suggested Israel was "  preventing citizens from reaching the Old City ... to pray in al-Aqsa Mosque , as part of increasing provocative policies violating international law and human rights . " "  Pay no attention to malicious slander , " said Rabbi Yona Metzger , chief rabbi of Israel , told the Jewish news agency JTA on Monday . "  All we are doing is resurrecting the Hurva that was destroyed 60 years ago . All the rumors that suggest we will later march on Temple Mount are just that -- rumors . " However , the incident is only the latest to ratchet up tensions between Israelis and Palestinians . The synagogue is located in the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem 's Old City . The Old City also includes East Jerusalem , seen as Palestinians as the capital of their future state . Israel claims sovereignty over all of Jerusalem since it took over East Jerusalem and the West Bank in 1967 in the Six-Day war . The rededication has underlined Palestinian concerns that Israel is attempting to bring more Jews into East Jerusalem and drive Palestinians out , particularly as it comes on the heels of an Israeli announcement last week that 1,600 more housing units would be built in the Ramat Shlomo neighborhood of East Jerusalem . The synagogue rededication , however , had been planned for months in advance , according to organizers . In a statement Tuesday , the Palestinian Center for Human Rights said it "  strongly condemns recent measures taken by Israel in East Jerusalem , the latest of which has been the inauguration of a synagogue in the old city . PCHR holds Israel responsible for the escalation of the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory . " Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , meeting in Madrid , Spain , with the Spanish minister of defense , said , "  Israel will not allow extremists to dictate and force political arrangements . "  I have said this times before and I repeat : Israel is strong ... and must reach political arrangements out of this position , " Barak said . "  Lack of political negotiations will strengthen and encourage the extremists of both sides and the riots in Jerusalem today proves so . A political arrangement will only be achieved by direct negotiations . " Construction on the synagogue began in 1700 , but halted , according to the Web site of Sacred Destinations , which describes itself as an educational and travel resource . It was restarted in 1836 and the synagogue was completed in 1856 . The synagogue was destroyed by the Jordanian Arab Legion in 1948 . Conservation and investigation of the ruins began in 1977 . Meshaal also warned the international community that Israel is "  playing with fire " that could lead to a regional blowup . Speaking to reporters Monday , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said there were American concerns "  about the tensions regarding the rededication of a synagogue in the Jewish quarter of the Old City . And we are urging all parties to act responsibly and do whatever is necessary to remain calm . " At a memorial service Tuesday for late Israeli prime ministers and presidents , President Shimon Peres said : "  We can not afford to unravel the delicate fabric of friendship with the United States . "  Today , we are also at a decisive moment and we must decide without the determination of external parties . That is , decide that even in a time of threats we will not give up on peace . The heritage of our leaders guides us and our children as such . " Last month , protests erupted after the Israeli government announced it would include two West Bank religious shrines as part of a larger list of 150 Zionist heritage sites . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	Palestinians protest reopening of landmark synagogue in Jerusalem after 60 years Officers disperse crowd by firing stun grenades ; village elders help end riots elsewhere 91 people wounded in clashes , Palestinian Red Crescent Society says Palestinians angered by Israeli settlement plans in largely Arab East Jerusalem
CNN  Will "  Birdman " rule the roost Sunday night ? The film , starring Michael Keaton as a former superhero-playing actor trying to recharge his career with a Broadway play , leads all other films with seven Golden Globe nominations . The critically acclaimed movie was nominated for best comedy or musical , best actor in a comedy or musical  Keaton  , best supporting actor  Edward Norton  , best supporting actress  Emma Stone  , best director  Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu  , as well as best screenplay and best score . The 72nd Golden Globes is produced by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and is viewed by many in Hollywood as a good predictor for the Oscars . This year , "  Boyhood " and "  The Imitation Game " earned five nominations , and Ava DuVernay made history becoming the first African American woman to be nominated for directing for her work on "  Selma . " DuVernay 's film joins "  Boyhood , " "  Foxcatcher , " "  The Imitation Game " and "  The Theory of Everything " in being nominated for best drama . Actress Jennifer Aniston has been having a moment and stirring a great deal of buzz with her performance as a woman who becomes obsessed with the suicide of a member of her chronic pain support group . Aniston is nominated for a best dramatic actress Golden Globe and told the Los Angeles Times she 's happy to be getting noticed for her performance , rather than the usual paparazzi driven attention paid to her personal life . "  To be having a conversation about my work , as opposed to the other BS , is really so refreshing , " she said . "  I feel like a plant that 's just been starving for nourishment . I needed a good rain . " Among the television categories , "  Fargo " led all nominees with five nominations , followed by "  True Detective " which had four and "  Jane the Virgin , " which received two . Tina Fey and Amy Poehler will once again host this year 's awards show . Fey told E! that she and her bestie are going to take advantage of being in the final year of their three-year Globes contract to push the envelope with their humor . "  Listen , it 's our last time ! " she said . "  What are they going to do , fire us ?! Who cares ! " The 72nd Golden Globes will be held at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles and will air at 8 p.m. EST on NBC . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	"  Birdman " has the most movie nominations Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are hosting ; the show airs at 8 p.m. ET on NBC
CNN  -- On a warm summer afternoon in Buenos Aires last February , an Argentinian friend dropped me off in the charming historic neighborhood of San Telmo on her way to work . "  You should go see a murga tonight ! " she said . My only association with murga was a love song by one of my favorite musicians , Uruguayan singer Jorge Drexler , called "  Murga Reggae " : "  Con mi amor yo quiero bailar/Murga Reggae . " My Spanish was n't good enough to understand the entire song , but the lyrics I did get seemed pleasant : Something about summertime , a shower of stars , the end of carnival and how he wanted to dance with his love . Did I want to see a murga ? Claro ! Hearing the drums of the murga So as the sun set over the Río de la Plata , I wandered away from the tourists sipping cappuccinos and mates as they watched tango dancers in Plaza Dorrego , one of the city 's historic squares . Several blocks later , the tourists had vanished and the smoke of a sidewalk asado , a huge Argentinian-style barbecue , filled the air as lanky men in tank tops demonstrated their grilling prowess . In the distance , I heard the drums of the murga . Murga , it turned out , is far from a slow , romantic dance . It 's a lively form of street theater that became a prominent part of carnival celebrations in Uruguay and Argentina at the turn of the 20th century . If you happen to be in this part of the world during carnival , which generally begins in late January or early February , it 's also a great way to experience regional culture and history . Murga originally came from Càdiz , Spain , but transformed in the Río de la Plata region into a unique cultural expression also rooted in other European and African traditions of music and dance . It first flourished in working-class , immigrant neighborhoods of Argentina and Uruguay , drawing on sounds of daily life : calls of street vendors , melodies of popular songs and , fundamentally , African drumming . African rhythm pulses through the music During the 18th and early 19th century Spanish colonial era , enslaved Africans in the region developed elaborate drumming rhythms called candombe , which became a way of preserving their cultures and stories . Today it continues to thrive , particularly in predominantly Afro-Uruguayan neighborhoods in Montevideo . This is the pulse of murga . But murga also has distinct differences in each country . In Argentina , murga corsos are parades in which performers from a given neighborhood , many dressed in satin frock coats and top hats , drum and dance through the streets until reaching a staging area . There the musicians sing and play nasally horns while agile dancers swirl and kick and jump to the rhythm of the bombo , tambor and cymbals in a blur of sequins and feathers . In Uruguay , carnival lasts 40 days  it 's the longest in the world  . This year it started January 25 and will continue until early March . Murga performances here are much more regimented and elaborate . They incorporate a greater variety of musical instruments , powerful choral song and costumes that recall commedia dell ` arte-like characters with painted faces , colorful capes and plumed hats or other outrageous headgear . Filled with parody and political satire Murga competitions are televised , and groups practice exhaustively for months to develop and perfect their routines in secret -- serious prize money is at stake . The groups perform in theaters and tablados , outdoor staging areas constructed all over Montevideo , and may travel to several venues in one night . Murgas in both countries incorporate social and political criticism . But Uruguayan murga places more explicit emphasis on parody and political satire , often achieved by playing with the lyrics of well-known songs and even advertising jingles to construct clever , humorous critiques of everything from presidents to soccer teams to social issues . In a country where people often feel overshadowed by neighboring Argentina , these distinctions count . "  Murga is one of the only things that a lot of Uruguayans feel is only theirs . So it 's viewed with a lot of pride , " said Natalie Kirschstein , a professor of world music at Regis University in Denver who studies Uruguayan murga . Despite the differences , the tradition remains , in both countries , by and for the community . Murguistas are not professional singers and dancers , but working people -- bakers , vendors , mechanics and factory workers . They achieve a certain celebrity status during carnival , but they derive their material from the joys and struggles of family and neighbors , placing everyday life in a larger sociopolitical context . Repressive regimes banned the murga Murga 's association with working-class neighborhoods , unions and political satire made it a target of the countries ' right-wing dictatorships in the 1970s and 1980s , when thousands of people deemed threatening to the regime were forcibly disappeared . During this period , murgas tended to align with leftist ideals , in opposition to the repressive regimes , said Kirschstein . Officials responded by barring murga performances in public streets and censoring lyrics . Political messages became more subtle as murguistas found new metaphors to circumvent the restrictions . "  During dictatorship it became a place where people could in a coded way talk about what was going on , " said Kirschstein . "  Murguistas  were saying what people want to say and what they could n't say . There are a lot of metaphors especially from that period around light , home , spring ... that was the role that the murga played during the dictatorship -- giving hope . " Today murga is undergoing a renaissance . Popular musicians are integrating the traditional rhythms of candombe and other characteristic murga elements into rock , jazz and other genres . Dedicated murguista masters have introduced it to young people through neighborhood workshops , now with government support . And while many younger murguistas have abandoned some of the hard-edged political rhetoric that developed in response to dictatorship , murgas remain a venue for clever social and political commentary . Buenos Aires , Argentina Carnival in Argentina is February 2-24 . Look for performances in the following neighborhoods , which offer among the most authentic murga experiences . And word to the wise : Do n't dress up for murga . More than likely you 'll be caught in the crossfire of a popular carnival street fight involving water bombs , shaving cream and children who take no prisoners . Trust me on that . Barracas : High-end housing and restaurants are transforming this neighborhood of old factories and barracks near the city 's port area . But it retains vestiges of its working-class roots , even as it has begun to blossom as a center for art and community cultural events . La Boca : This immigrant neighborhood maintains a rough-and-tumble reputation , but today it also has a well-established tourism industry . Sit at a sidewalk cafe with a glass of wine against a backdrop of quaint , brightly painted houses known as coventillos before taking your place to watch the local murguistas . San Telmo : One of the oldest neighborhoods of Buenos Aires , San Telmo will meet every romantic 's expectations : cobblestone streets , wrought iron balconies , antique markets and tango . The outskirts of San Telmo , away from the throngs of tourists , is a staging area for murga . Montevideo , Uruguay It 's well worth spending a couple of days in Montevideo -- a three-hour ferry journey from Buenos Aires across the Río de la Plata . Carnival here is under way and continues into early March . Teatro de Verano : It 's one of the most important venues for official murga competitions , but smaller open-air tablados also host cheap murga performances throughout the carnival season . It 's best to buy tickets well in advance , especially if you 're planning to see the top acts compete in the finals . Barrio Sur and Palermo : Candombe drumming performances and llamadas , a call-and-response procession or parade , occur in these traditional Afro-Uruguayan neighborhoods . Like murga , they are central features of carnival , but you generally do n't need a ticket . Museo del Carnaval is a great place to learn more about the history of murga and other carnival traditions . The museum can also recommend venues for murga , candombe and llamadas .	Both Uruguay and Argentina have rich traditions honoring murga Murga is a lively form of street theater Working people practice for months to star in televised competitions and street celebrations Murga has its roots in Spain but was transformed by the drumming of enslaved Africans
CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy will stand trial on charges of incitement to conduct murder and "  thuggery " relating to clashes near the presidential palace in December , state-run MENA reported Sunday . The country 's general prosecutor ordered Morsy to stand trial along with 14 members of the Muslim Brotherhood , the news agency said . No date was given for the trial . The charges stem from when pro- and anti-Morsy protesters clashed outside the presidential palace in early December . Demonstrators were protesting his then-recent edict granting himself sweeping powers and a proposed constitution -- drafted by an Islamist-dominated council -- that they feared would give him even more power . After Morsy supporters chased protesters from the grounds , both sides threw rocks , fireworks and Molotov cocktails . At least 10 people were killed , according to the semiofficial al-Ahram newspaper . Citing investigators , it said that Morsy and his staff are accused of ordering supporters to attack protesters after guards and members of the Interior Ministry reportedly refused to do it . Morsy , who was deposed by the military amid widespread protest over his rule , has been held in detention since early July . Egypt has been in turmoil since then , with the military battling Muslim Brotherhood members and other Morsy supporters . Each side blames the other for stoking the violence . Last month , about 900 people -- citizens as well as members of security forces -- were killed . The deaths occurred when the military used force to clear two pro-Morsy sit-in sites in Cairo . Morsy was elected after longtime Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak was toppled . Mubarak appeared in court last week as his retrial resumed on charges involving the killing of hundreds of protesters during the popular 2011 uprising that led to his ouster . Mubarak was convicted on the charges last year and sentenced to life in prison , but he appealed the ruling and was granted a retrial . A court ordered Mubarak released last month and placed under house arrest . GPS : Have crimes against humanity been committed in Egypt ? CNN 's Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 10 people were reportedly killed in the December protests 14 members of the Muslim Brotherhood are also ordered to stand trial It 's unclear when the trial will actually start Mohamed Morsy was ousted by the military in early July
EW.com  -- There have been so many shrill , dumb , rinky-dink romantic comedies that it 's easy to feel downright grateful when a smart , non-cheesy one comes along . "  Admission , " a likable breezy campus movie directed by Paul Weitz  "  About a Boy "  , is blissfully non-insulting . The film is set at Princeton University , and Karen Croner 's screenplay , which is based on Jean Hanff Korelitz 's novel , crackles with the sound of very clever people trying to out-talk each other -- an all too rare and happy thing to encounter in a Hollywood movie . Box office preview : ` The Croods ' will oust ` Oz ' from top spot Portia Nathan  Tina Fey  is one of Princeton 's elite team of admissions officers . She has the job of helping to choose which of the college 's more than 26,000 yearly applicants , all of whom believe they deserve a place in the Princeton pantheon , are going to get in .  Approximate acceptance ratio : 1 in 26 . In this academic seller 's market , Portia holds the power . But so much is riding on her decisions that the pressure of sorting through all those high school seniors , with their hilariously overstuffed extracurricular résumés  and their even more obsessive parents  , has strung her tight . Fey 's sweet-and-sour line readings at first sound like Liz Lemon redux , and I was glad for the moment when her 10-year relationship with a twit of an English professor  Michael Sheen , who also played one of Liz 's disastrous boyfriends on "  30 Rock "  crashes and burns . The breakup unhinges Fey 's character , and liberates her performance . From that point on , she 's falling apart -- or at least falling into a pit of desperation -- and the neurotic crack-up looks good on her . It gives almost everything she does a shimmer of spontaneity . John Pressman  Paul Rudd  , a teacher at a woodsy alternative New Hampshire high school called New Quest , is Portia 's opposite : a do-gooding globe-trotter who believes in the kind of excellence that ca n't always be measured by grades or " official " achievement . ` Admission ' star Nat Wolff applied early-decision for stardom He 's pushing one of his students for admission to Princeton ; the kid , Jeremiah  Nat Wolff  , is a prodigy with a troubled background , and John and Portia begin to tussle over his future from the moment they meet . John thinks that Jeremiah may be Portia 's son , and the battle , as far as it goes , is lively . But then , just about every character in "  Admission " has an enjoyably feisty intellectual attitude , from the wily dean of admissions  Wallace Shawn , for once not used as a walking punchline , and all the better for it  , to Portia 's switchblade-sharp office rival  Gloria Reuben  , to the precocious students at John 's school who question Portia about Princeton being a " corporation " devoted to the status quo . That Portia answers their gripe every bit as tartly demonstrates that the movie holds its traditional-versus-free-thinking priorities in a nice yin-and-yang balance . "  Admission " has a promising first half , and the movie springs a real wild card in Lily Tomlin 's brashly cutting and funny turn as Portia 's mother , who wears her die-hard '70s feminism like a suit of burlap armor . Tomlin totally lets go . Her performance is an inspired satire of boomer self-righteousness and , at the same time , an unapologetic celebration of it . Line by line , "  Admission " is often fresh , yet it 's also one of those films that are so diagrammed that a soggy predictability begins to settle in . For a while , Fey and Rudd spark each other , but the bantering flirtation loses heat . I think that 's because Portia , as written , has a genuine edge to her , whereas Rudd , with his smiley sincerity , is stuck playing too nice and flawless a guy . John would have been a more logical romantic foil if he 'd had a pesky , holier-than-thou side . Kate Winslet confirmed for role in ` Divergent ' Even with this soft-boiled romance at its center , "  Admission " really is a movie about whether Jeremiah , with his lowly grade-point average and astonishing AP test scores , is going to get into Princeton . And here , I 'm afraid , the film 's values are a bit out of whack . It makes us pine for that ideal of Ivy League opportunity , a dream that it hangs on the issue of Jeremiah 's admission . But what if he did n't get in ? Surely he could go to some other good college .  He would seem perfect for Oberlin .  For a movie that 's out to tweak the control-freak nature of the college-application process , "  Admission , " in the end , bows down far too slavishly to it . It confuses achievement with acceptance . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Admission ' is a likable , breezy romantic comedy Starring Tina Fey and Paul Rudd , the screenplay ` crackles ' Yet after the first half , predictability sets in Overall , the movie gets a "  B " grade
CNN  -- Stop , speed racers , stop . Police say the cars were pulled over on a dangerous stretch of Highway 18 near Grand Ronde , Oregon . So said Oregon State Senior Trooper David Petersen after he was able to catch up with six exotic sports cars on a stretch of Highway 18 near Grand Ronde on Thursday , according to a news release . Perhaps a more amazing feat was that he stopped all the cars simultaneously . "  They just were all good little soldiers and pulled right over , " Oregon State Police spokesman Lt. Gregg Hastings told CNN . One of the drivers was later cited again on a different highway . The drivers of the cars -- consisting of Ferraris , a Lamborghini and an Acura NSX -- told Petersen they were part of a group of 20 similar cars making an annual road trip , the news release said . They were all cordial and cooperative , and were cited with speed racing , a class A traffic violation that can command a fine of $ 627 , Hastings said . After receiving reports Thursday morning that several sports cars were speeding and passing in no-pass zones west of Grand Ronde , Petersen set up east of the casino town , near McMinnville , and waited . Five of the cars soon blew past him , running about 100 mph in a 55-mph zone , Hastings said . As Petersen pulled onto Highway 18 in pursuit , a sixth car passed him . "  I guess when you 're going too fast , you 're in a rock and a hard place , " Hastings said . Highway 18 runs from Dayton , Oregon , in the Willamette Valley to the Pacific coast . The stretch where the cars were cited is considered particularly dangerous and the Oregon Department of Transportation provides additional funding to enforce traffic laws there , Hastings said . About two hours after the incident , another trooper pulled over the Lamborghini from the group in Multnomah Falls , about 90 miles east . The driver of the car , which bore the the license plate "  BADBUL , " was cited for driving 90 in a 65-mph zone , according to a news release .	Police : 6 exotic sport cars , mostly Ferraris , pulled over "  like good little soldiers " Polite drivers reportedly told police they were making annual road trip Fine for speed racing is $ 627 , police say Lamborghini with tag "  BADBUL " pulled over again later in day , police say
CNN  -- Salvador Cabanas remains in a critical condition in hospital as doctors admit they are having difficulty treating the Paraguay international due to increased swelling on his brain . The Club America striker was shot in the head in Mexico City during the early hours of Monday morning after an incident in a city bar . Cabanas was transported to an intensive care unit at a local hospital and was rushed into theatre where doctors made an attempt to remove the bullet lodged in his skull before deciding it would be too dangerous . Doctors revealed he showed favorable signs when they attempted to bring him out of an induced coma but have now been forced to increase the sedation as the swelling on his brain worsens . "  Salvador remains clinically stable , nevertheless we have had certain problems because the excess accumulation of water on his brain has grown , " Ernesto Martinez Duhart , who operated on Cabanas , told reporters . "  We will have to keep him sedated a bit more to protect and improve cerebral function . It could get worse , he continues to be in the same serious condition . The risk of death has not yet passed . " Cabanas is one of Paraguay 's top players and was part of their World Cup squad in Germany four years ago . The 29-year-old is a prolific goalscorer and was expected to lead Paraguay 's attack in South Africa this summer . He has scored over 100 times in the Mexican top flight and has netted 18 goals in 24 matches this season . Around 10,000 Paraguayan fans gathered at the the Estadio Defensores del Chaco , the country 's national stadium in Asuncion , to hold a vigil for Cabanas on Tuesday evening .	Paraguay international striker Salvador Cabanas remains in a critical condition in hospital Doctors admit they are having difficulty treating the player because of swelling in his brain The Club America striker was shot in the head in Mexico City during the early hours of Monday morning
At the last soccer World Cup , it was all about 3D . This time around , it 's nothing less than 4K . In 2010 , FIFA was the driving force behind 3D television . The international soccer authority teamed up with Sony to bring fans 3D images of 25 matches from the World Cup tournament in South Africa . Back then , TV companies and broadcasters were hoping to follow the box office success of 3D movies . Even the Queen got into 3D , recording her 2012 Christmas message in 3D format . But the demand for 3D TV has not been as great as expected . Hollywood has fully embraced 3D technology . Around a third of all cinema screens globally are now 3D and the number of 3D film releases is growing steadily . But the glasses required to fully experience 3D have put off the small-screen viewers . Duncan Humphreys , of Stream TV Networks , said the special glasses clashed with the multi-screen experience many younger viewers demand . Many broadcasters have now scaled back on their 3D ambitions . BBC put its 3D TV project on hold for three years in last June , after saying the technology had n't lived up to expectations . ESPN followed just a couple months later , closing its 3D channel down due to "  limited viewer adoption of 3D services . " Even FIFA has ditched the special 3D spectacles , betting instead on a brand new technology , 4K . The technology promises to offer viewing experiences four times clearer than high definition . A standard high definition television has a 1080p resolution , or more than 2 million pixels per frame . 4K TVs have more than 8.8 million pixels . FIFA and Sony are filming three full matches in 4K , and will also put out an official 2014 FIFA World Cup film in 4K once the tournament is over . Read more : Can Amazon help 3-D finally catch on?Read more : 4K TV promises to be four times clearer than high-def	The demand for 3D television has not been as great as originally expected The need to wear 3D glasses clashed with the multi-screen experience many demand 4K technology is taking over -- some World Cup games will be filmed using this ultra high-definition technology
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Just days after reports that Chinese police fired on a group of Tibetans marking the Dalai Lama 's birthday , one of China 's most senior officials vowed to continue with the fight against the exiled Tibetan leader . "  The Dalai Lama has long been engaged in secessionist activities , which run against both the common interests of people of various ethnic groups and the traditions of Tibetan Buddhism , " said Yu Zhengsheng , a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China  CPC  Central Committee , in a report by the state-run Xinhua news agency . He then called for an "  absolute fight " against what he termed "  the Dalai clique " as a means of protecting Chinese unification . "  Only when the Dalai Lama publicly announces that Tibet is an inalienable part of China since ancient time , gives up the stance of ` Tibet independence ' and stops his secessionist activities , can his relations with the CPC Central Committee possibly be improved , " Yu added . He was speaking during a visit Tuesday to a largely Tibetan area of the western province of Gansu . The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only enough autonomy to protect its traditional Buddhist culture . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region . Meanwhile , London-based Tibetan advocacy group , Free Tibet , has claimed a Tibetan Monk was shot in the head , while at least six others received gunshot wounds , when Chinese security forces opened fire on a crowd in Tawu County in northwestern Sichuan Province on July 6 . They were reportedly celebrating the Dalai Lama 's 78th birthday at a sacred mountain . According to the U.S.-based International Campaign for Tibet , large numbers of armed troops were deployed and attempted to prevent people from making their offerings and gatherings . Then without warning , according to several Tibetan sources the group said , police opened fire on the unarmed crowd and used tear-gas . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of these reports , while Chinese officials could not be reached for comment . In recent years , reports have circulated about a growing number of Tibetans setting themselves on fire in protest against Chinese rule . So far , more than 100 people have resorted to self-immolation , Tibetan advocacy groups have said . Independently verifying reported self-immolations inside China is often difficult because of restrictions on reporting from the restive areas and the reluctance of local officials to comment on the accounts provided by foreign groups such as Free Tibet .	Top official calls for "  absolute fight " against what he termed "  the Dalai clique " Yu Zhengsheng was speaking during a visit to western Gansu province Said talks will only start when Dalai Lama gives up ` Tibet independence ' stance Advocacy groups report Tibetans were shot celebrating Dalai Lama 's birthday
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A U.S. surveillance ship violated Chinese and international laws during patrols more than 100 miles  160 kilometers  off the Chinese coast over the weekend , China 's state-run media reported Tuesday . The Navy says this photo shows two Chinese trawlers forcing the Impeccable to make an emergency stop . "  China has lodged serious representations with the United States , as the USNS Impeccable conducted activities in China 's special economic zone in the South China Sea , " said Ma Zhaoxu , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman . "  We demand that the United States put an immediate stop to related activities and take effective measures to prevent similar acts from happening . " The response follows the Pentagon 's contention Monday that Chinese ships harassed the U.S. vessel on Sunday in the latest of several instances of "  increasingly aggressive conduct " in the past week . During the incident , five Chinese vessels "  shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship while it was conducting routine operations in international waters , " the Pentagon said in a statement . Ma said that "  the U.S. claims are gravely in contravention of the facts and confuse black and white and they are totally unacceptable to China , " although he did n't say what China 's version of the events were . According to the Pentagon , the Chinese crew members aboard the vessels , two of which were within 50 feet , waved Chinese flags and told the U.S. ship to leave the area . "  Because the vessels ' intentions were not known , Impeccable sprayed its fire hoses at one of the vessels in order to protect itself , " the Pentagon 's statement said . "  The Chinese crew members disrobed to their underwear and continued closing to within 25 feet . " Watch CNN 's Chris Lawrence report on the incident " After the Impeccable alerted the Chinese ships "  in a friendly manner " that it was seeking a safe path to depart the area , two of the Chinese ships stopped "  directly ahead of USNS Impeccable , forcing Impeccable to conduct an emergency ` all stop ' in order to avoid collision , " the statement said . "  They dropped pieces of wood in the water directly in front of Impeccable 's path . " A Pentagon spokesman called the incident "  one of the most aggressive actions we 've seen in some time . We will certainly let Chinese officials know of our displeasure at this reckless and dangerous maneuver . " He said the Chinese crew members used poles to try to snag the Impeccable 's acoustic equipment in the water . The U.S. Embassy in Beijing lodged a protest over the weekend with the Chinese government , a State Department spokesman said Monday . The Impeccable 's crew members are primarily civilians , and the ship is not armed , the spokesman said . The 281.5-foot Impeccable is one of six surveillance ships that perform military survey operations , according to the Navy . It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data , using sonar . It has a maximum speed of 13 knots -- or about 15 mph -- but it travels 3 knots , or 3.5 mph , when towing its array of monitoring equipment . It carries a crew of 20 mariners , five technicians and as many as 20 Navy personnel . The Chinese ships involved included a navy intelligence collection ship , a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries patrol vessel , a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel and two small Chinese-flagged trawlers , the statement said . The Pentagon cited three previous instances of what it described as harassment , the first of which occurred last Wednesday . CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report from Beijing .	China says U.S. surveillance ship conducted activities in a "  special economic zone " China demands U.S. take measures "  to prevent similar acts from happening " Pentagon says Chinese ships harassed USNS Impeccable in international waters Chinese crew tried to snag Impeccable 's equipment in water , Pentagon says
Last year 's Aurora Borealis  Northern Lights  show was n't bad but the greatest natural light display in a decade is coming this December , according to NASA . Solar activity will hit the peak of an 11-year cycle at the end of the year -- and the more intense the solar flares , the more magnificent the aurora display . "  The vast majority of auroras occur in a band known as the Auroral Zone , " says Alistair McLean , founder of a similarly named tour agency -- the Aurora Zone -- that specializes in Northern Lights trips . "  This band can expand when solar activity is high . " The best chance to see the Northern Lights will be somewhere between 66 to 69 degrees north -- a sliver of the world that includes northern Alaska and Canada and bits of Greenland , northern Scandinavia and northern Russia . Before venturing into any of these freezing wildernesses , it 's worth checking out the kp index , a measure of electromagnetic activity in the atmosphere . A reading of two or higher is considered good for Northern Lights spotting . You can also head south , for the Aurora Australis  Southern Lights  , lighting up from around March 2014 onwards . Here are some of the places the auroras will be showing up . Jokulsarlon , Iceland Best spot : By the Jokulsarlon Glacier Lagoon . "  You can see the Aurora everywhere in Iceland , " says Moyan Brenn , who 's spent the past year photographing the Northern Lights . "  You just need to stay within the boundaries of the Arctic circle , find a clear sky and check for electromagnetic activity on the kp index . " For him , the Jokulsarlon Glacier Lagoon , on the southeast coast of Iceland about 250 kilometers from Reykjavik , makes for a perfect shot . The iceberg-filled lagoon reflects the lights , making the experience all the more awesome . On a boat tour of the lagoon  $ 31 per person  you can concentrate on looking upwards and marveling . Brenn recommends checking the weather forecast before setting off . Rain or snow -- both common in Iceland -- tend to dampen the experience . Fairbanks , Alaska , United States Best spot : In a hot spring . Two major challenges when hunting the Northern Lights are the cold and fatigue . Watching them in a hot spring asolleviates both . The city of Fairbanks , in Alaska , is often cited as the best place to see the Northern Lights in the United States . It 's home to the Geophysical Institute at the University of Alaska , Fairbanks , which issues forecasts on Aurora viewing conditions . If you fancy soaking while you watch , Geophysical Institute researchers recommend Chena Resort and Manley Springs . Chena is better equipped and better connected with Fairbanks 's airport . The resort also provides an aurora alarm service , alerting guests if the lights "  switch on " in the middle of night . Chena Resort , Chena Hot Springs Road , Fairbanks ; +1 907 451 8104 ; rooms from $ 189 per night ; return bus tickets from the airport to the resort cost $ 150 . The resort in the tiny village of Manley Hot Springs went bust but you can watch the lights for a small fee from spring-fed hot tubs provided by a local couple . More information from the Fairbanks-Alaska . com website . More : CNNGo in Reykjavik -- Thermal pools and comfy sweaters Paatsjoki , Finnish Lapland Best spot : From the Paatsjoki Bridge , Nellim , near the Finnish-Russian border . "  Paatsjoki Bridge provides unparalleled Aurora sightings , " says McLean . "  The chances of success here are at least 90 % , " writes Markku Inkila , an Aurora photographer and guide , on the Aurora Zone blog . Aurora Zone 's four-night Nellim Aurora Quest tour runs from December to the end of March ; from $ 2,700 for two people . Muonio and Kilpisjarvi , Finnish Lapland Best spot : A cabin in the Lapland wilderness . Aurora viewing is so good around these two Finnish towns that one of the best aurora photographers and guides in the world -- by McLean 's estimation -- Antti Pietikainen , is based here . Aurora Zone runs a trip between the two towns , following the lights . Adventurous options on the tour include a snowmobile safari to the shared border of Sweden , Finland and Norway , husky-sledding with a stay in a cabin in the wilderness , snow-shoeing and cross-country skiing . "  Sometimes , the dogs start howling when the aurora appears here , " Mclean says . "  It 's so primeval , it sends shivers down your spine . " The seven-night Muonio to Kilpisjarvi tour is available in 2014 from Feb 23 , March 2 and March 23 ; prices from $ 3,540 for two people . For families , McLean suggests tours around the reindeer-herding village of Menesjarvi and the ski resort of Luosto , both run by the company Activities Abroad . More : Not just for Christmas -- 10 reasons to hit Finnish Lapland Kangerlussuaq , Greenland Best spot : On a dog-sledding expedition . With the only international airport in Greenland , Kangerlussuaq is the gateway to the rest of the country . With an average 300 clear-sky days per year , it 's also another top location for aurora hunters . World of Greenland -- Arctic Circle  Wogac  offers short Northern Lights tours from October to April , but from February to April it also has a three-day dog-sledding expedition to the west coast town of Sisimiut . Hotel Kangerlussuaq  rooms from $ 290  , at the airport , is a convenient place to stay . Keep your curtains open and you may even see the Northern Lights from your room . The hotel also organizes an ice cap tour nearby . Wogac 's short Northern Lights tour costs $ 65 per person , the dog-sledding expedition $ 1,445 . Yellowknife , Canada Best spot : On a heated viewing chair . Not only do you have a great chance of seeing the Northern Lights around the city of Yellowknife , but the surroundings -- and seating -- are especially congenial . A 25-minute drive from the city center , Aurora Village is a teepee campground where you lounge in specially designed , heated viewing chairs , with guides offering background in various languages on the lights . You 'll need your warm seat -- it can hit 40 C below zero here . Aurora Village also has daytime activities such as dogsled riding and snowmobiling . Follow the village 's activities on Twitter or visit astronomynorth.com for Aurora updates . More : 27 sights that remind you how incredible Earth is Tromsø , Norway Best spot : On the deck of a traditional steamer ship . Sometimes called the "  Paris of the North , " the city of Tromsø is a beautiful and accessible location for catching the Northern Lights . The Norwegian tourism board recommends a voyage on the Norwegian Coastal Steamer Hurtigruten to see the lights along a fjord . An Astronomy Voyage runs from September to March , following the Aurora Borealis , with astronomy lectures on board . The trip also includes a visit to the Northern Lights Planetarium , in Tromsø . Another option is the village of Ersfjorden , 40 minutes from Tromsø , in the countryside between towering snow mountains and a fjord . A bus service between Tromsø and Ersfjorden runs until midnight . Or you could join a Northern Lights chase with knowledgeable bus drivers . The Astronomy Voyage costs from $ 1,900 per person . More information about Northern Lights viewing can be found on Tromsø 's official site . Abisko , Sweden Best spot : While tucking into a four-course Swedish dinner . Cloud cover -- the aurora hunter 's arch enemy -- should n't trouble you around the village of Abisko , in northern Sweden . "  Mountains and favorable prevailing winds combine to create some of northern Scandinavia 's most cloud-free skies , " McLean says . Aurora Zone 's tour there includes a night 's stay at an Ice Hotel . Travelers can also spend a night at the Aurora Sky Station , arriving by chair-lift and having a four-course dinner before stepping out to view the Aurora . The Abisko Aurora and IceHotel four-night tour , running from December to March , costs $ 2,811 for two people . A night visit to Aurora Sky Station costs $ 95 or from $ 260 including dinner . Gallery : How to build a Swedish ice hotel Southern hemisphere Best spot : At the end of a continent . Antarctica 's the best spot to view the Aurora Australis -- the Southern Lights -- but it 's also the most inaccessible , unless you 're a scientist or a supporting person  cook , doctor , pilot , etc  on a research expedition . However , you can still see the lights from the southern tips of South America , Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . New Zealand 's Stewart Island  "  Rakiura " in Maori , meaning the land of glowing skies  is a good option . It has only 400 inhabitants and is covered with great wildlife and natural scenery . More : World 's top 12 hotels for stargazing	Scientists say this year 's Northern Lights will be the best in a decade Finnish Lapland offers a wide choice for aurora hunters -- from the adventurous to family-friendly options You can also watch the lights from a dog-sled in Greenland or a hot tub in Alaska
Cairo  CNN  Two Al Jazeera journalists who 'd been imprisoned in Egypt for more than a year were granted bail Thursday , with a court telling them they can await retrial away from jail in a case that has outraged journalists and activists around the globe . An Egyptian court Thursday ordered journalists Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed freed ahead of their retrial on charges that they supported the banned Muslim Brotherhood . However , the men were still in custody Thursday night , and with government offices closed on Fridays for weekly prayers , their release might not come until Saturday . News of their pending release comes less than two weeks after Al Jazeera correspondent Peter Greste , a colleague who was convicted with them , was released and deported to his native Australia . Bail for Fahmy , an Egyptian-Canadian citizen and former CNN producer , was set at 250,000 Egyptian pounds  $ 32,750  . Mohamed , an Egyptian citizen , is not required to pay but is barred from leaving the country ahead of the retrial . Fahmy 's family paid the bail Thursday . The case is scheduled to resume on February 23 . Fahmy , who says he recently surrendered his Egyptian citizenship under coercion to facilitate his ultimate release , addressed the court Thursday , reasserting his innocence and brandishing an Egyptian flag . Al Jazeera applauded the two journalists ' bail but called for their full exoneration . "  Bail is a small step in the right direction , and allows Baher and Mohamed to spend time with their families after 411 days apart , " an Al Jazeera spokesman said . "  The focus , though , is still on the court reaching the correct verdict at the next hearing by dismissing this absurd case and releasing both these fine journalists unconditionally . " Fahmy , Mohamed and Greste were arrested in Egypt in December 2013 , accused of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood and broadcasting footage -- including video of clashes between police and protesters -- that portrayed the regime falsely with the intention of bringing it down . The journalists have said they were just doing their jobs , covering all sides of the stories in Egypt . All three were convicted last year on charges that included conspiring with the Brotherhood , spreading false news and endangering national security , but they have maintained their innocence . Greste and Fahmy were sentenced to seven years in prison and Mohamed to 10 years . The three appealed their convictions , and in January their attorneys announced that Egypt 's highest court had granted them a retrial . Amnesty International and other observers have long held that Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed were pawns in a geopolitical dispute between Egypt and Qatar , the small Middle Eastern country that finances Al Jazeera . Qatar has long been perceived as a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood . At the time of their arrest , Egypt was mired in political turmoil surrounding the coup of President Mohamed Morsy in his Muslim Brotherhood-backed government . After Morsy 's ouster , the military , which had staged the coup , declared the longstanding political party a terrorist organization . The deportation of Greste and Thursday 's bail for Fahmy and Baher Mohamed follow a recent improvement in Egyptian-Qatari relations . In December , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi met with a Qatari envoy . Days after that , Qatar shut down an Egypt-based Al-Jazeera affiliate , Mubasher Masr , which Cairo accused of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood . Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed did n't work for that affiliate , but accusations against the channel were featured in their trial . Shortly after Mubasher Masr closed , the journalists ' retrial was announced . Greste was released as part of a new Egyptian law allowing the President to deport defendants . Defense lawyers also asked Egypt to deport Fahmy . In court Thursday , Fahmy said that an Egyptian official told him he would have to renounce his Egyptian citizenship first -- something that Fahmy said he had initially rejected . "  Then I got a call from a leading official in the country , and they told me : ` Mohamed , nationality is not a piece of paper , but it is in the heart . And you can visit Egypt as a tourist and apply for the citizenship again . ' " Fahmy said he surrendered his citizenship reluctantly , adding that it was difficult for him in part because his family has long had proud ties to the military . He again denied having any connection with the Muslim Brotherhood . "  Our reports were balanced , and had no fabrication or violation , " he said . His brother , Adel Fahmy , said Fahmy was "  almost tormented " by having to drop his Egyptian citizenship to be granted a deportation decree from Egypt 's President . Earlier this month , Fahmy 's family appealed for his release in part on grounds of his health , saying in a statement published by an Egyptian news outlet that he was ill with hepatitis C and had an injured shoulder . Fahmy injured his shoulder before his arrest and has complained about not getting proper treatment for the injury while in prison . Greste described in a January 2014 letter how he and his colleagues were detained , saying that Interior Ministry officials burst into a hotel room that he and producer Fahmy were using . Officials rushed Mohamed 's home , he said . Egypt is the sixth-leading jailer of journalists in the world , according to a tally conducted in December by the nonpartisan Committee to Protect Journalists . The jailing and sentencing of the Al Jazeera journalists generated outrage from colleagues and activists around the world . A campaign led by Al Jazeera declared that "  Journalism is not a crime . " Many tweeted under the hashtag #freeajstaff and journalists , including Christiane Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , who held up a sign with the campaign on her show . On Thursday , International human rights lawyer Amal Clooney released a statement after Egypt 's Supreme Court issued its reasons for overturning the original verdict and sentence in the case of Fahmy . "  I am encouraged by the Supreme Court 's findings that the trial was unfair , and by today 's ruling granting Mr. Fahmy bail . At the same time , there is no guarantee that a retrial will be carried out in compliance with international standards or result in the full acquittal on all charges that Fahmy deserves . It may also take several months to complete , " Clooney said . On February 2 , Clooney gave CNN a statement regarding Fahmy , who also used to work for CNN . "  I have been in touch with the Fahmy family and we are all delighted that Peter Greste has been released , " it said . "  As Mr. Fahmy 's counsel we are doing all we can to ensure the same outcome for Mr. Fahmy , who has suffered the same injustice . " Amal Clooney to push Egypt to free Al Jazeera journalist Fahmy 's fiancee , Arwa Emara , told CNN in December that she had hoped , before Fahmy 's arrest , that they would have a "  very simple life . " "  I was very happy when I first met Mohamed , " she said . "  I felt that he 's the one . And after his arrest , I found myself doing things that I never expected that I 'm able to do . " Emara said they can now relax after the court has granted Fahmy bail . "  I am so exhausted and he 's exhausted . And now we want to just go out ... enjoy life , " Emara said . CNN 's Ian Lee and journalist Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo . CNN 's Jason Hanna reported and wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Catherine E. Shoichet and Slma Shelbayah contributed to this report .	Despite bail order , Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed were still in custody The journalists face retrial on charges accusing them of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood Al Jazeera applauds the two journalists ' bail but calls for their full exoneration
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department says it has decided not to charge former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales or other Bush administration officials in the controversial firings of nine U. S. attorneys , according to a letter sent to the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . Special counsel Nora Dannehy investigated the firings and Attorney General Eric Holder "  has accepted her recommendation that criminal prosecution is not warranted , " the letter said . The question as to whether the dismissals were made for political reasons led to a huge controversy in Washington . Gonzales ultimately resigned . In the letter , Associate Attorney General Ronald Welch said Gonzales made "  inaccurate and misleading " statements about the firings . The report also said Gonzales ' chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , also made misleading statements . But the report by Dannehy concluded there was "  insufficient evidence to establish that persons knowingly made material false statements " or tried to obstruct justice . An earlier report by the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General and the Office of Professional Responsibility drew particular attention to the 2006 firing of New Mexico 's U.S. attorney , David Iglesias , and whether he was fired to influence voter fraud prosecutions in his state . Dannehy 's probe did not find "  any prosecutable criminal offense was committed with regard to the removal of David Iglesias . " George Terwilliger , a lawyer representing former Gonzales , issued a statement welcoming the end of the 22-month investigation and saying Gonzales was "  vindicated by the Justice Department 's long overdue conclusion . " The statement said Gonzales had consistently maintained he had done nothing wrong . "  Those who made unwarranted allegations and predicted a prosecution owe Judge Gonzales an apology , " said Terwilliger .	The firing of nine U.S. attorneys during the Bush administration was a major controversy Then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ultimately resigned The Justice Department has decided not to charge Gonzales or other Bush officials in the firings
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel agreed to release a notorious killer Sunday in order to bring closure to the families of three missing military men , a government spokesman said . An Israeli woman stands in front of posters of captured soldiers Sunday in Jerusalem . "  It 's not an easy decision , " Mark Regev told CNN . "  One of the people being released is a brutal murderer , a man that with his own hands killed infants -- a terrible crime , but this is a nasty business . " He was referring to Samir Kuntar , the longest-serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel , who is hailed as a hero by Hezbollah . Kuntar was convicted for a 1979 attack in which he shot and killed an Israeli man in front of his 4-year-old daughter before smashing her head against a rock and tossing her into the sea . The victim 's 2-year-old daughter was accidentally smothered by her mother , who tried to keep her quiet as they hid from the attackers . Kuntar was convicted for murdering both children in the attack , which the Palestine Liberation Front orchestrated to protest the signing of the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty at Camp David the previous year . Kuntar is one of five Lebanese prisoners who Israel will release in exchange for two Israeli soldiers , Ehud "  Udi " Goldwasser and Eldad Regev . The Lebanon-based Shiite militant group kindapped the two in a July 2006 raid into northern Israel that left three other Israeli soldiers dead . Hezbollah never gave Israel any indication whether they survived the attack , which sparked a 34-day war , leaving the families in limbo . Before the vote , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert told his Cabinet that the two soldiers are not alive , "  as far as we know . " "  We 'll have a final answer when they are returned , " Regev said . Goldwasser and Regev are at the center of the landmark agreement , which has been years in the making , with both sides using the prisoners and intelligence as bartering chips . Under the deal , which the Cabinet approved 22-3 on Sunday , Hezbollah will also release information about Ron Arad , an Israeli navigator who has been missing since he was forced to eject from his plane over Lebanon in October 1986 . "  We have an obligation , a moral obligation to their families to bring finality , " Regev said . "  That if they are in fact no longer living , that their families can have a funeral , that they can have a grave , that they can know that this is over . " Israel has repeatedly attempted to get information about Arad and other missing airmen by using Lebanese detainees as leverage . Former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon promised the Arad family that Kuntar will not be released unless Hezbollah provides information on Arad . In addition to Kuntar and other Lebanese prisoners , Israel will also release Palestinian prisoners and return the remains of dozens of border infiltrators and eight Hezbollah members to Lebanon , according to a statement from the government . Israel will also provide information to the United Nations about four Iranian diplomats who disappeared in Beirut during the 1982 Israeli invasion , the statement said . Earlier this month , Israel deported a Lebanese-born man who served six years in jail on charges of spying for Hezbollah . In exchange , Hezbollah handed over a brown coffin containing the remains of Israeli soldiers killed during the 2006 war . The move was seen as a prelude to a possible prisoner swap between Israel and Hezbollah . CNN 's Shira Medding and and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Israeli Cabinet agrees to swap prisoners for two captured soldiers Israeli prime minister says two soldiers most likely not alive Israel will release five Lebanese prisoners , including convicted killer
CNN  -- F1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton feels like a "  kid at Christmas " thanks to the dominance of his Mercedes car which was underlined again Friday as he set the fastest time in both practices for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Hamilton needs to finish no lower than second to teammate Nico Rosberg in Sunday 's final race of the season to clinch his second world title , but after edging the German out in either session could not have wished for a better start to the weekend . "  It 's been a good Friday . The car feels great -- the best I 've ever driven here without doubt , " he told the official F1 website . "  When you know you have a package as competitive as ours it 's like being a kid at Christmas . I do n't feel any particular pressure this weekend . I 'll just drive the way I always drive and what will be , will be , " he added . The 29-year-old Briton clocked a best lap at the Yas Marina circuit of one minute 42.113 seconds in the second runs which finished in the twilight and under the lights . It left him 0.083 seconds clear of Rosberg , continuing the pattern of his Friday dominance this season , topping 15 out of 19 of those sessions . But Rosberg , who trails by 17 points , but with double points on offer in the final round under new rules , has claimed pole position in qualifying on no less than 10 occasions , so remains confident . "  In general the car felt great out there today . I just need to fine-tune it so that the set-up is exactly to my liking , then go for it and get the job done , " he said . Rosberg will be hoping , assuming he can win the 55-lap finale , that another driver can come between him and Hamilton . He may have been heartened by the performance of Kevin Magnussen in the McLaren , who took third fastest in the second session . He finished just ahead of four-time champion Sebastian Vettel , who will be starting his 113th and final race for Red Bull before leaving for Ferrari . Valtteri Bottas of Williams was fifth best ahead of Daniel Ricciardo in the second Red Bull . Aussie Ricciardo is the only driver other than the Mercedes pair to win a race this season , claiming three victories in an impressive first year with the team . Friday 's practice also saw a return to the timesheets for the cash-strapped Caterham team , which only made the final race of the season thanks to a crowdfunding scheme . Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi and British rookie Will Stevens finished 18th and 19th but at least set a time . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , in his final race for Ferrari , had an electrical fault on his car and came to a halt by the side of the track at the start of the session and was unable to continue .	Lewis Hamilton fastest in Friday 's practice session Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg second quickest Hamilton aiming to win second world championship Briton leads by 17 points going into final race in Abu Dhabi
