CNN  -- Opener Tillakaratne Dilshan scored a superb century as Sri Lanka forced their way back on the second day of the first Test against India in Ahmedabad . Dilshan smashed 112 and featured in solid partnerships with fellow-opener Tharanga Paranavitana  35  and captain Kumar Sangakkara  31  as Sri Lanka completed a day of dominance . Fast bowler Zaheer Khan opened a window of opportunity for the hosts by snaring Dilshan and Sangakkara in successive overs in the final session , but Mahela Jayawardene  36 not out  and Thilan Samaraweera , five from a half-century , denied the home side further inroads as Sri Lanka ended on 275 for three , 151 in deficit . Zaheer had looked menacing with the new ball , but with little assistance from the pitch , Sri Lanka were off to a good start and Dilshan looked comfortable . Together with left-handed Paranavitana , Dilshan added 74 for the opening wicket at a brisk pace , effectively putting the pressure back on the home side . Ishant Sharma eventually severed that stand , forcing Paranavitana to fend at a delivery that moved away a touch and he edged to wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni who held an excellent catch in front of first slip . Save for that burst from Zaheer with the new ball , India 's attack had looked ordinary and it allowed Sangakkara to hit his stride . With the Sri Lankan skipper holding up one end , Dilshan continued to play freely and eventually reached his 10th Test hundred -- his fifth this year -- by cutting leg-spinner Ishant for a boundary . The two had added 115 for the second wicket when Zaheer produced another fine burst to snare both batsmen . Dilshan was tempted with a short ball , but mistimed his pull and ended up presenting Rahul Dravid a simple catch at gully . Sangakkara was also done by a short ball , the captain top edging to Sachin Tendulkar at fine leg . The twin dismissal left Sri Lanka at 194 for three , but Mahela and Samaraweera put the visitors ' pursuit back on track . Both batsmen began cautiously until Samaraweera , who has already scored 1083 runs in eight Tests in this calendar year , shed the shackles by driving Mishra for consecutive boundaries . The fourth-wicket pair have so far added 81 in an unbroken stand . In the morning , master spinner Muttiah Muralitharan finished with three wickets as the hosts were bowled out in the first session . Muralitharan , who had snared Yuvraj on Monday , added the wickets of tailenders Harbhajan Singh and Ishant to his tally , while fast bowler Chanaka Welegedara removed Dravid , the batsman falling without adding to his overnight score of 177 . Dravid fell in the third over of the morning , Welegedara collecting his fourth wicket by bowling the batsman via an inside edge as he attempted to drive . Harbhajan , two overnight , then added 25 for the eighth wicket with Zaheer taking India 's total past the 400-run mark in the process . But Sri Lanka 's spinners made short work of the tail . Left-arm spinner Rangana Herath trapped Zaheer in front , while Muralitharan claimed the wickets of Harbhajan and last man Ishant to finish with a three-wicket haul .	Opener Tillakaratne Dilshan scores a superb century for Sri Lanka against India The ton helps Sri Lanka force their way back on the second day of the first Test Sri Lanka end the day on 275 for three , 151 in deficit of India 's first innings total in Ahmedabad
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man suspected in three pipe bomb attacks in Virginia was arrested in Montana Thursday after a police chase , law enforcement officials said . Laurence Stewart II allegedly threw several pipe bombs at law enforcement officers during the pursuit . According to a press release issued by the Stafford County Virginia Sheriff 's Office , officers disabled Stewart 's car and he was captured as he tried to run away on foot armed with a handgun . It appears no shots were fired . The charges against Stewart , 25 , include two counts of attempted capital murder of a law enforcement officer , arson , and use of a weapon or device for an act of terror . According to Virginia law enforcement officials , Stewart targeted two Stafford County law enforcement officers and a former girlfriend in three early morning pipe bomb attacks on Tuesday . No one was injured in the incidents . Officials said that Stewart was upset by pending legal action against him . "  We 're extremely blessed that no individuals were hurt in his brazen attempt to stop law enforcement and the judicial process , " Richard Marianos , Special Agent in Charge of the ATF 's Washington Field Division told CNN . The ATF had 50 agents working on the case along with local law enforcement . Maj. Kenton Hickethier , a spokesman with the Montana Highway Patrol said Stewart is being detained at the Cascade County Detention Center and he did not know when he might be returned to Virginia to face charges .	Laurence Stewart II allegedly threw several pipe bombs at officers during pursuit Charged with attempted capital murder of a law enforcement officers , arson , other charges Officials said that Stewart was upset by pending legal action against him
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Opposition lawmakers Tuesday ridiculed President Nicolas Sarkozy for taking France back into NATO 's military command after more than 40 years , but were unable to stop the move when it came to a vote . French troops on patrol with the Afghan army as part of the NATO mission in Afghanistan . The National Assembly voted in favor of Sarkozy 's plan , 329-238 . Socialist Laurent Fabius , a former prime minister , told Prime Minister Francois Fillon : "  You tell us this would mean more independence and more influence . It would probably mean less independence and less influence . " The move did not technically require parliamentary approval , but the president 's party scheduled the debate to give opponents a chance to voice their opinions -- and to show a majority backed it . Asking the National Assembly to vote on the issue also showed how sensitive the matter is in France . France was a founding member of the NATO alliance in 1949 but it left the military structure in 1966 amid friction with the United States . "  To cooperate is to lose your independence , " French President Charles de Gaulle said at the time . For the next 43 years , even though France selectively participated in NATO military operations , de Gaulle 's principle remained the governing cornerstone of French foreign policy . If Paris took orders from NATO military commanders , it was reasoned , the nation would no longer have complete control of its destiny . Sarkozy , however , believes the opposite -- that cooperation in NATO is a guarantee of French independence . Rejoining NATO 's military command , he argued , will give France a seat at the table for decision-making . From its earliest years , the organization 's trans-Atlantic ties were strained because U.S. analysts warned that if the European allies failed to increase their contributions to the alliance , they risked losing the support of the United States , according to NATO . Meanwhile , the European nations felt the United States was trying to dominate the organization , according to NATO . De Gaulle 's 1966 decision meant no French forces could be under permanent allied command and that France would have no participation in defense planning . In 1995 , France rejoined NATO 's military committee , which advises NATO 's political authorities on military policy and strategy and provides guidance on military matters to NATO 's strategic commanders . While France was still not a part of the military command , it contributed troops and funding to NATO activities , including actions in Kosovo and Afghanistan . Half of all French troops outside the country are assigned to NATO military operations . Opponents of Sarkozy 's move -- who include some members of his party -- believe de Gaulle , not Sarkozy , had it right . They started a last-minute petition drive to stop his march back into NATO . "  With this decision , France will return as a subordinate country and will lose its ability to represent another image in the world , " said Nicolas Dupont-Aignan , a member of the French National Assembly . The president 's allies calculate Sarkozy 's move will strengthen Europe 's hand on defense issues . "  There will be more European weight in the way decisions will be made , " said Louis Giscard d'Estaing , a member of the National Assembly 's U.S. Friendship Committee . "  Therefore , the balance of power between the USA and Europe will be re-established within this French move . " CNN 's Sunaina Karkarey and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	French National Assembly backs president 's plan to rejoin NATO President Nicolas Sarkozy 's plan is politically sensitive France was a founding member of NATO but left in 1966 President Charles de Gaulle said in 1966 membership meant losing independence
Walt Disney Studios is chipping a new "  Frozen " film off the old block . On Wednesday , the studio announced that its blockbuster 2013 movie will soon have a miniature sequel in the animated short "  Frozen Fever . " The film will reunite the award-winning creative team behind "  Frozen , " including "  Let It Go " songwriters Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez , and will bring the film 's central characters back to life . Inspired by the Hans Christian Andersen tale "  The Snow Queen , " "  Frozen " told the story of two sisters , Anna  voiced by Kristen Bell  and Elsa  Idina Menzel  , and how an impressive but isolating gift of Elsa 's almost came between them . When "  Frozen " was released in November , critics praised it as a return to Disney 's prime , and the box office backed that up . Domestically , "  Frozen " earned about $ 400 million and was the third highest-grossing film of 2013 . Disney 's new short , "  Frozen Fever , " will focus on Anna 's birthday as her sister , Elsa , and rugged love interest Kristoff "  are determined to give her the best celebration ever . " But , Disney 's statement warns , "  Elsa 's icy powers may put more than just the party at risk . " Do n't worry , hug-loving snowman Olaf  Josh Gad  is returning for "  Frozen Fever " too , and there 'll be a new song . "  Frozen Fever " is expected to bow in the spring .	Disney plans to release a new "  Frozen " animated short Called "  Frozen Fever , " it 'll reunite the central characters and the creative team The short is slated to arrive in the spring
CNN  -- Yes -- Marissa Mayer posed for Vogue . Her skin is creamy , her hair perfect . She looks gorgeous . It 's not surprising ; it 's Vogue . It 's also not surprising that the conversation about Mayer 's Vogue piece -- the first major profile she agreed to since becoming CEO of Yahoo -- has remained squarely focused on how she looks in the accompanying photograph . Most criticisms , my own included , have examined Mayer 's role in this : At a time when women in the workplace desperately need role models , why did she allow herself to be depicted in a manner so far removed from most women 's realities ? On CNN.com , Pepper Schwartz writes that "  a significant number of women ... were less than thrilled at the idea of one of the few women of real power still needing the affirmation of a Vogue fashion shoot , " and "  here 's a woman who has made it to the top because of her brains , does she still need to self-validate by having a beautiful fashion gig ? " But what 's so inexcusable about a woman wanting to look her best ? How is it self-validating to let a respectable magazine profile you in the way they know how ? Or is the issue more about the audacity of a powerful woman sitting for a portrait that might be -- gasp -- flattering ? The truth is that we ca n't blame Mayer , or Vogue , for society 's obsession with , and response to , appearance . Women , especially women who happen to be both beautiful and brilliant like Mayer , are very often reduced to , or at least measured by , their looks . This was a reality before Mayer 's Vogue spread , and it will be a reality after . The debate over Mayer 's culpability in agreeing to be sexed up for a fashion magazine implies that she has some power over the fact , some ability to change the truth , that looks matter , and that pretty people succeed more . Because they do , with or without the "  affirmation of a Vogue fashion shoot . " According to a 2007 paper from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , overweight and obese white women face a significant "  wage penalty . " According to research by Daniel Hamermesh , author of "  Beauty Pays : Why Attractive People are More Successful , " the top one-third of attractive females earn about 10 % more annually than those in the bottom sixth of the genetic pool . And in her groundbreaking 1999 book , "  Survival of the Prettiest , " Harvard Medical School psychologist Nancy Etcoff argues that good-looking people get better jobs , are better paid , and have an easier time in life . The evidence is in : Evolutionarily speaking , pretty people win . Mayer 's looks likely helped her get ahead in some manner throughout her career ; as such , it 's unreasonable to expect that she 'd do anything but agree to play them up for a national audience . For women , who are faced with any number of disadvantages in the workplace , why not use what you can ? That 's not to say Mayer is n't brilliant or hardworking ; it 's not an either/or in business or in life . But it 's unrealistic , and unfair , to expect that Mayer would n't sit for a photo that was n't expected to turn out at least somewhat flattering . That 's not self-validation , or even narcissism . It 's nothing more than completely human . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Talk of Marissa Mayer 's Vogue piece focused on her appearance Drexler : We ca n't blame Mayer , or Vogue , for society 's obsession with appearance . She says Mayer has no say over the fact that looks matter , pretty people succeed more But it 's unfair , she says , to expect Mayer to sit for a photo that was n't going to be flattering
CNN  -- Hours after a crushing Stanley Cup defeat at the hands of the Boston Bruins , Vancouver residents on Thursday were trying to come to terms with the reasons their city had again exploded in riots . "  It 's totally unlike Vancouver , " said Jennifer Richie , bar manager at the Wicklow Public House bar and restaurant . "  Just too many people had too much to drink . " She said fire and smoke billowed in and around adjoining neighborhoods near Rogers Arena , where hundreds of angry hockey fans rampaged after the loss . "  I 'm a little ashamed to live in Vancouver right now . " The incident echoed a 1994 Vancouver riot after a Stanley Cup loss to the New York Rangers , which caused widespread damage that resulted in hundreds of arrests . Vancouver Police Chief Jim Chu is blaming "  criminals and anarchists " who , he said , disguised themselves as Canucks fans for the riots . "  These were people who came equipped with masks , goggles and gasoline , even fire extinguishers that they would use as weapons , " Chu said of Wednesday night 's melee . Nearly 100 people were arrested , according to Deputy Mayor Raymond Louie . Fifteen vehicles were damaged after the home team lost the hockey championship to the Boston Bruins . "  We have more than 100 tips that include video and photographs of the individuals involved in the riot , " Louie said Thursday . "  We will investigate and prosecute individuals involved in last night 's activities . They do not represent Vancouver , and we thank the people that came out this morning to help clean the streets . " Among unofficial Facebook pages set up after the violence was one soliciting cleanup help and another asking readers to report riot "  morons . " One city restaurant manager called the turmoil "  disappointing . " "  I 'm proud to be from Vancouver , " said Courtney Rose , manager of the Boat House restaurant . "  I 've grown up thinking we are a peaceful city in western Canada , not the kind of people who destroy property and fight with police in the streets . " Rose said she and other residents avoided downtown parts of the city after smelling tear gas in areas surrounding the arena . Public transportation was also restricted during the riot , she said , which temporarily prevented residents from entering parts of the city . The melee began after the Bruins won their first NHL championship in 39 years , trouncing the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 Wednesday night . "  It 's absolutely disgraceful and shameful , " Mayor Gregor Robertson told CNN affiliate CTV . "  It by no means represents the city of Vancouver . " He called the rioters "  despicable " after hundreds of mostly young people took to the streets and set overturned vehicles ablaze . Some disappointed fans and rioters stopped and posed in front of the flames . Others danced atop an overturned vehicle as a cloud of gray smoke hung over downtown . Aerial footage showed city police wading into the unruly crowd that taunted and threw debris at the officers a few blocks from arena . After dropping the first two games in Vancouver , the Bruins took four of the last five games from the Canucks , who struggled to stay in Game Seven after going down 1-0 in the first period .	Facebook page asks for help in identifying instigators Chief blames "  criminals and anarchists " for postgame melee Hundreds of Canucks fans take to the streets ; vehicles are overturned and set ablaze Mayor Gregor Robertson calls the incident "  absolutely disgraceful and shameful "
CNN  -- Imagine not being able to hear a siren during an emergency or to see a warning sign to evacuate . Imagine navigating knee-high mud in a wheelchair or trying to explain to a child with Down syndrome why he or she must seek higher ground . Those are just some of the challenges facing those with physical and cognitive disabilities -- people often least prepared to face a natural disaster . A largely overlooked report issued this month by the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction found that the crucial needs of about 1 billion people living with physical and mental disabilities around the world are not woven into the disaster planning and emergency response plans of governments and civil society groups . The result is that a disproportionate number of disabled persons suffer and die in disasters because of a lack of attention to their needs . Emergency response systems and shelters are poorly designed to handle their requirements . According to the report , 70 % of those with disabilities who responded to the survey in over 100 countries said they did not know how to tap into any existing emergency response system in their communities . They become largely dependent on the good will of families and neighbors . The report confirms the experience from recent catastrophes like the 2010 earthquake in Haiti -- where deaf victims were trapped underneath rubble , unable to hear the sounds of rescuers drilling above -- and the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan , where victims in wheelchairs could not board evacuation buses or get into temporary housing that had no ramps . And we have seen in the U.S. during Hurricane Katrina and other major storms how those with disabilities suffer . In a post-Katrina study of survivors , reports found that people with physical or cognitive disabilities faced considerable barriers to transportation , evacuation , and housing . Dozens died in nursing homes and medical centers . Many of the disabled survivors did not have jobs , making post-crisis transition even more challenging . It is tempting to presume that people with disabilities are small in number . The reality , however , is that roughly 15 % of people in the world live with a physical or cognitive disability -- many of them in developing countries that can not afford care and inclusion . In the United States , 37.2 million Americans have some form of disability . Despite the success of programs like the Americans with Disabilities Act , there are millions of people left without meaningful employment , education , and services before , during , and after a crisis . The United States has a global imperative to address the needs of the disabled today -- especially in difficult fiscal times . Leaving aside the moral obligation , there is an economic driver at work . Worldwide , people with disabilities have higher unemployment rates than those without disabilities . In developing countries , 80 % to 90 % of persons of working age with disabilities are unemployed , whereas in industrialized countries the figure is between 50 % and 70 % . Their exclusion from the workplace deprives societies of an estimated $ 1.4 trillion in gross domestic product . As we plan for disaster relief , as well as routine development and assistance , it is vital that America lead with a sustained commitment to those with disabilities . The U.S. failure to ratify the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities -- a convention signed by 155 nations -- reinforces a perception that America does not care about the disabled . Yet despite the failure to ratify the convention , America has a good story to tell on inclusive development and disabilities . The U.S. Agency for International Development has led the way on supporting principles of universal design that not only fund specific programs to address the targeted needs of disabled citizens , but integrate disabilities into generalized programs that improve job training , education , quality and accessibility of care . Over 75 % of U.S. missions and USAID offices report activities and programs that specifically include people with disabilities . The U.S. State Department has a special adviser for international disability rights and has made enormous progress in expanding the range of U.S.-funded exchange programs to include more participants with disabilities and to convene international experts around the issue . Recently , a major conference took place in Washington , with leaders on disability rights from Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Pakistan , the Philippines , Tajikistan , and Uganda and representatives from NGOs , universities , and government offices in the U.S. , to address challenges facing persons with disabilities in their home communities . The U.S. sent the first-ever official team of disabled sports envoys to China to promote inclusion and equality for persons with disabilities . This month we celebrate the 25th anniversary of National Disability Employment Awareness Month to pay homage to our own citizens with disabilities . The October campaign theme is "  Because we are EQUAL to the task . " This is a good time to think about those at home and overseas who are marginalized and excluded because of disabilities and make sure we are doing our part . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Sonenshine .	Tara Sonenshine : In disasters , the needs of those with disabilities should be in forefront She says Hurricane Katrina , Japan and Haiti earthquakes demonstrate the problem U.N. report says needs of a billion people are not being woven into disaster planning
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A boy playing with matches started a Southern California wildfire that scorched more than 38,000 acres , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Tuesday . A firefighter talks on a radio while battling the Buckweed blaze on October 22 . The Buckweed Fire , which destroyed 21 homes on its rampage , began October 21 in the Agua Dulce community . "  Our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the Los Angeles County Fire Department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Deputy Tony Moore told CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday . "  After talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , " he said . Watch what 's next for young suspect " The boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said . The case will be presented to the Los Angeles County district attorney for possible charges . According to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , the Buckweed Fire burned 38,526 acres . Sixty-three structures , 21 of them homes , were destroyed , and three civilians and two firefighters were injured . The sheriff 's department said the fire forced the evacuation of about 15,000 people . As of Tuesday , 18 of 23 wildfires in Southern California were completely under control , and the remainder were at least 70 percent contained , according to the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . The fires are blamed for 14 deaths and charred more than 508,000 acres , destroying about 1,600 homes . Five people were arrested in arson probes last week , and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger on Saturday vowed to "  hunt down " people responsible for setting wildfires . Authorities said Saturday they were following 1,700 tips about a white Ford F-150 pickup seen near the origin of the sprawling Santiago Fire in Orange County . Witnesses reported seeing the 1998-2004 model truck with chrome tubular running boards on Santiago Canyon Road on October 21 at about the time the Santiago Fire started . Authorities said last week they had found evidence at the scene , although they declined to describe it . "  If I were one of the people who started the fires , I would not sleep soundly right now , because we 're right behind you , " Schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in . E-mail to a friend	"  He admitted playing with matches and starting the fire , " says police report Boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents Buckweed Fire burned 38,000 acres , destroyed 63 structures , 21 of them homes
New York  CNN  -- In addition to phone records and email logs , the National Security Agency uses Facebook and other social media profiles to create maps of social connections -- including those of American citizens . The revelation was disclosed by the New York Times on Sunday , using documents provided to the newspaper by former government contractor Edward Snowden . "  We assume as Americans that if somebody in the government is looking at your information , it 's because they have a reason , because you 're suspected of a crime , " Karen Greenberg , director of the Center on National Security at Fordham Law School , told CNN . But the documents do not specify how many Americans ' social connections have been analyzed , or whether any have been implicated in wrongdoing . NSA : Some used spying power to snoop on lovers Change in policy The surveillance began after a policy change in November 2010 . Prior to then , the "  chaining " of a foreign person 's contacts had to stop when it reached an American citizen or legal resident . The policy change was intended to help the NSA "  discover and track " connections from a foreign intelligence subject to an American citizen , the leaked documents show . It allows NSA analysts to use social media , geo-location information , insurance and tax records , plus other public and private sources to enhance their analysis of phone and email records , The Times reported Sunday . The "  metadata " from phone and email records in the database include details such as who a person called or e-mailed . A PowerPoint slide provided to the newspaper by Snowden shows how analysts use software to create diagrams of where a person was at certain times , their traveling companions , their social networks and email correspondents . Defending the practice President Barack Obama has ordered a review of NSA 's data collection practices because of Snowden 's leaks . But the president has defended the use of such methods to gather intelligence on terrorists and other threats . In response to the latest disclosure , the NSA again emphasized it does not listen to phone calls or read emails of Americans without obtaining a court order . But the newly disclosed system "  tells an extraordinary amount about who you are ... who your closest allies and friends and colleagues are , " Greenberg said . "  To pretend that you have to read the information to be going into what a person is doing is making a false distinction . " Opinion : Give Apple your fingerprint ? It 's your call David Simpson reported and wrote from Atlanta , and Pamela Brown reported from New York .	Policy change in 2010 permits NSA social mapping program Latest disclosure in The New York Times comes from documents provided by Edward Snowden NSA repeats it does not listen to calls or read e-mails without court permission Legal expert : Newly disclosed system "  tells an extraordinary amount about who you are "
London  CNN  -- An advertisement for Marc Jacobs perfume featuring teenage actor Dakota Fanning has been banned in Britain because it "  sexualized children . " The ad , for Marc Jacobs "  Oh , Lola ! " fragrance , featured Fanning , the child star of "  War of the Worlds " and "  I am Sam " wearing a short dress and holding an oversized bottle of the scent in her lap . Four readers complained that the photograph -- which appeared in two British magazines in August -- was "  offensive and irresponsible , " for showing Fanning , 17 , "  in a sexualized manner . " Britain 's advertising regulator , the Advertising Standards Agency  ASA  agreed with the complaints , and has banned the picture from use in the UK . Coty UK , the perfume 's manufacturer insisted that the ad "  did not show any private parts or sexual activity " and said it was "  provoking , but not indecent . " But the ASA ruled that Fanning "  was holding up the perfume bottle ... in her lap between her legs and we considered that its position was sexually provocative . " In a statement , it said that while it accepted that Fanning was 17 , "  we considered she looked under the age of 16 , " and that her outfit and pose "  drew attention to her sexuality . " "  Because of that ... we considered the ad could be seen to sexualize a child . We therefore concluded that the ad was irresponsible and was likely to cause serious offense . " It is not the first time the ASA has banned advertisements featuring Hollywood stars -- in July , the watchdog ruled against a make-up ad starring Julia Roberts , on the grounds it had been airbrushed too heavily .	Ad for Marc Jacobs "  Oh , Lola ! " perfume banned in Britain Readers complained photograph of former child star Dakota Fanning "  sexualized children " Actor is 17 , but Advertising Standards Authority said she "  looked under the age of 16 "
CNN  -- Rwanda will not be screening U.S. visitors for Ebola after all . Days after it announced restrictions for passengers from Spain and the United States , the African nation is now backtracking . Rwanda sent tongues wagging last week when it said visitors from the two western nations will be screened for Ebola . Both countries have had a handful of Ebola cases -- Rwanda has had none . Visitors from the United States or Spain were required to report their medical condition -- regardless of whether they had Ebola symptoms -- for the duration of their visit to Rwanda , the U.S. Embassy said in a statement . It urged citizens to reconsider travel to Rwanda , especially if they had a fever or had visited nations battling the virus . Rwanda 's health ministry reversed the mandated screening , and issued an apology this week . "  The ministry of health is removing special screening of travelers from U.S. and Spain , " said Agnes Binagwaho , Rwanda 's minister of health . "  Apologies for any inconveniences caused by my decision . " President Paul Kagame applauded her for reversing "  herself on Ebola decision with respect to some countries . " "  She has sometimes acted first n thought later ... it should be the other way round ! " Kagame tweeted . Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people since the outbreak started in March , mostly in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . Mali reported its first Ebola case Thursday , sparking fears the deadly virus is spreading to more countries .	U.S. , Spain have had a handful of Ebola patients Rwanda has had no Ebola cases Ebola has killed nearly 5,000 people mostly in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea
CNN  -- "  Partisanship ought to end at the water 's edge " is a longstanding adage of American politics . But in the hours after the death of the first U.S. ambassador killed in decades , Mitt Romney -- panicked as his poll numbers have slipped -- punched hard against the president , unleashing an unwise , inaccurate and unpresidential attack on the Obama administration . The fog of war applies to the confusion about the timeline of ugly incidents in the Middle East on the 11th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . But when the U.S. Embassy in Cairo released a statement condemning the obscure and intentionally inflammatory film that had already given rise to riots , the Romney campaign saw an opportunity to amplify its "  Obama-Apologizes-For-America " narrative . Politics : Romney 's political pretzel over Libya Despite the fact that U.S. missions in Egypt and Libya came under attack after that embassy statement , with crowds besieging the Cairo embassy and the consulate in Benghazi in the late hours of September 11 , the campaign released a statement from Romney saying , "  It 's disgraceful that the Obama Administration 's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions , but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks . " This barely qualifies as dog-whistle politics . At a moment when sovereign U.S. soil was under attack by Islamist radicals , the Romney campaign tried to tie the president to those extremists attacking us , saying that he had "  sympathy " with their cause . And then , in the clear light of morning , Mitt Romney doubled down on the claim , repeating it -- perhaps for fear of appearing weak -- and his campaign released talking points to hammer home the point . He picked precisely the wrong time , and over the wrong issue , to go "  bold . " Politics : Arab Spring turmoil evokes political response This is not just politics as usual but something far lower . By point of comparison , when Ronald Reagan was confronted with the downed-helicopter rescue mission ordered by President Jimmy Carter to save the American hostages in the U.S. Embassy in Iran , he did not see it as opportunity to score political points . Instead , Reagan said , "  This is the time for us as a nation and a people to stand united . " Likewise , George H.W. Bush , then also running for president , said "  I unequivocally support the president of the United States -- no ifs , ands or buts -- and it certainly is not a time to try to go one-up politically . He made a difficult , courageous decision . "  Hat-tip to The Atlantic for unearthing these statements . No wonder a wide array of Republican foreign policy experts rose to condemn Romney 's comments , including the longtime speechwriter and senior aide to Sen. John McCain , Mark Salter , who wrote : "  to condemn  Obama  for policies they claim helped precipitate the attacks is as tortured in its reasoning as it is unseemly in its timing . " I called one of the wise men of American foreign policy , Charles Hill , a longtime first deputy to Reagan Secretary of State George Schultz and now a professor at Yale and a research fellow at the Hoover Institution , as well as the author of "  Grand Strategies " and "  Trial of a Thousand Years : World Order and Islamism . " "  In my opinion , Obama is rightly criticized for a foreign policy approach that has not been firm enough . But in this case , the Romney statement was overreaction and not proper , " Hill said . "  Romney should be standing as an American with Americans right now and not trying to narrowly pursue political profit . I would not have advised him to release that statement . " On the flip side were conservative populist luminaries like Sarah Palin , who took to Facebook , her only dependable perch these days , to write this : "  We already know that President Obama likes to ` speak softly ' to our enemies . If he does n't have a ` big stick ' to carry , maybe it 's time for him to grow one . " Once again , Palin proved that she does n't have the temperament or the intellect to be within a thousand feet of the Oval Office . Opinion : Libya killings show U.S. at risk n Arab world It is also noteworthy that the Romney campaign 's instinct is to attack the president on foreign policy but then refuse to articulate its own policy positions as a useful point of contrast . This "  attack and distract " approach to politics is beneath the office ; when you criticize there is an obligation to propose new solutions to the problem . When Romney embarked on his European tour , he frequently cited the tradition of not criticizing a president while traveling overseas as justification for not answering questions about his own foreign policy beliefs . This seemed to many , including me , at the time to be a high-minded excuse to avoid answering specific questions . Now there is no doubt . It was not decency or a desire to get all the facts before condemning the president that restrained his campaign 's rhetoric . Many questions still remain . The online "  film " that apparently provoked the attack seems thrown together and badly over-dubbed to create maximum insult to Islam . It has been promoted by some of the most discredited conspiracy entrepreneurs on our side of the Atlantic , including the "  Reverend " Terry Jones , who advocated Quran-burning in the past . The American principle of defending free speech can not be allowed to be compromised by fanatics anywhere for any reason . There is , as the president said Wednesday in the Rose Garden , "  no excuse " for the actions of this murderous mob in Libya or for the invasion of the embassy in Egypt . Reports are emerging that the Benghazi siege was a premeditated attack by our enemies . Hill describes unsettling parallels : "  With the radical Muslims , there 's a kind of connection between the crazy guys in Florida who make this film and the crazy guys in Libya who plan these attacks deliberately and use the films as an excuse , a provocation , " he says . "  There 's a kind of demonic conspiracy between these two types of fringe groups , and it makes life less secure for the rest of us . " Opinion : Extremists do n't speak for Libya Romney is a good man , but his lack of core political beliefs combined with his otherwise admirable competitiveness has led him to make claims about opponents that are often overheated and unrelated to reality . The dishonest drumbeat that Obama travels around the world compulsively apologizing for America is a core Romney campaign tactic . This time , he went definitively too far -- trying to score petty political points with incomplete information at a time when our nation 's embassies were being attacked overseas on the anniversary of September 11 . It was disgraceful . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Romney , slipping in polls , wrongly slammed Obama over Egypt , Libya attacks He says despite facts to contrary , Romney said Obama was sympathetic to attackers Avlon : The move , apparently for political points , was widely condemned even among GOP Avlon says politics must yield in crisis , as past politicians have known
CNN  -- The Iranian navy fired four missiles into the Persian Gulf , sinking a target the size of a warship , the country 's military said , according to state-run Press TV . The missile drill comes as the United States and other military conduct massive minesweeping exercises in the Arabian Gulf . The U.S. military says these exercises are strictly "  defensive , " but the show of force in light of Iran 's threats to mine the Strait of Hormuz is hard to ignore . The Islamic Revolution Guard Corps fired the missile simultaneously at the large target , which sank in 50 seconds , Navy Cmdr. Rear Adm. Ali Fadavi said , according to Press TV . Fadavi pointed out that Iran 's missile systems can reach the entire Persian Gulf , including past where U.S. bases are located , Press TV reported . In reference to the minesweeping drill , Fadavi said Iran is keeping a "  moment-by-moment watch on every move of the Americans . " "  Over the past years , we have not neglected to enhance our naval capabilities , particularly in the field of mines , and these capabilities are unimaginable to the Americans , " Fadavi said , according to Press TV . The Pentagon did not immediately confirm if such a missile test was carried out .	Iran says a drill included the launching of four missiles The missiles struck and sank a target the size of a warship , commander says The test comes as the United States and others conduct minesweeping exercise
When it comes to the gender pay gap , the cynics have used smoke and mirrors to deny the truth while Congress continues to come up short on critical legislation . So now , the President is not waiting another minute to make real progress . He is taking action . On Tuesday , President Barack Obama continued his "  year of action " by signing two new executive orders to strengthen enforcement of equal pay laws where Congress has so far failed to act . He also challenged the Senate to "  start making this right " by passing the Paycheck Fairness Act when it comes up for a vote on Wednesday . The Senate has tried twice , but the act was blocked by a handful of stubborn Republicans . But even before the ink was dry on his executive orders , wage-gap deniers were trotting out the same old tired arguments we 've heard for years . Rationalizing or outright denying that pay inequity exists , and dismissing the equal pay push as a political ploy designed to distract from other , "  real " issues . Yet for millions of women struggling on the brink of poverty , the wage gap is all too real . Despite increasing education and greater professional success , women in the aggregate still make less than men : on average , 77 cents on the dollar , and even less if you are black or Latina . This persistent pay gap has real implications for women and their families , especially when 40 % of our nation 's households with children rely on women as a primary or sole source of income . That 23-cent disparity means a yearly wage gap for women of more than $ 11,000 . And what does that translate into ? On average , working women in the United States can afford 91 fewer weeks of food for their families , 13 fewer months of rent , and more than 3,000 fewer gallons of gas per year as compared to men . It 's not surprising then that polls rank equal pay for equal work as a top issue for women across the country . More people prefer a male boss , but gender gap is narrowing But like a bad magician , the naysayers are trying to use smoke and mirrors to fool us into believing the problem is just an illusion . They say the wage gap is a myth , based on anecdotes , not data . They say there 's no need for new laws , because it 's already illegal to discriminate . Any differences that remain , they say , can be explained away by personal choices . While it 's true the wage gap is due to a combination of factors , study after study has shown the wage gap -- as much as 40 % of it -- holds true even when we control for factors such as education level , profession or position . It can not be fully explained by personal choices , and can be attributed in some measure to overt or unintentional gender-based discrimination . The gap manifests out of the gate and only widens over time . A 2012 report from the American Association of University Women , "  Graduating to a Pay Gap , " made an "  apples-to-apples " comparison of college-educated women and men working full time one year out of school . After controlling for college major , occupation , hours worked per week , economic sector , and other factors , women still made 7 % less than what their male counterparts made . And in an earlier report , the association found that 10 years after graduation , the unexplained pay gap widened to 12 % . Indeed , women 's wages are lower in nearly all occupations -- doctors , lawyers , even low-wage workers . And this is true regardless of whether the job is one performed predominantly by men , predominantly women , or an even mix of both . What millennial women want now That 's why we still need Congress to act , to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act to ensure that all employers are held to the standards embodied in Tuesday 's executive actions . This week Congress has an opportunity to go from its standing ovation for equal pay at the State of the Union to really standing up for women . When the rubber meets the road , let 's hope we move beyond the rhetoric to acting on real solutions . Do n't make the President take out his pen again , unless it is to sign the new law . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Maya Harris : President Obama had no option but to sign orders on Equal Pay Congress , she says , now must pass the Paycheck Fairness Act Wage-gap deniers , she says , are trotting out the same old tired arguments
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Football players from Spain 's top two divisions vowed to go on strike at the start of the season if the team owners do n't provide "  guarantees " that hundreds of players who are owed back wages are actually paid , the players association announced on Thursday . "  We 're not asking for more money . We 're just asking to be paid what 's due , " Juanjo Montener , spokesman for the Association of Spanish Footballers  AFE  told CNN . Association leaders , flanked by some of Spain 's top football stars , such as Real Madrid goalie Iker Casillas and FC Barcelona defender Carles Puyol , held a news conference at a central Madrid hotel , vowing to strike but leaving the door open to further talks to try to resolve the dispute before the season opener scheduled for August 20 . But the Professional Football League  LFP  , representing the clubs in first and second division football , issued a statement soon after saying it "  does n't understand " the players ' call to strike . The club owners said they had been negotiating in "  good faith " with the players association and that club owners on August 3 established a new "  guarantee fund " that would "  guarantee some important quantities of the salaries of players affected " by club bankruptcy proceedings . Montener said 22 Spanish football clubs in first and second division have had financial problems serious enough to involve bankruptcy or receivership proceedings . He said 300 players have filed complaints that they are owed back wages . Spain 's first division "  Liga " is among the best in the world , and top players from South America and elsewhere in Europe often have lucrative contracts here . FC Barcelona is currently considered the best club team in the world , having won last May its second Champions League title in the past three years , again beating Manchester United for that title . Real Madrid is a perennial powerhouse and a potent global brand . But below that top tier , it 's a different story for many other clubs . Spanish media have reported for months about some other first division and many second division teams that have struggled to avoid financial red ink . A three-year collective bargaining agreement between the league and the players expired recently and negotiations since then have been focused on a new deal . The strike call by the players comes as Spain continues to be mired in a deep economic crisis , with 21 percent unemployment overall and a jobless rate of about 43 percent for young people . The Socialist government has called for early elections , scheduled for November .	League says it "  does n't understand " the players ' call to strike Players spokesman says 22 Spanish football clubs have had serious money problems Spokesman says 300 players have filed complaints that they are owed back wages
Hezbollah forces are fighting on the side of the Syrian government in the strategic town of Qusayr against rebels , its leader said Saturday . "  Syria is the backbone of the resistance  in the region  and its main supporter , " Hezbollah Secretary-General Hassan Nasrallah said in a speech broadcast live on Hezbollah-owned Al Manar Television . "  The resistance will never stand by while its backbone is exposed . " The pro-regime and pro-Iranian Shiite militia , based in Lebanon , is regarded as a terrorist group by the U.S. government and Sunni countries . Nasrallah 's 75-minute speech marked the first time he has acknowledged Hezbollah forces are fighting in the conflict . It came shortly after an opposition group said that shelling by Hezbollah fighters had killed at least 30 people in the strategically important western Syrian town of Qusayr . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria said the fatalities included women and children . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , said that 27 of the dead were rebel fighters . Syria agrees ` in principle ' to attend peace conference The Free Syrian Army said it had killed 45 members of Hezbollah . In eastern Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley , thousands of Hezbollah supporters watched the speech on a big screen . "  Regarding this battle , like all the battles before it , our men are there and we will make victory there , " he said to cheers . Nashrallah accused the rebel forces of belonging to extremist religious movements , and said Hezbollah forces were acting to protect Lebanon . "  If the armed groups control Syria or specific Syrian provinces , especially those on the Lebanese border , then we consider them a great threat to Lebanon , the unity of the nation and all Lebanese , not just Hezbollah or Shiites in Lebanon . " Hezbollah fighters represent only a tiny minority of foreign fighters in Syria , Nasrallah said . "  Tens of thousands of  rebel foreign  fighters did not bother the so-called Friends of Syria countries whose representatives met in Amman a couple of days ago , " he said , referring to the opposition umbrella group , which met in Jordan . "  But the interference of a small group from Lebanese Hezbollah was considered a foreign intervention . We never interfered  in Syria  until a few months ago , so I am completely honest with you . " Nasrallah said the government in Damascus has always been willing to negotiate a peaceful resolution with rebels , but that the opposition -- hopeful that President Bashar al-Assad would be ousted -- has refused to do so . For its part , the government-run Syrian Arab News Agency said government forces were carrying out an operation against "  armed terrorist groups " in the town , and had killed large numbers of them . In Istanbul , Turkey , a Syrian opposition leader called for weapons , fighters and other aid . "  In today 's Syria , terrorism is killing tolerance ; ignorance is killing logic ; barbarity is overwhelming civility , " Syrian National Coalition Acting Chairman George Sabra told reporters . Referring to Hezbollah forces , he said , "  You are heading in the wrong direction . The resistance should not be in the north , in Qusayr or Daraya . Due to sectarianism and blindly following the most tyrant regime in the world , some Lebanese are sent to Syria . " Rockets strike Beirut suburb as sectarian strife flares in Lebanon , Syria	"  We will make victory there ! " Nasrallah says Opposition group says the dead include women and children Government blames "  terrorists "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two U.S. customs agents were arrested on charges they helped smuggle drugs and other contraband through New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . The DEA says two customs officials at JFK International Airport helped smuggle drugs and contraband . Customs supervisor Walter Golembiowski and officer John Ajello face narcotics , bribery and conspiracy charges in the case , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Golembiowski and Ajello regularly solicited and accepted bribes to allow contraband to pass through undetected , the DEA said . Two airport workers and two others were also charged with importing counterfeit goods . Some of those items included Rolex , Cartier and Chanel watches and designer sunglasses , the DEA said . On several occasions , Golembiowski was captured on audio and video taking bribes to aid his co-conspirators in bringing in illegal drugs and counterfeit goods . "  Smuggling any kind of illegal commodity raises troubling issues at a time of deep concern over national security , " said Michael J. Garcia , the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York . "  The threat is heightened when a government official accepts bribes to help smugglers breach our borders . " The arrests came as a result of a lengthy sting operation by a state , local and federal task force . Prosecutors said numerous recorded meetings and phone calls captured the suspects talking about plans to smuggle hashish , ecstasy and other illegal items . The investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people -- "  from distributors to overseas sources of supply " -- and the seizure of more than 600 pounds of imported hashish and other drugs from the United States and France , according to the statement .	DEA says two agents regularly accepted and solicited bribes They and four others allegedly smuggled illegal contraband and drugs Investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people Arrests follow a lengthy investigation by state and federal authorities
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has decreed February 6 as "  Bob Marley Day . " The proclamation , issued Thursday , includes the following text : "  WHEREAS each year on February 6 , we honour the legacy of Robert  Bob  Nesta Marley , an influential musician , advocate for human rights and international ambassador of peace . Bob Marley became one of the greatest ambassadors of peace the world has seen . He used music to tear down the walls of apartheid and promoted African unity , culture and world peace both at home and internationally , with songs like One Love and Africa Unite . Today , his music continues to be loved by many and is instantly recognized around the world . NOW THEREFORE , I , Mayor Rob Ford , on behalf of Toronto City Council , do hereby proclaim February 6 , 2014 as ` Bob Marley Day ' in the City of Toronto . " Ford , who has admitted to smoking crack , was once captured on video dancing during a city council meeting to Marley 's music . He was also recently captured on video speaking in a Jamaican accent , although he never made any mention of Marley .	Toronto Mayor Rob Ford declares Feburary 6 , Bob Marley Day Mayor has admitted to smoking crack Proclamation declares Marley a great ambassador of world peace
CNN  The seventh installment of the "  Fast and Furious " franchise , " "  Furious 7 " is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker . But minus the off-screen tragedy , is "  Furious 7 " worth racing to the theater ? Here 's what the critics are saying : Peter Travers , Rolling Stone : " ` Furious 7 ' is the best F&F by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart . This one sticks with you . The usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen . Finishing the film in Walker 's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone . It 's bittersweet seeing Walker in action again . But it 's also a kick to watch him take the wheel or hang off a bus in Azerbaijan that happens to be hanging off a cliff . He feels at home . " Chris Nashawaty , Entertainment Weekly : "  No one forks over 10 bucks to see one of these flicks for its logic . We go for the bananas demolition-derby mayhem . ` Furious 7 ' delivers that with the direct visceral rush of an EpiPen . For two hours and change , we 're treated to a high-octane orgy of some of the most exhilarating stunts ever put on film , including one showstopper where Walker balances on an overturned bus that 's teetering on the edge of a cliff . " Chris Ziegler , The Verge : "  It 's entirely possible , of course , that my fandom has simply blinded me to ` Furious 7 's ' greatness . The action sequences -- particularly Abu Dhabi , with the supercar leaping between buildings -- are legitimately phenomenal , and the scenes filmed after Walker 's passing , in which his brothers stepped in for him , were never distracting or even noticeable without looking closely . Maybe I 'm missing something . " A.O. Scott , New York Times : "  The final moments , when Mr. Walker 's longtime colleagues say their farewells while he still appears to be on screen with them , are both awkward and moving . They remind you what these movies have always been about , underneath all the noise and the bravado : the ferocity of friendship and the terrible speed of loss . " Betsy Sharkey , Los Angeles Times : "  The action sequences -- from hand-to-hand combat to the crash and burn of cars -- are , as we 've come to expect , not grounded in reality . The parkour-influenced high-rise stunts that everyone will be talking about are particularly affecting because a  they feature the multimillion-dollar eye-candy of a jewel-encrusted limited-edition Lykan Hypersport and b  they are amazing . All of the driving and skydiving fall into the never-try-this-at-home zone . " Richard Lawson , Vanity Fair : "  The latest film , which opens Friday , ca n't help but take on some deeper meaning , as the death of main cast member Paul Walker , killed in a car accident in late 2013 , looms large throughout . But it does n't overwhelm -- Furious 7 is respectful , even solemn , when it needs to be , but is still , thank God , plenty of crazy fun . "	The film is out in theaters today Co-star Paul Walker died during production Critics say "  Furious 7 " is bittersweet and "  plenty of crazy fun "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Obama administration is abandoning a controversial plan to charge private insurers for treatment of veterans ' service-connected ailments . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel met with veterans ' groups on Wednesday . In an statement Wednesday night , the White House said that although the president believes the plan would raise more money for veterans ' care , the administration is dropping the idea after hearing the objections of veterans groups . "  The President listened to concerns raised by the VSOs -LSB- veterans service organizations -RSB- that this might , under certain circumstances , affect veterans and their families ' ability to access health care , " the White House said . "  Therefore , the president has instructed that its consideration be dropped . " News of the change of heart originally came from Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi , who disclosed the decision to reporters while meeting with a group of veterans on Capitol Hill . "  President Obama has listened to the concerns expressed by veterans ' leaders and veterans ' service organizations , " Pelosi said . "  We will leave no veteran behind . " Veterans ' representatives and members of Congress have angrily opposed the proposal , which White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said was never finalized . Leaders from 11 veterans groups discussed their position in a meeting Wednesday afternoon with White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel . "  We stood firm on our stance that there is no way to support charging veterans ' insurance companies for service-connected treatment , " said Jim King , executive director of AMVETS , a leading veterans ' advocacy organization . Emanuel indicated that the proposal was "  a dead issue , " King added . "  The administration was quick to say -LSB- that if veterans were -RSB- going to fight it , -LSB- the White House was n't -RSB- going to push it . " Another attendee , Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America Executive Director Paul Rieckhoff , said Emanuel was quick to come back after hearing the veterans ' groups stand firm and tell them , "  Let 's clarify , it is dead . " "  They made the right move -- they listened to us . Now we can move on to bigger more important issues , " Rieckhoff said . The meeting was very short , said King . Despite the difference in opinion , King said the atmosphere was cordial and "  everybody seemed comfortable . " On Monday , the groups met with President Obama , Emanuel , Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki and Steven Kosiak , director in charge of defense spending for the Office of Management and Budget . The administration saw the plan as a way of raising more than $ 500 million in revenues for the Department of Veterans Affairs . However , veterans groups saw it is a violation of what they said is the government 's moral obligation to treat veterans injured during service to their country . In addition , they believed it would lead to veterans and their families losing their private insurance or premiums rising because of the high costs of treating many service-related injuries . The head of the Senate Veterans Affairs committee , Daniel Akaka , D-Hawaii , said Tuesday his committee would "  not advance any such legislation . " His counterpart in the House , Bob Filner , D-California , said his committee would n't take up the proposal either . In a statement released by his office , Filner said the idea is "  DOA " and said the budget "  can not be balanced on the backs  or legs , or kidneys , or hearts  of our nation 's combat-wounded heroes . " The president pushed back during the meeting on Monday , telling the groups that private insurance companies were getting a free ride . He challenged the veterans to come up with an alternative way to raise revenues . AMVETS planned to propose that billings be pursued more aggressively for injuries not related to service . But AMVETS director King said Emanuel did n't ask for suggestions in Wednesday 's meeting . A 2008 Government Accountability Office study found that about $ 1.7 billion in treatment that could have been charged to private insurance never was , nor was it collected by the VA. . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	White House chief of staff meets with veterans groups Administration wanted to charge private insurers for treatment of veterans Vets ' groups and members of Congress have angrily opposed the proposal
CNN  -- Dirty , dehydrated and starving , itching all over with poison ivy and bug bites , 12-year-old Alexandra Bain and her 8-year-old sister Kyliyah Bain lay face-down in a swath of northern Mississippi woods -- their kidnapper by their side . Thirteen days earlier , authorities say the girls were abducted from their Whiteville , Tennessee , home by Adam Mayes after he strangled their mother and 14-year-old sister . And for the last three days , Alexandria and Kyliyah had nothing to eat or drink . Their weary , young bodies were prone , right along with Mayes , about dusk Thursday near a logging road in an area populated with deer and an occasional hunter , but little else . Then a state officer -- one of scores of law enforcement agents who had been working round the clock to find Mayes and the Bain sisters -- yelled , "  Get your hands up . " One girl picked her head up , soon followed by the other . Mayes himself then began to raise his head , all the while holding a 9 mm pistol . "  I hollered ` Gun ! ' three times to let my team know that there was a weapon involved , " recalled Master Sgt. Steve Crawford , head of the Mississippi Highway Patrol 's special operations unit . "  Then he raised to his knees , never brandished a gun toward any of us or the children , and at that time took his own life . " That single gunshot wound to the head ended a manhunt that spanned several states and involved about 24 law enforcement agencies , said FBI special agent in charge Daniel McMullen . It also captivated the nation , rocketing Mayes from obscurity to a spot on the FBI 's "  Ten Most Wanted " list practically overnight . And most of all , it tore apart a family -- leaving two young girls motherless , but alive . It is "  just a very , very close-knit , loving family . And it 's a family that did n't deserve this , " Rick Foster told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show Thursday , hours after talking to his relieved good friend Gary Bain , who had just learned his two daughters were alive . For all the new details provided by federal and state officials at a press conference Friday in Jackson , Mississippi , many questions remained . Chief among them -- and one that may never be fully answered , with Mayes dead -- is why he did what he did . The two people who may know best , Alexandria and Kyliyah , ideally can "  shed some light " whenever they "  get to where they can speak , when they calm down , " said state Department of Public Safety Albert Santa Cruz . But for now , authorities say they are just thankful that the girls are alive . The sisters "  did n't cry " after Mayes shot himself "  within inches " of them , seemingly relieved the worst of their ordeal was over Thursday night , said Crawford . After getting a drink of water , they were whisked off by ambulance with two female agents , said FBI spokesman Jason Pack . Then , some time between 2 and 5 a.m. Friday , they were released from Le Bonheur Children 's Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , hospital spokeswoman Sara Burnett said . "  A lot of prayers were answered when we found these two young ladies to be safe , " said Lt. Lee Ellington , a state Department of Fisheries , Wildlife and Parks officer who was on site when Mayes committed suicide and the girls were rescued . "  At the end of the day , the two young ladies returned home to their father safely , as did all officers . " The saga began April 27 , when Jo Ann Bain 's husband , Gary , called police to report that his wife and three daughters were missing from their Tennessee home . The Bain and Mayes families are connected through Gary and his former wife , Pamela , who is Adam Mayes ' sister , explained Shana Johnson , a lawyer for Adam Mayes ' mother-in-law , Josie Tate . Tate has said that Adam Mayes believed the two girls he allegedly abducted were his children . But Brenda Foster firmly denied to HLN that Jo Ann Bain , her close friend of 26 years who was back in school pursuing a degree in elementary education , was ever "  intimate " with Mayes . Her husband , Rick Foster , explained how the Bains had embraced and trusted Mayes -- with their daughters calling him "  uncle " and Gary giving him odd jobs and treating him like "  a son . " Even then , authorities say , Mayes violently turned on the family . Police said that his wife , Teresa Mayes , told police she was in the Bains ' garage when her husband killed Jo Ann Bain and her eldest daughter , Adrienne Bain . According to a law enforcement source , the two were strangled . Johnson , Teresa Mayes ' attorney , said Thursday that her client last saw Mayes and the Bain girls in Mississippi on April 27 . Along with her late husband , Teresa Mayes was charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of especially aggravated kidnapping . He had faced an additional count of making a false report , according to arrest affidavits filed in Tennessee . "  I do n't want to believe that . I want to believe that she was forced to do that in some way , " Teresa 's sister , Bobbi Booth , told CNN on Friday . Tate calls her daughter Teresa "  as much a victim of Adam Mayes as the Bain family . " "  Teresa was scared of Adam . If she did n't do just as Adam told her to do , she would suffer the results , " the mother told HLN on Friday . In affidavits , investigators said the Mayeses drove the bodies of Jo Ann and Adrienne Bain to Union County in northern Mississippi , where they were discovered Saturday in a shallow grave behind the house of Adam Mayes ' mother in Guntown . It was then that an Amber Alert was issued , seeking the public 's help in tracking down the girls and Adam Mayes . The FBI initially noted Mayes had connections to Arizona , Texas , Florida and the Carolinas . Still , they said their main focus remained in Mississippi -- even after the number of tips spiked , from all over the country , after Mayes ' inclusion on the FBI 's "  most wanted " list earlier this week . "  He had family there , he had friends there , and that area was the last area where  Mayes  was seen , " said FBI special agent McMullen , noting a witness reported seeing the suspect there on May 1 . "  So that 's what kept us there ; that 's what kept the pressure up on that area , and I think that was critical to this ending . " By Thursday , the reward for information leading to Mayes ' arrest stood at $ 175,000 . The tip that ultimately led authorities to him and the girls was not that anyone spotted them , but that an old log cabin behind a church in Alpine , Mississippi , might be a good hiding place . It is a "  very good possibility " that tipster may take home that reward , Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant said . Adam Mayes ' mother , Mary Frances Mayes , also has been charged with conspiracy to commit especially aggravated kidnapping . Three others have been arrested in connection with the case , a law enforcement source told CNN -- including one for making a false statement and two others for illegal possession of a firearm . One of these is the person who provided Mayes with the gun he used to shoot himself , the source said . While there was some closure Thursday night , officials have stressed that the investigation is ongoing . And that means authorities may try to hold more people accountable for what happened to the Bain family . "  That effort goes on , and additional arrests are possible , " Bryant said . CNN 's Rich Phillips and Joe Sutton , and HLN 's Natisha Lance , Mike Brooks and Josey Crews contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	NEW : The sisters "  did n't cry " after Mayes shot himself "  inches " away , an official says NEW : Teresa Mayes ' sister says she does n't want to believe her sister is complicit in crimes Officers saw the two girls and Mayes lying down and said "  get your hands up , " one recalls An officer yelled out "  gun " before Mayes rose to his knees and shot himself in the head
In "  The Hunger Games , " wealthy Capitol citizens of all races and ethnicities come together to watch the 74th annual bloodbath of the same name . It seems some present-day moviegoers , however , are a bit less "  post-racial . " Earlier this week , some "  Hunger Games " fans tweeted their discontent because the characters of Cinna , Thresh and Rue are played by black actors in the big screen adaptation . This , despite the fact that both Thresh  Dayo Okeniyi  and Rue  Amandla Stenberg  are described as having "  dark skin " in Suzanne Collins ' novel , while Cinna  Lenny Kravitz  is simply described as having short brown hair . Whether fans ' remarks -- such as , "  Awkward moment when Rue is some black girl and not the little innocent blonde girl you picture " -- stem from poor reading comprehension or intolerance , they 're indicative of a larger issue in Hollywood , said Harry M. Benshoff , an associate professor of radio , TV and film at the University of North Texas who co-wrote "  America on Film : Representing Race , Class , Gender and Sexuality at the Movies . " "  Hollywood has never been on the forefront of the civil rights movement , " said Benshoff , who has n't read or watched "  The Hunger Games . " Despite certain character descriptions being spelled out in the book , Benshoff said , people typically project themselves onto a character in order to empathize with that person . "  For a white person reading a book , they 're very rarely going to go , ` I 'm just assuming this is a black character ' if he or she is n't marked as such , " he said . "  A nonwhite person might project their own identity onto the character . " Skin color is a recurring but understated motif of the novels . Many Capitol residents , for instance , dye their skin to make a statement of affluence , taking on exotic hues like green , gold and olive . The way Hollywood sees it , the more people who identify with a character , the more tickets a movie might sell , he added , referencing Donald Glover 's May 2010 Twitter campaign for the chance to audition for Spider-Man .  The role eventually went to British actor Andrew Garfield  . "  Put Donald Glover as Spider-Man ,  and the movie  will only make $ 80 million rather than $ 100 million , " Benshoff said . "  If it 's Tobey Maguire or Andrew Garfield , it 's a Spider-Man movie . With Donald Glover , it 's a black superhero movie . " In June 2010 , African-American blogs lit up when Angelina Jolie 's name was proposed for the lead role in the upcoming "  Cleopatra : A Life . " The book 's author agreed that the actress would be a good fit in the role as the Egyptian queen . An Essence.com post stated : "  Honestly , I do n't care how full Angelina Jolie 's lips are , how many African children she adopts , or how bronzed her skin will become for the film , I firmly believe this role should have gone to a Black woman . " And there are plenty more instances of white actors snagging minority roles : Fans were disappointed when Jake Gyllenhaal was cast as the Prince of Persia , and the lack of Asian actors cast in M. Night Shyamalan 's "  The Last Airbender " prompted some people to boycott the film . Usually fans are angry when a film adaptation strays too far from a novel , said casting director David Rubin . In "  The Hunger Games " "  They 're being true to the source material , so I do n't see what the issue is , " he said . Having cast film adaptations of popular books like "  The Firm " and "  The English Patient , " Rubin added , "  It 's impossible to be slavish to the way characters are described in a novel because those characters exist in the readers ' mind in a purely subjective way . ... It 's often ... a self-referential image . " Rubin recently worked on HBO 's "  Game Change , " in which Julianne Moore and Ed Harris play Sarah Palin and John McCain , respectively . He said casting historical and political figures , who are known to the audience , is different from putting a face to a character from a novel . " -LSB- Moore and Harris ' performances -RSB- are not impersonations , and certainly not caricatures , " Rubin said . "  They are evocative of those people and they have their own integrity . But they 're close enough to make people feel like they 're watching the real thing . " Even so , Moore said she underwent quite the physical transformation to play Palin , spending two hours in makeup before shooting . Similarly , Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson both changed their hair color for "  The Hunger Games . " "  As a casting director , " Rubin said , "  I 'm concerned about the quality of performance much more than hair color , and if an audience leaves a film overly concerned about the color of a character 's hair , something might be missing from the storytelling . " As far as the backlash over casting black actors in "  The Hunger Games , " he said "  I like to think Hollywood studios would take the high road on this issue , and remain true to the story regardless of what a segment of the population might object . "	Some "  Hunger Games " fans are displeased that Cinna , Thresh and Rue are played by black actors Both Thresh and Rue are described as having "  dark skin " in Suzanne Collins ' novel Casting director : Usually , fans are angry when a film adaptation strays from the novel
How has life changed for new dad Marc Lesser ? Well , for one , he has n't slept more than two to three consecutive hours since his son , Sam , arrived a month ago . Lesser gets up with his wife for overnight feedings . "  I 'm the baby passer , " he told me during an interview when he could have been sleeping instead . When the baby wakes up , Lesser passes him from the crib to his wife , Pauline , then takes a cat-nap before burping and rocking the baby to sleep when feeding time is over . OK , moms , how many of you are jealous right now ? "  I do n't want to make myself sound better than I am because there are certain feedings that after I pass him off , I pass out , " he joked . Fatherhood has clearly changed from when I grew up and dads were about as likely to wake during the night as they were to actually give birth . As even Prince William demonstrated in a recent interview with CNN , his first since the birth of his son George , modern dads are more and more involved and would n't have it any other way . CNN 's Max Foster : Tired , elated Prince William could be any new dad But there 's a huge learning curve for first-time dads , which can make them feel clueless even as they jump up to help with the diaper changes and bottle feedings . I asked dads to share what surprised , delighted and woke them up in a cold sweat during their first days of parenting . The fears In conversations with fathers across the country , a common fear -- during those earliest days -- emerged : How exactly do you handle a newborn ? Mike Little , a father of identical twin boys in Birmingham , Michigan , said he had never changed a diaper before his kids were born . "  I just thought I do n't know if I am going to be any good at this , " he said in between yawns .  His kids are just 6 months old ! "  It comes to you pretty quick . I was changing diapers with no problem , " he said . Lesser , worried his son might stop breathing , did something I actually still do  even though my kids are 5 and 7 !  : He checked the baby 's chest to make sure he was still breathing . Prince William and dads everywhere show ` Mr. Mom ' is outdated Now that he 's tackled that anxiety , and considers himself a "  master swaddler , " he can focus on what he calls his "  future fears . " The founder of a video production company called Lucky Tiger Productions  we worked together previously during my time at iVillage.com  , Lesser said the pressure of providing for a new family can be overwhelming and lead to lots of questions . "  Like will I remain gainfully employed and take care of this family ? " he said with a laugh . "  And then the other , I guess , is just I hope I do n't pass on all my neuroses . " Some new fathers are a bit more freewheeling . Peter Shankman , a successful New York entrepreneur and proud father of 13-week-old Jessa , recently spent five days alone with his daughter while his wife was overseas for work . "  I was thrilled to tell her ... that the kid has all her fingers , all her toes , " he said , describing his phone conversation with his wife . "  She 's been in a new outfit every day . " Shankman said he was n't worried at all about going solo , and bases his confidence on the logic that kids have been surviving for years without their parents ' sterilizing bottles and everything else . "  You do n't have to Purell your life away , " he joked . Drop in sex drive is n't exclusive to mothers Go-to gadgets for dads To keep tabs on their little ones , some of the dads I talked with have come up with some , let 's say , unusual approaches . Shankman reached out to friends in the security industry , and installed a device on his daughter 's crib , which sends an alert to his phone when there is any motion above the height of the crib . "  There is something to be said for having a dad who is a complete geek , " he joked . Lesser is resorting to some more traditional devices , calling the "  pee-pee teepee , " which covers the boy 's penis during diaper changes , his "  savior . " "  I 've learned the hard way because definitely at 5 o'clock in the morning , there 'd be a couple of times where I forget to put it on and the next thing I know I feel something warm on my shirt , " he said . Modern fathers face new expectations Work-life balance While we often talk about the "  work-life balance " issue as mainly a working mom phenomenon , the dads I spoke with made it clear it 's very much a working father issue as well . Cody Mathers of Houston , Minnesota , whose little girl Willow is about to be 3 months old , said the biggest stressor of being a dad is "  finding that way to balance career and fatherhood . " Certain times of the year , he said , his job as an operations manager for a company providing online curriculums to schools requires a 70 + hour workweek . "  Traditionally , the father is the provider , but also now , you couple that with the additional societal expectation that they 're more involved in the child-rearing , so what 's going to give ? " he wondered . Photos : Bored dads at One Direction concert Dads : Forgotten piece of the puzzle ? Every father I spoke with said he did more of the child care -- and the housework -- than his dad and his grandfather did . "  My dad never changed my diaper , I do n't think , and never really did much of the housework to help Mom out , " said Mathers . "  I 'm doing those things ... and I do n't think I 'm unusual in that respect , either . " Lesser said that when older family friends come to visit , he thinks they 're probably a bit surprised . "  Because I am the one changing the diapers and burping the baby and I know it 's totally different for them , " he said . "  It 's evolution in a very good way . " With everything dads are doing now , I wondered if we give them enough credit -- we being society in general , moms , media , etc. . No more dumb old dad : Changing the bumbling dad stereotype Shankman said he gets frustrated at the portrayal of dads as clueless and uninvolved . He said he once received what he called a "  dad-proof onesie " complete with instructions on the clothing for where the arms and feet go . "  Are you freakin ' kidding me ? " he said . Little said people often focus on how the baby is doing and how the mom is , and said while that makes sense physically , the emotional effects of parenthood on dads might get overlooked . "  I had a friend of mine who told me when these babies are born , no one is going to ask you how you 're doing , so I 'm going to make sure that I do , " he said as he fought another yawn . "  And he 's right , because I do think that happens a bit . " How life has changed In his interview with CNN , Prince William said a lot of things affect him differently now that he 's a dad , and all the fathers I spoke with could completely relate . "  The babies have given me sort of a sense there is something bigger than work , " said Little , who works long hours as an attorney in a big law firm . "  When I come home and I 'm stressed and you see those two and you see the faces , you realize that it 's just work , so I do think it changes everything . " It changes everything , indeed , including how little time you now have for each other , said Mathers . He and his wife used to enjoy a date night every Friday but that went away when Willow was born . "  That 's an adjustment , but the reward is better , " he said . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Dads from across the country talk about their first days of parenting Modern dads like Prince William are more involved in parenting than ever One of the biggest fears , dads say , is knowing how to handle a baby Fathers take issue with the bumbling and clueless dad stereotype
Cairo  CNN  -- Civil rights lawyers demanded the death penalty for former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Monday , joining prosecutor 's calls for him to be executed . "  We merged our voice with the prosecutor 's closing arguments from last week 's hearing and demanded the death sentence to Mubarak , his former interior minister Habib El Adly , and four of his aides for killing hundreds of protesters and injuring thousands more , " attorney Khalid Abu Bakr told CNN . "  We have proof Mubarak is directly responsible for the killings along with El Adly and his aides . " Abu Bakr said Mubarak deserved to die for violating Egypt 's criminal law 77 . "  His negligence and actions led to endangering the national security of the country , " he said . The attorney also provided the court with a list of alleged suspects he wants indicted , including police officers he said where caught on camera firing their weapons on protesters . Another lawyer , Sameh Ashour , said he provided evidence to the court "  of communication between security forces that prove the presence of snipers on rooftop buildings during the revolution . " The judge , Ahmed Refaat , has set aside Monday and Tuesday to hear from at least 10 civil rights lawyers . The defense is expected to make its closing arguments later in the week . "  The judge will then decide on a day to announce the final verdict , " said Adel Saeed , the official spokesman of the General Prosecutor 's office . "  If he is fast , we may see a verdict before January 25th " -- the day the Egyptian uprising began last year . Last week , the Russian foreign ministry issued a statement , expressing its "  deep concern " over the prosecutor 's request for a death sentence to Mubarak and calling on Egypt to consider Mubarak 's old age and poor health . Germany and France also issued statements of "  concern . " Mubarak is accused of corruption and ordering protesters killed during the country 's uprising last year . He has denied the charges . Two of Mubarak 's sons are also on trial on a variety of charges . The sons , Gamal and Alaa , have pleaded not guilty . Lawyers familiar with the case said it is unlikely Mubarak and his fellow defendants will receive the death penalty . This is in part because of the difficulty in proving the president ordered the killings , the lawyers said . Analysts agreed that while some Egyptians might welcome a death sentence for Mubarak , particularly at a time of heightened tension as the anniversary of the uprising approaches , he is more likely to receive a prison term . Many Egyptians have criticized the court proceedings and some worry that Mubarak may be acquitted of the murder charges . Five police officers accused of killing protesters already have been acquitted . Amnesty International had estimated more than 840 protesters were killed and 6,000 injured . Saeed , the prosecutor 's spokesman , said the prosecutor 's estimate of 225 deaths and more than 1,300 injured is lower "  because there has been a differentiation between those killed outside police stations while attacking the precinct and those shot while protesting . "	NEW : "  His negligence and actions " endangered national security , Bakr says Lawyer says he provided evidence to court about sniper presence on rooftops Attorney says Mubarak is "  directly responsible " for killings The former Egyptian president denies the charges against him
CNN  -- At least five people -- three in North Carolina , one in Indiana and one in Ohio -- were injured after weapons went off at gun shows Saturday , officials said , at a time when there 's been renewed discussion about private gun sales at such shows . The most casualties came at the Dixie Gun and Knife Show in Raleigh , North Carolina , where attendees bolted -- with at least one woman wiping out in the frenetic scene -- when gunfire rang out around 1 p.m. , as seen on video captured by CNN affiliate WRAL . Police later explained that a a 36-year-old man from Wilmington , North Carolina , was unfastening the case of his 12-gauge shotgun on a table near the show entrance when it accidentally discharged . The man planned to sell the shotgun at the show . The bird shot ended up injuring three people . One was a sheriff 's deputy , who suffered a slight injury to his hand and was treated and released at a local hospital before returning immediately to work , said Joel Keith , chief of police of the North Carolina State Fair . A 54-year-old woman from Benson , North Carolina , was being treated for a wound to her right torso at a local hospital , and a 50-year-old man from Durham , North Carolina , was treated for an injured left hand , Keith told reporters . "  I want to emphasize that this is an accident , " Keith said . That said , Wake County sheriff 's investigators and the local prosecutor will determine whether to file charges against the gun 's owner , authorities said . Read more : Surprise ! Mom packed you a nice gun Sheriff Donnie Harrison said he was unsure whether it was legal to bring a loaded gun on state fairgrounds . However , when the state fair is held in October , it is illegal to bring a loaded gun to the fairground because of the large crowds , authorities said . "  This is state property . That 's something we 're looking into , " Harrison told reporters . "  It 's early right now . " The shooting prompted police to ban any private gun sales -- in which visitors bring their firearms to sell at the gun show -- for the remainder of the two-day show , which concludes Sunday , Keith said . He added there would n't be any private gun sales on fairgrounds for the indefinite future . The gun show was closed after the shooting and will reopen Sunday . At that point , show vendors can continue to sell firearms , which are already secured inside the show , Keith said . "  If we thought if it was a problem or a hazard , we would n't have this show , " Keith said about private gun sales at the show . "  I 'm sure there is n't anybody who hates this more than the guy who owned this weapon . " Man shoots business partner with semi-automatic handgun A person is in stable condition at a northern Ohio hospital after being shot by his business partner at a gun show run by Conrad and Dowdell Productions , said Medina police Chief Patrick Berarducci . The original owner of the Taurus semi-automatic 9 mm handgun used in the shooting brought the firearm into the show fully loaded . This is despite the policy of searches to make sure all guns are not loaded and rendered safe before others can handle them . The man who bought the gun told police that he took it out , then accidentally fired it , said Berarducci . A single bullet ended up going into the arm and thigh of this man 's business partner . Authorities do n't know who brought the loaded firearm into the gun show and sold it , added the police chief . They 'll file a request with the federal ATF to track this person down . The victim , meanwhile , is in good spirits with non-life-threatening injuries , according to Berarducci . And in Indianapolis , a man walking out of the Indy 1500 Gun and Knife Show shot himself in the hand as he was loading his .45 - caliber semi-automatic firearm , Indiana State Police said in a statement . The 54-year-old Indianapolis man was sent to Wishard Hospital for treatment after being "  slightly " injured . "  The investigation determined the shooting to be accidental , and no charges will be filed , " police said . Read more : Newspaper removes controversial online database of gun permit holders Shootings occur as gun debate rages Reforming private gun sales -- at shows or anywhere else -- is among the changes that President Barack Obama is now seeking by requiring background checks . The president has called for action in the wake of last month 's shooting at a school in Newtown , Connecticut , which left 27 people -- 20 of them children age 7 or younger -- dead . Gun control activists have likewise pushed for changes , while gun rights advocates have said restrictions on gun sales are unnecessary and in defiance of their Second Amendment rights . Currently , federal law requires background checks on gun sales by federally licensed firearms dealers , who are often among the vendors at gun shows . Saturday 's incidents occurred on ` Gun Appreciation Day , " an event led by a gun rights group that urged Americans to "  go to your local gun store , gun range or gun show with your Constitution , American flags and your ` Hands off my Guns ' sign to send a loud and clear message . " Sen. Charles Schumer , a New York Democrat , last Sunday issued a statement predicting this event would drive up sales of things like "  assault-style rifles , " which have already "  skyrocketed " in the wake of the Newtown mass shooting . Jabari Richards , a gun enthusiast , told WRAL at the Raleigh , North Carolina , show that he thought some reforms were wise . "  I think there should be background checks for everybody , " Richards said , "  because then you know they ... are capable of having a gun . " But another man at the Raleigh show said it was useless for Washington to step in . "  The gun laws that they have on the books are n't enforced , do n't do any good , " Al Galbraith said . Read more : ` Universal background check : ' What does it mean ? CNN 's Stefan Simons and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : A man shoots business partner with a gun he bought at an Ohio show , police say A shotgun goes off as its owner unfastens its case at a N.C. gun show , wounding 3 1 man shoots himself with his semi-automatic in Indiana , police say All three shootings are deemed accidental by authorities
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Around 1.2 million children are believed to be involved in prostitution in India , the country 's federal police said Monday . Ashwani Kumar , who heads the Central Bureau of Investigation  CBI  , told a seminar on human trafficking , that India occupied a "  unique position " as what he called a source , transit nation and destination of this trade . India 's home secretary Madhukar Gupta remarked that at least 100 million people were involved in human trafficking in India . "  The number of trafficked persons is difficult to determine due to the secrecy and clandestine nature of the crime . "  However , studies and surveys sponsored by the ministry of women and child development estimate that there are about three million prostitutes in the country , of which an estimated 40 percent are children , " a CBI statement said . Prostitution in pilgrim towns , exploitation through sex tourism and pedophilia are some of the "  alarming trends " that have emerged in recent years in India , it noted . Authorities believe 90 percent of human trafficking in India is "  intra-country . "	Around 1.2 million children are believed to be involved in prostitution in India Federal police say human trafficking is a major problem Authorities believe 90 percent of human trafficking in India is "  intra-country "
Washington  CNN  -- Former President Bill Clinton says that Hillary Clinton , his wife and the prohibitive favorite for the Democratic nomination for president in 2016 , needs time to not only decide whether she will run , but what she would bring to the race if she did . In an interview with CNN in Vietnam , Bill Clinton said that although Hillary Clinton has n't asked him for advice on her 2016 decision , he thinks that the former secretary of state "  really does need some time to think through this . " "  We 've reached a point in our life when we think you really should n't run for office if you do n't have a clear idea of what you can do and a unique contribution you can make and you can outline that , " Clinton told CNN 's Anna Coren . "  Now that the book is done , she wants time to think about that and work through it . I think so much of politics is background noise , and we do n't need the background noise anymore . " The former President was in Vietnam as part of the Clinton Foundation 's work on global health in Southeast Asia . Hillary Clinton 's latest memoir , "  Hard Choices , " published earlier this summer to much fanfare and a frenetic book tour . While sales of the 600-page-plus tome have not hit publishers ' expectations , the book tour has put Hillary Clinton on the forefront of political conversation and raised the specter of her likely bid for the presidency in two years . Hillary Clinton has also become more comfortable with acknowledging that she is considering a run at the presidency during the book tour . While months ago Clinton would not entertain questions about a run , more recently she has answered questions without pretense and speculated about what her campaign would look like . "  We have to make a campaign about what we would do , " Hillary Clinton said about a possible 2016 run last week . "  You have to run a very specific campaign that talks about the changes you want to make in order to tackle growth , which is the handmaiden of inequality . " Bill Clinton ` fine ' with her decision either way Bill Clinton told Coren that he is "  fine " with whatever decision Hillary Clinton eventually comes to on 2016 . The former President did say , however , that his wife would be a "  really good " commander in chief . "  She is the ablest public servant I have ever worked with , even if she is my wife , " Bill Clinton said . "  She 's smart , but she 's also uncannily able to move from A to B to C . She gets things done and she is strong , she 's just good , she is just really good . She would be really good . But it 's a decision that only she can make , and I 'm not going to try to jump the gun and if she decides not to do it , I 'll be happy too . " Bill Clinton has long been careful to not weigh in too forcefully on what he hopes his wife will do in 2016 . In an interview last week with India 's NDTV , he said Hillary Clinton "  will have to make the decision and I am not going to put my thumb on the scale either way . " Last month , during an interview with NBC , he described himself as only a "  bit player " when it comes to her presidential decision . In his interview with CNN , Bill Clinton said that now is his time to take a back seat to his wife 's ambitions . "  When I left the White House and Hillary went into the Senate in New York , I told her , I said , ` For 26 years you have made a lot of sacrifices for my public life . So I 'll give you the next 26 years and if I 'm still around we will fight about what we are going to do after that , ' " Bill Clinton said . "  So we are just over a little half way through the second 26 years and whatever she wants is fine with me . " Hillary Clinton spent much of the couple 's first decades together helping her husband 's political ambition . In 2000 , after eight years in the White House and five terms as first lady of Arkansas , Hillary Clinton became the first first lady to win elected office when she successfully ran for New York 's open Senate seat . She would later unsuccessfully run for president in 2008 , but serve as President Barack Obama 's secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 . A cloud over the book tour It is what Bill Clinton did after the White House , though , that has clouded much of the last month for Hillary Clinton 's book tour . In the first interview of the tour , Hillary Clinton told ABC that her family was "  dead broke " when they left the White House . Although the family was in debt because of mounting legal fees , Clinton failed to mention her family 's post-presidential windfall of book deals and speaking fees . A CNN analysis of the family 's financial records in early 2013 showed that Bill Clinton had earned $ 106 million from paid speeches since leaving the presidency behind . Since leaving the State Department in 2013 , Hillary Clinton , too , has cashed in on being a highly sought after speaker by charging upwards of $ 275,000 a speech . Republicans seized on the storyline and tried to make the argument that Hillary Clinton is out of touch with most Americans . Democrats close to Clinton pushed back , but some admitted in private that the attacks hurt the former secretary of state . Bill Clinton told Coren that the storyline was a "  fabricated " one that "  shows you how desperately , sadly we are dependent on a new level of political gossip every week . " "  Most people would think that being 16 million dollars in debt would qualify as being dead broke , " Clinton said , citing a number higher than the $ 2.28 million to $ 10.6 million figure that was cited on their federal financial records . Defending his time on the paid speaking circuit , Bill Clinton said that after leaving the White House and paying his debts , he "  wanted to try and save enough money so that if anything happened to me , Hillary and Chelsea could both be in public service if they wanted to be , and I do n't apologize for that . " "  I do n't think it 's a bad thing to make money , " Bill Clinton said . "  I think it 's bad if you live in a system that 's rigged against the poor and the middle class . That 's a very different thing and the purpose of politics is to create a system of shared opportunities and shared responsibilities . "	Hillary Clinton "  really does need some time to think through this , " he tells CNN 's Anna Coren He says he 's "  fine " with her decision either way on a 2016 presidential run Ex-President on his wife : "  She is the ablest public servant I have ever worked with " Bill Clinton says he makes no apologies for the millions they 've made from speeches
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Alicia Keys has 12 Grammys under her belt and now she has something else under there , too . The 29-year-old R&B singer is pregnant with her first child , her representatives confirmed . They would not say when the child is due . Weeks of photos have shown Keys noticeably fuller in the mid-section and sporting a collection of loose-fitting black tops . The father is Keys ' fiance , producer/DJ/rapper Swizz Beatz . The couple is engaged to be married in a private ceremony later this year . Swizz Beatz , 31 , -- whose real name is Kasseem Dean -- has one son from his marriage to Mashonda Tifrere . He also has a second son from a previous relationship . Swizz Beatz and Keys have been friends for several years and worked together on one song for her current album , "  The Element of Freedom , " the publicist said . "  They 're very happy , " a source close to the couple said .	It will be the first child for Keys , 29 Producer Swizz Beatz is the dad Couple will marry this year Due date not disclosed
CNN  One of Hollywood 's most attractive couples is heading down the aisle . According to People , Joe Manganiello and Sofia Vergara are engaged . The "  True Blood " star reportedly asked the "  Modern Family " star to marry him on Christmas Day while the pair vacationed in Hawaii . The couple have been relatively low-profile , as celebs go , during their six months of dating . They are said to have met in May during the White House Correspondents ' Dinner . At the time , Vergara was still with ex-fiance Nick Loeb . By July , Manganiello and Vergara were being seen together , and he told People she was his celebrity crush : "  She 's got the curves ; she 's got a beautiful face , beautiful hair , just gorgeous . " On Sunday , Vergara wished her love happy birthday on her Instagram account with a picture of them and a caption that read "  Happy happy bday to my love and best friend to the one that makes me laugh like crazy!have a healthy wonderfull year babe !!! " Neither has commented on reports of the engagement .	"  Magic Mike " star Manganiello reportedly proposed on Christmas Day The pair have been dating for six months He told People she is "  just gorgeous "
CNN  -- It 's been six years -- 2007 , if you 're into counting numbers -- since the once sleepy fishing port of Macau surpassed Las Vegas as the world leader in gambling revenue . We love the flash . And the occasional winning night at the tables . But there 's a slower side to this city of just less than 600,000 residents , one of cobblestone lanes , colonial mansions , art deco buildings and tranquil parks , all done in a fusion of Chinese and Portuguese motifs . The best part is that Macau  just an hour from Hong Kong by ferry  is compact , making it a breeze to explore . Here 's a primer . 1 . Baccarat is the game of choice Macau is the gambling capital of the world . By far the most popular game is baccarat , a relatively simple game with a low house advantage  less than 1 %  . Baccarat tables dominate the city 's 33 casinos . There are plenty of slot machines as well , but they offer a high house advantage and are n't popular . This is the reverse of Las Vegas where gamblers favor slots . Macau 's revenue from gambling is $ 33 billion , more than five times that of the Las Vegas Strip . Tycoon Stanley Ho 's 40-year reign as the city 's casino kingpin came to an end in 2002 when the Macau government ended the monopoly system . Today , there are six casino operators : SJM Holdings  Stanley Ho  , Wynn Macau , Sands China , Galaxy Entertainment Group , MGM China Holdings and Melco Crown Entertainment . 2 . Macau was the first and last European colony in China The Portuguese settled in Macau in the 16th century and the island was handed back to China in 1999 . Today , Macau is a Special Administrative Region  SAR  -- as is Hong Kong -- and is governed under the "  one country , two systems " principal , which was the brainchild of late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping . Although no longer a colony , Portuguese is still an official language and the Portuguese influence can be seen everywhere from blue tiled street signs to tiled floors and beautiful gardens . More : Top-notch hotel under $ 100 : Macau 's best boutique stay 3 . It 's the world 's most densely populated place Macau has the world 's highest population density with 20,497 people per square kilometer . No surprise then that it needed to do something dramatic to make room for new casinos and 30 million visitors that come every year . The solution was a massive land reclamation project that joined the two islands south of the mainland -- Coloane and Taipa . This gave Macau an extra 5.2 square kilometers to create a gambling mecca to rival Las Vegas . It 's known as the Cotai Strip -- drawing on the names of the two islands , Coloane and Taipa . The Venetian Resort , City of Dreams , Sands Cotai and Galaxy Macau Resort are all on the Cotai Strip . There 's another big one on the way -- Steve Wynn is spending $ 4 billion on a huge resort called Wynn Palace set to open in 2016 . 4 . Coloane is still chill The most southern island , Coloane , remains wonderfully untouched by the casino craziness . This is largely due to strict rules over title deeds that make it difficult to buy property on the island . The low-rise houses and quiet tree-lined streets that give Coloane its charm remain as they have for decades . Coloane is home to Lord Stow 's Bakery , birthplace of Macau 's much-loved egg tart . Not too sweet , these tarts with their crispy pastry are worth queuing for . Another Coloane favourite is Fernando 's . Like the rest of Coloane , it 's super laid-back and the food is reliably good . The garlic prawns and suckling pig are must orders . More : Insider Guide : Best of Macau 5 . Heritage is here to stay Before the big casino operators rolled into town the Macau government did something clever -- it applied to UNESCO for World Heritage status . In 2005 , the historic center of Macau was put on the list . The city 's historic monuments are one of the city 's biggest draws , a wonderful example of the early encounter between Chinese and European civilizations . The old heart of the city is small and a walking tour can easily take in the key sites from the iconic Senado Square , the Ruins of St. Pauls , the beautiful churches and temples and the old city wall . Most of the sites are open daily and free to visit . 6 . Macanese cuisine is fusion food Macanese cuisine is unique to Macau and combines the best of Chinese and Portuguese ingredients and cooking along with influences from Brazil , Goa and other former Portuguese colonies . There 's plenty of seafood -- codfish , sardines , crab -- as well as rabbit , duck and chicken . Portuguese influence is seen in the flavoring , with plenty of turmeric , cinnamon , chili and coconut . Dishes are often baked or roasted for a long time to allow the flavors and spices to develop . Macau 's caldo verde soup is a popular starter and is similar to the Portuguese original , but uses bok choy instead of collard greens . The national dish is minchi -- minced beef or pork cooked with potatoes , onions , soy sauce and sometimes an egg . 7 . Broken Tooth is out and about He was once Asia 's most feared gangster , the leader of the 14K triads , and after 13 years behind bars he 's now a free man . Wan Kuok-koi was born in Macau 's slums and worked his way up triads . Along the way he broke several teeth in street fights and earned his nickname . As head of the largest triad society in Macau , he and his crew waged a violent turf war against a rival gang , the Shui Fong , in the years running up to the 1999 handover . It was a time of drive-by shootings and car bombs that came to an end only when he was jailed in 1999 . Broken Tooth must have had a shock when he was released in December last year . Macau changed dramatically while he was in prison and the swathe of new monster casinos has totally transformed the city . Today , the triads have almost total control of the junket operators and keep a low profile . 8 . It 's a city of longevity People in Macau live a long time -- an average of 84.4 years . Macau takes second place in global life expectancy . Only the residents of Monaco -- ironically another place beginning with the letter "  M " that 's known for its casinos -- live longer  89.6 years  . The fantastic economy is thought to have a lot to do with the great life expectancy . This year Macau was named the world 's second fastest growing economy  after Mongolia  and more than 50 % of Macau 's revenue comes from gambling . So while the chain-smoking high rollers might be knocking off years with stressful , risky gambles , the locals are almost guaranteed their golden years . More : 40 Hong Kong dishes we ca n't live without 9 . One in five locals work in a casino Macau 's casinos employ 20 % of the population . When a casino takes on new staff , it checks to see if he or she has family working in the casino and in which section , to avoid the possibility of fraud . Locals rarely visit the casinos to gamble and government employees are forbidden from gambling here . The overwhelming majority of gamblers are from mainland China and Hong Kong . New regulations brought in early this year means that 50 % of a casino floor must be non-smoking . The massive open plan Venetian Macau -- the largest casino floor in the world -- uses a smart ventilation system that creates areas of low and high pressure to ensure that the smoke is drawn up into air vents . 10 . The beach has black sand Hac Sa Beach -- which translates as "  Black Sand Bay " -- is Macau 's largest natural beach . It 's on the southeast side of Coloane Island . The beach is a kilometer long and famous for its black sand . It gets its unique color from minerals in the seabed that are washed ashore . The sand is n't as black as it used to be . Erosion was gradually chipping away at the beach so the government decided to top up the beach , but the replacement sand is yellow , which has muted the dark sand . More : World 's 100 best beaches CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	It 's the gambling capital of the world , but there are plenty of ways to spend your winnings or forget about your losings Macanese cuisine combines Chinese and Portuguese styles Macau is the world 's most densely populated place Residents have one of the world 's highest life expectancy rates
CNN  -- More timely now than when it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2008 , "  Sunshine Cleaning , " an agreeable , midrange independent film , makes light work of heavy burdens . Amy Adams gets to work cleaning up as Rose in the indie comedy "  Sunshine Cleaning . " Sisters Rose  Amy Adams  and Norah  Emily Blunt  struggle with menial jobs and periods of unemployment . Together , they 're also coping with the nasty emotional residue of their mom 's long-ago suicide -- a trauma that is likely responsible for their current troubles . Self-esteem is n't a strong suit for either of them . As "  Sunshine Cleaning " dawns , they 're both scraping by . If Norah is out of work before we 've settled into our popcorn , she 's not overly concerned by her situation . Rose , on the other hand , is desperate to graduate from cleaning other people 's middle-class homes . It 's not just that the humiliation of laundering for her old cheerleader team is getting her down ; she needs the money to put her "  difficult " kid  Jason Spevack  into the kind of school that will give him a chance . It 's Rose 's married boyfriend -- and old high school sweetheart -- Mac  Steve Zahn  who spies a new niche for the sisters . A homicide detective , he 's watching the cleaning crew bag the blown brains of a shotgun enthusiast when he overhears the proprietor of the building grousing about the "  three grand " it 's costing him . Granted , blood and intestinal juices are n't everybody 's cup of tea , but that kind of return sure beats washing Mrs. Johansson 's drapes for $ 30 an hour . "  CSM : Crime Scene Maid " is n't a job you 're likely to find down at the employment office , but somebody must be doing the dirty work . Rose and Norah -- incorporated -- find that the stench takes some getting used to , and there 's a whole new arsenal of cleaning fluids to master , but they get to work with a positive attitude and like to think they 're doing their bit to put the world right . From this unusual setup , the movie might have skewed in any number of ways . The sisters might have uncovered evidence of corruption and murder , for instance , perhaps implicating Mac ? "  Sunshine Cleaning " is nowhere near so abrasive or generic as such a scenario . Written by Megan Holley and directed by Christine Jeffs  "  Sylvia "  , it instead puts a sympathetic , gentle comic gloss on the characters ' fundamentally forgivable foibles and imperfections . Norah tracks down the daughter of one suicide  Mary Lynn Rajskub  to present her with mementos that should have been destined for the junkyard . Blunt 's edgy performance keeps us guessing . Norah 's a bit of a flake , but she 's animated by her anger and her rebellious streak . If she 's hard to read , it 's because she 's still young and does n't know herself yet . Rose is easier to understand . She 's determined to seize this chance to dig herself out of the hole and recapture the promise she used to see in herself . Adams has a knack for putting a brave face on things -- something about the way she tilts her chin up while her mouth goes in three directions at once . She keeps our rooting interest in Rose alive even when her choices seem misguided or naive . A subplot concerning Rose 's son bonding with Joe  Alan Arkin  , the sisters ' lovable but infuriating father  you know the kind : He buys bulk orders of shrimp off the back of a truck  tips us too far into the realm of indie quirk . The character is a useful sounding board , and an amusing grouch , but it 's just about impossible to imagine this man bringing up these girls . Ironically , for a movie that 's marketed with the one-liner "  Life 's a messy business , " Holley 's script has been polished to within an inch of its life . Emotions are experienced most vividly when they 're raw , but in "  Sunshine Cleaning , " feelings come filtered through neat-and-tidy grace notes . The film flirts with dangerous material , but it 's too intent on putting the sunny side up to get its hands dirty . The way director Jeffs tells it , not only is suicide painless it can be positively feel-good . That 's not to say there is n't a lot to enjoy in this well-acted and humanistic comedy . Buoyed by its up-and-coming stars and its optimistic message , it should do very nicely with discriminating audiences . ... It might even clean up .	Tom Charity : Up-and-coming stars , optimistic message buoy "  Sunshine Cleaning " Two struggling sisters become a crime-scene cleanup crew Movie presents feelings in neat-and-tidy packages , reviewer says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer will not be charged in connection with the prostitution scandal that prompted his resignation , the U.S. attorney 's office for the Southern District of New York said Thursday . Eliot Spitzer resigned his post as New York governor in March . "  After a thorough investigation , this office has uncovered no evidence of misuse of public or campaign funds , " U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia said in a statement . The attorney 's office also said it found no illicit activity related to Spitzer 's withdrawal of funds for , and his payments to , the Emperors Club VIP , which authorities have said was a prostitution ring . "  In light of the policy of the Department of Justice with respect to prostitution offenses and the longstanding practice of this office , as well as Mr. Spitzer 's acceptance of responsibility for his conduct , we have concluded that the public interest would not be further advanced by filing criminal charges in this matter , " Garcia said . Spitzer resigned in March after it was revealed that he was among the Emperors Club 's patrons -- "  Client 9 , " according to court papers detailing the service 's workings . Court documents detailed arrangements for a nearly two-and-a-half hour rendezvous between Client 9 and a high-class prostitute -- identified as "  Kristen " -- at the Mayflower hotel in Washington in February . Spitzer was linked to the Emperors Club when when IRS and FBI officials noticed suspicious transfers of larger sums of money between several of the governor 's personal accounts , sources told CNN . Those sources say red flags were raised when the money ended up in the bank accounts of shell companies linked to the Emperors Club . In June , the leader of the Emperors Club , Mark Brener , pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges in federal court . Prosecutors said Brener 's service charged between $ 1,000 and $ 5,500 an hour for trysts in New York ; Los Angeles , California ; Miami , Florida ; London , England ; and Paris , France . Police seized more than $ 1 million in cash from Brener 's apartment at the time of his arrest .	No evidence that Eliot Spitzer misused public or campaign funds , U.S. attorney says Spitzer linked to service that authorities say was prostitution ring Then-N.Y. governor resigned in March
San Diego , California  CNN  -- What 's in a name ? For my friends and simpaticos in the immigration reform community , enough to go ballistic at the mere mention of the phrase : "  illegal immigrant . " First , there 's enough to be afraid of in this world -- from big government to monsters under the bed . We should n't be afraid of words . And when it comes time to declare a word or phrase offensive , we should be careful to do so judiciously and not go overboard . That 's my advice to my very good friend and business partner , Charles Garcia , for whom I have great affection and tremendous respect . He 's my brother from another mother . That 's true even on the rare occasion when he 's wrong . And that 's the case this week now that Charlie has written , in a thought-provoking column for CNN.com , that the phrase "  illegal immigrant " is "  biased " and "  racially offensive . " He also implied that it 's a "  slur " and -- borrowing language from George Orwell -- a "  worn-out and useless phrase . " Actually , it 's none of the above . The phrase is accurate . It 's the shoe that fits . It 's reality . And , as is often the case with reality , it 's hard for some people to accept . What do you think about the term ? Share your view with CNN iReport . Apparently , that includes people like Justice Sonia Sotomayor who , in her first opinion on the Supreme Court -- in a 2009 case called Mohawk Industries v. Carpenter , which involved a business accused of employing illegal immigrants -- used the term "  undocumented immigrant . " According to The New York Times , this was the first time that a Supreme Court justice had used that phrase . Other justices had previously gone with "  illegal immigrant . " Undocumented immigrant ? Really ? That 's politically correct , but it 's also absurd . Most of these people have plenty of documents . A woman who makes a living cleaning homes in my neighborhood once explained to me that she had a drawer full of fake green cards and IDs saying she was -- pick one -- a native-born U.S. citizen , legal resident or exchange student . Many illegal immigrants have Matricula ID cards issued by Mexican consulates , foreign passports , drivers licenses in some states and phony Social Security cards where all nine digits are "  0 's . " Garcia : Why "  illegal immigrant " is a slur This is n't about documents . It has been my experience that many of those who have trouble with the phrase "  illegal immigrant " are really troubled by something deeper -- the fact that , at the end of the day , by supporting a pathway to earned legal status , they 're defending a group of people who engaged in unlawful activity . For some folks , this is messy business . So they try to sanitize it by changing the language . As a columnist , I do n't mind messy . I have never used "  illegal aliens , " and I never will . And I do n't use "  illegal " as a noun . But , like many other journalists , including those at CNN , I do use "  illegal immigrant . " And I refuse to accept that doing so is tantamount to a hate crime . I do n't want to demean anyone . But , as someone who makes his living with words , I 'd also prefer not to degrade the English language . Besides , in more than 20 years of writing about illegal immigrants -- oops , there , I said it again -- I 've been accused of defending lawbreakers thousands of times . I plead guilty as charged . I do n't condone illegal immigration , but I do often defend illegal immigrants who are unfairly exploited , picked on and blamed for everything from crime to pollution to the quality of public schools . As Charlie correctly points out in the part of the column with which I agree , a lot of that nonsense comes from the Republican Party and shameful politicians who think that raising our blood pressure over illegal immigration is a shortcut to helping them raise their poll numbers and raise funds from contributors . I 've spanked many of these officials before , and I look forward to the next opportunity . For the record , I 'm not against high blood pressure . I 've been known to raise it myself . I think that , if people are upset that our immigration system is broken , they have a right to be angry . But I also think they should direct their anger at government and politicians , and not at the immigrants themselves . I also think that illegal immigrants are more of a positive than a negative . They make a contribution to the U.S. economy , do jobs Americans wo n't do , replenish the American spirit with hope and optimism and often raise good kids with a work ethic and strong traditional values that put the native-born to shame . They 're not a liability . They 're an asset . Naturalized citizens explain why they 're American by choice But , c'mon . These people are not saints . With the exception of DREAM Act kids involuntarily brought here by their parents , these people did something wrong . Illegal immigrants either overstayed a visa or crossed a border without authorization . That was wrong . Then many of them doubled down on the misdeed by using fake documents to procure employment or not paying income taxes on money earned , even though the federal government has set up an Individual Taxpayer Identification Number that allows illegal immigrants to pay taxes . If that sounds harsh , blame my upbringing . I 'm the grandson of a Mexican immigrant who came to the United States legally during the Mexican Revolution and my father spent 36 years as a cop . It 's in my DNA to not make excuses for wrongdoing . My friends in the immigration reform community need to get over their uneasiness and stop sugar coating who these people are and what they 've done to get here . We ca n't fix the problem of illegal immigration until we deal with it honesty and candidly . As Charlie mentioned , Justice Anthony Kennedy has an interesting take on illegal immigration , which he incorporated into the majority opinion in the recent Supreme Court decision striking down most of the Arizona immigration law . Kennedy wrote : "  As a general rule , it is not a crime for a removable alien to remain present in the United States . " True . But "  present " does n't just happen . The estimated 10 million illegal immigrants who are unlawfully in the United States did n't just appear one day like the genie out of Aladdin 's lamp . Like the old saying goes : "  If you see a turtle resting on a fence post , you can be sure someone put it there . It did n't get there by itself . " At some point in time , again with the exception of DREAM ` ers , someone did something bad . That does n't make them bad people . But they broke the law . We 're not talking about criminal law , and so they 're not "  criminals . " Immigration law is based in civil law , and that 's why those who break it get deported and not imprisoned . But these people are still lawbreakers , and -- by definition -- illegal immigrants . Sorry , Charlie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Those who say "  illegal immigrant " is a slur are wrong He says adult migrants who are n't legal immigrants broke the law to get to the U.S. Navarrette : Migrants are n't criminals and are wrongly blamed for many of America 's ills Still , he says , it does n't help to gloss over fact that immigration laws were broken
Holders Real Madrid progressed to the quarterfinals of the Spanish Cup after Tuesday 's 1-0 win at Malaga sealed a 4-2 aggregate victory . Jose Mourinho 's side , who beat rivals Barcelona in the 2011 final , scored the only goal of the game through Karim Benzema . The France striker 's shot squirmed underneath Malaga goalkeeper Caballero Willy to secure Real 's passage into the last eight . Real Madrid are also enjoying success in the league and sit five points clear of European champions Barcelona . In Italy , Lazio booked a place in the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup after beating Hellas Verona 3-2 in Rome . The Serie A side made hard work of the victory against Serie B opponents , despite cruising into a 2-0 lead thanks to goals from Andre Dias and Tommaso Rocchi . Verona pulled level through Emanuele Berrettoni and Marco D'Alessandro before Brazilian Hernanes sealed Lazio 's win with a stoppage-time free-kick . Lazio will now play either AC Milan or Novara in the last eight . And in France , two-time defending League Cup champions Marseille made it through to the semifinals with a 3-0 win over Caen . Midfielder Mathieu Valbuena scored twice .	Real Madrid go through to the quarterfinals of the Spanish Cup Holders progress 4-2 on aggregate after beating Malaga 1-0 away Lazio reach the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup after beating Hellas Verona 3-2 Marseille reach the semifinal of the French League Cup beating Caen 3-0
CNN  -- Anywhere large numbers of humans gather , strange and wonderful stories are likely to emerge . Over the past week , at least three noteworthy tales surfaced at separate airports . The first involves the Transportation Security Administration and an unlucky puppet . The TSA confiscated a toy pistol from Rooster Monkburn in St. Louis on December 3 . It would have gone unnoticed except for the fact that Monkburn is a monkey sock puppet and the gun is 2 inches long . Passenger Phyllis May , who modeled this particular puppet after the "  Rooster Cogburn " character in the John Wayne movie "  True Grit , " was carrying the puppet through TSA security , and she told CNN affiliate KING 5 about the incident . May said the TSA agent told her , "  If I held it up to your neck , you would n't know if it was real or not . " May 's response was , "  Really ? " 24 hours at the world 's busiest airport It 's true that realistic replicas of firearms are prohibited in carry-on bags . "  TSA officers are dedicated to keeping the nation 's transportation security systems safe and secure for the traveling public , " TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein wrote in an e-mail . "  Under longstanding aircraft security policy , and out of an abundance of caution , realistic replicas of firearms are prohibited in carry-on bags . " It 's not the first time a gun replica has delayed a passenger . In 2011 , Virginia Gibbs ' gun-themed purse was flagged as a security risk by TSA officials at the Norfolk , Virginia , airport . The second story took place at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , where the all-vocal rock group Face held an impromptu holiday concert for stranded passengers on December 8 . The group posted about their adventure on Facebook . Weather delays hit the airport especially hard , with thousands of flights delayed and/or canceled over the weekend . Members of Face spent six hours there before finally boarding a flight to their hometown of Denver . And there 's the tale of Canadian airline WestJet treating 250 passengers to an early Christmas . The company created a virtual Santa where passengers could scan boarding passes and tell "  Santa " what they wanted for Christmas . Children and adults alike were encouraged to reveal their wishes . Although one passenger humbly asked for socks and underwear , other gifts included snowboards , TVs and Android tablets . When the passengers arrived at their destination , their gifts were on the baggage carousel . It 's going to be tough for other airlines to compete with this upgrade . Since it was posted Sunday , the video has received more than a million views on YouTube and 14,000 mentions on Twitter and become a trending topic on Facebook . Airline buys passengers Christmas gifts Have you had a unique experience at an airport recently ? Please tell us about it in the comments !	Airports provide the perfect environment for storytelling Tiny toy gun confiscated at St. Louis airport Music group holds impromptu concert for stranded passengers Airline offers passengers a chance at "  Christmas miracle "
CNN  -- Saudi Arabian officials beheaded and then publicly displayed the body of a convicted killer in Riyadh on Friday , an act that prompted a stiff denunciation by a leading human rights monitor . The Saudi Interior Ministry said Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " -- having his body displayed in public -- for the kidnapping and killing of an 11-year-old boy and for the killing of the boy 's father , according to the official Saudi Press Agency . Amnesty International issued a statement deploring the punishment , with the group 's Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui saying in a statement it is "  horrific " that beheadings and crucifixions "  still happen . " Even though the word "  crucifixion " is used to describe the public display , the act has no connection to Christianity and the crucifixion of Jesus . The bodies are not displayed on crosses , Lamri Chirouf , who researches Saudi Arabian issues for Amnesty , explained . The Saudi Interior Ministry asserted that Al-Anzi 's body was displayed as a warning that those involved in similar crimes would suffer the same fate , the press agency reported . The ministry said Al-Anzi kidnapped the boy and held him for a "  malicious purpose " at a grocery store where he worked . He tied rope around the boy 's neck and strangled him to death , the ministry said . When the boy 's father came to the store looking for his son , Al-Anzi axed the father repeatedly until the man died . When police came to arrest Al-Anzi , Al-Anzi resisted arrest by threatening them with a knife . Police later discovered that Al-Anzi had been previously convicted of other crimes , including possession of pornographic videos and sodomy , the Interior Ministry said . Chirouf , the Saudi Arabian researcher for Amnesty International , said his understanding of how the Saudi government carries out crucifixion jibed with Saudi Press Agency 's account . Government officials do use crucifixions , or public displays of executed bodies , as a tool to deter people from committing such a crime , he said . This latest case was classified as an offense of rebellion , one that basically rejected all of the rules of religion and society , he said . Chirouf said those crucified are beheaded first and then their heads are sewn back on their bodies . Then , the corpse is mounted on a pole or a tree . The English-language Saudi Gazette newspaper said the body was placed on public display throughout the evening and Chirouf said it was his understanding that the body was to be displayed for a few hours . In its denunciation of the punishment , Amnesty International deplored the "  extensive use of the death penalty " in Saudi Arabia . "  King Abdullah should show true leadership and commute all death sentences if Saudi Arabia is to have any role to play as a global leader or member of the G-20 , " Sahraoui said . The group asserts that "  trial proceedings " in the country "  fall far below international fair-trial standards . " "  They usually take place behind closed doors without adequate legal representation . Convictions are often made on the basis of "  confessions " obtained under duress , including torture or other ill-treatment during incommunicado detention , " Amnesty International said . "  Those who are sentenced to death are often not informed of the progress of legal proceedings against them or of the date of execution until the morning when they are taken out and beheaded . " Amnesty International said there were 102 executions in Saudi Arabia in 2008 and is aware of 136 people believed to be awaiting execution . It says there has been "  a high number of executions of migrant workers and other foreign nationals , in particular from Asia and Africa . " Al-Anzi was a Saudi national , said Chirouf -- who added "  nobody knows how many people are on death row " in Saudi Arabia .	Man executed for kidnapping , killing boy and killing of the boy 's father Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " "  Crucifixion " describes public display , but not connected to Christianity Amnesty International condemns action ; officials say it is a deterrent
In ruling California 's death penalty unconstitutional , a federal judge said Wednesday the system is so broken it unfairly leaves inmates with uncertain fates -- often for decades . In his decision , Santa Ana-based Judge Cormac J. Carney vacated the 1995 death sentence of Ernest D. Jones , who petitioned the court to determine whether his death sentence was valid . Carney wrote : "  Allowing this system to continue to threaten Mr. Jones with the slight possibility of death , almost a generation after he was first sentenced , violates the Eighth Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment . " The decision will certainly be appealed , said CNN legal analysts Jeffrey Toobin and Mark Geragos . Toobin said no executions could proceed in California while the decision stands . In California , there are 748 people on death row , the most of any state . No executions have been carried out since California put a moratorium on the death penalty in 2006 . Four years later , the state sought to execute a man who raped and murdered a 15-year-old girl , but it was blocked by state and federal courts over concerns about lethal injections . In Wednesday 's ruling , Carney called the administration of the state 's death penalty system "  dysfunctional . " "  In California , the execution of a death sentence is so infrequent , and the delays preceding it so extraordinary , that the death penalty is deprived of any deterrent or retributive effect it might once have had , " he wrote . "  Such an outcome is antithetical to any civilized notion of just punishment . " Since 1978 , more than 900 people in the state have been sentenced to death row , where inmates spend 23 hours alone in their cells . Of those people only 13 have been executed ; 94 have died of other causes . Carney said about 40 % have been on death row longer than 19 years . "  California 's death penalty system is so plagued by inordinate and unpredictable delay that the death sentence is actually carried out against only a trivial few of those sentenced to death , " Carney said , noting that it takes an average of three to five years for a death row inmate just to get an court-appointed attorney for an appeal . The judge noted 285 of the people on death row have been there longer than Jones . "  There clearly was a crisis coming . A lot of people have recognized there is a problem with hundreds of people of death row and hardly any executions , " Toobin said . He noted the situation in California is so unusual it would n't affect death penalty cases in other states . California 's most recent execution was on January 17 , 2006 , according to the website for the state 's Department of Corrections & Rehabilitation . Clarence Ray Allen , 76 , spent 23 years and one month on death row before dying from a lethal injection . He was convicted of orchestrating a triple murder from prison in 1982 . Michael Laurence , executive director of the Habeas Corpus Resource Center and Jones 's lead attorney , said he was glad that a federal judge reaffirmed what a state commission found in 2008 . "  There is no rational explanation , much less any moral or societal justification , for which people are ultimately executed , " Laurence said in a written statement . "  The execution of Mr. Jones , and the others like him whose meritorious legal claims have gone unheard for decades , serves no valid state interest . " The executive director of Death Penalty Focus said the law in California needs to be changed . "  Justice requires that we end this charade once and for all , " said Matt Cherry . "  It 's time to replace California 's broken death penalty with life in prison without the possibility of parole . That 's the best way to ensure that convicted killers remain behind bars until they die , without wasting tens of millions of tax dollars every year on needless appeals . " Jones ' case is expected to be appealed by prosecutors to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , said . Nick Pacilio , a spokesman for state Attorney General Kamala Harris , said her office is reviewing the decision . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Jones ' case Jones was tried and received his death sentence at a time when the attention of the world was focused on another case unfolding on the same floor of Los Angeles downtown courthouse -- the O.J. Simpson murder trial . Simpson , who had assembled a legal "  dream team , " was acquitted ; Jones was represented by a public defender . Jones was convicted and sentenced to death for raping and killing his girlfriend 's mother , Julia Miller , a 50-year-old defense industry accountant . During the trial , Jones was portrayed as the product of a broken home with alcoholic parents . An aunt described his childhood as "  a living hell . " He grew up in poverty , and his parents used drugs in front of the children and battled violently . His mother beat him and his siblings . He developed a drug habit of his own , which included marijuana and cocaine . He told witnesses that he had heard voices and experienced flashbacks during the year before the slaying . He said the victim confronted him over his treatment of her daughter and pointed a rifle at him , which caused him to flash back to violent incidents in his childhood , according to the state Supreme Court opinion affirming his conviction . The court record indicates that Jones had spent several years in prison for raping the mother of a previous girlfriend . The California Supreme Court in 2003 upheld the conviction of Jones on first-degree murder and rape charges . I was 17 , on death row -- and innocent 5 ways to improve the U.S. death penalty	If appealed , no executions can take place -- even if death penalty moratorium ends California attorney general 's office says she is reviewing the decision Ernest D. Jones was sentenced to death for raping , killing girlfriend 's mother A federal judge said the lengthy period he has waited since sentencing violates the Constitution
Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney is heading to North Carolina next week to campaign with Republican Senate nominee Thom Tillis , CNN has learned . This comes as GOP officials believe Tillis , the North Carolina House Speaker , has closed the gap in his race against endangered incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan . Romney , who won North Carolina in the 2012 general election , is scheduled to attend a rally with Tillis in Raleigh next Wednesday , which "  will be a big shot of momentum " for the campaign in the closing days , campaign manager Jordan Shaw told CNN . Tillis allies believe they have gained some support following the controversy surrounding Hagan admitting she missed a classified briefing on ISIS and other security threats to attend a fundraiser . That revelation , prompted by questioning from CNN producer Ted Barrett , prompted Hagan then to attack her opponent on missing legislative work in favor of fundraising . The race for the North Carolina seat is expected to be the most expensive Senate contest this election year and is key for the Democrats if they hope to hold onto control of the Senate . Romney is one of the Republicans ' most sought after surrogates as he crisscrosses the country campaigning with Senate and gubernatorial candidates and repeatedly having to answer whether or not he would be interested in a third run for president . He has said repeatedly this month "  I 'm not running . " He appeared with Idaho Gov. Butch Otter on Wednesday and is planning on campaigning with Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts , who is locked in a tough re-election race , next week . Two sources inside Mitt Romney 's inner circle told CNN last month while he is n't planning a presidential bid , he 's listening to a lot of people who want him to get in the race , although he remains skeptical himself . While these sources said that , as of today , it 's not likely Romney would run , it ca n't be ruled out entirely -- and if the early seeding were to produce a weak field , Romney might be in a positioin to be a late entrant . "  A lot of people in Romneyland are rooting for him to get in , " said one source . "  He 's not one of them . " Another source close to Romney put it this way : "  I would n't bet on it , but I would n't bet either . "	Mitt Romney to attend a Thom Tillis rally next week in North Carolina Sources : Romney cool on third presidential bid , but is listening to people who want him in the race "  A lot of people in Romneyland are rooting for him to get in "
CNN  -- Ferry service between San Francisco and points north will be suspended Tuesday morning in anticipation of an expected protest , a regional transportation agency said . The Golden Gate Bridge , Highway and Transportation District announced Monday that there will be no ferry service across San Francisco Bay between the northern California city and Larkspur and Sausalito until about 2 p.m. Tuesday . The agency said it has been engaged in ongoing contract talks with unions representing 375 of its employees , with the next negotiating meeting set for May 7 . It said there were reports there will be anything from informational picketing on the Golden Gate Bridge to efforts to shut down traffic on the bridge as well as all ferry services , though those possibilities have not been confirmed by the unions themselves . "  So that our customers are not inconvenienced tomorrow morning May 1 when they arrive at the ferry terminals with a strike action , and no service as a result , we are suspending service and informing our customers , " the transportation district said , explaining its move . The announcement was made at 3 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  , two hours after the same agency issued a release stating it was "  planning to operate all of our services  bridge , bus and ferry  on May 1 . " There was no immediate response Monday from union officials as to what exactly is planned . An item on the Local 21 , Professional and Technical Engineers ' website urges union members to "  take off all or part of the workday to participate in May 1 actions " including a Golden Gate Bridge "  rally " from 7 to 10 a.m. . It is unclear what effect any actions might have on traffic on Tuesday on the iconic Golden Gate Bridge , which stretches between the city of San Francisco and Marin County . The Golden Gate Bridge , Highway and Transportation District is in charge of the bridge , which 38 million vehicles crossed last year , as well as transit buses and ferry services that it estimates serve more than 9 million customers annually , according to its website . A group of 21 Bay Area unions -- among them bridge and ferry workers , municipal employees , janitors , nurses , longshoremen and grocery store employees -- is planning several events on Tuesday to illustrate their "  fight together to rebalance the distribution of wealth . " These include "  supporting striking ferryboat workers at Bay Area ferry terminals " between 7 and 10:30 a.m. . There will also be a janitors "  walk-out " at the Westfield Shopping Mall , a march and street festival and an afternoon "  bus tour of the San Francisco 1 % , " according to a press release Monday from the San Francisco Labor Council , one of the organizations that is part of the effort .	NEW : Other unions ' members plan to support ferry workers , among other May Day activities A Bay Area transit agency says ferries wo n't run from Marin County early Tuesday It 's due to fears that an expected union action will negatively affect service The union is urging members to participate in a "  rally " on the Golden Gate Bridge
Hundreds of people are dead as the worst Ebola virus outbreak in history sweeps through West Africa . It began as a handful of cases in Guinea in March but quickly spread to neighboring Sierra Leone and Liberia . Here are nine things to know about what the World Health Organization calls "  one of the world 's most virulent diseases . " Why does Ebola generate such fear ? Medecins Sans Frontieres  MSF  describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " "  It is a highly infectious virus that can kill up to 90 % of the people who catch it , causing terror among infected communities , " it says . There is also no vaccination against it . Of Ebola 's five subtypes , the Zaire strain -- the first to be identified -- is considered the most deadly . The WHO said preliminary tests on the Ebola virus in Guinea in March suggested that the outbreak there was this strain , though that has not been confirmed . What is Ebola ? The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 . The same year there was another outbreak in Sudan . The WHO says there are five different strains of the virus -- named after the areas they originated in . Three of these have been associated with large outbreaks of hemorrhagic fever in Africa . These are the Bundibugyo -- an area of Uganda where the virus was discovered in 2007 -- Sudan and Zaire sub-types . There has been a solitary case of Ivory Coast Ebola . This subtype was discovered when a researcher studying wild chimpanzees became ill in 1994 after an autopsy on one of the animals . The researcher recovered . Finally , Reston Ebola is named after Reston in the U.S. state of Virginia , where this fifth strain of the Ebola virus was identified in monkeys imported from the Philippines . The CDC says while humans have been infected with Ebola Reston , there have been no cases of human illness or death from this sub-type . What are Ebola 's symptoms ? Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . These symptoms can appear two to 21 days after infection . The WHO says these nonspecific early symptoms can be mistaken for signs of diseases such as malaria , typhoid fever , meningitis or even the plague . MSF says some patients may also develop a rash , red eyes , hiccups , chest pains and difficulty breathing and swallowing . The early symptoms progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola can only be definitively confirmed by five different laboratory tests . How is it treated ? There are no specific treatments for Ebola . MSF says patients are isolated and then supported by health care workers . "  This consists of hydrating the patient , maintaining their oxygen status and blood pressure and treating them for any complicating infections , " it says . There have been cases of health care workers contracting the virus from patients , and the WHO has issued guidance for dealing with confirmed or suspected cases of the virus . Caregivers are advised to wear impermeable gowns and gloves and to wear facial protection such as goggles or a medical mask to prevent splashes to the nose , mouth and eyes . MSF says it contained a 2012 outbreak in Uganda by placing a control area around its treatment center . An outbreak is considered over once 42 days -- double the incubation period of the disease -- have passed without any new cases . What drugs exist to combat the disease ? Two American missionary workers infected with Ebola were given an experimental drug called ZMapp , which seems to have saved their lives . The drug , developed by a San Diego firm , had never been tried before on humans , but it showed promise in small experiments on monkeys . But rolling out an untested drug during a massive outbreak would also be very difficult , according to MSF . Experimental drugs are typically not mass-produced , and tracking the success of such a drug if used would require extra medical staff where resources are already scarce . ZMapp 's maker says it has very few doses ready for patient use . There are other experimental drugs . Tekmira , a Vancouver-based company that has a $ 140 million contract with the U.S. Department of Defense to develop an Ebola drug , began Phase 1 trials with its drug in January . But the FDA recently halted the trial , asking for more information . At least one potential Ebola vaccine has been tested in healthy human volunteers , according to Thomas Geisbert , a leading researcher at the University of Texas Medical Branch . And last week , the NIH announced that a safety trial of another Ebola vaccine will start as early as September . And in March , the U.S. National Institutes of Health awarded a five-year , $ 28 million grant to establish a collaboration between researchers from 15 institutions who were working to fight Ebola . "  A whole menu of antibodies have been identified as potentially therapeutic , and researchers are eager to figure out which combinations are most effective and why , " a news release about the grant said . How does Ebola virus spread ? The WHO says it is believed that fruit bats may be the natural host of the Ebola virus in Africa , passing on the virus to other animals . Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans . MSF says that while the virus is believed to be able to survive for some days in liquid outside an infected organism , chlorine disinfection , heat , direct sunlight , soaps and detergents can kill it . MSF epidemiologist Kamiliny Kalahne said outbreaks usually spread in areas where hospitals have poor infection control and limited access to resources such as running water . "  People who become sick with it almost always know how they got sick : because they looked after someone in their family who was very sick -- who had diarrhea , vomiting and bleeding -- or because they were health staff who had a lot of contact with a sick patient , " she said . Can plane passengers become infected ? While the CDC acknowledges it 's possible a person infected with Ebola in West Africa could get on a plane and arrive in another country , the chances of the virus spreading during the journey are low . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " said Stephen Monroe , deputy director of CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions , or other body fluids of ill people , and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids . " He added that most people who have become infected with Ebola lived with or cared for an ill patient . "  This is not an airborne transmission , " said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . "  There needs to be direct contact frequently with body fluids or blood . " Travelers should take precautions by avoiding areas experiencing outbreaks and avoid contact with Ebola patients . "  It is highly unlikely that someone suffering such symptoms would feel well enough to travel , " IATA said in a statement . "  In the rare event that a person infected with the Ebola virus was unknowingly transported by air , WHO advises that the risks to other passengers are low . Nonetheless , WHO does advise public health authorities to carry out contact tracing in such instances . " This means determining who had contact with the affected person . What should flight crew do if Ebola infection is suspected ? The CDC has issued guidance for airline crews on Ebola virus infections . "  As with many other global infectious disease outbreaks , airline carriers , crew members , airports can be very important partners in that front line , " said Cetron . "  Being educated , knowing the symptoms , recognizing what to do , having a response protocol , knowing who to call , those are really , really important parts of the global containment strategy to deal with threats like this . " The CDC advises that when flight crew members encounter a passenger with symptoms that they suspect could be Ebola , such as fever and bleeding , that they keep the sick person away from other passengers . They 've been instructed to wear disposable gloves and to provide the sickened person with a surgical mask to prevent fluids from spreading through talking , sneezing or coughing . The airline cleaning crew are also instructed to wear disposable gloves , wipe down surfaces including armrests , seat backs , trays and light switches . The CDC says that packages and cargo should not pose a risk , unless the items have been soiled with blood or bodily fluids . When someone becomes ill on a flight , the captain is required by aviation regulations to report the suspected case to air traffic control , according to IATA . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? How many cases have there been ? The CDC estimates there have been more than 3,000 cases of Ebola and more than 2,000 deaths since 1976 . The last recorded outbreaks before the current one in Guinea were in 2012 -- in Uganda and Democratic Republic of Congo . The Uganda outbreak involved a total of 24 probable and confirmed cases , and 17 deaths , according to the WHO , which declared it had ended in October 2012 . MSF said the Uganda outbreak had been the Sudan strain , while the virus found in DRC was the Bundibugyo sub-type . Before 2014 , the most deadly outbreak was the 1976 outbreak in then Zaire , when 280 of 318 infected people died , according to the CDC . In 2000 , there were 425 cases of Ebola Sudan in Uganda , which resulted in 224 fatalities .	Ebola causes viral hemorrhagic fever and kills up to 90 % of people who catch it It 's named after the Ebola River in DRC , where one of first outbreaks occurred in 1976 Symptoms can take between two and 21 days to appear after victim contracts virus Humans contract Ebola through contact with bodily fluids of infected animals or humans
Mashable  -- Is it just me or is the ICANN plan to corral online porn going terribly wrong ? We already have reports that universities are snapping up XXX domains in an effort to get ahead of porn pranksters who want to besmirch a few good online names with smut . I guess this turn of events was obvious to anyone with half a brain . Legitimate porn sites have little interest in the triple X domains , which went on sale earlier this week , for their businesses because they see them as potential censorship and , more importantly , they thrive on people accidentally stumbling on their URLs . In the early days of the web this was common because porn purveyors snapped up known names and brands -- none of which had to feature an obvious porn domain label . That 's how "  Whitehouse.com " ended up , for a time , as a porn site . . XXX was designed to improve the situation . No more accidentally typing in , well , something you did n't intend . With a designated porn domain , it 's unlikely anyone would end up in the wrong place . Better yet , corporations and homes could easily block all . XXX domains . That 's the plan , but if pornographers stay away and legitimate people , companies , businesses and universities race to snap up any and all XXX domain names that could be construed as theirs , then this triple XXX domain could be an embarrassing failure for the ICANN  Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers  . Think I 'm exaggerating ? The AP reports that 80,000 XXX domains were sold in presale and many companies like Pepsi and Nike lined up to purchase adult domains . The University of Kansas reportedly just paid $ 3,000 for a variety of XXX URLs . It 's unlikely anyone will ever type in www.KUgirls.xxx , but that 's not the point . The university just wanted to be safe . I understand the impulse . Even as I 'm writing this , I 'm wondering if I , too , should try to protect my good name by buying the LanceUlanoff.xxx domain . I know where to go . GoDaddy.com is registering them for $ 99 a year , making these domains considerably more expensive than standard domains  which you can buy at various sites at anywhere from $ 1.99 or $ 9.99 -- yearly maintenance fees are then more expensive  . According to the website , if I wanted to launch an adult website under that URL , I actually have to become an "  Internet Community Member " and then confirm my status of "  the sponsored adult entertainment community " . My guess is that this is how the ICANN polices the URLs , to ensure that someone is n't registering someone else 's brand as a porn site . I have no plans to do so , which conveniently means I do not have to become a part of the "  Community . " GoDaddy tells me this too , and is -- fortunately , I guess -- only too happy to help me park my URL for the same exorbitant fee . Atop GoDaddy 's XXX domain registration page is this : "  Let 's be adult about it . Create an adult Web presence or protect your brand . " This is followed by an explanation of why you 'd want to register an XXX domain . Note what it starts with : "  Secure your brand . Protect your reputation . " "  Perhaps you 'd like to create an adult entertainment website . Or maybe you 're here to keep your brand from being registered as a . XXX by someone else . Whatever your reasons for wanting a . XXX domain , you 've come to the right place . To check the availability of your domain , type the name you want into the search box above . " GoDaddy has built its brand with coy references to sex  check out any of its Super Bowl ads  , but it 's not being coy here . The message is clear : If you do n't want someone launching a porn XXX domain with your name or brand , you 'd better let GoDaddy take your money and register it for you . While I see the parallels with the early days of the web , this situation is different in one fundamental way : Those snapping up the domains for protection will never use them . No one outside the porn industry wants to run a live XXX domain website . These businesses and universities are simply buying them in what GoDaddy actually calls "  Defensive Registrations " to hide them from view forever  and they 'll pay GoDaddy yearly fees to do so  . Instead of creating a solution , the ICANN 's apparently misguided efforts have spawned a new anxiety : "  Your Brand Name in Porn . " The fear is so strong that it 's got all these people buying up domains just so the wrong people ca n't get them . As I see it , this could be quite a windfall for GoDaddy . The company should send the ICANN a thank-you note . See the original article at Mashable.com  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Universities are buying XXX domains to get ahead of porn pranksters Corporations and homes can easily block all . XXX domains GoDaddy.com is registering them for $ 99 a year , making these domains more expensive
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The sinking of a duck boat that killed two people was "  another tragic example of the deadliness of distraction " the chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday after a final report showed several people involved were on the cell phones or computers . The National Transportation Safety Board released its final report Tuesday for the duck boat crash last July in Philadelphia . The collision killed two Hungarian tourists , Dora Schwendtner , 16 , and Szabolcs Prem , 20 , and plunged the amphibious vessel and its 35 passengers plus two crew members underwater . The five-member safety board met to discuss the findings , probable cause and safety recommendations from the final report presented to the board by NTSB investigators . The fatal collision between the duck boat and a barge on the Delaware River was "  another tragic example of the deadliness of distraction , " said Deborah Hersman , chairwoman of the NTSB . 2010 : Tour boat calls before crash went unanswered According to NTSB findings , tugboat pilot , Matt Devlin , made and received 21 cell phone calls in addition to surfing the Web using a company laptop during his more than two hours at the wheel . After the accident , Devlin initially told his superiors and the Coast Guard that he was dealing with a serious family medical emergency involving his 6-year-old son . Devlin refused to talk to investigators after those initial interviews . The tug pilot was on an outbound personal cell phone call that lasted five to six minutes ; investigators said at the time the duck boat operator was calling for help . The deckhand on the disabled duck boat also was texting , and he sent several messages after dropping anchor , including one a minute before the barge hit . The accident is not about the actions of one person , instead it is shedding light on a new and highly troubling societal norm , Hersman said . "  This is going to reach epidemic proportions , " she said . "  It is well past time to pay attention . " Devlin was in the tug 's lower wheelhouse , not the upper wheelhouse as originally thought , leaving the stalled , 33-foot duck boat in his blind spot , investigators said . The sightseeing duck boat was anchored in the shipping channel after being shut down because the boat 's operator saw smoke and feared an on-board fire . One of the final communications before the crash was from the operator of a passenger ferry moments before the two vessels collided : "  Hey northbound barge . Northbound barge at Penn 's Landing . That duck boat is broken down . " Ride the Ducks initially suspended its Philadelphia operation following the crash . Operations resumed in April with new safety procedures . In addition to the two passengers who drowned , 10 other passengers suffered minor injuries , according to an NTSB report released several months after the incident .	The final NTSB report shows several people involved were on cell phones or computers NTSB chairwoman : "  It is well past time to pay attention " The July collision killed two Hungarian tourists
CNN  -- For their extraordinary efforts to help change the world and better the lives of others , 10 everyday people will receive $ 50,000 and a chance for much more . This select group -- the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 -- was revealed Thursday . All the top 10 were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN . They will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs live December 2 at 9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT . At the tribute show , hosted by Anderson Cooper in Los Angeles , one of the top 10 will be named CNN Hero of the Year and receive an additional $ 250,000 to continue their work . The Hero of the Year is decided by a public vote . Through November 28 , you can vote for your favorite Hero at CNNHeroes.com or from your mobile device . This is the sixth year CNN has conducted its annual search for CNN Heroes . In those years , the campaign has profiled more than 180 people on CNN and CNN.com . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2012 , in alphabetical order : Pushpa Basnet Pushpa Basnet was shocked to learn that many children in Nepal have to live in prisons with their parents . In 2005 , she started a children 's center that has provided support , such as housing , education and medical care , to more than 140 children of incarcerated parents . Wanda Butts Wanda Butts lost her son in a drowning accident six years ago . In his memory , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that taught nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- how to swim . Mary Cortani Mary Cortani is a former Army dog trainer who started Operation Freedoms Paws , a nonprofit that helps war veterans train their own service dogs . Since 2010 , she has worked with more than 80 veterans who have invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder . Catalina Escobar Catalina Escobar is helping young moms in Colombia , where one in five girls age 15-19 is or has been pregnant . Since 2002 , her foundation has provided counseling , education and job training to more than 2,000 teenage mothers . Razia Jan Razia Jan is fighting to educate girls in rural Afghanistan , where terrorists will stop at nothing to keep them from learning . She and her team at the Zabuli Education Center are providing a free education to about 350 girls , many of whom would n't normally have access to school . Thulani Madondo Thulani Madondo struggled as a child growing up in the slums of Kliptown , South Africa . Today , his Kliptown Youth Program provides school uniforms , tutoring , meals and activities to 400 children in the community . Leo McCarthy In memory of his daughter , who was killed by a drunken driver in 2007 , Leo McCarthy started Mariah 's Challenge . The nonprofit gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . Nearly $ 150,000 in scholarship money has been awarded . Connie Siskowski Connie Siskowski is helping young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Since 2006 , her nonprofit has provided assistance to more than 550 young caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . Scott Strode After beating his addiction to drugs and alcohol , Scott Strode found support through sports . Since 2007 , his nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport , has provided free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . Malya Villard-Appolon Malya Villard-Appolon is a rape survivor dedicated to supporting victims of sexual violence in Haiti . In 2004 , she co-founded KOFAVIV , an organization that has helped more than 4,000 rape survivors find safety , psychological support and/or legal aid . In addition to receiving $ 50,000 for being a top 10 CNN Hero , this year 's group will also receive free training from the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . Each Hero will receive a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program , which provides practical guidance on fundraising , communications , management and much more .	The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 represent six countries , four continents They will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which airs live December 2 Who will be Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now online or through your mobile device
CNN  -- Evidence of atrocities including mass killings emerged Tuesday in South Sudan , and the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to send thousands more troops to protect civilians in the young nation convulsed by violence . The council 's vote could nearly double the size of the U.N. peacekeeping force in the country , allowing for up to 12,500 military troops and 1,323 police to patrol there . "  Even with additional capabilities , we will not be able to protect every civilian in need in South Sudan , " Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said after the unanimous Security Council vote that urged the clashing parties to seek a peaceful solution . "  There is no military solution to this conflict , " Ban said , later adding that "  in this season of peace , I urge the leaders of South Sudan to act for peace . " U.N. Assistant Secretary-General Toby Lanzer tweeted that more accounts were reaching him of human rights abuses amid the widening violence that has stoked fears of an all-out civil war in the world 's newest country . "  Mass extrajudicial killings , the targeting of individuals on the basis of their ethnicity and arbitrary detentions have been documented in recent days , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said in a statement . Ban also cited reported rapes and mass graves , and warned that such atrocities could constitute war crimes . One U.N. official saw 14 bodies at a mass grave in Bentiu and another 20 on a nearby riverbank , said Ravina Shamdasani , a UNHCR spokeswoman for the commissioner . "  As for the other two reported graves in Juba , we are still working to verify but it is very difficult , and there are reports that some bodies may have already been burned , " she said . South Sudan 's breathtaking descent into widespread conflict comes a little more than two years after the nation was ushered into existence with help from international powers after decades of civil war between separatists in the oil-rich south and Sudan 's northern government . Fighting began midmonth after President Salva Kiir said forces loyal to the country 's dismissed vice president , Riek Machar , launched a coup attempt . Kiir and Machar are longtime rivals . In an interview with CNN , Machar denied there was a coup attempt . South Sudan has suffered from sporadic violence since its formation in 2011 . But the broad nature of this conflict and the intensity of the violence -- which U.N. officials say has taken on ethnic overtones -- have raised fears of another genocide along the lines of Rwanda , the African nation where 800,000 people were slaughtered in 1994 , according to the United Nations . Ban said Tuesday that he was asking countries contributing troops and other support to existing missions to allow their forces to be shifted to the South Sudan mission as part of the additions approved by the Security Council 's 15-0 vote . He said the request to borrow from other missions was intended to speed up the often lengthy process of getting them authorized and moved into place . "  We need at least five battalions and police officers and attack helicopters and utility helicopters , transport airplanes , " Ban said . He also noted casualties to U.N. forces in South Sudan in the past week , including three members of the U.N. Mission in South Sudan injured Tuesday at the U.N. base in Bor . Marines on standby Meanwhile , about 150 U.S. Marines flew from Spain to Djibouti , hundreds of miles to the east , to prepare for possible participation in helping evacuate Americans . A U.S. defense official said 50 of the Marines moved closer to South Sudan by going to Entebbe in Uganda , CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr reported Tuesday . In a statement , the U.S. military 's Africa Command said Monday it was positioning the Marines to be able to respond should conditions deteriorate even more . The decision grew out of the U.S. experience in Benghazi , Libya , where an attack last year killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . No U.S. forces were close enough to respond quickly . "  One of the lessons learned from the tragic events in Benghazi was that we needed to be better postured , in order to respond to developing or crisis situations , if needed . These precautionary movements will allow us to do just that , " the command said in its statement . According to a senior administration official , 380 Americans and about another 300 third-country nationals have been evacuated . "  Based on registration , there are American citizens in other towns and areas throughout South Sudan . We are trying to track down how many may still be there . Many may have gotten out on their own . We are trying to track that down , " the official said . On Sunday , all Americans who showed up at the U.N. camp in the flashpoint town of Bor were evacuated safely , the State Department said . A State Department official said about 15 Americans were flown out Sunday . U.N. civilian staff were moved from a compound in Bor to Juba , the capital , on Saturday . Continued fighting Sudanese forces retook Bor after a nearly six-hour fight Tuesday , Defense Minister Kuol Manyang Juuk said . During his Christmas address to the public , President Kiir confirmed that the military had reclaimed Bor . There was no immediate independent confirmation . Sudanese military spokesman Col. Philip Aguer also predicted Tuesday that government forces would soon recapture the oil-rich Unity state . Government forces and opposition fighters also clashed Tuesday in Malakal , he said . The United Nations said fighting had spread to five of South Sudan 's 10 states . It described the situation in Juba as "  stable but tense , " but said conditions in Jonglei were deteriorating , with reports of clashes between armed factions near Bor , the site of a U.N. peacekeeping base . Conditions were also tense in Bentiu , where the United Nations reported military units on the move amid sporadic fighting . The United Nations also said it had credible reports civilians were being attacked and killed based on their ethnicity , and reported that private property and the facilities of some humanitarian groups were being looted . Kiir called for calm and unity in his Christmas message . He expressed willingness for a peaceful settlement of differences with his former vice president and all other groups who have taken up arms against government forces . Humanitarian concerns Meanwhile , U.N. officials struggled to make accommodations for some 45,000 people crowding its compounds seeking shelter from the violence . Nearly as many people were seeking shelter elsewhere . U.N. officials said they have concerns about health conditions among those fleeing the fighting and urged assistance for medical care and other needs . The U.N. 's Lanzer , who visited the base in Bor on Monday , said in a statement he had heard "  heartbreaking accounts of people 's suffering . " Ban said Monday the United Nations would do its utmost to protect civilians . "  The U.N. stood with you on your road to independence , " he said in a message to the people of South Sudan . "  We will stay with you now . I know that the current situation is causing great and growing fear . You are seeing people leave the country amid increasing chaos . The U.N. will stay with you . " Diplomatic efforts Secretary of State John Kerry has spoken with Machar in a bid to get talks started between the former vice president and the government , a senior State Department official told CNN . "  He urged him to implement a cease-fire and begin mediated political talks , " the official said . Ethiopia 's foreign minister is leading regional leaders ' efforts to find a political resolution to the crisis , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement Tuesday . Hague said he 'd sent a senior British diplomat to Juba to support the political process . "  South Sudan was a country born amid hopes of increased peace and prosperity for its people , " Hague said . "  The gains made over the past two years should not be thrown away . " The European Union 's foreign affairs minister , Catherine Ashton , said the violence threatens to send South Sudan "  spiraling into a disaster for both its own people and the region . " "  Such a situation can , and must be avoided , " she said in a statement . As Ban did Monday , she called for all sides to begin talks to resolve their differences . "  This dialogue must include all groups , including those whose leaders are currently imprisoned and those in revolt against the government , " she said . "  The use of force will achieve nothing , and all must use their influence to immediately cease hostilities and prevent further fighting which will only cause the further shedding of innocent blood . " CNN 's Khushbu Shah , Mariano Castillo , Jennifer Rizzo , Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Barbara Starr , Nana Karikari-apau , Salma Abdelaziz and Antonia Mortensen and journalist Mading Ngor in Juba , South Sudan , contributed to this report .	NEW : A senior British diplomat arrives in Juba to help with negotiations U.N. chief says new forces to include troops , police , helicopters Ethnic killings and mass graves reported in South Sudan , U.N. official says U.S. Marines are on standby to help rescue Americans stranded in South Sudan
Las Vegas  CNN  -- More than 400 million people trust Google with their e-mail , and 50 million store files in the cloud using the Dropbox service . People manage their bank accounts , pay bills , trade stocks and generally transfer or store huge volumes of personal data online . Who is ultimately in charge of making sure all this information is secure : the government , the companies or the users ? At a lively panel discussion at the annual Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas on Wednesday , computer security experts discussed the roll of the government in online security . The debate centered on whether the U.S. government should take the lead in setting security standards for the industry or whether companies are responsible for their own security and that of their users . "  I lose my cool when I hear people from the government say people from the private sector need to stand up . Providing for the common defense is what the government is supposed to do , " said security systems expert Marcus Ranum . Four ways the Internet could go down The U.S. government is considering various security bills that address online security standards . One controversial bill , the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act , would allow private companies to share data with government agencies when there is an attack or breach , without fear of lawsuits from customers over the shared data . However , several civil liberties groups believe the bill needs more restrictions on how the government can use that shared information . Creating laws is n't the only way the government can push for greater security . It can also use its significant financial sway on major companies . "  The government is an enormous purchasing agent in our industry . Why ca n't the NSA come up with a security standard that they like ? " asked Bruce Schneier , security critic and author . "  Let them go to the operating system companies , the database companies , the cloud providers , and say if you want the government business , you have to adhere to this . " Opponents of the government-control approach say corporations are responsible for their own security online , just as they would be for the physical security of their offices or property . Law enforcement is there to respond to incidents , not make sure the doors are properly locked , they contend . Homeland Security cites sharp rise in cyberattacks Some of the enthusiasm for the government to take the initiative on cyberthreats is rooted in distrust of big Internet companies . At one point , Jennifer Granick , the director of civil liberties at the Stanford Law School Center for Internet and Society , asked the large audience of security professionals who they trusted less , Google or the government ? The majority raised their hands for Google . "  I fear Google more than I pretty much fear the government , " said panelist Jeff Moss , the founder of Black Hat and DEF CON . "  Google , I 'm contractually agreeing to give them all my data . " For now , mutual distrust between the government and the private sector is keeping the two sides from working together as effectively as possible , and the public could suffer because of it . "  The biggest risks right now are not the bad guys , " said Schneier . "  They are the good guys who are not doing enough . " The users do have some responsibility to protect their data online , but the panelists agreed that regular people will usually bypass any extra steps , even if they are in their best interest , in the name of convenience . Google takes on drug cartels	Experts at the Black Hat conference debate the role of the government in online security Congress is considering multiple cybersecurity bills Individuals prize convenience over their own security online , attendees say
Tokyo  CNN  -- A U.S. Navy sailor has been found dead with a head injury at a Japanese train station , local police said Monday . Petty Officer 2nd Class Samuel Lewis Stiles was discovered surrounded by seven or eight alcoholic drink cans on the platform in Haiki Station in Nagasaki Prefecture at 5 a.m. Sunday , Haiki police said . The death , which police say they are investigating as either an accident or a crime , comes at a delicate time for the U.S. military in Japan after two U.S. sailors were arrested earlier this month on accusations they raped a local woman . That case provoked an angry reaction from Japanese officials , and the U.S. military responded by imposing a curfew on its troops in Japan . The curfew restricted military personnel to bases , personal homes or hotels between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. . The time at which Stiles 's body was found suggests he may have been out in breach of this curfew . He was wearing civilian clothes , not uniform , and did n't have any personal belonging around him , police said . Stiles was stationed at the U.S. base in Sasebo , the city in Nagasaki where Haiki Station is situated .	The sailor is found on a station platform Police are investigating the death as either an accident or a crime It comes after the U.S. military imposed a curfew on troops in Japan
Madrid  CNN  -- Spanish unions were making final preparations for a general strike Thursday to protest the new conservative government 's labor reforms and austerity cuts . It will be the first general strike against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , which was elected in November and took office in December , in the midst of Spain 's deep economic crisis . Leaders of the two main unions -- the Socialist-leaning General Workers Union  UGT  and the Communist-leaning Workers Commissions  CCOO  -- were due in Madrid 's central Puerta del Sol plaza late Wednesday to meet with union picketers who will then spread out across the capital , while other picketers fan out across the nation . The unions are expected to try to disrupt public transportation and major industry in the early hours of the strike , either through workers staying off the job or through informational picketers who will noisily greet people trying to go to work and ask them to join the strike . The last general strike , in September 2010 , was against the then-Socialist government , which also had initiated austerity measures . That strike slowed industry and transport , but much of the country went to work and many analysts saw it as a kind of a draw between the government and unions . Since then , the economic crisis has deepened . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 % overall , and nearly 50 % for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work . Union protests across the nation this month and last drew large crowds , which analysts say emboldened the unions to move ahead with a general strike . The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace and to simplify the rules for employers . But unions say the effect will be to make it easier and cheaper to fire workers . The unions ' strike theme is : "  They want to end labor and social rights and finish off everything . " At the MercaMadrid wholesale fish market , one of the largest in Europe , seafood wholesaler Alfonso Mozos , who employs 120 people , said he does n't think striking is good . "  It would be better if unions , the government and employers would negotiate and find a solution , " he said . Union picketers are expected at the entrance to the sprawling market on Madrid 's south side , but some employees say they plan to work despite the strike . "  If the boss buys fish and we need to come , we 'll come , " said Pedro Marin , a worker at the wholesale market . "  But if the union pickets outside wo n't let us in , we 'll just have to wait , or maybe go home . " Many other Spaniards , who have already seen their salaries cut or frozen in the economic crisis , were debating whether to strike . If they walk out , they will lose a day 's wage , which for government workers could amount to several hundred dollars . Unions and government officials in many , but not all , of Spain 's 17 regions have agreed on minimum services , which generally call for about 30 % of public transportation to run , while public hospitals and other essential services would have reduced staff , similar to holiday levels . The unions also plan 80 demonstrations across the country on Thursday , mostly in the late afternoon or eary evening . The strike comes one day before the government unveils its 2012 budget on Friday , with the aim of reducing Spain 's deficit to 5.3 % of gross domestic product this year , and to 3 % next year , to meet European Union requirements . The government already approved a $ 20 billion  15 billion euro  package of austerity cuts and tax hikes to reduce the deficit , and on Friday it is expected to announce a second package of the same size or larger . Government critics say it will be the first time the government really shows its hand on where to make deep cuts in specific programs and agencies . Rajoy , at a recent European Union summit , was reported by Spanish media to be overheard on an open microphone telling another EU leader that the labor reforms would cost him a general strike . The reforms were approved first as a decree law , with immediate effect , and the unions called on the government to make amendments as the bill moved through parliament . But the conservatives have a commanding majority in parliament and later approved the reforms unchanged . The government says the labor reforms make up only a portion of the elements needed to spur an economic recovery . It predicts a 1.7 % decline in the economy this year . The government also has demanded reforms in the banking sector , with the aim of getting credit flowing again and to clean up the books of lenders stuck with huge uncollectible debts left over from Spain 's real estate and construction boom that went bust , precipitating the economic crisis .	Spain 's unions called for a general strike Thursday The unions hope to disrupt transportation and industry Spain has an unemployment rate of 23 %
CNN  -- Inventor Nikola Tesla may have died alone and broke , but he has powerful friends who want to preserve his legacy . Cartoonist Matthew Inman , the brain behind "  The Oatmeal , " is one . Using his popular web comic , Inman launched an effort to turn Tesla 's former laboratory in Shoreham , New York , into a museum . Tesla , who lived from 1856 to 1943 , developed the basis for AC power , among other ideas and innovations that have shaped our lives . He obtained more than 100 patents , according to the Tesla Memorial Society of New York . Inman partnered with the Tesla Science Center at Wardenclyffe , a nonprofit group , to generate widespread interest in a museum . The cartoonist sang the inventor 's praises in a humorous , profane comic hailing Tesla as superior to the better-known Thomas Edison  "  Basically , Tesla = Nicest . Inventor . EVER , " Inman wrote  . Through the crowdfunding website Indiegogo , the nonprofit and Inman stirred up more than $ 1.3 million in 2012 , when the facility and land were put up for sale . That was enough money to save the property , but not quite what was needed to renovate it for an actual museum . From grains of ` Oatmeal , ' big things for cartoonist So this week Inman turned to a man who has become a household name in his own right : Elon Musk , CEO of SpaceX and Tesla Motors , which is named for the inventor . Inman published an Oatmeal comic called "  What it 's like to own a Tesla Model S , " bursting with enthusiasm about owning the electric car , and then appealed to Musk in a second installment . "  Elon Musk , if you 're reading this : You owe us nothing , and you 've done nothing but good things in the name of Nikola Tesla , " Inman wrote in his endearing handwriting-esque typeface . "  But the fact remains : Tesla Motors , a company now worth billions , is using Nikola Tesla 's name and they 're using his technology , and all we want in return is a little bit of help . " Inman wrote that automobiles have AC induction motors and bear the Tesla name , despite the fact that no one from Nikola Tesla 's family was involved in founding the car company . According to the Tesla Memorial Society of New York , Nikola Tesla invented the AC induction motor , which he sold to Westinghouse in 1888 . "  But the idea of a car company using someone else 's family name without any formal connection to them is a slightly arresting notion , " Inman wrote . "  It would be like naming a company ` Steve Jobs Hoverbikes ' 50 years from now , regardless of any ties to Apple or Jobs himself . " During the initial fundraiser for the museum , Musk donated $ 2,500 , Inman wrote . But what the Tesla Museum would need to open , he said , is another jolt of $ 8 million . Inman tweeted Tuesday " @elonmusk I wrote a review of my Model S , and then asked you for a little favor here -LSB- link -RSB- . " To the delight of many Twitter users , Musk tweeted back : " @Oatmeal I would be happy to help . " Of course , we do n't know if "  help " means the full $ 8 million or much less . Musk 's Tesla Motors declined to say how much Musk would donate . But for fans of Tesla 's work and legacy , the possibility is electrifying . Elizabeth Landau is on Twitter at @lizlandau CNNMoney 's Katherine Lobosco contributed to this report .	Unsung inventor Nikola Tesla lived from 1856 to 1943 A campaign is underway to turn his former laboratory into a museum Cartoonist Matthew Inman asked Elon Musk for $ 8 million donation Musk tweeted that he is "  happy to help "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Thirty-five years since Roe v. Wade , and little , it seems , has changed . The January 22 , 1973 , Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion remains the law of the land , and passions remain high on both sides of the issue , with annual protests on the anniversary . Access to abortion , then and now , is more than just about simple legalities . Social , religious and family values , as well as finances and politics , still play a role in shaping the abortion issue , but many legal and medical experts say the debate has become predictable . "  Much of the controversy about abortion is really stimulated by the interest groups on both sides of the political question , rather than by ordinary Americans , " said David Garrow , a law professor at Cambridge University , and a longtime Supreme Court scholar . "  The American people and many political leaders have already made up their minds about legal abortion . " Public opinion on abortion has remained remarkably stable over the years . A CNN/Opinion Research survey in October found 36 percent of Americans think abortion should be legal in most or all circumstances , 40 percent believe it should be available in a few circumstances , such as to save the mother 's life , and 22 percent say abortion should never be legal . That is almost unchanged in the past 15 years . The Roe decision did not prompt "  abortion on demand , " as many opponents of the procedure predicted it would . Nor have various legislatures or court rulings restricted access as much as some supporters claim . New research from the Alan Guttmacher Institute found the rate of abortions is at its lowest level since Roe , and the total number is also in decline , about 1.2 million in the year 2005 , down 25 percent since the all-time high in 1990 . For the Supreme Court justices , Roe reflected earlier cases involving the right to privacy . That "  right , " wrote Justice Harry Blackmun in the main opinion for the court , is "  broad enough to encompass a woman 's decision whether or not to terminate her pregnancy . " "  Prior to Roe , " said Garrow , "  whether one could obtain a legal abortion in the face of an unwanted pregnancy was a crapshoot . For 30 years now , it 's been a constitutionally guaranteed right . " But the ruling was a qualified one , as many anti-abortion supporters have noted over the years , and that fact has been used by them in their efforts to narrow the scope of other abortion provisions . Blackmun noted the state 's "  important interests in safeguarding health , maintaining medical standards , and protecting potential life " are compelling enough to justify regulation "  at some point in pregnancy . " That "  qualified right " found its form in the controversial "  trimester analysis " laid out by the justices in Roe : permitting no government regulation during the first three months ; allowing limited regulation in the second trimester to protect women 's health and safety ; and granting government the power to ban abortions during the third trimester -- in which medical consensus has concluded the fetus is capable of living on its own . After Roe , the high court affirmed the right to abortion in subsequent cases : striking down a provision requiring a husband 's consent for a first-trimester abortion and a provision requiring parental consent for an unmarried woman under 18 ; striking down efforts to expand on laws requiring women to give informed consent before having an abortion ; striking down a 24-hour waiting period ; and striking down a law requiring doctors to inform women of the risks and of assistance available if she completed pregnancy . But there was one notable victory for anti-abortionist activists : banning use of taxpayer funds to finance abortions for poor women . The abortion issue has been revisited several times since Roe , most famously in two cases : Webster v. Reproductive Health Services  1989  and Planned Parenthood v. Casey  1992  . Webster  a 5-4 decision  upheld major parts of a Missouri abortion law that prohibited use of public facilities or the participation of public employees in abortions , and required doctors to test the viability of a fetus before performing an abortion . Justices William Rehnquist , Byron White and Anthony Kennedy said they would allow restrictions on abortion , but only if the restrictions had a rational basis . More important , the three conservative justices said a compelling government interest need not be required to justify restrictions on abortion . That was a blow for anti-abortion forces . Then came the Planned Parenthood ruling , in which the justices clearly outlined their views on Roe . The decision  also 5-4  reaffirmed the heart of Roe while giving states the power to regulate procedures so long as they did not impose an "  undue burden " on a woman 's right to abortion . The standard : Undue burden exists if "  the purpose and effect is to place substantial obstacles in the path of a woman seeking an abortion before the fetus attains viability . " The ruling left supporters on both sides of the issue dissatisfied , feeling it was ambiguous . Justice Sandra Day O'Connor did not join either opinion , saying there was nothing in it to justify reconsidering Roe . Nevertheless , Blackmun wrote , "  the right to reproductive choice " was in danger of being overturned . Another legacy of Roe that remains : The head-counting of justices on the court , a what-if scenario that could lead to the overturning of Roe . The current 5-4 conservative majority could shift significantly in either direction if two or more justices leave the bench in the next few years , as is widely expected . In the meantime , conservatives in Congress have promised to push for tougher restrictions on the access to abortion , though many political experts say the goal is not necessarily aimed at overturning Roe . They found success last year when the justices in a sharply divided 5-4 ruling upheld a federal ban on a controversial a late-term procedure , rejecting concerns the law did n't take into account the physical safety of the mother . The procedure is typically performed by doctors in the middle to late second trimester . The legal sticking point was that the law lacked a "  health exception " for a woman who might suffer serious medical complications , something the justices have said in the past is necessary when considering abortion restrictions . The swing vote , as in previous cases , came from Kennedy . In angry dissent , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , the lone woman on the high court since O'Connor stepped down , called the majority 's conclusions "  alarming " and said they "  can not be understood as anything other than an effort to chip away a right declared again and again by this court , and with increasing comprehension of its centrality to women 's lives . " If there is one last legacy of the Roe decision , it may be that it opened up and expanded the entire debate on the rights of women , sexuality , health care , and medical decisions . Issues like cloning , stem cells , and fetal research have become part of the national lexicon . As significant as it was , Roe v. Wade was only the beginning of the battle . E-mail to a friend	35th anniversary of January 22 , 1973 , Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade 36 percent of Americans say abortion should be legal in most or all circumstances 40 percent believe it should be available in a few circumstances , poll says 22 percent say abortion should never be legal , poll says
CNN  -- Venezuela continues to nationalize private businesses , with President Hugo Chavez announcing late Monday that the government will take over two U.S.-owned Owens-Illinois glass-manufacturing plants . Chavez also ordered an environmental investigation at the sites , the state-run Agencia Venezolana de Noticias reported . Owens-Illinois did not know what will happen next , a spokeswoman said Tuesday . "  We have n't received official word from the government yet , " said spokeswoman Stephanie Johnston . Venezuelan military personnel were at the company 's plant in Los Guayos , Johnston told CNN . No Venezuelan authorities were on the scene at the company 's plant in Valera , Johnston said . "  Both plants continue to operate as usual , " she said . Owens-Illinois Inc. says it is the world 's leading glass container maker with more than 22,000 employees in 21 countries . The $ 7.1 billion company has global headquarters in Perrysburg , Ohio . Chavez , who has nationalized other industries and land holdings during his 11-year tenure , said he soon will announce the takeover of other foreign companies that have been "  exploiting the country 's working class . " U.S. officials said Tuesday they were monitoring developments . "  We 've seen the announcement and are following the situation closely , " the State Department said . "  We would expect Venezuela to provide prompt , adequate and effective compensation for any expropriation of the investments of Owens-Illinois in accordance with international law . " Chavez nationalized a local unit of U.S. food giant Cargill last year . He previously has appropriated privately owned oil , telecommunications , power , cement and steel companies . CNN 's Arthur Brice and Juan Carlos Lopez contributed to this report .	Owens-Illinois owns two glass-manufacturing plants in Venezuela The company said it had not received official word from Venezuela yet Venezuelan soldiers were at one of the plants , a company spokeswoman said
CNN  -- Should a convicted rapist , who has served their time in prison , be allowed to resume their old job ? What if that job was as a high-profile football player ? In the early hours of Friday , Ched Evans was released from a British prison -- a Category C facility for sex offenders -- after serving half of a five-year sentence for raping a 19-year-old girl in a hotel room . A blacked-out silver Mercedes 4x4 apparently whisked him out of sight of the waiting photographers before dawn had even broken . In another life , photographers had trained their lenses on the 25-year-old Evans for very different reasons -- he was the prized player of third-flight English league club Sheffield United , signed for  # 3 million  $ 4.8 million  in 2009 . Three years later , that privileged existence came to an abrupt end after the Wales international striker was found guilty of rape -- a conviction he denies . He might have "  done the time , " but not everyone believes Evans should be allowed to tie up his bootlaces and start scoring goals again , with almost 150,000 people signing a petition against his return to the League One team . "  A lot of the backlash has been over the fact that he 's not accepted his guilt , despite having served his sentence , " lawyer and Football Association agent , Shehneela Ahmed , told CNN . "  But where does it say that a convicted criminal , who has served their time , can not go out to work ? " Role model ? As an elite football player earning the sort of money most people can only dream of , Evans does not have your average job . The Deputy Prime Minister , Nick Clegg , who is also an MP in Sheffield , said Evans ' position as a role model for young boys needed to be taken into consideration by his future employers . "  He has done his time , but I just do n't believe that the owners of a football club can somehow wish away the fact that that has happened , " Clegg told LBC Radio . "  You are taking on a role model , particularly for a lot of young boys who look up to their heroes on a football pitch in a team like that , and he has committed a very serious crime . " Club statement With the media furore increasing , Sheffield United took the unusual step Saturday of denying a report in an English newspaper that Evans has been offered a contract by them to play again . "  An article in The Sun today , that Sheffield United has offered a contract to former player Ched Evans is false and damaging to the club , " read a statement on its official website . "  We have made a statement on this matter previously and the lack of credibility and substance from this latest media report does not warrant any expansion from previous comments apart from noting that we are continuing to deliberate on any long term decision about Ched Evans . " Polly Neate , chief executive of charity Women 's Aid , asked what message would be sent out if Evans played for United again . "  The club has a responsibility to look at who it is hiring in high-profile positions , and consider whether a convicted rapist , who continues to protest that he 's done nothing wrong and whose case has attracted widespread victim-blaming language , is someone that they want to be representing their brand , " she told CNN . "  It 's important that high profile institutions take a stand about the seriousness of rape as a crime , and do not in any way condone the blaming of victims of rape , or participate in a culture which trivializes violence against women . " Playing fair ? Ahmed argued that much of the fury over Evans ' possible return to football was related to footballers ' relatively high earnings . "  I think people are angry because normally a lot of the criminals who are sent to prison , once they 've served their sentence in relation to a heinous crime , have to start from scratch trying to get employment , " she explained . "  But this is a young lad who has committed a crime , never admitted his guilt , and despite that , he comes out of prison and walks into a job which is so well paid . " Evans was never sacked by the Sheffield club , which instead allowed his contract to expire while he was in prison . So far , Evans has not revealed if he intends to return to football at all . Though all eyes will be watching his next move closely . Media scrutiny They will have to wait until next week , when Evans has promised to "  make a very personal and profound statement by video , " on his website . "  Natasha -LSB- Evans ' girlfriend -RSB- and the family never asked for this media intrusion but it was thrust upon them following events of that night in Rhyl -LSB- where the incident took place -RSB- , coupled with an insatiable and hungry media society , " said Evans , referring to the northern Welsh town . "  All they have ever asked for is for the media to report fairly , help raise the concerns that there are from the vast section of society about Ched 's conviction , and have a sensible debate . " He was n't the only one apparently tormented by the media , with Neate saying the victim 's life was made hell after being identified by Evans ' supporters . "  Not only was the original trial covered extensively in the media , but the victim was harassed and unlawfully identified by Ched Evans ' supporters , and her life has been very badly affected , " she said . "  He has shown no remorse , and his former employer -- Sheffield United -- has not said anything to condemn the crime he committed . " What next ? Sheffield United boss , Nigel Clough , has said only that he has had talks with club officials about the possibility of Evans returning , according to the BBC . But as Ahmed argues : "  If Sheffield United do n't take him , what 's there to say another club wo n't sign him ? Whether it 's in the UK or abroad ? "  What impact could his return have on their brand ? That 's something Sheffield United is going to have to look into . " Ultimately Evans may have left jail , but his conviction remains , and his future remains uncertain .	Footballer Ched Evans released after serving sentence for rape Convicted of raping 19-year-old girl in hotel room in 2012 Almost 150,000 sign petition against his return to Sheffield United NEW : Sheffield Utd denies reports it has offered a contract to Evans
CNN  -- Ask a small farmer in Indonesia about the impact of the global financial crisis on his daily life and he will answer , "  Crisis ? What crisis ? " As farmers , we know what a big crisis is . In 1997 , we saw the collapse of the whole economy , driving thousands of unemployed construction and industry workers back to the villages , where their families already had difficulties making ends meet . But the current situation is different and raises some worrying alarm bells . Although national industry keeps hiring workers and new infrastructure projects continue to pop up , our daily life has worsened on several fronts . The most noticeable change is the increased pressure on agricultural land . Thousands of small farmers have been evicted from the fields they have cultivated for generations , because local or national authorities are giving concessions to large companies to exploit the land . Many Indonesian farmers do not have any clear land titles , as it is estimated that only 40 % of ownership can be proven by formal certificates . Moreover , some territories on the national mapping appear as "  empty " , even if they have been inhabited for generations . In principle , most of the farmers ' communities are covered by customary laws that are also recognized by the state . However , land deals are extremely profitable both for the authorities and for the companies who negotiate them . The lack of respect for people 's rights to land makes it extremely easy for companies to brutally evict farmers . They are replaced by large plantations , including palm oil and rubber plantations , food estates , mines , roads and other infrastructure projects . This results in increasingly violent land conflicts as local communities resist eviction . The Indonesian Peasant Union  SPI  calculated that the number of land conflicts increased five-fold , from 22 in 2010 to 120 in 2011 . A case involving the alleged killing of nine farmers in South Sumatra and Lampung Provinces is now being investigated by the Indonesian Parliament . Similar human rights violations are taking place on a daily basis in the archipelago . In 2011 alone , the farmer 's union counted 20 deaths due to land conflicts in Indonesia . The government routinely prioritizes large-scale , export-oriented production over the needs of local growers and consumers . The financial crisis has accelerated this dramatic land grab as farmland is now seen by the finance industry as a considerable source of returns . Indonesia 's fast rate of deforestation Instead of protecting local farmers from massive evictions , the Indonesian government is further opening the doors to foreign investors . In the framework of the East Asia World Economic Forum that took place in 2011 in Jakarta , the chairman of the Indonesian chamber of commerce Suryo Bambang Sulisto announced that 14 transnational companies including Cargill , Monsanto , Syngenta , Bunge and ADM , had signed a partnership agreement with the government to increase food productivity in Indonesia . We are facing other problems . Uncertainty about commodity prices has increased tremendously since 2007 . Whether we are producing for export or for the local market , prices have become unpredictable . Prices of inputs -- such as seeds , fertilizers and energy -- have become very volatile , making it impossible for us to assess our production costs . For farmers , price instability and volatility are worse than simply low prices : It makes it virtually impossible to plan what to grow in the coming season , what products we can buy , and so forth . There are a number of causes of this volatility , including a lack of food reserves and the arrival of global financial speculators in agricultural markets following the sub-prime crisis . We are also dealing with a surge of cheap imported products into the domestic market . In village markets on Java island , we now see potatoes and chillies imported from China at a very low price . The minimum production cost of potatoes in those villages is 7,000 rupiah a kilo , but Chinese potatoes are sold at 2,500 rupiah . This discourages farmers from producing , ultimately raising unemployment , encouraging more people to migrate away from rural areas and putting pressure elsewhere in the system , especially in our already stressed urban areas . For these reasons , we feel that even though farmers constitute almost half the Indonesian workforce , our economic sector is the most neglected in the country . We have the capacity and natural resources to feed the whole country yet we are deprived of our land , and our government has failed to pursue agricultural policies to enable us to continue our vital role . According to the Indonesian government 's own figures , 2.16 million farmers had to leave farming in 2011 due to a lack of land and incentives . In our Indonesian villages , we do n't currently talk about any particular "  world crisis . " We talk about the continuing daily struggle to make a living in extremely harsh conditions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Henry Saragih	In 1997 Indonesia farmers witnessed the collapse of the whole economy But the current "  crisis " is worrying and a farmer 's daily life is getting worse Farmers face issues including pressure on land and cheap imported goods Indonsian farmers do n't talk of "  crisis , " but of life 's continuing daily struggle
CNN  -- Fox is n't getting rid of mainstay "  American Idol , " but the network is rethinking its approach . That was one of the highlights of Fox 's unveiling of its 2014-2015 schedule on Monday , during which the network placed a spotlight on new series such as "  Gotham , " its highly publicized Batman prequel , and "  Red Band Society , " a sometimes comedic drama starring Oscar winner Octavia Spencer . And yet the most intriguing news did n't have to do with Fox 's fall season lineup at all , but what 's to come in 2015 . Fox Entertainment Chairman Kevin Reilly told reporters that the network plans to "  streamline " "  American Idol " as the long-running singing competition heads into its 14th season . "  Next year , the format will be different . There will be less hours , " Reilly told reporters Monday on a conference call . "  I think it will be a two-night format initially during the audition phase , and will quite likely end up as a two-hour show on one night for most of its run . " This news comes on the heels of a New York Times story about music-based shows losing viewiership . Reilly also touched on the changes coming for another one of the network 's flagship series : "  Glee . " The song-driven drama/comedy will return for its final episodes in the midseason , and Reilly indicated that the network is still discussing with the show 's co-creators on how best to wrap up the series . While Fox has ordered 22 episodes for "  Glee 's " last stretch , Reilly said that could change . "  We need to sit down with  co-creator  Ryan Murphy on how to end it , " Reilly said . "  The advantage of airing it later in the season is that it does n't have to feel the pressure of delivering . " As far as the fall 2014 season , it looks like Fox is relying heavily on "  Gotham , " placing the series up front and center on Mondays . Here 's what to look for on the network this fall ; new shows are in bold and all times are Eastern . Monday 8 to 9 p.m. : "  Gotham " : Starring Ben McKenzie as a young Jim Gordon , this drama serves as an origin story for the Caped Crusader and his friends and foes , from Gordon to Catwoman and The Penguin . Jada Pinkett Smith also stars as the gangster Fish Mooney . 9 to 10 p.m. : "  Sleepy Hollow " Tuesday 8 to 9 p.m. : "  Utopia " : Fifteen individuals are moved to an isolated location and told to make their own civilization in this unscripted , twice-weekly series that questions whether a perfect world can exist . 9 to 9:30 p.m. : "  New Girl " 9:30 to 10 p.m. : "  The Mindy Project " Wednesday 8 to 9 p.m. : "  Hell 's Kitchen " 9 to 10 p.m. : "  Red Band Society " : A group of teenagers bonds when they meet as patients in the pediatric ward of a Los Angeles hospital . Thursday 8 to 9 p.m. : "  Bones " 9 to 10 p.m. : "  Gracepoint " : A 10-episode event series that follows a small beach town 's investigation into the murder of a young boy . Starring David Tennant , the mystery crime drama is based on the U.K. 's successful series "  Broadchurch . " Friday 8 to 9 p.m. : "  Masterchef Junior " 9 to 10 p.m. : "  Utopia " Saturday 7 to 10:30 p.m. : "  Fox Sports Saturday : Fox College Football " Sunday 7 to 7:30 p.m. : "  NFL on FOX " 7:30 to 8 p.m. : "  The OT " / "  Bob 's Burgers " 8 to 8:30 p.m. : "  The Simpsons " 8:30 to 9 p.m. : "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " 9 to 9:30 p.m. : "  Family Guy " 9:30 to 10 p.m. : "  Mulaney " : The new comedy on Fox 's block stars John Mulaney as a stand-up comic looking for his big break as his friends both support him and get in the way . Along with "  Glee " and "  American Idol , " Fox is planning to roll out detective series "  Backstrom " ; Seth MacFarlane 's animated series "  Bordertown " ; and Lee Daniels ' family drama "  Empire " in 2015 .	Fox announces its 2014-2015 season on Monday The network has two new dramas and an event series planned for the fall There will also be a new comedy from John Mulaney
CNN  -- The FBI has begun a preliminary inquiry into allegations by the CIA that Senate staffers obtained unauthorized access to classified documents related to the agency 's now-defunct post-9 / 11 interrogation program , according to people familiar with the matter . The CIA 's charges , made in criminal referrals to the Justice Department , are in contrast to Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein 's accusations last week that the agency spied on computers used by committee staffers at a CIA facility to investigate the Bush-era interrogation program . The committee staff has produced a 6,300-page report on the program , which critics say violated prohibitions on torture and exceeded legal guidance from the Justice Department . But the report remains in limbo , awaiting a declassification review by the CIA , which has disputed some of Senate findings . The unusual dispute has raised tensions between the agency and lawmakers charged with overseeing the agency 's activities . Feinstein is usually one of the intelligence community 's staunchest allies in Congress . Justice Department officials have tried to avoid getting drawn into the fight , and some lawmakers have questioned whether it is appropriate for Justice , as an agency in the executive branch , to probe a dispute between legislators and another agency . The FBI 's preliminary inquiry is intended to determine whether a full-fledged investigation is warranted , people familiar with the matter said . McClatchy Newspapers first reported the FBI inquiry . CIA Director John Brennan has disputed Feinstein 's accusations . Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations last week , he said "  when the facts come out on this , I think a lot of people who are claiming that there has been this tremendous sort of spying and monitoring and hacking will be proved wrong . " Documents that prompted the dispute relate to an internal review by former CIA Director Leon Panetta and , according to the agency , were intended to help summarize material it was providing to the committee . The documents were plainly labeled as for internal use and were not supposed to be reviewed by the committee . Feinstein said Senate staffers found the documents in the course of their work that were put in the computer system either on purpose by a whistleblower or perhaps in error , and that they corroborated some of the committee 's findings that the agency now says it disagrees with . She said committee staff routinely sees such documents and did n't violate any classified restrictions . Dean Boyd , a CIA spokesman , said in an op-ed published in USA Today that the agency acted properly after it discovered Senate staffers may have accessed and retained sensitive documents stored in a CIA computer network . "  These documents were privileged , deliberative , pre-decisional executive branch material that implicated separation of powers concerns , " Boyd wrote . "  Because we were concerned that there may have been a breach or vulnerability in the CIA local area network on which CIA stored these documents , CIA information technology specialists were asked to conduct a limited review to determine whether these files were located on the side of the CIA network the committee was authorized to use . That review appeared to confirm the committee 's unauthorized access to the documents . "	Preliminary inquiry over CIA allegations Senate staffers obtained unauthorized access to documents Senate committee chair , in turn , accused CIA of spying on panel 's computers Senate Intelligence Committee was reviewing CIA documents for report on interrogation program
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraqi authorities executed four al-Qaeda senior leaders after they were convicted of terrorism , the nation 's Ministry of Justice reported Monday . Manaf Abdul-Raheem Abdul-Hameed al-Rawi , the leader of the so-called Islamic State of Iraq in Baghdad , was among the four who were executed by hanging Monday morning . The executions came on a day when a suicide bomber drove an oil tanker into a police station in central Tikrit , killing at least nine people and wounding 20 , an official with Iraq 's interior ministry said . Tikrit is about 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of Baghdad . It 's a predominantly Sunni town located in Salaheddin province and is the hometown of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . In Baghdad , two policemen and a civilian were shot dead by gunmen in a pair of incidents , the Interior Ministry said . Two other people were wounded , according to the ministry official . The security situation in Iraq was supposed to be the subject of a parliamentary session Monday attended by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who is also the military 's commander-in-chief , along with the acting minister of defense , the acting minister of interior , the commander of Baghdad operation command and the head of Iraqi intelligence services . But al-Maliki did not attend , instead sending a letter to the speaker of the parliament , Ossama al-Nujaifi , saying that to discuss such sensitive issues in an open session could harm national security . 18 killed as car bombs target Shiite worshipers in Iraq The prime minister asked for a closed session including only the leaders of the Iraqi political blocs and the members of the parliamentary commission for security . He asked that the meeting be at his office to guarantee confidentiality . After the letter was read to Iraqi lawmakers by al-Nujaifi , they agreed to schedule a closed session next week , but insisted that al-Maliki should come to the parliament and discuss security developments in front of all Iraqi lawmakers . "  We will not give up our constitutional duty . It can be in a closed session but al-Maliki should attend the parliament and speak in front of all members of parliament , " al-Nujaifi said . A few members shouted that al-Maliki should adhere to the Iraqi constitution and not give weak excuses for not attending Monday 's session . The session was broadcast live on a number of Iraqi satellite television carriers . However , Al Iraqiya state television aired only part of the session . Executions such as those conducted by the government Monday morning were addressed in Amnesty International 's annual report , issued in March . The death penalty was suspended after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion but was quickly restored by the first post-invasion Iraqi government . Executions resumed in 2005 . 2 killed when explosive device detonates in Iraqi restaurant Since then , at least 447 prisoners have been executed , including Saddam Hussein , some of his main associates , and alleged members of armed groups . Hundreds of prisoners await execution on death row . Iraq , where 129 prisoners were hanged in 2012 , is now one of the world 's leading executioners , Amnesty International said . With Monday 's violence , April 's start was similar to March 's end . On Sunday , at least seven people were killed and more than 17 were wounded in violence across the country , police officials said . In figures compiled by Iraq 's Interior , Defense and Health ministries for the month of March , 163 Iraqi civilians , policemen and soldiers were killed in acts of violence across the country and 256 were wounded . The figures do n't include the Kurdistan region in northern Iraq . Since the pullout of the U.S.-led coalition forces , Iraqi security forces have sometimes struggled to maintain order . Daily violence has drastically dropped across the country since 2008 , but attacks continue .	NEW : Four al-Qaeda senior leaders are executed in Iraq NEW : Prime Minister al-Maliki declines to discuss security in an open session of parliament Twelve people die in a suicide attack and shootings , including nine in Tikrit 163 Iraqi civilians , policemen and soldiers died in March
Republican Ted Cruz of Texas took to the Senate floor on Tuesday to discuss the shutdown debate in remarks that headed deep into the night -- a dramatic step in defense of his high profile and controversial plan to prevent any funding for Obamacare . "  I intend to speak in support of defunding Obamacare until I am no longer able to stand , " he said . "  All across this country , Americans are suffering because of Obamacare . Obamacare is n't working . " Cruz , who began speaking shortly after 2:40 p.m. ET , was alone for nearly an hour before being joined by Sen. Mike Lee , a Utah Republican . The tea party allies engaged in an extended dialogue that was part stamina test for Cruz and part political theater for the rest of Capitol Hill . Cruz was later briefly joined by other Republican senators , Rand Paul of Kentucky , another tea party favorite , David Vitter of Louisiana , and Sen. Marco Rubio spoke as well . "  How many more Americans will have to see their wages or their hours cut as a result of this ill-conceived law before we do something about this ? " Vitter asked . As Cruz got going , he raised a number of points about the issue at hand . "  This fight is not about any member of this body . This fight is not about personalities . Look , most Americans could not give a flying flip about a bunch of politicians in Washington . Who cares ? Almost all of us are in cheap suits with bad haircuts ! Who cares ? " he said . He also read from the Dr. Seuss children 's classic "  Green Eggs and Ham " to his daughters as the night wore on . There was also a sharp exchange with Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , who was was the first Democrat to question Cruz during his remarks . Cruz 's comments were not -- in and of themselves -- a filibuster , a practice made famous by Jimmy Stewart in the 1939 movie "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , " when Senate business was brought to a halt through one lengthy , uninterrupted speech . They were , however , part of an ongoing attempted filibuster by some Senate conservatives . Cruz and a few others in the Republican caucus are trying to prevent the Senate from taking up the government funding bill passed last week by the GOP-controlled House of Representatives . Cruz and his tea party allies support the House bill , which removes funding for the implementation of President Barack Obama 's health care law , but do n't want to give Majority Leader Harry Reid and other Senate Democrats a chance to amend the measure by restoring Obamacare funding . Reid had filed a motion to break the filibuster before Cruz rose to speak . The clock was already ticking on the Senate 's first key procedural vote on the matter , which will take place shortly after 1 p.m. ET on Wednesday regardless of what Cruz does . Reid needs 60 votes in order to break the attempted filibuster and formally kick off debate on the House bill . There are 54 members of the Democratic caucus , which means the support of at least six Republicans will be required . Once the formal debate has started , however , Reid will only need 50 votes to make changes to the House measure . "  Any senator who votes  to move forward with debate on the House bill  is voting to give Harry Reid the authority to fund Obamacare , " Cruz told CNN 's Dana Bash on Monday , firing a warning shot at his fellow Senate Republicans . GOP infighting over how best to prevent a government shutdown while defunding Obamacare escalated further on Tuesday , as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , publicly dismissed Cruz 's more confrontational strategy . "  I do n't think that filibustering a bill that defunds Obamacare is the best route to defunding Obamacare , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . "  All it does is shut down the government and keep Obamacare funded , and none of us want that . " Cruz 's GOP critics believe his strategy is politically suicidal , arguing there is no way to stop Obamacare as long as Democrats maintain control of the Senate and Obama himself remains in the White House . They believe that trying to do so by forcing a shutdown -- or preventing a hike in the debt ceiling next month -- will backfire by harming the economy and damaging the Republican brand . Some Republicans , like McConnell , would at least like the opportunity to force vulnerable Democrats to cast a politically tough vote on the House plan . Republicans have "  a rare opportunity to defund this law with a simple majority , " McConnell added . "  We should have that vote . " It remains to be seen how much pressure Cruz and his tea party backers will ultimately put on other Republicans . McConnell is up for reelection in 2014 , and his conservative GOP primary challenger wasted no time Tuesday blasting the minority leader for opposing Cruz 's stance . "  Like so many other crucial fights , Mitch McConnell has caved to Harry Reid on Obamacare and is refusing to fight to defund this disastrous legislation , " Matt Bevin said . "  I am proud to support conservatives like Senator Ted Cruz in his fight to defund Obamacare , and I promise the people of Kentucky : I will never cave to Harry Reid . " For his part , Reid argued on the Senate floor that "  just as the economy begins to gain steam , some Republicans in Congress seem determined to derail four years of progress . " "  They 're obsessed with defunding health care , " he said . "  They 're pushing us closer and closer to a government shutdown that would tank the economy . "	Cruz in marathon protest speech on Senate floor McConnell rejects Cruz strategy for government funding and Obamacare Cruz wants to stop Senate votes on House plan , knowing Democrats will amend it , fund Obamacare Harry Reid says the Senate 's first key procedural vote will occur on Wednesday
A grand jury in Ohio has decided not to indict police officers in the August shooting death of a 22-year-old man carrying an air rifle at a Walmart store in Beavercreek , Ohio . "  The grand jury listened to all the evidence , voted on it and decided that the police officers were justified in their use of force that day , " prosecutor Mark Piepmeier said on Wednesday . In a statement , Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said the U.S. Justice Department will review the shooting of Cincinnati resident John Crawford III . "  Now that the state criminal investigation has finished , it is an appropriate time for the United States Department of Justice to look into whether any federal laws were violated during this shooting , " the statement said . Michael Wright , attorney representing Crawford 's family , said the decision against indicting was "  incomprehensible . " "  It makes absolutely no sense that an unarmed 22-year-old man would be killed doing what any American citizen does every day : Shopping at a Walmart store , " he said in a statement . "  The Crawford family is extremely disappointed , disgusted and confused . They are heartbroken that justice was not done in the tragic death of their only son . " The statement added , "  The Crawford family feels they have been victimized all over again and once again request that the U.S. Department of Justice conduct an independent investigation into the tragic death of John H. Crawford , lll . " Crawford was shot and killed by police at a Walmart in Beavercreek on August 5 while carrying an air rifle through the store . Police responded to the scene after a witness called 911 and told dispatchers that Crawford was walking around with a rifle and "  waving it back and forth . " According to police , when officers arrived , Crawford did not comply with their commands to drop his weapon . He was shot twice , once in the elbow and once in the torso , Piepmeier said . Crawford died shortly after being transported to a nearby hospital . His death was ruled a homicide by gunshot wound to the torso , according to the local coroner 's office . Piepmeier , who led the team of prosecutors that presented evidence to the Greene County grand jury , called Crawford 's death "  a perfect storm of circumstances . " First , there was the fact that an unwrapped air rifle was left on top of its box inside of the store . Next , the fact that Crawford decided to pick it up and carry it with him . And the fact that the 911 caller , identified in police reports as Ronald Ritchie , noticed the weapon in Crawford 's hand and called authorities . And finally , the fact that the gun bore such a strong resemblance to an actual automatic weapon . "  It is very hard to tell the difference , " Piepmeier said . Prosecutors also showed surveillance video from inside the store , which had not been made public until Wednesday . In the video , Crawford can be seen picking the air rifle off a shelf and walking around the store with it before being confronted by police . The two police officers who were involved -- Sgt. David Darkow and Officer Sean Williams -- were placed on paid administrative leave after the shooting , but Darkow has returned to active duty , according to Beavercreek city attorney Stephen McHugh . Williams will be assigned to administrative desk duty until a federal review of the circumstances surrounding Crawford 's death is complete , according to a statement . Wright said Walmart surveillance video and eyewitness accounts prove Williams "  shot and killed Mr. Crawford while his back was turned and without adequate warning . " Beavercreek City Manager Michael Cornell and Police Chief Dennis Evers have requested that the FBI review the case to determine whether there were civil rights violations , the statement said . "  The events of August 5th were tragic and we wish the outcome of that evening had been different , " the statement says . The statement said Darkow and Williams "  did what they were trained to do to protect the public . " Piepmeier called the case one with "  no bad guys . " "  Mr. Crawford did not commit a crime that day , " he said . The nine-member grand jury , which convened on Monday , heard from 18 witnesses . An indictment on charges of murder , reckless homicide or negligent homicide would have required seven votes , Piepmeier said . Vote counts from grand jury votes are not made public .	Ohio grand jury declines to indict police officers for fatally shooting man with air rifle John Crawford III was shot and killed by police in a Walmart on August 5 One officer will remain on administrative duty until a federal review is complete Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine says U.S. Justice Department will review the case
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden is a gaffe-prone avuncular type ; Rep. Paul Ryan 's is a wonky Gen-Xer . But both men will face the same challenge at their debate on Thursday : staying out of their own way . "  Biden , the thing he does so well for someone his age is he has a lot of energy , " said Melissa Wade , a debate professor at Emory University . "  A lot of the way he messes up is he 's so energetic , he gets wound up and he finds an inappropriate metaphor and runs with it . " Ryan , she said , needs to have the same energy as Biden , "  or it 's not going to fly . " Moreover , Wade said that the conservative House Budget Committee Chairman has to let people know he 's more than an economic expert "  and a wonk " and that he can "  relate to real people . " The two face off in the only vice presidential debate at Centre College in Danville , Kentucky . In light of the results of the first debate , how important is the vice presidential debate ? The visual difference alone makes for interesting television . "  The contrast between Biden and Ryan will be stark in terms of age and vitality , " said Christopher Arterton , a professor of political management at George Washington University 's Graduate School of Political Management . Read John King 's take : Is debate a game-changer ? Biden is a silver-haired sexagenarian with tons of energy . Ryan is a younger guy who works out to P90X but can be a bit flat energy-wise . "  Biden is comfortable in his body , and when he 's uncomfortable it shows all the more , " Wade said . "  Ryan -- the nerves can show in so many ways . He 's been a little stiff on the stump , particularly when Romney is talking . " Biden is in the role of making up for the surprising poor performance of his boss , President Barack Obama , in his first debate last week . For Ryan , it 's an opportunity to build on the clear debate bounce for his boss , MItt Romney . The stress of that pressure could produce some hiccups . Biden is well known for off-the-cuff remarks , while Ryan can be rigid when pressed , political experts say . "  This debate is more interesting because ... in the world of political theater , it 's taken on more importance , " Wade said . "  When you have a staggering Act I , Act II becomes more important . " According to political experts , Obama allowed a more aggressive Romney to go largely unchallenged on key issues . Biden 's task , political experts say , is to address those points and set Obama up for a stronger showing in the second of three presidential debates on Tuesday . VP debates can kill political careers It is a task magnified by tightening polls , though the vice presidency often demands sharp political elbows , and Biden is an experienced debater . Polls show size of Romney 's post-debate bounce The question is "  can Ryan keep the momentum going in Romney 's favor or can Biden blunt the damage , " said Mark Jones , chairman of Rice University 's political science department . Since Obama did n't aggressively push Romney to give details about the Romney-Ryan plan to whittle the nation 's debt and prove that doing so wo n't shift the burden to the middle class , Biden will likely push Ryan to do so , Jones said . But Biden must play the aggressor without coming off as a bully or slipping up with an unexpected comment . "  The Democrats are in a difficult situation in that they do need him to go after Ryan on the Ryan plan and the differences on taxes on the rich versus the middle class , " Jones said . "  Biden will be attacking Ryan some , but he has to be somewhat careful in that they do n't want him going over the top and committing gaffes . " For Ryan , an experienced lawmaker but first-time national candidate and novice debater , the stakes are especially high , political experts say . CNN Exclusive : Ryan 's debate prep as meticulous as he is "  It 's hard to imagine what it 's like when there are so many lights in your face  and so much pressure  , " Wade said . "  It 's Ryan 's opportunity to present himself to people in a party that is struggling to define itself . ... Ronald Reagan is long gone , and they 're still running on that mantle . Ryan is saying , where do we go from there . " Ryan must also defend Romney 's positions while taking great pains not to overshadow the nominee . He 'll have to tread carefully in defending the Romney plan  $ " especially if Biden pushes him on his own debt plan . Ryan is well aware of the challenge . "  He raised the bar quite high , that 's for sure . Mitt definitely put the pressure on from that perspective , " Ryan said on Detroit radio station WJR . "  Because they had such a bad debate , Joe Biden is just going to come flying at us , " Ryan said . "  It seems pretty clear that their new strategy is just basically to call us liars , to descend down into a mud pit and hopefully with enough mudslinging back and forth -- and distortion -- people get demoralized , and they can win by default . " Though vice presidential debates are traditionally considered a lull between the presidential debates , this year voters can expect some fireworks , political experts say . Biden and Ryan "  can be aggressors in a way where presidential candidates are supposed to be above that fray , " Wade said . Five things to watch for in vice presidential debate What questions would you ask the VP candidates ? Share with us on CNN iReport . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Ashley Killough contributed	VP Biden and candidate Ryan will have to tread carefully while defending top of ticket Biden 's off-the-cuff remarks and Ryan 's inside baseball approach are their Achilles heels Biden is an experienced debater , while Ryan is a congressional veteran and budget expert
CNN  -- If those coveted 20-something readers ca n't identify with Hugh Hefner , maybe they will with "  The Simpsons . " Marge Simpson will appear in the November issue of Playboy as the magazine 's first cartoon cover model . Like nearly everything printed on paper these days , Playboy magazine has been facing tough times . Advertising pages have dropped 31 percent over the last year , newsstand sales have dried up by 25 percent , and its circulation has dipped to 2.4 million , according to publishing insider Media Industry Newsletter . Can a blue-haired mother of three deliver the iconic gentleman 's book to a new generation ? Part commemoration of "  The Simpsons ' " 20th anniversary , part nod to the golden days of Playboy , what has become known as "  The Marge Simpson Cover " has drummed up more attention for Playboy than the premiere of the original "  Girls Next Door . " But it remains to be seen whether the animated move can open the wallets of a younger generation . "  The shock value always does Playboy very good , " said Media Industry Newsletter online editor-in-chief Steve Cohn . "  This is a novelty one , but it 's no different than a celebrity . In a sense , Marge has something in common with a woman who 's never done it before , someone like Nancy Sinatra . " But it 's not exactly shock value Playboy is going for -- more like "  hip , cool " and the kind of magazine a 25-year-old would read . Maxim , a "  lad mag " with an average reader of 29 , also ran a cover of Marge Simpson in 2004 , depicting the d'oh-eyed beauty in a sheer dress on all fours , scrubbing the floor . "  We knew Marge 's pictorial would appeal to a large demographic , " said Playboy editorial director Jimmy Jellinek . "  This cover and pictorial is just another example of how we 're evolving our editorial content to continue to reach men in their 20s , and also maintain the elements of the magazine that have attracted readers for more than 50 years . " The three-page pictorial , featuring a scantily-clad Marge in cartoon lingerie , was "  obviously tongue-in-cheek , " new Playboy CEO Scott Flanders told the Chicago Sun-Times . "  It had never been done , and we thought it would be hip , cool and unusual . " Playboy 's use of "  hip " is n't the only thing retro-cool -- the cover is a clear nod to the empire 's peak in the 1970s . Marge 's now infamous image , itself considered to be groundbreaking as the first cartoon character to land a Playboy cover , was inspired by another bunny-eared milestone : The October 1971 issue featured Darine Stern , the first black woman to pose on a Playboy cover . Darine Stern 's picture on the October 1971 cover served as the inspiration for Playboy 's November 2009 cover . "  We decided to re-create -LSB- it -RSB- because it 's one of our most iconic covers , " Jellinek said , "  and because Marge 's sexy blue beehive immediately made us think of Darine Stern , whose beautiful , voluminous hairdo was front and center on the October 1971 cover . " For Hefner , "  Marge Simpson is the quintessential girl next door who stole our hearts 20 years ago and has held them captive ever since . We were delighted to learn she wanted to grace the pages of our magazine . Her pictorial is truly stunning , " he told CNN . This move comes on the heels of a disappointing first half of 2009 , during which Playboy lost some attention from the demographic it does have -- the average reader is a 35-year-old male . The magazine came in 200,000 short of its 2.6 million rate base -- the minimum circulation a magazine promises to advertisers -- according to BusinessWeek . Playboy 's lackluster showing as of late can be attributed to two things , Cohn said . One , the audience transferred some of their desire for tastefully disrobed women to the Web . Second , Hugh Hefner got old . "  The reason for their audience shift can be seen in Hugh Hefner . I went to college in the '70s and Hefner was in his 40s back then . He was the symbol for what kind of guy I wanted to be , " Cohn said . "  Now he 's in his 80s -- it 's hard to identify with someone like that . That 's a problem for Playboy . " But , Jellinek said , "  Playboy is a state of mind and a way of being , not a pre-prescribed age . We knew this was something that all of our readers would enjoy , because the show has been on for 20 years and it resonates with adults of all ages . " The "  Simpson " - ized Playboy will be available at newsstands Friday .	Playboy magazine teams up with "  The Simpsons " to capture a younger audience The November issue features a three-page pictorial of Marge and an interview The cover was inspired by an iconic 1971 cover , the editorial director says Time will tell if the cover 's impact will help turn around Playboy 's drop in circulation
CNN  -- Some manufacturers of consumer-grade speaker systems are scrambling to make their products compatible with Apple 's wireless features . The first audio equipment with out-of-the-box support for Apple AirPlay protocol debuted in April . The feature allows users to press a button on their iPhone , iPod Touch , iPad or iTunes software and instantly transmit audio from the device to the speaker system over a Wi-Fi connection . Some audio equipment companies say they 're feeling the pressure to add this Apple-specific feature to more of their product lines . That comes as Apple is mulling whether it will scale back or entirely do away with the iPod-dock speakers and alarm clocks it sells in its retail stores , according to a person familiar with Apple 's discussions who was not authorized to discuss the plans . Apple 's proposal to cut back on the supply of dock products it carries was first reported by Twice , a consumer-electronics trade publication . An Apple spokeswoman did n't respond to a request for comment . Apple 's push for AirPlay is consistent with a history of flexing its influence to shape partners ' businesses , as it did for pricing digital music , enforcing guidelines on accessory makers and changing rules for app developers . Although some Apple product users enjoy having an alarm clock with a dock by their bedsides to charge their phones , AirPlay has notable advantages . Docking a 10-inch tablet like the iPad is impractical , and AirPlay also allows you to transmit music directly from a computer . Apple laid out its grand vision for an untethered computing world on Monday with the announcement of iCloud . That came nine months after Apple announced AirPlay . Apple often nudges its suppliers into supporting new technologies , and one of those ways is by putting its marketing might behind the company 's newest offerings , said Ross Rubin , a music-industry analyst for the NPD Group . "  The Apple Store is clearly an important retailer for selling iPod docks , and it is a retailer that strives to showcase the latest technology directions from Apple , " Rubin said . "  A lot of the products carried in the Apple Stores tend to be at the higher end of the price spectrum . " iPod-dock systems without the wireless bells and whistles should continue to drop in price , serving a large mass market at stores like Best Buy and Walmart , Rubin said . However , for the equipment companies targeting the Apple faithful -- consumers who learn about and buy many of their products at Apple stores -- it 's an important venue to occupy . Pioneer Electronics , for one , is hoping to piggyback on Apple 's customers . Nearly half of the people who own a Pioneer device also own at least three Apple gadgets , according to a Pioneer survey . Pioneer debuted its first batch of AirPlay-enabled receivers in March and announced five more this week , with all but the base model using AirPlay . Philips is also marching to Apple 's tune . "  Philips has several products in the pipeline for the back half of 2011 , including a new range that incorporates AirPlay , and we look forward to continuing our partnership with Apple , " spokeswoman Shannon Jenest said in a statement . Apple had not alerted the company to any changes in distribution plans , she said . Two companies that sell speakers in Apple Stores , Altec Lansing and Harman International , which makes the JBL brand , declined to comment . Another , Bose , did n't respond to requests for comment . Integrating Apple 's wireless technology into sound systems does n't require manufacturers to pay additional licensing fees beyond the one Apple charges for including its iPod dock connector and "  Made for iPod " sticker , equipment makers say . However , Apple requires that companies use a certain processor in their electronics and , of course , include a Wi-Fi chip , which can increase costs , they said . Where Apple does have ample space , like in its larger stores , speaker inventory appears to be unchanged . But in other Apple retail locations like the one in Fashion Show Mall in Las Vegas , little space is left over since Apple redesigned its stores to include "  personal training " and "  personal setup " stations . There , Jawbone 's Jambox , a small rectangular gadget that uses Bluetooth for wireless transmission instead of AirPlay , is hanging on a wall in the back rather than on display like it is in other Apple Stores . Jawbone is confident it 's in a better position by embracing wireless technology , CEO Hosain Rahman wrote in an e-mailed statement . "  We think docks are dead , " Rahman wrote . "  We need devices that can keep up with our on-the-go lifestyle . You should n't be tethered to a dock . " Sonos , a wireless speaker system , is n't carried by Apple and sells most of its units through Best Buy and Amazon.com . Sonos uses a proprietary wireless system but recently added a workaround for AirPlay . The 8-year-old company began specializing in wireless music services long before the equipment makers turned their attention to that market . "  In many ways , docks were more like CD players , tape players or record players in that you take this thing , and you stick it in , " Sonos co-founder Thomas Cullen said . "  Building an iPod dock was not very different from building a CD player . " Now , many equipment makers are looking at wireless options , and some are taking a scattershot approach . AirPlay , Bluetooth and DLNA , another standard that works with Windows computers and some Android devices , are making their way into audio receivers , and in some cases , all three . Add a dock to that , and you might have a product too big to fit on Apple 's shelves .	Audio equipment makers are scrambling to support AirPlay Apple is mulling whether it will stop carrying iPod-dock speakers in its stores Some speaker companies say the dock concept is past its prime
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Six U.S. service members were killed in southern Afghanistan in the past two days , the NATO-led command said , making the death toll in July the deadliest month for American forces since the war in Afghanistan started nine years ago . On Friday , one service member died in an insurgent attack and the two others in an improvised explosive device strike , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . On Thursday , IEDs killed two troops in one incident and another service member in another , ISAF said . Their deaths bring the July tally to 66 . A total of 88 international service members , including Americans , have died this month . It is no coincidence that IEDs caused most of the latest deaths . Taliban militants regularly target troops with improvised explosive devices . The homemade bombs are considered the weapon of choice for insurgents in the Afghan conflict . The military regularly conducts raids targeting those who stage the attacks against troops . The latest grim milestone comes amid growing frustration among U.S. citizens over Washington 's strategy in the Afghanistan war , the leak of thousands of secret documents about the war , and the dismissal of Gen. Stanley McChrystal as the top military commander . McChrystal stepped aside over inappropriate comments he made about some officials in the administration . Gen. David Petraeus took over the role . Coalition forces have intensified their war against insurgents , and militants have been tenacious in targeting U.S. and Afghan forces and those Afghans who participate in the political system . ISAF reported that a motorcycle rigged with explosives in Kandahar detonated outside the home of a parliamentary candidate on Friday , killing a woman and a girl . The bombing occurred when the candidate left his house but he was not injured . On Thursday , the son of an election campaign chief for a parliamentary candidate and another civilian died in an insurgent ambush , ISAF said . ISAF also said Friday that insurgents killed 13 Afghan civilians Friday . Coalition and Afghan forces have worked to apprehend people behind such attacks . Over the last 24 hours , troops detained insurgents in Helmand , Khost , and Paktiya provinces . A commander for the Haqqani network , an operation with links to al Qaeda , was seized in Paktiya . Discord that flared in Kabul on Friday illustrated the tensions between Afghans and Americans . Scores of people rioted in Kabul after a vehicle carrying four U.S. contractors was involved in an accident with a car carrying four Afghans . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul said it had been informed of deaths and serious injuries among the Afghan in the accident . After the accident , people burned the American vehicle and another going with it and they threw rocks at Americans , "  The U.S. contract personnel cooperated immediately with local Afghan Security Forces ... who were on the scene and dealing with the situation . Our sympathies go out to the families of those Afghans injured or killed in this tragic accident , " the embassy said . Approximately 75,000 pages of documents posted on Sunday by the whistle-blower website WikiLeaks has highlighted the challenges in fighting the war . The reports document attacks on U.S. troops and their responses , relations between Americans in the field and their Afghan allies , intramural squabbles among Afghan civilians and security forces , and concerns about neighboring Pakistan 's ties to the Taliban . Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates both criticized the leaks . "  The sheer size and scope of the collection now demands a careful review to determine the degree to which future tactical operations may be impacted and the degree to which the lives of our troops and Afghan partners may be at risk . And I think we always need to be mindful of the unknown potential for damage in any particular document that we handle , " Mullen said . Afghan President Hamid Karzai and U.S. military officials are angry that names of Afghans helping the coalition are in the documents . "  This indeed is very irresponsible and shocking , " Karzai told reporters Thursday . President Barack Obama has announced plans to send 30,000 more U.S. troops , but has said he will start withdrawing American forces in July 2011 . Before this month , June was the deadliest month for Americans and coalition forces . A total of 103 international soldiers died last month -- including 60 Americans . The totals are based on reports compiled by CNN .	NEW : Unrest hits Kabul after a traffic accident A total of 88 international service members , including Americans , have died this month The July tally of Americans is 66 , the highest number for American forces in the 9-year war
CNN  Gov. Bobby Jindal has been speaking in London recently , and he startled quite a number of people in the House of Commons when he talked about "  no-go zones " in Britain , places where Sharia law trumps British law . He announced confidently to a group that included a number of British parliamentarians that the police in the United Kingdom do n't dare to tread in these zones , where Sharia law is widely used . "  Nonassimilationist Muslims establish enclaves and carry out as much of Sharia law as they can without regard for the laws of the democratic countries which provided them a new home , " he said . This is the sort of ill-informed fantasy that plays well in certain right-wing circles . This probably works for Jindal back home in Louisiana . Oddly enough , Fox News got into trouble recently on the "  no-go zone " nonsense , too , as when Steve Emerson , a so-called terrorism expert , explained to the American masses that Birmingham , a major British urban center , was populated entirely by Muslims and that "  non-Muslims just simply do n't go in . " British Prime Minister David Cameron correctly labeled him "  a complete idiot , " and Emerson 's remark caused a spokesperson for the network to admit that Muslim "  no-go zones " do n't actually exist , not in Britain , not in Europe . Needless to say , there are places where a lot of Muslim immigrants live in close proximity , and outsiders might feel uncomfortable walking around . The same would be true for parts of America where you might feel uncomfortable walking around if you were , say , black or white -- it would depend on the neighborhood .  An African American colleague of mine recently told me that her sons , in their 20s , often feel threatened in white neighborhoods , and I do n't doubt the truth of this . It 's not unusual for socio-economic , even racial or ethnic , groups to cluster . My own grandparents came to the United States as immigrants in 1912 , and they lived for some years in Italian ghettos in New York . Most immigrant groups start in ghettos somewhere , and many of them never get out . But the question of Sharia law is interesting . Unofficial Sharia courts will be found in Europe , here and there . But these arbitration bodies do n't trump the legal system of the country where they occur . An article in The Economist noted , in fact , that there have long been rabbinical courts in Jewish neighborhoods in Britain -- not a dissimilar sort of thing . There are even places in the United States where Christians can work out their disputes in a kind of extrajudicial manner . Family law , for instance , is often the issue here , and there are cultural values that play into the need for this kind of culturally inflected arbitration . That in some Muslim neighborhoods there might be an accommodation to Sharia law seems not surprising , and this does n't mean that sooner or later we can expect adulterous women to be stoned to death in Birmingham or thieves to have their hands lopped off in East London . Blasphemy will not soon lead to the gas chamber in Europe -- indeed , capital punishment is not legal in any European country  or any civilized country , for that matter , except for the USA  . Getting back to Gov. Jindal , one has to wonder what prompted his ignorant outburst . Was this a lame attempt to play into the broad public fears of radical Islam that have arisen in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo killings ? If so , that 's not good enough for a politician with any shred of integrity . In my view , Jindal immediately disqualified himself from ever holding a national political office by making such a bizarre statement , though it has n't stopped any number of American politicians with bizarre notions from winning major national offices in the past . Such behavior does , however , embarrass this country in the court of world opinion . The British , and most European countries , have struggled to accommodate Muslim immigrants , but they have nevertheless welcomed them in large numbers . For the most part , these immigrants have behaved well , despite the fear of their traditions and beliefs that leads to crazy exaggerations by politicians such as Jindal . There have been isolated and gruesome incidents of terrorism -- the murder of a British soldier , Lee Rigby , in the spring of 2013 comes to mind , or the vicious attacks in London of July 7 , 2005 , which left 52 dead and over 700 injured . The British have had to confront terror , and they 've done so without vilifying large parts of their own population . Indeed , they 've been forced to come to terms with what I would call British Exceptionalism -- the old imperial feeling that nobody who is not British can possibly lead a civilized way of life .  As Americans , of course , we struggle with our own feelings of exceptionalism , preferring to think that our ways are always the best and truest ways . Jindal was apparently on a 10-day "  fact finding " mission designed to bolster his credentials for a possible run at the White House in 2016 . He 's not as stupid as he sounds , in fact .  Indeed , he was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford , where he must have learned something . Let 's hope that he is a quick study , and that he learns how not to say idiotic things in public that cause a good deal of offense , if not harm , to unsuspecting people , fueling hatred rather than coming to terms .	In Britain , Gov. Bobby Jindal speaks of "  no-go zones , " places where Sharia law supposedly trumps British law Jay Parini says the GOP governor , on a fact-finding mission , needs to get his facts straight Let 's hope Jindal learns how not to say idiotic things that cause a good deal of offense or harm , Parini says
Until this week , no cases of human-to-human transmission of the deadly bird flu virus that broke out in China this year had been reported . But now , researchers say they believe a woman in the eastern Chinese city of Wuxi probably caught the H7N9 virus from her father . The woman , 32 , most likely became infected when she was looking after her father at his bedside in the hospital in March , according to a study published Tuesday in the British Medical Journal . Both patients eventually died . The woman had no known exposure to poultry , the study said . "  Our findings reinforced that the novel virus possesses the potential for pandemic spread , " the study 's authors wrote . But in the case they studied , they said "  the transmissibility was limited and non-sustainable . " In April , the World Health Organization warned the H7N9 virus was "  one of the most lethal " that doctors and medical investigators had faced in recent years . The virus has caused 132 human infections resulting in 43 deaths since February , Chinese state media reported last month . The rate of infections seen earlier this year has dropped off dramatically . Bird flu puts spotlight on age-old traditions in China	The H7N9 bird flu outbreak in China killed at least 43 people this year Until now , it was thought that all the infections came from birds But a new study says a woman in China probably caught it from her father It says the limited case shows the virus has "  potential for pandemic spread "
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago , when tanks and automatic rifles silenced massive political demonstrations in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square , I was TIME magazine 's correspondent in China . For me , memories of the crackdown start in the early evening of June 3 , and end with a mad dash at the wheel of a Toyota sedan , driving through checkpoints to a safe house with hunger strikers , Liu Xiaobo and Hou Dejian . Liu , one of China 's prominent intellectuals and writers , was imprisoned four times after the Tiananmen crackdown , and in 2010 was awarded the Nobel Peace prize . Hou is a singer-composer , better known in China as composer of the "  Descendants of the Dragon , " a patriotic tune popular in Taiwan and the mainland . A few years before the crackdown , he "  defected " from Taiwan and became a celebrated compatriot on the mainland . Tension builds In the early evening of June 3 , as word spread that the authorities were losing patience with protesters in central Beijing , I decided to see for myself what was going on . As I stepped off the curb on the Jianguomen bridge , I saw a convoy of army trucks stranded on the bridge , about five kilometers east of Tiananmen Square . Students and their supporters milled around them , chanting "  Xia lai ! Xia lai ! "  Come down !  . Minutes earlier , an armoured personnel carrier of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  plowed through the crowd and rammed one of their own army trucks bound for Tiananmen Square . Many civilians had clambered onto the truck when it was hit and toppled over . Some managed to jump off , but one man was crushed to death . "  They 're killing us , " shrieked a young woman . Nearby I saw civilians surround another army truck , pleading with the soldiers to turn around and go home . The young soldiers listened silently . Some cried . Then the civilians started to pull the soldiers off the truck and led them past the body of a man curled up on a pool of blood , his head crushed . This harrowing scene was captured on the cover of TIME Magazine 's June 12 edition . I hung around for an hour or so , talking to people and eavesdropping on conversations . Then , worried that the Chinese authorities might cut international phone service , I returned to my apartment to file my story . It was nearly midnight when I hit the "  send " button . Final showdown to come I thought it was the lead story of the day . I did not realize that the fiercest shooting was taking place at Muxidi , around seven kilometers west of the Square , where thousands of people had stood behind the barricades at various intersections to halt the advance of the military troops . In the morning of June 3 , I sat down with two fellow TIME reporters who had been covering the Tiananmen story from the outset . We agreed that the final showdown between the protesters and soldiers was looming . Martial law remained in place , and troops and tanks were poised to retake the Square . When and how it would happen , we could not tell . To ensure that we covered what seemed like the end-game of the protracted student protests , we agreed to do two things : 1 . We would work on three "  shifts " through the next day  I volunteered to do the midnight-to-dawn "  graveyard shift "  and 2 . We would file reports via our snail-paced modems as soon as possible , in case international phone links were abruptly cut off . Just past midnight on Sunday , June 4 , 1989 , I was preparing to rush to Tiananmen Square to do my reportorial "  shift . " The phone rang and I grabbed it as I slung my satchel bag over my shoulder . It was an American friend , a well-connected expatriate company manager married to the daughter of a retired Chinese general . "  Be careful , Jimi , " he advised . "  Heard the assault order has just been given . Stay indoors . " I thanked him for the tip . Not long after I hung up , the phone rang again . It was Sandra Burton , TIME 's Beijing bureau chief , calling from the vicinity of the Square . I was supposed to relieve her for the graveyard shift . "  They 're shooting live bullets here , " she said urgently . "  Do n't come here anymore . Phone New York and tell editors what 's going on . " It was Saturday noon , New York time , and I knew the latest weekly edition was about to go to press . I frantically dialed New York and promptly reached a top editor . "  We 're switching covers , " he said decisively . "  You guys have seven hours to file . Stay out of the firing line . Remember , no story is worth dying for , " he said calmly . The TIME cover story that week told the horrific account of that fateful night . Since then , the Tiananmen story has been told and retold countless times all over the world with that day 's harrowing tales and bloody images . Race to a safe house Of course , the story did n't end there , though the lead article had gone to print . I drove to the TIME office to file more reports from TIME reporters and photographers . Remarkably , international phone lines remained open despite occasional threats to close them . Still , the bureau 's two computers and one telephone modem were agonizingly slow . I tuned in local radio stations to monitor official news reports and commentaries , and started phoning sources . A septuagenarian Beijing resident told me : "  I 've seen World War II , I saw the communist occupation of Beijing in 1949 , but I 've never seen such a pili pala  hail of gunshots  ! " I banged away at the bureau computer until nearly noon . With the story filed and the magazine put the "  bed , " I was preparing to leave the bureau when the phone rang . A female caller wondered if I could drive over to the Capital Hospital to pick up my friend Hou Dejian so he could go to a safe house . She made it sound so easy . It was not . In late May , just as the Tiananmen protests were petering out , Hou and three young Chinese intellectuals , led another round of "  hunger strike " on the Square and gave a boost to the sagging student movement . When the PLA troops encircled the Square in the early morning of June 4 , Hou helped broker the agreement with the army officers to open a corridor for the protesters to leave the Square safely . From the Square , it turned out , Hou took refuge in the Beijing hospital not far from the Square . Could I help ? I hesitated but then agreed . I drove past carcasses of trucks and debris from the barricades along the virtually empty streets . Only helmeted PLA soldiers brandishing AK-47s stood stiffly at every other corner . As I pulled in front of the Capital Hospital , Hou and two other fellow hunger-strike leaders emerged from the gate and jumped into my car . On our way toward the safe-house , we stumbled into a group of PLA troops in one intersection . "  Shall I proceed ? " I ask the trio . "  Yes , " replied Liu . "  No other choice , " Hou agreed . We drove past the checkpoint and made it to their destination . Once inside the safe house , I was rewarded with three separate debriefings and eyewitness accounts of what happened on the Square when the PLA came to clear it . Months later , Hou gave me the ultimate compliment by sending a cassette tape of his latest songs . On the cover , he scribbled : "  To the bravest driver in Beijing . "	Jaime A. FlorCruz was TIME 's correspondent in Beijing 25 years ago He filed stories from Tiananmen Square and drove hunger strikers to a safe house Passengers included later Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo and singer Hou Dejian FlorCruz saw people surround tanks , soldiers crying and violence
CNN  -- A self-described anarchist who calls himself "  Cyco " got an 11-year prison sentence Tuesday for his role in a failed attempt to blow up an Ohio bridge . Authorities say the mohawk-wearing Douglas Wright was the suspected ringleader of the plot . He and co-conspirators Brandon Baxter and Connor Stevens set their sights on the Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge , which spans the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and carries a four-lane highway , officials say . Baxter , a.k.a. "  Skabby , " was sentenced to more than nine years in prison ; Stevens got eight years . The sentences were announced in federal court in Akron , Ohio . After an undercover operation , the FBI arrested the men April 30 in what the agency termed an act of domestic terrorism . The men later admitted their roles in a plan to remotely detonate improvised devices containing C-4 explosives . Authorities said the defendants had considered several targets during a period of several months before settling on the bridge connecting Brecksville and Sagamore Hills in Ohio , not far from Cleveland . The men pleaded guilty in September to charges of conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and use of an explosive device to destroy property used in interstate commerce . A fourth defendant is scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday .	Brandon L. Baxter , a.k.a. "  Skabby , " was sentenced to more than 9 years in prison Connor Stevens was handed an 8-year sentence Authorities say the men set their sights on the Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge The bridge spans the Cuyahoga Valley National Park and carries a four-lane highway
CNN  -- The New York Jets on Monday suspended a strength and conditioning coach through the 2010 season 's playoffs for intentionally tripping a Miami Dolphins player during Sunday 's Jets-Dolphins game , the Jets said on their website . The Jets said they suspended Sal Alosi without pay and fined him $ 25,000 for tripping Dolphins rookie cornerback Nolan Carroll on the Jets ' sideline as Carroll was covering a punt in the third quarter of Miami 's 10-6 victory . "  After reviewing the facts and consulting with the league office , we determined that this was the most appropriate discipline , " Jets General Manager Mike Tannenbaum said on the Jets ' site . "  I have spoken with Sal . He understands the severity of his actions and has apologized to all parties involved in the incident . " Alosi , who will be barred from the Jets ' practice facility until the end of the season , said in a statement that he accepts responsibility for his actions and respects the team 's decision . Carroll , covered by two Jets players , was running along the sideline toward the Jets ' punt returner when the incident happened at the New Meadowlands Stadium in New Jersey . Video shows Carroll was out of bounds and trying to run back in the field of play when Alosi -- standing with his hands in his pockets -- leaned his left knee forward . The knee caught Carroll , who tumbled to the ground . Carroll was shaken up but eventually walked to his sideline on his own power . He returned to the game in the fourth quarter . Before the suspension was announced , Alosi told reporters Monday that he was sorry for the incident , and that he was n't thinking during the play . "  If I could go back and do it again , I sure as heck would take a step back . It was just a situation where I was n't thinking , " Alosi said during a news conference Monday afternoon at the Jets ' facility in Florham Park , New Jersey . He said he apologized after the game Sunday to Carroll , Dolphins head coach Tony Sparano and Jets owner Woody Johnson , among others . He said he had n't offered to resign but would accept whatever disciplinary action he received . "  I let everybody down yesterday with my actions . My actions were inexcusable and irresponsible . I 'm extremely thankful that my actions yesterday did n't result in any significant injury to Nolan or any other player , " he said . Noting that the Dolphins had been penalized earlier in the game for running out of bounds , a reporter asked Alosi whether someone had instructed him and other Jets personnel to stand close to the sidelines to prevent such moves . "  No , that was n't anything that was instructed , " Alosi said . "  Our inactive players -- guys that do n't play -- we try to keep those guys focused on the game , root those players on . ... We wanted to cheer on our guys . " Meeting with reporters before the suspension was announced , Jets head coach Rex Ryan said the Jets and the NFL were working together on Alosi 's punishment . Ryan said he wanted to apologize to Carroll and the Dolphins . "  That 's a thing that has no business in this league or anywhere else . Sal made a huge mistake . He knows that . He 's apologized for it , " Ryan said . Sparano , before he had a chance to review the tape , told reporters after the game Sunday that his coaches upstairs were telling him that Carroll had been tripped . "  I talked to the referee at that point ... -LSB- and -RSB- I told him at that point that it was on tape and that the people upstairs are telling me that that 's what they see , " Sparano said . Carroll told South Florida 's Sun Sentinel newspaper that he was n't angry . But some of his teammates were . "  Come on , man . That 's dirty ! ... There 's no place for that in football , " Dolphins linebacker Karlos Dansby said Sunday , according to the Sun-Sentinel . "  Hopefully they 'll be fined for it . I 'll leave it up to the league . " Alosi , who played linebacker at Hofstra , joined the Jets as an intern in 2002 before serving as their assistant strength and conditioning coach from 2003 to 2005 . He worked one year with the Atlanta Falcons before returning to the Jets as their head strength and conditioning coach in 2007 .	Jets suspend strength and conditioning coach Sal Alosi without pay , fine him $ 25,000 Alosi tripped Dolphins rookie cornerback Nolan Carroll on Jets ' sideline on Sunday In statement , Alosi says he accepts responsibility for his actions , respects decision Jets head coach : "  That 's a thing that has no business in this league or anywhere else "
CNN  -- American Airlines will cancel more flights from its daily schedule through mid-November . "  American Airlines is extending its previously announced schedule reductions through the first half of November by approximately 1 % , " said American spokesman Matt Miller in a statement . "  Although we are beginning to see improvements in our operations , we are taking this proactive step to allow us to get our performance back to the levels our customers deserve and expect . " The new cuts of about 31 flights per day out of the airline 's total network of 3,500 daily flights will not affect holiday travel , Miller said . Previously , the airline announced an up to 2 % reduction in the number of seat sales through the end of October . The airline declared bankruptcy last year and has been mired in contract negotiations with unions . Airline executives convinced a bankruptcy judge to throw out the pilots ' contract last month . In the past month , more than 1,000 American flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed . Some travel agents and business travelers have told CNN they ca n't count on American flights to take off or -- when they do take off , to land on time . Some American customers are starting to book flights on other airlines . Airline management blamed the situation on pilots filing what it claims are frivolous reports about aircraft problems as part of a slowdown . The pilots ' union denied management 's assertion , arguing that company mismanagement has led to increased maintenance problems . "  These mechanical items are all of American management 's making , " American Airlines Capt. Carl Jackson , a representative of the Allied Pilots Association , told CNN on Thursday as several dozen American pilots conducted an informational picket at Washington 's Reagan National Airport . "  They have old planes , " Jackson said . "  They have a shortage of mechanics , here in the near term it 's going to be a severe shortage of mechanics , and we 're just trying to do the best we can to get the public safely to where they need to be . " The airline also faced questions about its maintenance after seats on three American Airlines flights have come loose in flight , requiring the airline to fix floor mounts in 48 of its 757s to prevent seats from coming loose again . Although American management and pilots resumed negotiations last week , the three major American employee unions have already reached conditional agreement with US Airways , should a merger of the two airlines take place . American to fix seats in 48 757s Who wants to fly American Airlines ? How would you save American Airlines ?	About 1 % , or 31 flights per day , will be canceled , American Airlines says American extends capacity cuts through mid-November The airline is struggling with chronic delays and labor issues
CNN  -- As the leader of Malaysia 's reform -- or reformasi -- movement , Anwar Ibrahim has spent much of the past decade in court defending himself against sodomy charges . Once one of former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad 's closest political allies -- and viewed by many as his heir apparent -- the 64-year old grew up in the politically-charged environment of post-independence Malaysia . He made his name as a student activist in various Muslim youth groups in Kuala Lumpur in the late-1960s , as the country reeled from the protracted Communist insurgency of the Malayan Emergency . Arrested in 1974 in student protests against rural poverty , Anwar was sentenced to 20 months in jail . Despite his firebrand reputation , he later confounded liberal supporters in 1982 by joining the conservative United Malays National Organization  UMNO  led by Mahathir . At the time , Mahathir 's ability to bring Anwar on board was seen as a master political stroke , effectively neutralizing a potentially powerful political opponent who risked joining the opposition Parti Islam or PAS . Anwar found not guilty of sodomy He moved quickly through the political ranks throughout the 1980s , heading several ministries until he became deputy prime minister and the favored lieutenant of Mahathir in 1993 . But by the end of the 1990s , the relationship had begun to sour as Anwar became increasingly vocal about what he saw as widespread nepotism and cronyism within the Malaysian government . Protectionist policies set up by Mahathir also came under fire from Anwar , who supported the International Monetary Fund 's recovery plan for Malaysia following the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis . Anwar instituted an austerity package that cut government spending by 18 % , cut ministerial salaries and put major infrastructure projects on hold . These mega-projects had been the cornerstone of Mahathir 's development strategy and his opposition further strained the relationship . Mahathir , as prime minister , reversed several Anwar decisions . Nevertheless , the tough medicine of the IMF package meant Malaysia emerged from the crisis sooner than its neighbors . It is currently moving away from manufacturing as a base for its economy , and is now a world center of Islamic banking and knowledge-based industries . In 1998 , Anwar was fired from the cabinet amid police reports he was under investigation on charges of sodomy -- an illegal act in predominantly Muslim Malaysia . Anwar denied the allegations . Appearing in court with a black eye from a beating while in police custody - an injury that then Inspector General of Police Rahim Noor later admitted in a royal commission he had personally administered -- Anwar pleaded not guilty . After a two-year trial , which also involved corruption charges , Anwar was found guilty and sentenced to nine years in jail for sodomy and six years , served concurrently , for corruption . In December 2004 , Anwar was cleared of the sodomy charges , and in 2006 he announced his bid to run for parliament in the 2008 elections after the expiration of a ban from public office related to his earlier conviction . In the 2008 elections , the opposition seriously dented the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition 's majority , handing it one of its worst election results since independence in 1957 . In what the Malaysian media had dubbed "  Sodomy 2.0 , " the opposition leader -- just months after the 2008 elections -- was again charged with sodomy on the basis of allegations from his aide Modh Saiful Bukhari Azlan who claimed Anwar had repeatedly sexually assaulted him . Anwar dismissed the charges as a sham , saying they were concocted by the ruling coalition in an effort to discredit him . Anwar has consistently claimed that the charges were trumped up and the last desperate act of a government fighting for its political survival . The government , for its part , has denied any involvement in the case against Anwar . "  The fact that the same plot that was hatched in 1998 is being repeated reflects a certain bankruptcy and lack of creativity on their part , " Anwar told CNN in 2010 . "  They must still believe some segment of the Malay-Muslim electorate , who will likely determine the outcome of the next General Election , will be alienated by these charges . I doubt that is the case . " After a nearly three-year trial , a Malaysian court Monday found Anwar not guilty of the charges against him after the judge said there were questions over whether DNA evidence had been contaminated . Information Minister Rais Yatim hailed the verdict as a victory for Malaysia 's judiciary , showing that it was free from government influence . With the government expected to call elections in the coming months , Anwar said he was ready to start campaigning again and challenge the ruling coalition 's 50-year hold on power . Anwar has brought together a diverse group of opposition parties , including a conservative ethnic Malay Islamic party , a secular party mainly representative of ethnic Chinese and Indian minorities and his own multiracial party . At the heart of Malaysia 's reform movement is the call for a multiracial alternative to the political status quo in the South East Asian nation . Malaysia 's controversial policy of bumiputra -- a Malay term which means literally means "  son of the soil " -- favors the ethnic Malay majority , providing them with preference in employment , business , education and housing . While proponents say the radical affirmative action campaign -- which was instituted in the early 1970s in response to anti-Chinese riots in Malaysia in 1969 -- has lifted many urban Malays into the middle class , critics say that Chinese , Indian and the indigenous Orang Asli have been excluded from the political process . While problems with bumiputra were among the election issues , allegations of government cronyism and nepotism are now high on the list of voter concerns . Dubbed the post-reformasi generation , educated young Malaysians in their 20s and 30s have been leaving the country to take up opportunities overseas . The brain drain is now a serious problem for the coalition government which has embarked on economic reforms , but is accused of doing little to reform the public service or education . According to Herizal Hazri , the Malaysian program director for The Asia Foundation , Anwar 's acquittal will give a boost to the speed of reform . "  Anwar still represents the reform agenda , " he said . "  The anti-corruption drives and drive towards good governance also illuminate a more welcoming view of as to how ethnicities should be treated in Malaysia . " He said both the opposition and the government were pursuing reforms , swinging the attention of the reform movement towards problems of corruption rather than issues of ethnicity and race . One of the unintended consequences of the Anwar case , he added , was that Malaysia 's British-based legal system had emerged as an independent force in a political structure that critics charge has been compromised by decades of cronyism . "  I would have to say that for once I am proud of a Malaysian institution , " Hazri said . "  The court has been strong enough to make a decision outside of politics and it needs to be applauded . "  The court made its decision based solely on the facts of the case . Today is a victory for the Malaysian judicial system and I hope that it heralds a bright new future , " he said .	Anwar has spent more than a decade fighting sodomy charges The one-time student activist was once Mahathir 's right-hand man The opposition leader dented the ruling party 's majority at elections in 2008 Anwar has led a reform movement that has targeted social and political reform
CNN  -- A private religious school in Texas has denied admission to the daughter of a lesbian couple who wanted to enroll the child in preschool , citing its "  clear teaching of the Christian faith " for the refusal . In a statement e-mailed to CNN sister network HLN , the dean of St. Vincent 's Cathedral School in the Dallas suburb of Bedford , Texas , said the school is standing on its principles "  in matters of marriage and sex outside of marriage " by refusing to seat 4-year-old Olivia Harrison . "  St. Vincent 's School as a ministry of St. Vincent 's Cathedral upholds the clear teaching of the Christian faith , the Holy Bible , and the Anglican Church in North America , " the Rev. Ryan Reed said . "  We based our decisions about enrollment on what is best for the children of St. Vincent 's as a whole and in conformity with the above standards , " he said . "  We regret the disappointment the mother feels , but also do not understand why she would want to enroll her child in a school that would undercut her own personal values at home . " Olivia 's mother , Jill Harrison , told HLN 's "  Prime News " that was fine with her . "  I absolutely would not want her to partake in a school where they did not believe or condone the relationship that we have together , " she said . St. Vincent 's is part of a conservative movement that broke away from the U.S. Episcopal Church in 2008 , in part over the Episcopal church 's positions on gay and lesbian rights . The Anglican Church in North America claims about 100,000 adherents . In a follow-up e-mail , Reed said that the school had no problem with a single mother , "  lesbian or not , living chaste " -- but said St. Vincent 's has taken a hard line in other cases . He said it has rejected an earlier preschool applicant who came from a gay household , fired an unmarried teacher who became pregnant and removed a man "  from leadership roles in the school " after he left his wife for another woman . Reed said Jill Harrison had told the school 's admissions director she was going through a divorce . But Jill Harrison told HLN that she had listed herself as Olivia 's mother on the application and put her partner 's name down as a mother as well , after scratching out "  father " on the application . She and her partner , Tracy Harrison , said the school appeared to have no problem with admitting Olivia until after they attended a recent parents ' night at the school . Tracy Harrison said she was raised in a strict Baptist home , she and her partner thought St. Vincent 's could give Olivia a good education and impart "  the basic Bible teachings ... follow the Golden Rule , the Ten Commandments , be kind to your neighbor . " "  The God that I know and the God that I love will love me and love my children no matter what , " she said . HLN 's Tracey Jordan contributed to this report .	Anglican school cites church 's "  clear teaching " for denial Moms say there was no problem until they attended parents ' night "  The God that I love will love me and love my children no matter what " The school 's dean says it has been strict in other cases
CNN  -- Ivory Coast defender Kolo Toure has been suspended by his club Manchester City after testing positive for a banned substance . The 29-year-old , who joined City from English Premier League rivals Arsenal in 2009 , learned of his failed drugs test from the English Football Association  FA  on Thursday . "  Manchester City confirm that the FA has informed Kolo Toure that an ` A-sample ' provided by him has tested positive for a specified substance , " a statement published on the club 's official website read . It continued : "  As result of this , he has been suspended from participating in all first team and non-first team matches pending the outcome of the legal process . "  There will be no further comment from the football club at this stage . " According to the World Anti-Doping Agency a specified substance is one which could have "  a credible , non-doping explanation . " Punishments for a positive test range from a warning to a two-year ban from sport . Toure has made more than 50 appearances for City and was captain of the side last season . He is contracted at the club -- where his younger brother Yaya also plays -- until 2013 . Elsewhere in the Premier League , leaders Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has been charged with improper conduct by the FA over comments he made about referee Martin Atkinson on Tuesday Following United 's 2-1 league defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge Ferguson told MUTV : "  I must say , when I saw who the referee was I feared it . I feared the worst . He added : "  You want a fair referee , or a strong referee anyway -- and we did n't get that . " The Scot criticized Atkinson for not sending off Chelsea goalscorer David Luiz for fouls on Wayne Rooney and Javier Hernandez , as well as for awarding what proved to be a decisive penalty late in the match . Ferguson already has a suspended two-game touchline ban hanging over him from 2009 when he said that Alan Wiley was not physically fit enough to referee in the Premier League . A statement on the FA website stated that Ferguson has until next Tuesday to respond to the charge .	Manchester City ban defender Kolo Toure after he tests positive for drugs Ivorian international could receive a warning or face up to a two-year ban from football Alex Ferguson charged by FA for comments he made about referee Martin Atkinson Manchester United manager lashed out at Atkinson after EPL defeat to Chelsea
Los Angeles  CNN  -- School teachers should be held accountable for the performance of their students , the Conference of Mayors said Tuesday , according to the group 's leader . "  The Conference of Mayors unanimously supports student growth over time as a measurement in teachers , " said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who presides over the conference as president . "  That should be at least one of the elements of their evaluation , and if you ask mayors across the country , they will agree . " The 59-year-old Democrat told reporters that the issues in New York and Los Angeles , the largest and second-largest public school districts in the nation , are similar to those in Chicago , the third-largest , where thousands of teachers have been on strike since Monday . "  These are n't radical notions , and my hope is the parties will sit down and figure it out . The public wants to see more accountability , " he said . Chicago teachers strike into its third day The Los Angeles Unified School District has been reviewing a system of teacher and administrator evaluations that , for the first time , includes student test scores , said spokeswoman Ellen Morgan . Several California unions have objected to the Obama administration 's $ 4.3-billion Race To the Top program , which offers federal grants to help states improve failing schools but requires that teacher evaluations factor in student test scores . The 325,000-member California Teachers Association recently supported a California bill that would have included evaluations of teacher performance , but the measure was pulled after 11th-hour attempts to move it forward failed in the legislature . In response to the Obama administration 's initiative , CTA spokesman Mike Myslinski said , "  We agree , as long as multiple measures are used beyond just test scores , and the right remains for using test scores to be negotiated locally to meet local student needs . " United Teachers Los Angeles , a union that represents 45,000 public school teachers and health and human services professionals , has been engaged in a legal battle with the Los Angeles Unified School district involving the use of standardized test scores in contract negotiations . Chicago strike could influence teacher accountability debate Such practices have been shown to be "  very unreliable and often inaccurate at the individual teacher level because there are many home and school influences on learning other than an individual teacher that can not be addressed , " according to a study released by the California Department of Education . "  Teachers who have many new immigrant students also suffer low ratings when their students are tested before they have had a chance to learn English , " it added . UTLA President Warren Fletcher said his union has developed a plan that uses trained evaluators to assess the performance of teachers . "  The plan incorporates data on student outcomes to identify areas of student need and to improve instruction , but test scores are not used for punitive measures , " he said in a statement . While Villaraigosa has no jurisdiction over the Los Angeles Unified School District , he has focused on changing the education process . "  We 've got to engage in the reforms to get more success in our schools , to increase the graduation rate and make sure that more of our kids can read and write when they graduate , " he said . Teachers : Why do you teach ?	Conference of Mayors "  unanimously supports " weighing student growth Issues in New York , L.A. are likened to those in Chicago , where teachers are striking "  The public wants to see more accountability , " Villaraigosa says
CNN  -- Turkish police have swooped to detain 46 people as part of a widespread investigation into match-fixing in European football . Former Turkey international players Arif Erdem and Fatih Akyel were among those held , along with Bosnia goalkeeper Kenan Hasagic , Turkey 's Hurriyet Daily News reported on Wednesday . Erdem is assistant coach of the Istanbul Municipality team , whose 3-1 victory in a Turkish Super League match against Genclerbirligi in May 2009 is under investigation by the Turkish Football Federation . The game had also come under suspicion from German prosecutors who launched a probe into match-fixing last year . Goalkeeper Recep Ozturk , who then played for Genclerbirligi but is now at Konyaspor , has also been detained after being accused of betting $ 30,000  $ 40,000  against his own team , Hurriyet . Erdem played 60 times for his country and had a long career at leading club Galatasaray before retiring in 2005 , and along with Akyel helped Turkey finish third at the 2002 World Cup . Hasagic has played for Bosnia Herzegovina in 29 international matches . The Turkish federation said its investigation was separate to the Bochum probe , which has targeted more than 200 matches in 11 countries . "  The federation filed a complaint to the Sariyer Prosecutor 's office on August 4 , 2009 , regarding information it has on match-fixing doubts in three games , " it said on its official Web site . "  The investigation by the Bochum prosecutors was made public in November , and the information and documents obtained from Bochum prosecutors and the UEFA have been shared with the Sariyer Prosecutor 's Office . " Turkish police said the raids took place all across the country , according to the state-run Anatolia News Agency . "  As part of the investigation , 46 people have been detained from 26 different provinces . We are targeting 53 suspects , " Istanbul police chief Huseyin Capkin said . The arrests came just three days after Swiss club Sion told prosecutors that last week 's 2-0 defeat by Grasshoppers Zurich appeared to have been targeted by match-fixers . The club said on its Web site that information in betting shops before the game indicated that the result would be manipulated . European football 's governing body UEFA announced last week that Ukrainian referee Oleh Orekhov had been banned for life based on information from German police 's investigations into match-fixing and corruption . In China , which has also been trying to stamp out match-fixing , police arrested three referees this month . One of them , Lu Jun , officiated in two World Cup matches in 2002 but has been accused of accepting bribes before his retirement in 2005 . Two clubs in China 's top league have been relegated in relation to the investigations , which also saw the country 's football head Nan Yong lose his job .	Turkish police hold 46 people as part of investigation into match-fixing in European football Former Turkey international players Arif Erdem and Fatih Akyel among those detained Former Genclerbirligi goalkeeper accused of betting $ 40,000 against his own team Match also under suspicion from German prosecutors investigating corruption
London  CNN  -- The full scale of Russian President Vladimir Putin 's new imperial ambition was revealed recently when he referred to the southern and eastern territories of Ukraine as Novorossiya  New Russia  . This was the name given to the region by Catherine the Great after she captured it from the Ottomans in the late 18th century and began colonizing it with Russian , Ukrainian and German settlers . Along with his assertion that Crimea belongs to Russia because of the blood-price Russian troops paid to conquer it more than two centuries ago , Putin 's appropriation of Tsarist terminology establishes a new and troubling benchmark for his irredentist project . It suggests that all the territories that were once part of the Russian Empire are now fair game . This concerns far more than the fate of Ukraine . Pushed to its logical conclusion , it poses a direct challenge to the legitimacy and independence of all post-Soviet states . The practice of manipulating "  frozen conflicts " and deploying Russian troops as "  peacekeepers " in order to exert leverage is already well established in Moldova , Georgia and Azerbaijan , and there is an extensive toolbox of other coercive measures Moscow is willing to apply , from trade embargoes to cyber attacks . While the scope of Russian territorial expansion is likely to be limited and the threat of military force mostly held in reserve , the ambition to subordinate the wider region under the aegis of the emerging Eurasian Union is absolutely clear . Welcome to the new Russian Empire . Events in Ukraine have left the West uncertain about how to respond . For all the talk of a new Cold War , there is one important difference with the past that helps to explain why . Whereas Soviet communism defined its ideological purpose in terms of universal goals that posed a threat to the West , Putin emphasizes the exceptional character of Russian civilization and limits his vision to the domination of Eurasia . His challenge is not of the existential variety that once forced Western governments to set aside their differences in the face of a common enemy . It belongs instead to the realm of values where the post-Cold War ideal of a "  Europe whole and free " clashes with Putin 's determination to build an exclusive sphere of influence in the east . It 's much harder to mobilize countries in defense of abstract principles rather than their own physical security , but that is what the West must do if it wants to prevent the unraveling of a European order based on democratic values . While some lessons of the Cold War will be relevant , others will not . One idea that deserves qualified approval is containment , once more being talked about as the basis for U.S. policy towards Russia . This was the strategy adopted by the Truman administration at the onset of the Cold War , designed to block Soviet expansionism through a variety of military , economic and diplomatic countermeasures . The pledge Harry Truman gave to "  support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or outside pressures " is certainly relevant at a time when Russian troops are assembling on Ukraine 's borders and their proxies are orchestrating violence inside the country . There is now an arc of countries stretching from the Gulf of Finland to the borders of China with good reason to be concerned about the direction of Russian policy . Many of them have large Russian minorities of their own . The West needs a comprehensive strategy for engaging with all of them . The states at risk fall into three distinct categories . The first is comprised of countries like Poland and the Baltic States that already enjoy the institutional security of belonging to NATO and the EU . The task here is to reinforce deterrence capabilities in order to prevent miscalculations on the part of Russia . The second group , and probably the most significant , consists of vulnerable pro-Western countries , including Azerbaijan , Georgia , Moldova , and Ukraine itself , all of which now have Russian troops directly or indirectly involved in conflicts on their territory . Azerbaijan is particularly important as a strategic partner in helping to diversify Europe 's energy supplies . The opening of the southern gas corridor with the addition of the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline will provide substantial quantities of Azeri gas by 2019 , thus weakening Russia 's grip on the European market . All of these states are linked to Western institutions through the EU 's European Neighbourhood Policy and NATO 's Partnership for Peace program . These need to be upgraded as a matter of priority , especially since full membership is not an immediate prospect . Objectives should include deeper trade ties , structured political consultations and help in modernizing and strengthening their defensive capabilities . Ultimately , Western countries must be willing to extend explicit security guarantees , preferably within the NATO framework , but outside it if necessary . Engagement with the third group of countries -- authoritarian post-Soviet states including Belarus , Kazakhstan and the other Central Asian republics -- may seem like a waste of time given the support some of them gave Moscow after the seizure of Crimea . But much of this support will have been offered out of fear rather than genuine approval . Just as Cold War containment involved engagement with communist countries , such as China and Yugoslavia , willing to depart from the Moscow line , its modern counterpart should aim to disrupt Putin 's coercive alliance building strategy at every opportunity . There is , however , one important sense in which neo-containment should differ from its Cold War predecessor . Although its architect , George Kennan , always hoped that it would be used to modify Soviet behavior , containment in practice became part of a zero-sum struggle in which there could only be one survivor . The aim of containment today should not be to engineer Russia 's collapse , but to block the illegitimate exercise of power and encourage Russian leaders to pursue their interests by respecting the sovereign equality of their neighbors . In the long-term , Russia would be stronger not weaker as a result . READ MORE : Who is on Russia 's sanctions list ? READ MORE : Ukrainian mayor shot in the back READ MORE : Who will blink first -- Putin or the West ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Clark .	The scale of Russian President Putin 's imperial ambitions revealed , David Clark says But events in Ukraine have left the West uncertain about how to respond , he writes There are an arc of countries with good reason to be concerned about Russian policy Policy of containment must be used to block the illegitimate exercise of power
CNN  -- Storms battering the southern United States put 32 million people from West Virginia to Florida at risk of facing severe weather Tuesday , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons reported . By 7 p.m. ET , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport had more than 500 delays , according to flightaware.com . The storms are already blamed for two deaths , the first October tornado fatalities in the United States since 2009 , CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri reported . Both took place Monday -- one in Alabama and another in Arkansas . Earlier Tuesday , part of the Atlanta area faced a tornado warning . Several inches of rain were pounding large swaths of the Southeast . There were nearly 1,000 lightning strikes in a one-hour period Tuesday morning , Javaheri said . The weather pattern has the Northeast in its sights as well . Some areas could see 3 inches of rain . The expansive storms stretch from Mobile , Alabama , up to Ontario , Canada , Javaheri said . The National Weather Service says there 's a chance of severe thunderstorms in parts of eight states , from the Florida Panhandle north to West Virginia . And while there is a threat of tornadoes , "  widespread wind damage may be more prevalent , " CNN meteorologist Alexandra Steele said . "  Within some of these storms , the winds may gust to 60 to 70 miles per hour . " Deaths blamed on weather A 75-year-old woman in Dora , Alabama , died when a large oak tree fell on her mobile home Monday afternoon , police said . "  She was sitting on her daybed in the trailer and the tree fell directly on top of her , " said Dora Police Chief John Duchock . Kenneth Watts , a volunteer with the Yerkwood Fire Department , lived nearby and tried to rescue the woman , identified as Shirley Hicks . "  I tried everything I could to get her out , but there was a tree on top of her , " he tearfully told CNN affiliate WBMA . "  She was like a grandmother to me . " Her husband was taken to a hospital with head injuries . He 's expected to make a full recovery , WBMA reported . Dora is about 25 miles northwest of Birmingham . Early Monday , a man was killed and three members of his family were injured when storms swept through Little River County in western Arkansas , according Sheriff Gary Gregory , who said the house they were in was leveled . Charles Edward Whithem , 33 , was found dead in the debris near Ashdown , about 18 miles northwest of Texarkana , Gregory said . "  It 's hard to even look at  the home  , " Whithem 's uncle Freddie Harrington told affiliate KTHV . "  It 's sad . I think of all the good times we had . " The system also flipped cars and destroyed several other buildings in the county .	NEW : Atlanta 's airport , world 's busiest , has more than 500 delays by 7 p.m. ET Wind damage may be more prevalent than tornadoes , with gusts up to 70 mph An expansive storm system stretches from the U.S. Gulf Coast to Ontario Monday marked the first October U.S. deaths from tornadoes since 2009
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy could be overturned in the first year of President-elect Barack Obama 's administration , according to the lead sponsor of a bill that would repeal the law . A bill that would repeal the U.S. military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy has 149 co-sponsors in the House . Obama has pledged to lift the ban on gays serving openly in the U.S. military . A spokesman for Obama 's transition office would not comment for this story , but two months ago , Obama suggested he would move cautiously , telling the Philadelphia Gay News he would first get the military on board . "  Although I have consistently said I would repeal ` do n't ask-don ' t tell , ' I believe that the way to do it is to make sure that we are working through processes , getting the Joint Chiefs of Staff clear in terms of what our priorities are going to be , " Obama told the newspaper . Instituted in 1993 , the policy ended the military 's practice of asking potential service members if they are gay , but requires the dismissal of openly gay service members . A bill to replace the law with a policy that would allow gays to openly serve has 149 co-sponsors in the U.S. House , including Ellen Tauscher , D-California . Tauscher said that with a new administration , the timing is right to try to pass the bill . "  The key here is to get bills that pass the House and the Senate , that we can get to President-elect Obama to sign , and I think that we can do that , certainly , the first year of the administration , " Tauscher told CNN . Gay rights advocates say it 's important for Obama to avoid the approach used by the Clinton administration . President Clinton initially promised to repeal the military 's then-complete ban on gays with an executive order . But the plan roiled Pentagon brass -- including then-Joint Chiefs Chairman Colin Powell -- and provoked a fierce backlash from conservatives in Congress . Congress stripped Clinton of his power to change the policy and forced him to accept the "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " compromise -- a law that can be repealed only by Congress . But after 15 years and four wars , attitudes in the Pentagon -- and among the public -- have changed . A Washington Post/ABC News poll this summer found 75 percent of Americans support allowing gays to serve openly , compared to only 45 percent in 1993 . Retired Adm. Charles Larson , the former head of the Naval Academy , heads a list of more than 100 retired U.S. military leaders who have signed a statement calling for an end the policy , according to the Palm Center at the University of California-Santa Barbara . The think tank has studied issues involving gays in the military for the past decade . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Bill would allow gays to openly serve in the U.S. military During run for presidency , Barack Obama said he would repeal "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " Bill sponsor : New policy could pass in first year of Obama administration
Yasuf , West Bank  CNN  -- Vandals burned a mosque in the West Bank on Friday in an attack a Palestinian official said reflected Israeli settler rage over a government moratorium on settlement construction . No one knows who set ablaze and vandalized the mosque -- located in the West Bank village of Yasuf . But the governor of Salfit district , Munir al-Abboushi , told CNN he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack . "  The mosque was completely burned , " al-Abboushi said . "  They burned the praying carpets and Quran holy books , and set the mosque completely on fire , they even burned the loudspeakers where the Imam preaches inside the mosque . " Al-Abboushi said the culprits had scrawled Hebrew graffiti at the entrance of the mosque that read "  price tag -- with regards from Effi . " "  Price tag " is the expression radical Israeli settlers have used to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts . Israel 's Defense Minister Ehud Barak called on the Israeli military , which occupies the West Bank , to find those responsible for the attack . "  This is an extremist action that is meant to harm any effort by the government to advance political processes for Israel 's future , " Barak said in a statement released by his office . Settler leader Dany Dayan -- chairman of the Yesha Council , a group of Jewish municipal councils from the West Bank -- told CNN , "  I hope that Israeli police will uncover the perpetrators whoever they are and will bring them to trial . This act is wrong and foolish . If this act was carried out by a Jew it fills me with great shame . " Al-Abboushi said later Friday morning , after word of the mosque attack had spread , residents of the village were prevented by the Israeli army from approaching the area which resulted in minor clashes with exchanges of rocks and tear gas between the residents and Israeli soldiers . Al-Abboushi expressed doubt that the attack would be investigated properly . "  What do the police and Israeli army do when they attack our holy mosques and houses ? What do they do to the settlers ? But when they attack us they do nothing . " Last month , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a 10-month freeze on new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank . The move has been met with fierce opposition by the politically powerful settler movement and confrontations have erupted almost daily in the West Bank , with groups of settlers forcibly attempting to keep away government inspectors enforcing the ban .	Mosque in West Bank village of Yasuf set ablaze and vandalized Local governor says he believes Jewish settlers were responsible Israeli Defense Minister Barak calls on Israeli army to find those responsible Israel has ordered 10-month freeze on new settlement construction in West Bank
CNN  -- Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor was rushed by ambulance to a Los Angeles hospital Wednesday after suffering a shutdown of blood flow to her left leg , according to her publicist . Gabor 's press representative , John Blanchette , told CNN that Gabor has been sent to UCLA Medical Center . Blanchette said he had no further information about her condition . It is the second time , Gabor , 94 , has taken an emergency trip to hospital since February 1 , when she was transported by ambulance because she was spitting blood . Gabor , the previous month , had part of her right leg amputated because of an infection .	Gabor is rushed to a hospital because of no blood flow in her remaining leg The 94-year-old actress had part of her right leg amputated in February
CNN  -- He 's back . Having kept a relatively low profile since being forced to step down as Italy 's premier last year , Silvio Berlusconi , the bad boy of Italian politics , has decided to run for the fourth time as the centre-right 's prime ministerial candidate in a keenly awaited parliamentary election likely to take place in February . Italy needs a Berlusconi comeback like it needs a hole in the head . The scandal-plagued Berlusconi , who was recently sentenced to four years in prison for tax fraud but has a knack of successfully appealing against his convictions , epitomizes the dysfunctional nature of Italian politics , with its discredited leaders and unstable governments . Read more : Is the eurozone crisis almost over ? Over the past year or so , Mario Monti , Italy 's respected technocratic prime minister , has drawn attention away from these failings by restoring credibility to Italian policymaking . The problem was that Monti , who took over from Berlusconi in November 2011 in the face of a bond market crisis , was always dependent on the parliamentary support of Berlusconi 's People of Liberty  PdL  party to govern . He now no longer has the PdL 's backing and says he 'll resign as soon as next year 's budget is passed . So what next for Italy , and is a "  Berlusconi sell-off " in the bond market in the offing ? To be sure , Berlusconi 's comeback is not entirely unexpected and is more about the implosion of , and dramatic loss of support for , the PdL  not to mention its dependence on Berlusconi for most of its funding  than anything else . Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader The real question , therefore , is whether investors have become too complacent about Italy in their expectation that policy continuity under the next government - which may yet include Monti - is more or less assured . I suspect they have to a degree and are now staring at the uncertain prospect of a post-Monti political landscape in Italy . Fortunately for Italy , the bond-buying programme of the European Central Bank  ECB  is providing a powerful counterweight to concerns about Italian politics . If Berlusconi 's party had withdrawn its support for Monti 's government before ECB president Mario Draghi promised in late July to "  do whatever it takes " to save the eurozone , Italian yields would have already risen sharply . This is not to say that investors wo n't start to reprice Italian credit risk in the coming days and weeks . Rather , it suggests that the scope for a sharp and disorderly sell-off akin to the one Italy suffered in November 2011 is quite limited . Still , Monti 's decision to stand down as premier once parliament approves the 2013 budget provides the first big test for Italy 's bond market since the ECB-driven rally in Italian debt began in late July . Having shone mostly on Spain over the past few months , the spotlight of the markets is now shifting to Italy . The most important priority for Italian policymakers is to maintain confidence in the country 's huge stock of government debt , the largest in the eurozone in absolute terms and the second-largest as a share of GDP after Greece . This is why Italy 's upcoming government bond auctions will be scrutinized for any sign that investors are losing confidence in Italian debt - particularly since foreign buyers of Italian debt are already few and far between . Perhaps the most salient point about the latest developments in Italy is that investors should start paying more attention to idiosyncratic , or country-specific , risks . Just because the ECB is prepared to intervene forcefully in Italian and Spanish bond markets does not mean that the underlying problems of the eurozone 's third and fourth-largest economies respectively are being addressed . Indeed , quite the opposite . Italy remains mired in recession and now faces weeks of political uncertainty at a time when it can least afford it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicholas Spiro .	Silvio Berlusconi is making a fourth run for Prime Minister in Italy 's upcoming parliamentary elections Monti leaving is the first big test for Italy 's bond market since the ECB vowed to save the eurozone in July , Spiro says Spiro says developments in Italy show investors should start paying more attention to country-specific risks
CNN  -- If you 're a celebrity , royal , CEO or athlete planning to stride down the aisle , there 's one name you 'll hear sprouting from everyone 's lips : Preston Bailey . The Panama-born designer has spent the past three decades decorating all manner of lush , lavish events around the globe , but weddings -- complete with his signature massive floralscapes -- are where he 's most deeply rooted . Bailey is far from the only flower fanatic out there : A 2014 study by the Association of Bridal Consultants showed the average wedding costs of $ 28,016 , and including about $ 1,800 for "  flowers and decorations . " The study estimates bridal bouquets at $ 139 , reception table centerpieces at $ 366 , flower girl flower at $ 86 and flower girl petals at $ 84 . Bailey 's newest book , "  Designing with Flowers , " hits bookstores on April 8 . CNN spoke with him about how to create a floral fantasy for your own wedding -- even if you do n't have a bloomin ' big budget . An edited transcript is below . CNN : Why do weddings and flowers go together so well ? Bailey : The reason is simple . Flowers have always been a symbol of celebration . It 's a great way to convey happiness and beauty . If you walk into a room that has flowers , you immediately respond in a very positive way . It 's a mood-changing thing . You feel something . It 's dealing with emotions . I really got turned on to flowers on one of the cherry blossom weekends in Washington . It was the most incredible thing in the world and I had a moment where I imagined , "  What would happen if I could bring this inside ? " CNN : Flowers are n't just visual . What impact are you going for with the rest of the senses ? Bailey : The scent can almost transport you elsewhere . I 've always felt I did a great job when I created a room with beautiful flowers and the guests are so happy and excited that they do n't want to leave . I think "  OK , I nailed it . " I try to create rooms that are so beautiful and powerful , not just visually , but with scent , that people are happy and feel a sense of celebration . CNN : People have traditional spots for flowers in their wedding -- maybe in a bouquet , as centerpieces or tied to the ends of pews . Where should they focus their energy  and budget  ? Bailey : Flowers do n't need to be only in vases . They can be in a napkin or on the table or in the aisle . In the book , we have strands blowing in the wind . I 'd like to encourage people to think out of the vase , in many different ways that can be exciting . You do n't have to limit yourself to arrangements . CNN : Not everyone has a Preston Bailey-level budget . What can they do to get the most bang for their buck ? Bailey : When I started , my first budget was $ 200 . I very much believe today what I did then : with a smaller budget , you have to be realistic about the things that are most important . In my mind , one of the most important moments is seeing the bride walking down the aisle . That 's the first impression , so you want to create a beautiful bouquet . -LSB- Editor 's note : When Bailey married his husband Theo Bleckmann in 2013 at age 63 , he emerged from a giant bridal sculpture that was rolled down the aisle , carrying a bouquet . -RSB- Another important location is the dinner . They 're going to be sitting at the table all night , so you want invest some money in a centerpiece or a detail on a napkin . I also like to do something beautiful for the escort card arrangement , because that sets the tone for the event . But a budget 's a budget . It 's a matter of how much you can afford and how much you can do with it . Concentrate on the areas that are more important and visible and you 'll be just fine . CNN : When people are buying flowers , what do they need to consider ? Bailey : A lot of places where you buy flowers , they have matured , and they 're completely open . That means that they might only last another half a day . You have to know a little bit -- how long they 're going to open , what room temperature they need to open . There are flowers that last 10 days and flowers that last one day . It is important to do your research . If you 're using a florist , they will know this , but if you 're trying to do it yourself , my strongest advice is that if the wedding is not that same day , do n't buy flowers that are completely open , because they 're going to die on your big wedding day . CNN : Yikes ! So how should the flowers be preserved during all the preparation ? Bailey : You have to keep in mind that flowers are living beings . It 's important to always cut the stems at an angle , before you put them in water . And I 'm very old-school . I do not believe in chemicals of any kind . Just make sure that you change the water daily . They love fresh water . They do not like to be in a warm environment , unless you want them to open very quickly . Make sure there 's a comfortable room temperature if you want them to open slowly , but changing the water daily is my best advice . CNN : How much attention should couples pay to seasonality ? Bailey : You should use seasonal flowers . It 's much more cost-effective , they 're much more available . In the winter , we do not have a lot available ; however , there are flowers like amaryllis , that bloom in December . Paperwhites bloom then , too , and they can be used as potted plants . Amaryllis , by the way , is a beautiful flower with one long stem and it 's perfect for a centerpiece . After the wedding , you get to keep it for another couple of weeks . There are ways that , as a designer , I have to think about what 's more practical for the season . If you buy spring flowers in the winter , it 's going to be five times more expensive . CNN : I 'm sure some of your clients want that ! Bailey : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Yes ! You can find them , but it 's a lot of cost and I would not advise that . CNN : Is there some flower you hope you never see again ? Bailey : I used to say that about carnations , and I changed my mind . There are a couple of cultures that like carnations , and I 'm using them now for sculptures instead of just arrangements . They 're great because they 're very long-lasting -- it 's like a flower that never dies ! But I always get into trouble when I say this , but I 'm going to say it anyway : I grew up in Panama , and in my backyard , there was tons of bird-of-paradise , and we considered them weeds . So I 'm not crazy about them . CNN : What flower would you love for more couples to use ? Bailey : Vanda orchids . It 's a very deep purple flower , and I think it 's one of the most beautiful orchids around . But they are so cost-prohibitive , it 's ridiculous . I ca n't wait for the day that somebody creates a less expensive way to make them accessible . On the more affordable side : classic roses . Throughout the year , the cost has been going down because the market is so saturated . Because so many people have been using them , roses have become very cost-effective . CNN : Let 's say the couple wants to re-create the magic on their first anniversary . What would be a fun way to recreate the event on a more intimate scale , florally speaking ? Bailey : I think it 's great to keep the celebration going and see what flowers you used in your wedding and use them again in a different way . I remember one of my clients was celebrating a second anniversary , and we replicated the bride 's bouquet . I think that was really great ! Celebrate the day with some of the same flowers and I think it could be very meaningful . CNN : You may or may not be able to answer this question , but what 's the biggest flower budget a client has ever given you to work with ? Bailey : And you 're absolutely right -- I ca n't answer that . It 's such a bummer because I 'm under confidentiality agreements . But again , it 's all relative and what 's a lot of money for one person is not for the other . How much did you spend on your wedding flowers , and did you get creative ? Let us know in the comments below , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Preston Bailey is known for fantasy floral designs , but the same rules apply on any budget Focus on visible , high-impact areas , like a bride 's bouquet or table centerpieces Research before you buy so you know when they 'll be in full bloom Bailey : Trim stems at an angle , skip chemicals and change water every day
CNN  -- On Sunday , ISIS released a new audio recording calling for Muslims to kill Americans and Europeans . In it , an ISIS spokesman states , "  If you can kill a disbelieving American or European , especially the spiteful and filthy French , or an Australian , or a Canadian or any other disbeliever , then rely upon Allah , and kill him in any manner or way however it may be . " Last week 's federal indictment against Mufid Elfgeeh provides a reminder of the potential for acts of violence by Americans inspired by al Qaeda 's ideology that the new recording by ISIS seeks to exploit . Elfgeeh , a 30-year-old American citizen of Yemeni heritage who owns a pizza parlor in Rochester , New York , is accused of attempting to provide support to ISIS and planning to attack American soldiers . In a new report which we helped co-author , the Bipartisan Policy Center 's Homeland Security Project , a successor to the 9/11 Commission , assessed the current threat posed by such "  homegrown " militants . Since 9/11 , jihadist terrorists have killed 25 people in the United States . Each one of those deaths is a tragedy , but none of these attacks were national catastrophes as 9/11 was . While al Qaeda and its affiliates have failed to conduct any successful attacks in the United States since 9/11 , they have sought to encourage action from militant American citizens , who might be more capable of carrying out terrorist operations in the States than foreign operatives given the stringent security measures now in place . Unfortunately , this strategy of promoting homegrown extremism has demonstrated some successes , such as Maj. Nidal Hasan 's killing of 13 people at the Fort Hood , Texas , military base in 2009 and the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings , which authorities have said were carried out by Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev . All of these were inspired by the propaganda of Anwar al-Awlaki , the American cleric killed in a 2011 U.S. drone strike in Yemen after he took up an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . According to the New America Foundation 's research , an astonishing quarter of the 247 jihadist extremists charged since 9/11 either possessed copies of al-Awlaki 's propaganda materials , cited him as an influence or were in communication with him . The influence of al-Awlaki and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's English-language magazine Inspire has persisted even after al-Awlaki 's death . Worrisomely , around 100 Americans have traveled to fight in Syria with opposition groups , including with ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front . So far , nine Americans have been charged with attempting to support or supporting ISIS or Nusra , according to a count by New America . In addition , at least two Americans have died fighting with these groups : Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , who committed a suicide bombing in Syria for Nusra Front , and Douglas McCain , who died fighting with ISIS . The difficulty al Qaeda and similar groups have had in inspiring Americans to conduct attacks at home is due to the strength of systemic security checks , such as the willingness of Muslim communities to report potential terrorist activity . A third of the extremists charged since 2001 were implicated by tips from family or local community members , according to an analysis by New America . Of the 51 plots to conduct an attack inside the United States since 9/11 , nearly half were initiated while the suspects were under surveillance by informants , according to a count by New America . The role that the Muslim community has played as well as aggressive law enforcement efforts using informants have both helped to make the United States a hard target for militants . Add to these factors other measures taken since 9/11 ; the day that al Qaeda 's hijackers attacked the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , there were only 16 people on the U.S. no-fly list . Today , there are more than 40,000 . In 2001 , there were 32 Joint Terrorism Task Force "  fusion centers , " where multiple law enforcement agencies work together to chase down leads and build terrorism cases . Now there are 103 . Before 9/11 , the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , National Counterterrorism Center , Transportation Security Administration , Northern Command and Cyber Command did n't exist . In 2014 , all of these new institutions make it much harder for terrorists to operate in the United States . The U.S. intelligence budget also grew dramatically after 9/11 , with Congress giving the government substantial resources with which to improve its counterterrorism capabilities . In 2013 , the United States allocated $ 72 billion to intelligence collection and other covert activities . Before 9/11 , the budget was around a third of that figure : $ 26 billion . In addition , greater public awareness of the danger posed by terrorism has also made the United States a much harder target . It was his fellow passengers who tackled Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the "  underwear bomber , " on Christmas Day 2009 as he tried to detonate a bomb on Northwest Flight 253 as it flew over Detroit .	New report seeks to assess threat of terrorist attacks in the U.S. Peter Bergen says biggest risk is posed by individuals motivated by jihadist ideology Large-scale terror attacks such as 9/11 are less likely due to increased security , he says .
CNN  The New England Patriots rallied to down the Seattle Seahawks 28-24 Sunday and win Super Bowl XLIX at Glendale , Arizona . Quarterback Tom Brady completed a Super Bowl record 37 passes and threw for four touchdowns . The Patriots are the sixth team to win at least four Super Bowl trophies . Brady overcame two interceptions and threw for 328 yards . Julian Edelman caught nine passes and had the game-winning touchdown with 2:02 remaining in the contest . Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson shrugged off a slow start to complete 12 of 21 passes for 247 yards , but he threw an interception at the Patriots goal line with 20 seconds to go . Seattle running back Marshawn Lynch had 102 yards rushing and one score . The Patriots trailed 24-14 before Brady threw two touchdown passes in the fourth quarter .	Tom Brady threw a game-winning pass to Julian Edelman with two minutes remaining The Patriots are one of six teams to win at least four Super Bowls
CNN  -- A crusading Sri Lankan journalist shot dead last week knew he would be killed -- he said so in a dramatic , posthumously published column touching a raw nerve in his war-torn island nation . A candlelight vigil in the Sri Lankan capital in memory of slain journalist Lasantha Wickrematunga . Lasantha Wickrematunga , editor-in-chief of The Sunday Leader , was gunned down execution-style January 8 but spoke from the grave three days later when the newspaper published "  And Then They Came For Me . " That posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces and defended the craft of journalism in his country , a profession under fire during its bitter civil war . "  Diplomats , recognizing the risk journalists face in Sri Lanka , have offered me safe passage and the right of residence in their countries . Whatever else I may have been stuck for , I have not been stuck for choice . But there is a calling that is yet above high office , fame , lucre and security . It is the call of conscience , " Wickrematunga wrote . "  People often ask me why I take such risks and tell me it 's a matter of time before I am bumped off . " Wickrematunga wrote that he was twice assaulted and his house was fired upon . "  Despite the government 's sanctimonious assurances , there was never a serious police inquiry into the perpetrators of these attacks , and the attackers were never apprehended . "  In all of these cases , I have reason to believe the attacks were inspired by the government . When finally I am killed , it will be the government that kills me , " he wrote . Sri Lankan President Mahindra Rajapaksa , asked about threats to journalists , voiced assurance that no journalist or media institution had cause to fear any threats or attacks by the government , according to a statement on the government 's official Web site . Watch Sri Lanka 's foreign minister discuss press freedom " "  The government had no interest whatever in seeking disgrace through any attacks on the media , " he said , and he assured media leaders that the culprits would be captured and brought to justice , the statement said . Hostility against journalists and their institutions has been high as the Sinhalese-dominated government forces work to eradicate the last vestiges of Tamil Tiger separatists in the Jaffna peninsula , the rebel-held northern region . The 25-year-old civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . Sunanda Deshapriya , spokesman for Sri Lanka 's Free Media Movement , said harassment of journalists has been common , and cited these examples from the past year : two journalists killed , another journalist shot at , more than 50 reports of intimidations and threats , 12 media personnel arrested , 16 journalists physically assaulted , one tortured , one assaulted in an abduction attempt , the circulation of a list with 27 journalists targeted for killings , the proposal of a censorship law , and the naming of some journalists as terrorists or terrorist supporters . On January 6 , 15 masked gunmen entered Maharajah TV studios outside the capital , Colombo . The journalism watchdog group Committee to Protect Journalists said the attackers shot at and destroyed broadcast equipment , held staff members at gunpoint , and attempted to burn down the station 's facilities . CNN on Wednesday interviewed the head of Maharajah TV , Chevaan Daniel , about the incident . Afterward , Sri Lanka 's defense secretary , Gotabhaya Rajapaksa , called for the arrest of a person who had talked to CNN , Deshapriya said . CPJ said the government-run media has criticized Maharajah TV for its coverage of a suicide bombing in the capital and "  undermining " a presidential victory speech after government troops took Kilinochchi -- which had been the de facto capital of the Tamil Tigers movement . Government officials have condemned strikes on Colombo and have ordered probes . Bob Dietz , CPJ 's Asia program director , said that "  far too often the government or its unofficial allies have been prime suspects behind attacks on journalists and media organizations , " despite government condemnations and investigations . As the civil warfare first unfolded , Tamil journalists were targeted , Dietz said . But in the past year and a half , mainstream journalists , such as those who raise questions about the government 's military activity , have been facing a crackdown -- even if they are from the majority Sinhalese ethnic group or sharply critical of the Tamil rebel movement . This includes Wickrematunga , who questioned the government 's successes and value of its military actions . "  That really got under the skin of the government , " Dietz said . "  It 's one thing to insult the president , but another thing to insult the military during wartime . " "  This killing is the worst , " said Dietz , who compared it to the impact that would be felt if a New York Times or Washington Post columnist were killed in the United States . Wickrematunga 's killing spurred a demonstration in Colombo by 4,000 people , which Reporters Without Borders said was the largest since the government of Mahinda Rajapaksa took power three years ago . Another protest was to be held on Thursday in London . The title of Wickrematunga 's column was inspired by a poem by a German theologian about how Germans failed to react to Nazism in the past century before it was too late . In his rendition of the poem , Wickrematunga wrote : "  First they came for the Jews and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew . Then they came for the Communists and I did not speak out because I was not a Communist . Then they came for the trade unionists and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist . Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me . " Wickrematunga pronounces his pride in his profession 's attempt to chronicle life in a country at war and his paper 's work to bravely represent all people -- "  Sinhalese , Tamil , Muslim , low-caste , homosexual , dissident or disabled . " He casts the paper as an independent organ that faithfully records events . He said the paper lacks a political agenda and wants to see Sri Lanka as a "  transparent , secular , liberal democracy . " "  No other profession calls on its practitioners to lay down their lives for their art save the armed forces and , in Sri Lanka , journalism , " he wrote , adding that "  countless journalists have been harassed , threatened and killed . It has been my honor to belong to all those categories and now especially the last . " "  I have the satisfaction of knowing that I walked tall and bowed to no man . And I have not traveled this journey alone . Fellow journalists in other branches of the media walked with me : most of them are now dead , imprisoned without trial or exiled in far-off lands . " He also castigates the country 's president , who had been a long-time friend . "  In the wake of my death I know you will make all the usual sanctimonious noises and call upon the police to hold a swift and thorough inquiry . But like all the inquiries you have ordered in the past , nothing will come of this one too . "	Lasantha Wickrematunga gunned down execution-style January 8 Posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces Govt. : Says no journalist , media institution should fear attack by government Civil war with Tamil Tigers has killed more than 65,000
CNN  -- Two people were killed and three others were in critical condition Saturday when a truck carrying fireworks on North Carolina 's Outer Banks exploded , officials said . Smoke from the explosion of a truck carrying fireworks rises over Ocracoke Island , North Carolina , Saturday . Jamie Tunnell , Hyde County spokeswoman , said the fireworks were to be used for the annual Fourth of July show on Ocracoke Island , and the five people were members of the crew setting up the display . The truck exploded at the Ocracoke Island docks . One person was killed at the scene , while another died at a hospital from injuries sustained in the blast , Tunnell said . Emergency crews and firefighters arrived . Tunnell said two volunteer firefighters were being treated for smoke inhalation and exhaustion . Joseph Chestnut , 16 , was working at the Ride the Wind kayak-rental stand in Ocracoke when he heard the explosion across the harbor . He thought a home under construction had collapsed , he told CNN 's iReport . iReport.com : Smoke rises from explosion site "  I saw all these fireworks blowing up , " he said . "  They were low , and I knew that something was wrong . " Watch images from the scene " "  It was just really scary . There 's never been an accident like that before that I 've seen here , " Chestnut added . The Hatteras Island ferry service was temporarily suspended , but had reopened by midday , and Highway 12 was clear , she said . The island , which is part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore , can be reached only by ferry , private boat or plane . The FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were going to investigate on Saturday , she said .	Two killed , three critically injured when truck carrying fireworks exploded The five were to set up Fourth of July show on Ocracoke Island in Outer Banks Truck blew up at the Ocracoke Island docks Hatteras Island ferry service suspended ; reopened midday
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Health authorities in Hong Kong have found more eggs contaminated with the chemical melamine . Chinese consumers were taking the news in stride . "  Stop eating eggs ? " asked one customer . "  That 's not doable . " The chemical is at the center of a tainted milk scandal that has sickened more than 50,000 children across China . It 's showing up in fresh eggs , according to Hong Kong 's Center for Food Safety . Contaminated eggs were found in a batch produced by Jingshan Pengchang Agriculture Product Company , located in Hubei province , about 430 miles  695 km  east of Shanghai , the center said in a statement Tuesday Although much lower in melamine content than contaminated eggs produced by Hanwei Eggs that were discovered last week in Hong Kong , the Jingshan eggs were still above the legal limit . Tainted eggs from Hanwei had nearly double the maximum permissible level . Health officials in Zhejiang City also found melamine in Ciyunxiang-brand eggs produced by Changzhi City Green Biological Development Center , from Shanxi Province . Watch how melamine is thought to have entered the food chain " Melamine is a chemical used in making plastics and fertilizer . But in recent times , it has become the badge of shame for the Chinese food industry . Authorities say people illegally added it to food products to suggest that they contained a higher level of protein . Learn more about the chemical melamine " U.N. officials worry that melamine has been introduced to animal feed and that it may turn up in chicken , pork , farmed fish and other products . Health officials in Hong Kong say that there 's little risk to human health -- and that a child would have to eat perhaps 20 eggs a day for the melamine to have an effect . But Wal-Mart decided not to take any chances . It pulled Hanwei eggs from the shelves of its supermarkets across China . The egg scare is unlikely to take on the same dimensions as the tainted milk powder scandal , which sickened 54,000 Chinese children and led to the deaths of four babies . Again , melamine was the culprit -- and the consequences could be long-lasting . Watch more on the local reaction to melamine found in eggs " Experts say melamine 's health risks are not well known . According to Dr. Dan Blumenthal of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia , "  something we do n't know is whether there is a safe amount of melamine in food . " In the meantime , Blumenthal recommends "  the prudent thing to do is to stay away from foods that might be contaminated , and this especially means infant formula and other dairy products that are coming from China . " The Chinese leadership , long criticized by other governments for poor food safety standards , has promised action . A committee of the National People 's Congress is reviewing a new draft law . Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said last weekend , "  Food is a continuous process that begins in the fields and ends on your dinner table . From production to transportation to refining to packaging to manufacture , every process needs to go through thorough and strict testing . " The stakes are high for China 's food industry and its consumers . Food exports from China were worth $ 27 billion in 2006 , and Chinese food exports to the United States have risen fivefold since 1990 . Recent scandals involving melamine have led governments around the world to ban the import of certain Chinese foods ; and Beijing wants to restore credibility to the "  Made in China " label . CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this story .	Tainted eggs from Hanwei were discovered in Hong Kong late last week U.N. concerned that melamine has been introduced to animal feed Tainted milk powder scandal sickened 50,000 Chinese children ; killed four Chinese food exports to the United States have risen five-fold since 1990
London  CNN  -- The British government asked the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee to redact small parts of the panel 's report that criticized the CIA 's harsh interrogation program , a representative for Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday . The comment came in response to a question from CNN about whether the UK government had seen the report on the CIA 's enhanced interrogation program before it was released to the public this week , and whether London had asked for redactions or changes . "  The U.S. gave our agencies limited sight of some sections of the executive summary before its publication , " Cameron 's representative said about the report on the CIA program , which critics call torture . "  Our agencies highlighted a small number of issues in the proposed text where changes would be necessary to protect UK national security and intelligence operations . "  None of these redactions related to allegations of UK involvement in detainee mistreatment . " Related : CIA feared for future of interrogation program , report shows Information on what was altered or obscured in the 499-page executive summary at the UK government 's request was n't immediately available . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	UK previewed parts of Senate report 's executive summary , Cameron representative says UK raised concern about a "  small number of issues " Official : Redactions did n't relate "  to allegations of UK involvement in detainee mistreatment "
CNN  -- David Nalbandian was disqualified in the ATP Queen 's Club final Sunday for angrily kicking down an advertising board and injuring a court side official . The Argentinian was leading Croatia 's Marin Cilic by a set and trailed 3-4 in the second , having just dropped his service , when the incident occurred . A Cilic serve to his forehand saw Nalbandian unable to return and he took out his frustration on the board , which was just in front of line judge Andrew McDougall . The force of Nalbandian 's kick left McDougall with a nasty gash to his leg and he stood up to protest to the player . Umpire Fergus Murphy halted play before ATP supervisor Tom Barnes came onto the court to speak to him and the 30-year-old Nalbandian , who was officially defaulted for "  unsportsmanlike behavior . " He later returned to apologize for his actions to the 6,000 capacity crowd at the club in London . "  I am sorry to do that . Sometimes we get very frustrated here on court . It is tough to control , " he said . "  It is a mistake . It is a tough moment to end a final like that . Sometimes we feel the pressure from the ATP . It is a mistake and I have to pay for that . Everybody makes mistakes . " A subdued Cilic was handed the tournament trophy , the first ATP title for the 23-year-old since winning in St Petersburg in October last year . Federer shocked by Haas in Halle final "  It was very bitter . It 's definitely not the way I wanted to win , " Cilic said . "  I ca n't change it , but I 'm really sorry for the fans that it finished like this . " Tournament director Chris Kermode told BBC Sport that officials had been left with no other option than to default Nalbandian . "  David is struggling to come to terms with it . He clearly regrets what happened -- but these things happen . "  Queen 's is sold out and the spectators are watching some great tennis , so to have the match end this way is quite disappointing . "  But there 's not a lot we can do about it . We are under the governance of ATP rules . " Kermode added that McDougall had been taken to the tournament 's medical center to have attention for his injured leg . An ATP official later told CNN that in their records dating back to 1980 they could not find another instance of a player being disqualified in an ATP final for a similar offense than committed by Nalbandian .	David Nalbandian disqualified in Queen 's Club final Argentine star injured line judge after kicking over an advertising hoarding Andrew McDougall left with a gashed leg in incident Croatia 's Marin Cilic awarded the match and title
The impact of the drought currently gripping the United States is real and tangible , as millions can attest . But the depth of the pain still falls short of that experienced by many in the Great Plains and beyond during the so-called Dust Bowl era of the 1930s . Here is a look -- by the numbers -- comparing what happened then and what 's happening now , both times due to pervasive and historic droughts . The Dust Bowl days 8 : The years of the general duration of the so-called Dust Bowl era , from 1931 to 1939 3.5 million : People who left their homes in the Great Plains and beyond due to drought 250,000 : Families who lost their farms and ranches to bank foreclosures 60 mph : Speed of winds pushing a huge dust cloud on April 13 , 1935 , through Colorado , Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas and beyond -- causing hundreds of deaths -- during what is called "  Black Sunday " 5 : The string of years in the 1930s of the warmest temperatures ever recorded until recently in Amarillo , Texas 74 : The degrees of temperature drop in an 18-hour span in Boise City , Oklahoma , in February 1933 , as Dust Bowl winters were often bitterly cold 20 million : Hectares of range and farmland ruined annually during the Dust Bowl era 13 : The number of camps , consisting of about 300 families each , set up by the Farm Security Administration for Dust Bowl migrants escaping the hardest hit areas The current drought 40 : Number of the 50 states with drought-designated counties as determined by the federal government , making them eligible for emergency aid 63 % : Amount of the contiguous U.S. experiencing moderate to exceptional drought conditions 33 % : Amount of the contiguous U.S. in such straits last year , indicating 30 % more of the country now faces such conditions # 1 : The historic rank for July 2012 , nationally , in temperature , making it the hottest July since records were first kept in 1895 123.4 : The bushels of corn per acre predicted by the USDA , the lowest yield since 1995 4 billion : The number of fewer bushels of U.S. corn likely to be produced , compared to what was forecast at the beginning of the year 80 % : The amount of U.S. agricultural land being affected by the current drought 65 % : The level of U.S. cattle production being affected by the current drought Sources : Library of Congress , U.S. Department of Agriculture , National Climatic Data Center , U.S. Drought Monitor	The Dust Bowl lasted for 8 years , causing millions to leave their homes An estimated 20 million hectares of farmland were ineffective annually The current drought is affecting all but a handful of American states 4 billion fewer bushels of corn will be produced this year than once expected
CNN  -- Whipped by high winds , wildfires in central Washington state have scorched 28,000 acres and destroyed at least 60 buildings , officials said Tuesday . One of those structures was the home of Elaine Burt . After she left her home near Ellensburg she received terrible news from a neighbor ; she 'd lost more than a home -- all her dogs had died , too , CNN affiliate KING reported . "  They 're all dead , and my house is gone , " she said as her neighbor phoned her with an update . "  Those poor little doggies . " Burt 's chihuahuas were on the porch when the flames of the fast-moving fire came . "  All my mamas and all my big sows , all of them , they 're all dead , " she said . Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire declared Kittitas and Yakima counties to be in states of emergency , according to a written statement from her office . The Washington National Guard will provide air support to the Department of Natural Resources , which is in charge of statewide firefighting efforts . The fire raging near Cle Elum is one of several Western fires burning this week . Colorado paid the price earlier this summer . Now , new wildfires are burning through sagebrush , grass and beetle-killed lodgepole pines in California , Oregon , Nevada , Washington and Idaho . In all , 62 fires , including 16 new large fires , were burning as of Tuesday , the U.S. Forest Service reported . They have destroyed dozens of homes and are threatening many more . Washington 's Taylor Bridge Fire began as a brush fire Monday afternoon . By Tuesday afternoon more than 20,000 acres , or 31 square miles , were burned . Authorities have already evacuated between 900 people near the Taylor Bridge Fire , the governor 's office said . There was no report of any injuries . "  The fire behavior I would classify as extreme , " Rex Reed , the incident commander , earlier Tuesday . "  Extreme fire conditions . We expect a very busy day . Very rapid rates of spread . There are multiple heads on this fire . " He said authorities were working to activate National Guard troops to assist in the operation in Kittitas County . In Idaho , a blaze has killed a 20-year-old firefighter . Two other firefighters have been injured in Oregon and California . Anne Veseth died Sunday while fighting the Steep Canyon Fire near Orofino , said Phil Sammon of the Forest Service . He said the death was accidental but could not confirm how it happened . However , CNN affiliate KTVB said Veseth was killed by a falling tree . Residents of Veseth 's hometown , Moscow , remembered the young college student as someone who always gave back to community . "  This is a stark reminder of how dangerous the business is that we are in , " Sammon said . "  We are extremely saddened by this loss . " Residents evacuate as hundreds of firefighters battle California wildfires On Tuesday , the fire danger spiked with searing temperatures and single-digit humidity across Western states . In some places , winds were gusting up to 40 miles per hour . More than 750 firefighters and support personnel were working in Oregon and Nevada to corral the 418,235-acre Holloway Fire , the largest of the Western wildfires ignited by a lightning strike on August 5 . "  We saw huge fire whorls all night , " said Fred Kaninski , fire behavior analyst for the Holloway Fire . "  It was burning like daytime . " In California , a pair of fires north of San Francisco in Lake County burned 7,000 acres and were 30 % contained Tuesday , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . Two buildings were destroyed and one was damaged , CNN affiliate KGO reported . An additional 480 homes are threatened , and a firefighter was injured while battling the flames , said Julie Hutchinson of the state 's forestry and fire department . She did not have information on the status of the injured firefighter . Meteorologists predict the dry heat will last into next week -- not good news for firefighters . Any thunderstorms that pop up could present more bad news than good , since lightning strikes could spark more flames . However , rain doused the killer Waldo Canyon Fire that blazed out of control through parts of Colorado for many weeks this summer . On Tuesday , Colorado was not on the national map for large fires . Neighbors vs. nature as wildfires rage in Oklahoma CNN 's Moni Basu and John Fricke contributed to this report .	Washington blaze has grown to 28,000 acres National Guard activated in Washington , will provide air support An Idaho firefighter is killed battling a blaze In all , 62 fires are burning
Tokyo  CNN  -- As Japanese authorities widen their investigation into ties between financial institutions and organized crime , an investigative reporter says the current allegations have left with a sense of "  dj vu . " "  In 2004 , Citibank  Japan  lost their private banking license because they were allowing yakuza to do many complex transactions , " Jake Adelstein , author of "  Tokyo Vice " and an expert on Japan 's mafia -- known as the yakuza -- told CNN . "  They got spanked in 2009 for failing to update their databases and allowing yakuza to do business with them again . The Financial Services Agency  FSA  , the country 's financial regulator , will send inspectors to Japan 's three largest banks -- Mizuho Bank , Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ Bank and Sumitomo Mitsui Bank -- to "  review over their corporate governance , legal compliance and overall risk management , " said Hiroki Kato , director of the Inspection Bureau of the FSA . The on-site inspections are scheduled to begin next week . All three banks declined to comment on the review when contacted by CNN . Ties to gangs Mizuho has already come under scrutiny after 54 executives , including the bank 's president , were punished after it was revealed an affiliate made more than $ 2 million in loans to people with ties to organized crime . Yakuza is the name given to Japan 's organized crime syndicates . Adelstein -- the only American who has worked a crime beat for the Yomiuri Shimbun , Japan 's largest newspaper -- has called them "  Goldman Sachs with guns " because of the financial prowess and sometimes brutal means . "  The yakuza have been tremendously successful because they can work out in the open , " Adelstein told CNN . "  They have business cards , they have office buildings . People know who they are -- they have fan magazines and they have a lot of money . " Strict code Members are said to follow a strict code of discipline -- and often sport full body tattoos . The biggest and wealthiest yakuza gang -- the Yamaguchi-gumi -- is said to number nearly 40,000 members . Robert Feldman of Morgan Stanley Japan once called the Yamaguichi-gumi "  Japan 's largest private equity group . " Belonging to a yakuza gang itself is not a crime . But members are known to engage in drugs , prostitution and gambling . After recent crackdowns by Japanese authorities , yakuza are making more strides into white-collar crime , experts say . "  So if you have a lot of money and a lot of information and you can use blackmail and extortion to do insider trading it can make quite a tremendous financial force , " Adelstein said . "  Yakuza have tremendous political connections and they have a lot of information to blackmail people . "	Three of Japan 's largest banks are under scrutiny for making loans to underworld groups Mizuho has punished 54 executives loans to people affiliated with the yakuza , the Japanese mafia Expert : "  Yakuza have been tremendously successful because they can work out in the open "
CNN  -- His journey started in Nigeria , a taunted teenager with large tumors on his face , driven into deep despair . Eleven years later , Victor Chukwueke has undergone numerous surgeries and is a step closer to achieving his dream of becoming a doctor . In a rare act , the United States Congress passed a private bill last week granting Chukwueke permanent residency after years of his living in Michigan on an expired visa . The bill is awaiting President Barack Obama 's signature . "  The day Congress passed the bill was one of the happiest days of my life , " says Chukwueke , who left Nigeria as a teen in 2001 to get treatment for the tumors . Private bills -- which only apply to one person and mostly focus on immigration -- seldom pass . His is the only private bill to pass in Congress in two years . "  I was overwhelmed with joy ; it was nothing less than a miracle , " the 26-year-old says . "  Only in this country can so many miraculous and wonderful things happen to someone like me . " Before coming to the United States at age 15 , Chukwueke lived in the southeastern Nigeria town of Ovim . He suffers from neurofibromatosis , a genetic disorder that causes massive life-threatening tumors on his face . Treated as an outcast because of his deformed face , he was depressed and humiliated , he says . His family abandoned him at an orphanage . Nuns from the Daughters of Mary Mother of Mercy rescued him from the orphanage more than a decade ago and arranged for a Michigan doctor to perform surgery on him . He says he considers himself lucky to have developed the tumors . "  Without them , I would not have met the nun , left Nigeria , arrived in the U.S. and had the miracle to attend medical school , " he says . He lives with the nuns in Oak Park , Michigan . They have cared for him since he came to the U.S. , where he has undergone seven surgeries , including one that left him blind in the right eye . Doctors performed Chukwueke 's surgeries over a period of time , he says , which contributed to his expired visa . Despite the obstacles , he remains committed to getting an education . "  My own personal struggles to receive treatment have motivated and encouraged me to pursue a medical career ... to alleviate the pain and suffering of others , " he says . "  A medical career will allow me many gratifying years of making a difference in the health and lives of others . I strongly believe one can make another person 's life worthy of living ... I have experienced it . " He finished his GED -- the equivalent of a high school education -- while undergoing treatment and enrolled at a community college . A benefactor later helped him attend Wayne State University , where he graduated with a bachelor 's degree in biochemistry and chemical biology last year . He had a 3.82 GPA and gave the university 's commencement speech . "  Should I call myself a victim , or should I press forward to my dreams ? " he asked during the speech amid thunderous applause . Soon after his graduation , the University of Toledo in Ohio admitted him to medical school . The only hurdle : The program requires him to have permanent residency status , also known as a green card . Though he qualifies for the DREAM Act , which gives immigrants who came to the United States as minors temporary residency , the measure would not give him the permanent status mandated by the university , according to his attorney . And so began Chukwueke 's journey to get legalized , a quest that has seen strangers rally to his help . His attorney Thomas K. Ragland took his case pro bono . "  Victor 's story is remarkable , " says Ragland , who is based in Washington D.C. "  Here is this kid who comes from Nigeria , he was taunted and teased for his diseases , and he comes to this country and excels , despite so many surgeries . It is a testament of not letting anything get in the way . " Sen. Carl Levin , a Michigan Democrat , sponsored the bill , S. 285 . The measure passed the Senate in the summer and the House last week "  Already , his example has enriched Michigan and our nation , but I know that his contributions to our country are only beginning , " Levin said in a statement . The number of illegal immigrants in the United States was estimated at 11.5 million last year . If Obama signs the bill , the State Department will reduce by one the number of immigrant visas available to Nigerians . That signature , Chukwueke says , will be his favorite holiday gift .	Victor Chukwueke 's visa expires after he comes to the U.S. for treatment of tumors Michigan senator introduces a private bill to grant him a green card Bill comes after he 's admitted to a medical school that requires students to have a green card In a rare act , Congress passes the bill last week
Prosecutors say he believed he had a duty to kill as many soldiers as possible . His lawyers say he is trying to help the prosecution put him to death . For his part , Army Maj. Nidal Hasan has said little during his death penalty trial , other than to say he was the shooter in the Fort Hood , Texas , rampage that left 13 people dead . With the prosecution expected to rest this week , the big question is whether the Army psychiatrist will take the stand , perhaps more eager to prove he is a martyr than to avoid a death sentence . Hasan is acting as his own attorney at his court-martial , defending himself against 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder in connection with the November 5 , 2009 , attack . Hasan left no doubt about his role , telling a panel of 13 officers during a brief opening statement : "  The evidence will clearly show that I am the shooter . " "  The evidence presented with this trial will show one side . The evidence will also show that I was on the wrong side . I then switched sides , " he said . He 's also left little question about why he did it , repeatedly saying before the trial started that he was acting to protect Taliban leaders in Afghanistan from the U.S. military . "  We mujahedeen are trying to establish the perfect religion , " he told the panel last week . But , Hasan added , "  I apologize for the mistakes I made in this endeavor . " Hasan , 42 , has previously indicated that he intends to call himself and two witnesses to the stand . If he testifies , Hasan is expected to discuss religious justification for his actions . "  He is trying to become a martyr , trying to be executed for his crime , " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin has said of Hasan 's defense strategy , adding that it amounted to a "  form of suicide by judge . " Hasan refused to enter a plea at the outset of the court-martial after a judge barred him from pleading guilty . Under military law , defendants can not enter guilty pleas in capital punishment cases . Last week , Hasan released a portion of his mental health evaluation to The New York Times that revealed he believes that being put to death would allow him to become a martyr . "  I 'm paraplegic and could be in jail for the rest of my life . However , if I died by lethal injection I would still be a martyr , " Hasan told a military panel evaluating whether he was fit to stand trial , according to documents published by the Times . Hasan has been confined to a wheelchair since being shot by Fort Hood police . He is paralyzed from the chest down . The release of the documents , coupled with Hasan 's lack of an appearance of a defense , prompted military attorneys ordered to act as his stand-by counsel to demand they be allowed to drop off of the case . The attorneys said they believe Hasan is trying to help the prosecution obtain a death sentence . The judge , Col. Tara Osborn , refused to grant the request , and the defense attorneys have since appealed her ruling . "  We believe your order is causing us to violate our professional ethics . It 's morally repugnant to us as defense counsel , " Lt. Col. Kris Poppe , head of Hasan 's legal team , told the judge . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , Hasan was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . But he had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military , saying he had been taunted by people after the September 11 terror attacks . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " going so far as to give academic presentations in defense of suicide bombings . Hasan , who was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan , did not want to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " said lead prosecutor Col. Michael Mulligan . Investigations following the shooting rampage found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S. born cleric who officials say became a key member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . He was killed in U.S. drone strike in 2011 . The prosecution has sought to enter the communications with al-Awlaki into evidence as well as materials about Hasan 's alleged interest in the action of Army Sgt. Hasan Akbar , a U.S. soldier who was sentenced to death for killing two soldiers in a grenade attack in Kuwait at the start of the invasion of Iraq . While the judge deferred a decision on the requests , she has ruled that prosecutors may use evidence of Hasan 's Internet searches on jihad and the Taliban in the days and hours before the attack . Fort Hood victims : Sons , a daughter , a mother-to-be Hasan has listened impassively as survivors and investigators have testified , painting a horrific picture of what unfolded during the shooting inside the Soldier Readiness Processing Center as soldiers and civilians prepared to leave for Afghanistan and Iraq . Dozens of witnesses , primarily soldiers , testified that Hasan specifically targeted uniformed personnel . Army Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford , the first survivor to take the stand , recounted how the gunman rose from a chair in the processing center , shouted "  Allahu Akbar " -- Arabic for God is great , pulled out a pistol and began shooting . "  It was a state of panic , " Lunsford said . As Lunsford was checking behind him , "  Major Hasan is turning the weapon on me , " he said . "  He has a laser on his weapon and it goes across my line of sight and I blink . In that time , he discharges his weapon . The first round , I 'm hit in the head . " A second shot caught Lunsford in the back . He decided to play dead for a while before changing his mind and deciding to run for the door . He made it out of the building but was shot five more times outside , he testified . Capt. Dorothy Ellen Carskadon , who was her final checkup ahead of her deployment , testified that she initially believed the shooting was part of a military exercise . Then he heard Pvt. Francheska Velez screaming , "  my baby , my baby " as she cradled her stomach . She crawled to the pregnant Velez and tried to comfort her , telling the 21-year-old private that it would be OK and that the training exercise would end soon . Velez and her unborn baby died in the attack . Carskadon told the court she suffered four gunshot wounds : one that grazed her head ; another through her right hip ; a third lodged in her right leg ; and a fourth in the abdomen . Chief Warrant Officer Christopher Royal , 41 , stared down at Hasan from the stand , where he testified how he charged the gunman to try to stop him and how Hasan shot him . Days before he took the stand , Royal told CNN that he had forgiven Hasan . "  I ca n't hold that grudge , " Royal said . "  It 's just too much . I wo n't allow him to consume any more energy for my life than he has already done , and so I have released him . "  I have forgiven him completely , " he said . "  It 's not up to me to punish him . His punishment will come . "	Maj. Nidal Hasan is charged with 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder Hasan admitted in court he was the Fort Hood shooter He tried to plead guilty to the charges , but was barred from doing so under military law "  If I died by lethal injection I would still be a martyr , " he said in a mental health evaluation
CNN  -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker on Thursday warned 14 absent lawmakers trying to stall his controversial budget bill to return to the state Capitol immediately to vote on the measure , or layoff notices will be sent to 1,500 public employees before the weekend . "  Unfortunately , if we do n't have action by tomorrow we have a legal and moral obligation to start forewarning people , " Walker said a Thursday night press conference . The layoffs would take effect April 1 , the governor said . Walker 's threat to start laying off workers capped the third week of a high-stakes drama playing out in Wisconsin . Meanwhile , a Dane County judge on Thursday issued an order barring demonstrators from the state Capitol after business hours . During protests , some demonstrators have been sleeping inside the building . The order from Wisconsin Circuit Court Judge John Albert gave the state Department of Administration the authority to forcibly remove anyone who refuses . Most of the protesters remaining at the Capitol Thursday evening appeared to abide by the judge 's order . Some initially balked at the demand they leave the Capitol by the building 's regular 6 p.m. closing time . However , a long line of demonstrators later filed out of the building chanting slogans , carrying bedrolls and banging homemade plastic drums . Concerns about safety risks arising from the nonstop presence of demonstrators at the Capitol were heightened Thursday with the discovery of 41 rounds of hollow-point rifle ammunition found outside the building . Police continued their search for more ammunition , and the person to which it belongs , amid a contentious budget showdown over a measure that would -- among other things -- curb the collective bargaining rights of most state workers . Walker has repeatedly said the collective bargaining provisions of his bill are not negotiable . The governor showed little sign of backing down from that stance Thursday night . Instead , Walker repeatedly said he was "  frustrated " by the intransigence of the 14 Democratic senators trying to stymie the bill by not showing up to vote . He blamed a core group of "  extreme " dissenters for standing in the way of compromise . "  What 's probably the most frustrating is I keep getting the sense that many of these responsible senators are seeking a pathway home , however some of the more extreme members of that caucus are putting up a barrier to them , " Walker said . Walker refused to name any of the senators he believes are blocking negotiations . The governor said he and Republican House Speaker Jeff Fitzgerald have been trying to negotiate with some Democrats . Walker refused to talk about what "  specifics are on the table . " Weeks of demonstrations in protest of Gov. Scott Walker 's proposal have drawn massive crowds to the state legislature since mid-February , contributing to $ 6.5 million in damages and other costs , state Administration Secretary Mike Huebsch said during a hearing Thursday . The hearing examined the question of public access to the building . Meanwhile , the state Senate approved a resolution that would hold absentee Democratic lawmakers "  in contempt of the Senate " should they not return to the Capitol by late afternoon . The missing lawmakers -- who left February 17 -- had still not returned by Thursday night . The contempt measure allows state law enforcement to detain and return the 14 Senate Democrats to Wisconsin , according to Senate Majority Leader spokesman Andrew Welhouse . Walker said he would prefer that the absent senators return of their own accord . "  I personally am going to ... try and compel these senators to come back in terms of making an offer , " Walker said . The lawmakers fled to Illinois to prevent a quorum for voting on the state 's budget repair bill , which would limit collective bargaining to wages and require public workers , with the exception of police and firefighters , to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums . But whether the contempt measure is constitutional remains unclear . The state Constitution prohibits the arrest of lawmakers while the legislature is in session , except for "  treason , felony and breach of the peace . " Whether Wisconsin law enforcement would be permitted jurisdiction in Illinois to detain the missing Democrats is also unclear . The stalemate has proven increasingly contentious in recent days as Senate lawmakers adopted a resolution on Wednesday that would fine absentee lawmakers $ 100 every day they remain missing . A similar resolution passed a day later in Indiana , where House Republicans imposed a $ 250-a-day fine against AWOL Democrats who -- like their Wisconsin counterparts -- fled to Illinois in protest of a labor bill . In Wisconsin , Republicans need a single Democrat to cross party lines and rejoin the 33-member legislature to meet the quorum of 20 lawmakers required in a vote on state fiscal matters . Only 17 lawmakers are required for most other issues . Union leaders have agreed to pay more for benefits , but view restricting bargaining rights as an assault on workers ' rights . Gov. Walker took to the airwaves Wednesday in support of his belt-tightening measure . "  Every day we fail to act on this just adds more and more to the cost , " he told reporters , defending the curtailing of collective bargaining as an integral part of fiscal reform . Wisconsin is confronted with a looming $ 137 million shortfall at the end of the fiscal year , June 30 . The state faces a $ 3.6 billion budget gap by 2013 . CNN 's Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report	NEW : Wisconsin governor threatens to lay off 1,500 workers if senators do n't return home NEW : Judge rules that demonstrators can no longer sleep inside Capitol building At least 41 rounds of .22 - caliber ammunition have been found outside the Capitol The state Senate approves a resolution allowing police to detain missing Democrats
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- For the second day in a row , a hardline Islamist politician escaped an assassination attempt in northwest Pakistan . Fazal Ur Rehman , the head of Jamiat-e-Ulama-e-Islam , was headed to a rally in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province when a man walked up to his convoy and blew himself up , authorities said . The bast killed 12 people , including three policemen and two women , said Nisar Murrawat , the police chief of the Charsadda district where the attack took place . It also wounded 16 others , but Rehman said he was unharmed . Charsadda is 25 kilometers northeast of Peshawar , the capital of the province . A day earlier , 10 people , including two policemen , were killed when a suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up at another political rally where Rehman was scheduled to speak . Rehman said he has not received any threats nor does he know who is targeting him . Moulana Amjad Khan , a party spokesman , said the Thursday rally was the last in a series to protest against un-Islamic laws in the country , the influence of the United States and drone strikes . Jamiat-e-Ulama-e-Islam was a former coalition partner of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party . Security forces have been battling an insurgency led by the Pakistani Taliban in the province , formerly known as the North West Frontier Province .	Rehman was headed to a rally when a man blew himself up near the lawmaker 's convoy The blast kills 12 and wounds 16 Rehman says he does not know who is targeting him He was also the target of another suicide attack on Wednesday
Two sources inside Mitt Romney 's inner circle tell CNN that while Romney is n't planning a presidential bid , he 's listening to a lot of people who want him to get in the race -- although he remains skeptical himself . "  A lot of people in Romneyland are rooting for him to get in , " says one source . "  He 's not one of them . " Another source close to Romney puts it this way : "  I would n't bet on it , but I would n't bet either . " The key , these sources say , is that Romney wants to see a Republican candidate who can win the White House . So there 's a willingness to wait to see who will run for the GOP nomination . While these sources say that , as of today , it 's not likely Romney would run , it ca n't be ruled out entirely -- and if the early seeding were to produce a weak field , Romney might be in a position to be a late entrant . But as one ally points out , this is all "  in the realm of the truly hypothetical , " and still remains "  very unlikely . " Even so , Romney allies are now indulging in the hypothetical . "  If Romney were to run , " one source says , "  he would be the last guy in the race . " Several sources have said if Jeb Bush and Chris Christie are running , Romney would be less likely to enter the race . One source adds that Romney is telling people that "  he wants to see someone run who can beat Hillary Clinton . He believes the world has become a very dangerous place . " There are differences among those close to Romney about who could best beat Clinton . Romney , according to one of the sources , thinks Bush would be a winnable candidate . Others in Romneyworld disagree , saying he is too tied to Wall Street and is too rusty . Christie is another candidate who could have some appeal to Romney supporters , although to varying degrees . One former adviser says the Romney boomlet is " a byproduct of everybody else notdoing a great job " of starting their campaigns . He says if Jeb Bush were to decline a run , that would probably increase Romney 's chances of running "  by about 20 percent , " but he still says it 's a longshot Related : How many ways can Romney say "  no " to 2016 ? On the road again ? One big question is Romney 's wife , Ann , who will be the key to any decision . She said "  never again " after the last run . "  I am over it , " she told CNN in June 2013 . "  It 's still hard to watch things and watch the news and feel like you wish you were there , but you move on . " Related : Mitt and Ann Romney open up to CNN Ann Romney was a reluctant warrior on the second presidential bid in 2012 . But lately , she 's been more publicly cagey about it , telling Neil Cavuto on Fox , "  We will see , wo n't we ? " Romney himself has also been less definitive about his future -- clearly enjoying this spate of redemption , popularity and relevancy as a campaign surrogate . Big GOP donors have not ruled out the Romney third-time-is-a-charm scenario , but they 're mostly not engaging right now . "  They will start committing after the midterms , as that 's when the early train begins , " says one 2012 Romney financial supporter . He also added , however , that Christie now has the largest advantage "  given his relationships with key donors in the Northeast . " There is some benefit , this financial supporter says , to having a candidate who has been vetted multiple times . The downside , he adds , is putting the family through it again . In the year after their presidential loss , Mitt and Ann Romney were not shy about saying their time has come and gone for a presidential bid , after losing twice . "  It 's not my time , " Romney told me in June 2013 . "  I did n't win . It 's time for someone else to get in there and give it their best shot . " Romney on 2016 : It 's time for someone else Although , in that same interview , Romney spoke of the experience of running as a "  thrill . " "  And frankly I 'd do it again , but -- but it 's not my time , " he said then . That was one year ago . Out of the limelight Since ending his 2012 campaign , Romney has mostly stayed out of the limelight . He has hosted an annual conference of policy and political leaders and donors in Park City , Utah , to discuss some of the nation 's problems and talk about solutions . This year , he has appeared at a number of fund-raisers and public events for candidates , proving to be one of the Republican Party 's most popular surrogates -- and fiercest critics of President Barack Obama 's foreign and defense policies . He wrote a Washington Post op-ed earlier this month arguing against defense budget cuts , saying policy makers " ... will choose whether to succumb to the easy path of continued military hollowing or to honor their constitutional pledge to protect the United States . " On Monday , he appeared at a rally for GOP candidates in Colorado , focusing his criticism on the President 's remarks on "  60 Minutes " that the nation 's intelligence community had underestimated ISIS . "  For the President to say , ` Gee , we underestimated ISIS ' suggests he was n't looking at the kinds of ideas that were being brought to him , " he told the audience , explaining that ideas about how to deal with the terrorist group were brought to him as early as January . "  I guess he was busy doing other things -- vacations , golf , fund-raising . He just has n't done the job he promised to do . " Besides the Colorado event and a fund-raiser for Virginia House candidate Barbara Comstock Tuesday , Romney appeared this month at a birthday event for Christie , who some Romney supporters criticized for being too close to Obama during the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy in 2012 . Romney will be stepping up his surrogacy work as the campaign heads into the home stretch , with part of his itinerary taking him to some of the key battlegrounds for control of the Senate . On Wednesday , he goes to a fundraiser for Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal ; on Thursday , he 'll stump with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and also attend a rally with Michigan GOP candidates . Friday , Romney travels to Louisiana for Senate nominee Rep. Bill Cassidy , and later goes to Utah for House candidate Mia Love . The Romneys also spend a lot of time with their 22 grandchildren . They told the New York Times ' Mark Leibovich in an upcoming article they are scaling down . They 're selling their Massachusetts townhouse and are considering doing the same with their seaside home in La Jolla , California -- which sparked some negative press when word leaked they wanted to add a car elevator there -- and will make their home in Utah , where one of their sons lives . 3 reasons Mitt Romney will run in 2016  and 4 reasons he wo n't	Romney advisers have tried to interest him in another run for the White House If he were to run , it would only be if he feared a Republican would n't win Chris Christie and Jeb Bush are among the Republicans he most wants to see run
CNN  -- The night that ended with Cherish Perrywinkle 's disappearance started with a generous offer at the dollar store . Investigators said a man met the 8-year-old 's mother at a Dollar General in Jacksonville , Florida , Friday evening . He told her that the family looked like they were down on their luck and that he wanted to take them to Walmart and buy them new clothes . Hours later , the mom called 911 . Her daughter was missing . The mother and her three children had spent hours shopping at Walmart with the man when he offered to buy hamburgers at the store 's McDonald 's , according to Michael Williams , director of investigations and homeland security for the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office . The man set off toward the front of the store with Cherish . That , Williams told reporters , is when something went horribly wrong . "  They walked to the front of the Walmart toward the McDonald 's . They did not stop at the McDonald 's , " he said . "  They walked outside , got in his van and left . " On Saturday morning , investigators found Cherish 's lifeless body in a wooded area near a church 4 miles away . Authorities accuse the man who offered to buy her family clothes at Walmart , Donald James Smith , with kidnapping and killing her . He was arrested Saturday morning after an officer spotted his van driving on a local highway . Suspect appears in court Smith , 56 , pleaded not guilty when he appeared in court on Sunday , CNN affiliate WAWS reported . He is being held without bond . It was not immediately clear whether Smith has a lawyer . Smith is a registered sex offender who was released from custody less than a month ago , Williams said . Authorities from the sheriff 's office had just made contact with him to verify his address on Friday morning . According to the Florida Department of Corrections , Smith has a lengthy criminal record that includes crimes involving children . He was most recently convicted of impersonating a public employee and aggravated child abuse by willful torture . Court records show he was sentenced to a year in the county jail and was released on May 31 . Investigators have not released information about how Cherish died or what they believe Smith was doing from the point of the abduction until his arrest . Her mother , Rayne Perrywinkle , has n't spoken publicly about what happened Friday night , and she declined to discuss the case with WAWS on Sunday . Cherish 's father , Billy James Jarreau , issued a statement Saturday through his attorney thanking law enforcement for their investigation and the public for their condolences . "  Mr. Jarreau hopes that his daughter 's death sheds light on the dangers of allowing dangerous pedophiles to remain in our community , " said the statement from attorney Gerald Wilkerson . Williams told reporters that investigators had used all the resources they could to find the child . He said the tragic case offered a sobering reminder . "  Pay attention to your surroundings , " he said . "  Pay attention to who you meet , who you give access to your children . " A devastated community A makeshift memorial of flowers , balloons , cards and stuffed animals has piled up in front of the church near the area where Cherish was found over the weekend , WAWS reported . Devastated friends left hand-written notes . Kendall Cabanda , an elementary school classmate , cried as she told WAWS about how much fun she had riding the bus with Cherish . "  We talked about stuff like TV shows , like girly things about dolls and fairies , " Cabanda said , "  about stuff that is imaginary . " On Sunday , hundreds attended a candlelight vigil to honor Cherish , whom friends described as a vibrant girl who liked to play dress up and loved to sing . At the vigil , her 5-year-old sister sang "  Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star " for her .	Donald James Smith has pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and murder charges Smith had promised to buy the girl 's family clothes and hamburgers , a sheriff 's official says Cherish Lilly Perrywinkle 's mother reported that she was missing from a Walmart
San Francisco  CNN  -- Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was flying far slower than recommended as it approached San Francisco International Airport just before its crash landing on Saturday , the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said Monday . The Boeing 777 was traveling at approximately 106 knots  122 mph  upon impact and at about 118 knots  136 mph  16 seconds before impact at an altitude of about 200 feet ; the recommended speed upon approach to the runway threshold is 137 knots  157 mph  , Deborah Hersman told reporters . The onboard systems warned the crew the plane was about to stall four seconds before the crash , she said . That warning comes in the form of a "  stick-shaker , " said Arthur Rosenberg , a pilot , engineer and partner with the New York-based law firm Soberman & Rosenberg , which specializes in litigation stemming from plane crashes . "  It 's basically saying , ` Hey idiot , wake up and do something ... Now ! " That something typically is to lower the nose of the plane and apply power , he said . The plane was already close to the ground and could n't be lowered much further . But the crew apparently boosted the power to the engines , which were increasing from 50 % capacity three seconds before impact , according to Hersman . One-and-a-half seconds before impact , the crew called for a "  go-around , " meaning that they wanted to abort the landing and go around in the air to try to make another landing , she said . But they did n't make it . "  There just was n't enough room to recover , " Rosenberg said . Investigators have found a path of wreckage that started at the seawall and continued to the main wreckage site hundreds of feet up the runway , Hersman added . The pavement itself was scarred from contact with the landing gear , the engines and the fuselage , Hersman said . The tail 's lower portion was in the rocks at the seawall and "  a significant piece of the tail " was in the water , she said . Additional aircraft parts were visible at low tide . On the path that leads along the pavement away from the seawall were horizontal stabilizers , a vertical stabilizer and an upper portion of the tail cone , she said . The air-traffic control team found no evidence on voice communications of any distress calls before the accident , she said . But investigators have found that the pilots had the appropriate charts for the airport and approach in place in the cockpit , she added . The NTSB was working to find out what the four pilots had done during the 72 hours before the crash in an attempt to determine whether fatigue or sickness may have played a role , she said . A preliminary review of FAA radar data indicates that there was "  no abnormally steep descent curve that 's been detected " in the landing approach of the jet , she said , reacting to media reports citing a steeper descent . And a preliminary review of the engines indicates that both engines were producing power when the plane crashed , she said . Investigators were focusing on the crew and aircraft as they try to learn why the giant jet clipped the end of runway before crashing , she had said earlier in the day . "  We 're certainly looking at the crew and how they operated , how they were trained , at their experience , " Hersman told CNN 's New Day . "  We 're also looking at the aircraft . We 're looking to see if the crew was using automation or was flying on autopilot , or they were hand-flying the airplane , " she said . Boeing 777s can land automatically , but it was unclear if the plane 's computer was handling Saturday 's attempted landing or if it was being done by the pilot , who Asiana said was making his first San Francisco landing at the controls of that model of aircraft . The flight , with 307 people on board , originated in Shanghai , China , and stopped in Seoul , South Korea . It was preparing to land Saturday in San Francisco when the rear of the plane struck the edge of the runway , severing the tail . Most passengers were able to escape before the plane erupted in smoke and flames . The fatalities , teenagers Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia , were among 35 Chinese students headed to California to attend West Valley Christian School 's summer church camp , the school said on its website . Both of the girls had been seated in the rear of the plane , which suffered significant structural damage , Hersman said . Investigators said they were looking into reports that one of the girls may have been run over by an emergency vehicle . "  We are still looking at this issue , " she said . "  The coroner has not yet determined the cause of death and so we want to make sure we have all the facts before we reach any conclusions . " Chinese netizens mourn Asiana crash victims Pilot 's flight record Lee Kang-kuk , the pilot who was in the captain 's seat of Flight 214 , had flown from Seoul to San Francisco several times between 1999 and 2004 , the airline said . But Saturday marked his first time landing a Boeing 777 at San Francisco International Airport and was the ninth time he had flown the model , with 43 hours at the controls , the airline said . He has about 10,000 hours as a pilot , Asiana said . Hersman , who has discouraged speculation about whether the crew bore responsibility for the crash , downplayed the significance of the pilot 's experience in her New Day interview . "  It 's not unusual for crew to change aircraft types , " she said . And with air crews flying all around the world , it 's not unusual for pilots to fly into unfamiliar airports for the first time either . She said it 's important for the two pilots in charge of the aircraft during the "  very risky " landing phase to work closely together , and while she said investigators have no evidence of cockpit communications problems , it 's something investigators will be looking at . Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation , said video and other data related to the crash suggest the crew "  lost situational awareness " while approaching the airport . ` Oh , Lord have mercy ' : Witness captures fatal jet crash "  They 're low and slow , and that 's a problem , " Schiavo said . All four pilots have been interviewed by NTSB and South Korean investigators , said Choi Jeong-ho , the head of South Korea 's Aviation Policy Bureau . "  We can not reveal what 's been said as it is an ongoing investigation , " Choi said . The pilots represented two teams -- a crew and a relief crew , said Hersman . "  I think it really is too early to conclude pilot error , because there is so much that we do n't know , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . The cockpit voice recorder -- which has been flown to Washington for analysis -- contains conversations between the pilots that were carried out in a combination of English and Korean , she said . Hersman said that in most airplane crashes , investigators rarely find a single explanation for what went wrong . "  In most of our investigations , we find that it 's not just one thing , it really is a combination of factors that lead to an accident , " she said . While weather has been ruled out as a factor , other factors officials are investigating include whether construction at the airport may have played a role , Hersman said Sunday . Work to extend a runway safety area required the temporary shutdown of a system designed to help pilots land planes safely , she said . What we know and do n't know Clues from voice recorder The pilots apparently tried to speed up seven seconds before the crash , cockpit voice and flight data recorders showed . A stall warning sounded three seconds later , telling the pilots the plane was about to lose its ability to stay in the air . Then -- just 1.5 seconds before the plane slammed into the runway -- the crew decided to call off the landing and try to pull up for another try , Hersman said . It was too late . Moments before crash , passengers knew they were too low The frightening crash With no warning from the cockpit , survivors said , the plane 's rear struck the sea wall at the end of the runway . The impact severed the plane 's tail and sent the rest of the body spinning on its belly . Amateur video obtained exclusively by CNN shows the plane crashing and spinning counterclockwise and coming to a stop . In addition to the two deaths , 182 people were hospitalized with injuries ranging from severe scrapes to paralysis . "  We 're lucky there has n't been a greater loss of life , " San Francisco Fire Chief Joanne Hayes-White said . Some injured passengers remained hospitalized Monday , including six in critical condition at San Francisco General Hospital , said Dr. Margaret Knudson , the hospital 's chief of surgery . About half of those admitted to the hospital had spinal fractures , she said . Others have head trauma . "  Their recovery could be months and months and maybe not even to full recovery , " she said . Many of the injured said they were sitting toward the rear of the aircraft , Knudson said . But 123 of the 307 people on board walked away uninjured . Benjamin Levy was among them . "  Honestly , I was waiting for the plane to ... start flipping upside down , in which case I think a lot of people would have not made it , " Levy said . "  If we flipped , none of us would be here to talk about it , " he said . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta ; Mike Ahlers reported from San Francisco ; CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Dan Simon , Dana Ford , Thom Patterson and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	NEW : "  Too early to conclude pilot error , " NTSB chief says The agency is also looking to see if the plane 's computer was handling landing Saturday marked the pilot 's first time landing a Boeing 777 at the San Francisco airport
CNN  -- A $ 10 million payout is not bad for four days ' work . That 's the potential prize on offer for one lucky golfer at the East Lake Golf Club course in Atlanta , Georgia in the final leg of the FedEx Cup . After three grueling back-to-back playoff events -- the Barclays , the Deutsche Bank Championship and the BMW Championship -- 125 starters have been whittled down to a select few . Just 29 now remain -- 30th-ranked Dustin Johnson is on a leave of absence -- going into Thursday 's Tour Championship , but only one can hit the jackpot . "  Retirement would happen a lot quicker if I win the FedEx Cup , " Masters champion Bubba Watson told the PGA Tour 's official website . Watson is one of just five men -- Chris Kirk , Billy Horschel , Rory McIlroy and Hunter Mahan are the others -- who are in control of their own destiny . That elite quintet have earned their stripes after earning enough points in the earlier stages of the FedEx Cup , as well as over the whole of the 2014 PGA Tour season . Due to the way the competition is structured , victory Sunday for one of the five would secure them the $ 1.44 million Tour Championship as well as the FedEx Cup , which brings with it that elusive $ 10 million jackpot , as Henrik Stenson managed to do last year . That victory was made all the more sweeter for the Swede given that he 'd reportedly lost several million dollars in Allen Stanford 's $ 7 billion Ponzi scheme , which was uncovered in 2009 . A slip-up in Atalanta , meanwhile , will not discount them from golf 's biggest prize completely , but they will be relying on their overall points tally for the season to ultimately prove superior to any of their rivals Earning $ 3 million for a second-placed finish or $ 2 million for third would not be the end of the world , either . "  We 're trying to challenge ourselves , and this is what we have to play , this is what we have to do if we want to improve on the FedEx Cup or win a golf tournament , " Watson adds . "  We have to play well . " The rest of the field , however , will be left sweating on the performances of others even if they become the latest name to be inscribed on the Tour Championship trophy . While sixth-ranked Jimmy Walker -- 1,100 points off leader Kirk -- could well come out on top with a win or even a second-place finish , 29th-ranked Gary Woodland -- 2,280 points behind Kirk -- would need something of a minor miracle . Americans Mahan , Kirk and Horschel go into Thursday 's opening round with confidence off the back of their respective Barclays , Deutsche Bank Championship and BMW Championship wins . Likewise Rory McIlroy is still basking in his summer of success which brought with it the British Open and U.S. PGA Championship , as well as the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational , in the space of four weeks . The world No. 1 's best finish in the playoffs was a tie for fifth two weeks ago in Boston . It has been a relentless summer , not just for the Northern Irishman , but for all involved in the world of golf -- 13 weeks have passed since the U.S. Open began on June 12 , and in that time three majors , a World Golf Championships event and three of the four FedEx Cup playoffs have all come and gone . Of the field in Atlanta , Patrick Reed has teed up the most often in that period , starting 11 times . This year 's Ryder Cup , starting on September 26 , has meant the FedEx Cup playoffs have had to take place back-to-back straight after the PGA Championship -- a schedule the U.S. tour 's commissioner Tim Finchem admits has been something of a mistake . "  Four in a row does n't really work , " Finchem told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  So we understand that . We did n't like it this year . We 're not going to do it going forward . So that 's that . " But Watson , who topped the U.S. Ryder Cup qualification standings , professes to being unconcerned about the lack of a bye week in the playoffs schedule this year . "  It 's just something that we have to deal with . Think about it ; the money they are putting up , the money we are playing for , the retirement dollars , you make it work , " he told reporters . "  You 'll figure out a way to show up on the tee . "	Twenty-nine competitors will battle it out for the FedEx Cup this week The Tour Championship leg of the playoffs takes place at the East Lake Golf Club A prize fund of $ 10 million is on offer for the winner of the playoffs The fourth and final tournament also offers its own $ 1.44 million prize
CNN  -- In spite of heightened security due to a terror threat on the 10th anniversary of the September 11th , 2001 , terrorist attacks , a South Carolina man was apparently able to sneak a stun gun into a professional football game and fired it into the crowd , police said Tuesday . Leroy T. McKelvey , 59 , allegedly used the gun on three men in an upperdeck scuffle at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford , New Jersey , during a Sunday match-up between the New York Jets and Dallas Cowboys , according to New Jersey Police Sgt. Julian Castellanos . The three men suffered minor injuries , he said . McKelvey was charged with three counts of aggravated assault , possession of a stun gun and possession of a weapon for unlawful purposes . He was taken to Bergen County Jail and later released on $ 22,500 bail . McKelvey could not immediately be reached for comment . When asked about the security breach , National Football League spokesman Brian McCarthy said the league is "  always refining and improving our security procedures . " "  These procedures have been successful in keeping items that can cause serious injuries out of our stadiums , " he said in a statement . "  We will continue to be vigilant in protecting the safety of our fans . " Mark Lamping , the chief executive of MetLife Stadium , said the stun gun involved in the incident was the size of a small cell phone . "  Procedures for pat downs established by the NFL and used at every game were in effect at all entry gates , " he said in a statement . A video posted on YouTube apparently captures the immediate aftermath of the alleged attack , showing several Cowboys fans surrounding at least one person who is laying near the base of one of the stadium 's seats . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the video .	NEW : Procedures for pat downs were in effect , stadium official says Three men were hurt in an upperdeck scuffle at MetLife Stadium Police say Leroy T. McKelvey was able to sneak a stun gun into the stadium Video posted on YouTube apparently captures the aftermath of the alleged attack
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho revealed that he will take time to learn about Real Madrid before deciding to make any major changes , as he was unveiled as the Spanish club 's new coach on Monday . The 47-year-old has signed a four-year contract just two weeks after leading Inter Milan to success in the European Champions League final , sealing an unprecedented treble for the Italian club in his second season at the San Siro . Real paid a reported $ 10 million compensation to Inter to secure his services after ending Chilean coach Manuel Pellegrini 's only season in charge , which ended without a trophy despite a massive spending spree on the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka . Mourinho , who spoke in Spanish , English and his native Portuguese to the assembled media throng , said it was too early to predict wholesale changes to the star-studded squad . "  I believe it 's time to analyze the situation , to get to know my club , ask lots of questions and get answers , " he said . "  I need to realize the direction of my work . The most important thing is not the coach or the players but the club . We are too small compared to the dimension of the club . "  If we work as a group , it 's not difficult to get results . I want this group to have an identity , to win everything . The strength of my team is always the team and not the individuals . "  The club is happy with the roster of last season and so am I . We do n't need major changes . "  We need three or four players for the coach to have more possibilities to get closer to my ideal of a team . But I do n't think it 's going to be a summer with a lot of changes . I think it will be a more calm summer with all the focus on the World Cup . " Mourinho said he was confident of a successful relationship with compatriot Ronaldo , the world 's most expensive player following his $ 130 million transfer from Manchester United in July . "  Cristiano Ronaldo is an incredible player not only for Real but for the whole of football . Cristiano is a winner and it 's not difficult to persuade him of this , " he said . "  I do n't know if I was born to coach Real Madrid , but I was born to be a football coach . I love important challenges . "  I am Jose Mourinho and I do n't change . I arrive with all my qualities and my defects . My attraction to Real Madrid is due to its history , its frustrations in recent years and its expectations to win . "  It 's a unique club and I believe that not to coach Real leaves a void in a coach 's career . " Mourinho , who has now twice won Europe 's premier club competition , said he was confident of completing his tenure at the Santiago Bernabeu , where 10 managers have departed in the past 10 seasons . "  I think a coach needs to be ready to be sacked . But if a coach fears that , he does n't work well and has great problems , " he said . "  I am a coach that has a lot of self-esteem and confidence , and I do n't think about the possibility of being sacked . I think four years of contract is enough to win , to build a strong team for the present and the future . "  The sacking of Pellegrini does n't make me happy . I am never happy when a coach is sacked . But football is like that . "  I have a lot of confidence in my players , I have the hope that my new players have confidence in me . "	Jose Mourinho unveiled as Real Madrid 's new coach , signing a four-year contract Spanish club paid reported $ 10 million to secure his release from Inter Milan Mourinho says he will take his time before deciding whether to make major changes The 47-year-old will focus on forging team spirit rather than rely on individual talents
CNN  In response to reports of big banks threatening to withhold campaign funds from Senate Democrats , Sen. Elizabeth Warren last week offered a defiant response : "  Bring it on . " Warren said she is n't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in Wall Street . As Hillary Clinton prepares to officially launch her presidential campaign this month , she will need to make a choice about how much to highlight issues relating to economic inequality . Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who is also running for the Democratic nomination , is trying to steal Clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth . In other words , there are many signs that Democrats are planning to take on the big issue of economic inequality . But in other recent news , the likelihood that New York 's Chuck Schumer will replace Harry Reid as leader of the Senate Democrats means the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality . While Schumer has been a very effective Democrat and skilled legislative leader , he is also a Wall Street Democrat who has spent much of his time courting and protecting powerful financial interests who run one of the dominant industries in his state . He is not alone . Even at his most progressive moments , President Barack Obama relied on Wall Street donations for both of his campaigns . Despite all the talk from conservatives about left-wing "  socialism " in the White House , the financial community has been willing to open its coffers to Democrats without much concern , even in the 2012 election . Democratic populism ca n't really work within the current campaign finance system . The enormous pressures for parties to raise funds in campaigns has for many decades created pressure on Democrats , despite their political base , to court big donors . During the 1980s , California Democrat Tony Coelho , serving as the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and then as majority whip , made a strong appeal to savings and loans executives before the crash of the industry to catch up to Republicans who had been outflanking them in raising money . The Democrats were , and have continued to , losing their traditional base of campaign support -- organized labor -- which had been a central source of campaign muscle since the 1930s , providing money and campaign assistance during campaigns . Without organized labor to serve as their foundation and with the pressure for raising private funds increasing , many Democrats concluded they needed business by their side . Democrats running for president have made the same kind of choices . In 2008 , Obama disappointed many supporters upon becoming the first president to abandon the post-Watergate public finance system for campaigns altogether , preferring to raise money himself for the general campaign . While small donors were enormously important to his victories , so too were business and Wall Street executives . At the height of the financial crash , when public sentiment had clearly turned against Wall Street , the administration agreed to a financial regulation bill  Dodd-Frank  that was structured in such a way as to give powerful interests more than enough opportunity to limit the bite over the coming years . Wall Street , with an army of counsel , succeeded in eroding the impact of the legislation . Not only does the acceptance of our campaign finance system limit the policy choices Democrats can make , but it also greatly damages the party 's brand name . As The Washington Post reported , the scandal that might bring down New Jersey Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez is the first involving large scale super PAC donations . At the heart of the story is almost $ 600,000 that physician Salomon Melgen gave to Senate Majority PAC , possibly in exchange for favors . This is not simply some sort of accommodation of Democrats to the corporate system . They do n't have much of a choice . Without these funds , they wo n't be able to compete . In this election cycle , independent campaign donors are causing a huge stir . In conservative circles , the Koch brothers and their allies are throwing around enormous amounts of money to candidates who will support their deregulatory agenda . Individual donors such as Las Vegas gambling magnate Sheldon Adelson are causing ripples every time candidates speak , pressuring them to adjust their agenda . Democrats have found their own magnates for political support , such as Tom Steyer and George Soros . This is why campaign finance reform is so important , Without Congress changing the fundamental dynamics , there wo n't be much room for populism to thrive . Even if Democrats select someone like a Elizabeth Warren as their candidate or Hillary Clinton decides to move sharply to the left on economic policy , there wo n't be much room for reform when the time of governance actually starts . The Democratic Party needs Wall Street more than it needs to take a stand against Wall Street . Those are the facts on the ground . If Democrats really want to take on Wall Street and tackle economic inequality , they first have to bring about reform of the campaign finance system . If campaigns were publicly funded or there were more stringent limits on independent expenditures , Wall Street would have much more trouble achieving disproportionate influence . Reform could level the playing field . More often than not , campaign finance reform is an issue that gets sidetracked with little more than some pro forma words of support . A more populist economic agenda that revolved around progressive taxation and substantial public assistance to strengthen the middle class can only work in a different kind of political system . If things stay the same , Democrats can only continue to win elections by turning to their corporate and financial base of support .	Julian Zelizer : Elizabeth Warren was defiant about Wall Street , but Hillary Clinton likely wo n't be Zelizer : The Democrats need Wall Street 's campaign donations to be competitive in 2016
