CNN  -- Like gin and tonic without the lime , like Hendrix without the guitar , sushi would n't be sushi without Japanese soy sauce . You might pay scant attention to that funny bottle with the bright red cap , but for many , soy sauce is serious business , worthy even of a pilgrimage to its homeland of Yuasa . A 40-minute train ride from Wakayama City  about 100 kilometers south of Osaka  , the tiny town of Yuasa is the birthplace of the fermented condiment . It also happens to be a great place to revisit Japan 's historic Edo period  1603-1868  . More on CNN : The best sushi restaurants in Tokyo Here 's how the salty legend goes Some 750 years ago , a Japanese priest arrived in Yuasa after a trip to China , bringing with him a newfound skill for making miso  soybean paste  . Soy sauce was discovered accidentally -- a byproduct of the miso-making process . Yuasa soon became the country 's most important soy sauce brewing center . Despite being a town of just a thousand or so houses , at one time it was crammed with more than 90 soy sauce stores , almost one soy sauce shop for every 10 homes . Today , the entire city is protected by Japanese law -- its of 323 houses and other traditional buildings  four soy sauce breweries included  recognized for their immense cultural value . Called "  hongawara , " some of the oldest buildings date back more than 400 years . Many still have their traditional lattice windows and curved tile roofs . Generally tranquil , Yuasa is the kind of place where friendly residents chitchat with neighbors and museums and shops are often left open and unattended . Travelers can sign out free bikes or check out the historic area on foot . In addition to the old soy sauce breweries , there are shrines and other interesting pieces of architecture worth some Facebook bragging . More on CNN : 10 things that make Wakayama Japan 's best kept secret Salty attractions The Yuasa area is stocked with historic attractions . Founded in 1841 , Kadocho is one of the area 's oldest soy sauce factories . It still uses the same huge tub it always has to brew soy sauce . It also has an exhibition hall across the street with the original tools used to brew soy sauce . During Yuasa 's annual Andon  paper lantern  Festival , the streets of town are lighted with paper lanterns ; the Andon Gallery is an ode to the Japanese paper lantern . Formerly a public bathhouse dating to the Edo period , Jinburo has displays documenting life in ancient Yuasa . Renovated cafes in Edo-period machiya  traditional wooden houses  and a 113-year-old sushi restaurant , Nihonryori Yokogusu , offer visitors a way to check out the interiors of Yuasa 's old structures . More on CNN : How to eat sushi Getting there and around To get to Yuasa , take the JR Line to Yuasa station , 40 minutes from Wakayama City Station and 80 minutes from Osaka 's Kansai Airport . Yuasa 's main pedestrian zone is about a 15-minute walk from Yuasa JR station or five minutes by bike . Free loaner bikes and maps can be found at the information center across from the Yuasa train station , behind the taxi stop . Some museums and shops are closed on Sunday . Yuasa Information Center , 1077-6 Yuasa , Yuasa-cho ; +81 0737 63 4123 ; open daily , except December 29-January 3 ; 9 a.m.-5 p.m. . More on CNN : Kawagoe : The "  most Japanese " destination of all	A Japanese priest discovered Japanese soy sauce in Yuasa more than 750 years ago Historic Yuasa can be reached by train from Wakayama City Yuasa 's architecture dates to Edo-era Japan
CNN  -- Verizon pulled a rabbit out of its corporate hat earlier this month . The wireless giant announced a multibillion-dollar deal to purchase rights to largely unused spectrum , which is like an open lane on the congested wireless Internet highway . Verizon purchased these rights from Comcast and Time Warner , two large cable-TV companies , and the smaller Bright House Networks . Sound familiar ? AT&T made a similarly surprising move in March , declaring its intention to buy T-Mobile , in large part to get access to T-Mobile 's underused spectrum . The AT&T deal drew the wrath of the Justice Department and the FCC . Indeed , it appears the current incarnation of the AT&T proposed merger is dying a slow death . U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle agreed on Monday to a request from both sides to delay the merger hearing , and asked AT&T to supply information on whether it will pursue a different deal with T-Mobile . Does a similar fate await Verizon ? Ah , you say , there 's no real comparison . Unlike the proposed AT&T / T-Mobile merger , Verizon 's acquisition does n't involve taking millions of subscribers from a competitor , thereby increasing concentration in the wireless market . But the deals do have one big thing in common : In both , the primary objective is to cope with the looming scarcity of spectrum . For without more of it , neither carrier will be able to deliver on the promise of whizbang wireless services such as high definition movies any time , anywhere . To be sure , the problem here is not precisely a shortage of spectrum , but wasteful allocation of what 's usable with the latest technology . If Washington were so inclined , it could free up a ton of spectrum for more valuable uses . That includes spectrum warehoused by government : In many cases , the repositioning of equipment or the purchase of up-to-date equipment would allow tasks ranging from public safety communication to weather forecasting to be done as well with less . Not to mention spectrum assigned long ago to local TV stations for old-fashioned analogue broadcasting that is no longer needed since the switch to digital . The process would be pretty simple : Auction the spectrum to the highest bidders and then allow it to be traded like any other valuable resource . This is an old , but important , idea first suggested by Nobel economics laureate Ronald Coase back in 1959 . And it 's an idea that has taken on greater urgency in recent years , both because of the proliferation of spectrum-hungry wireless devices -- smartphones and tablets -- and because Washington desperately seeks revenue .  We 're talking tens of billions here .  But the politics of spectrum allocation remain gridlocked , as competing interests push and shove for preferred access , or just a claim on some of the cash from future spectrum auctions . So AT&T and Verizon , the No. 1 and 2 players in the American wireless market , have resorted to end-runs around the problem -- that is , buying spectrum from other carriers or merging to make more efficient use of the partners ' combined holdings . If the AT&T / T-Mobile combination survives the legal gantlet , it could , in theory , become the largest U.S. wireless provider , with as much as one-third of the market . But the emphasis here is on the word "  theory . " The merger might or might not reverse T-Mobile 's sinking fortunes , which is why its parent company , Deutsche Telekom , has signaled its intent to leave the U.S. market , no matter what the government decides about the merger . The upshot is that it 's far from self-evident that AT&T would remain first in subscribers for long in a post-merger market . Verizon 's 4G system , the holy grail of mobile excellence , is expected to be available to some 200 million Americans by the end of this year , compared with roughly 70 million for AT&T . Moreover , the proposed Verizon deal includes cross-marketing with the cable companies ' retail stores , yet another advantage in this most visible of consumer markets . But the merger seems to face implacable opposition from the trust-busters at the Justice Department and the micromanagers at the FCC . Both agencies argue that it would give AT&T more latitude to raise prices . And neither apparently puts much weight on AT&T 's need for additional spectrum if it is to offer viable competition for Verizon in a 4G world . If this were 1951 instead of 2011 , when self-satisfied American megacompanies like GM set the pace for global industrial innovation , we 'd have more sympathy for the government 's tilt against market concentration . But as the Verizon gambit makes clear , this is anything but a static contest . AT&T and Verizon are living in uncertain times in which they must run to stay in place . That does n't mean the risk of monopoly power is as dead as the Oldsmobile . But it does mean that discretion in managing markets really has become the better part of valor . As we see it , Washington has three options . The first is to limit what firms like Verizon and AT&T can do to improve their service offerings , slowing the rollout of 4G . The second is to break through interest-group gridlock and stimulate improvements in the wireless market with a lot more spectrum -- the best option , surely , but probably a political nonstarter in the near term because the relevant players seem unable to build the necessary political coalitions . The third option , and probably the best under the circumstances , is to look on the Verizon and AT&T gambits with sympathy , on the premise that the vitality of innovation means more to consumers than the potential downside of greater market concentration . Does that mean giving AT&T and Verizon free passes ? Hardly . But it would mean a change in priorities at Justice and the FCC in which the agencies use their legal leverage to minimize concentration in regional wireless markets without undermining the potential for more efficient use of spectrum . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Verizon , AT&T deals are attempts to get more spectrum for wireless services Spectrum , or bandwidth , is getting scarce because it is badly used , they maintain Washington could sell spectrum for billions of dollars , they say , still minimize monopolies Writers : Until then , regulators should look more kindly on telecom mergers
CNN  -- Just a few years ago things were looking grim in Hollywood for multi-camera sitcoms . Then Los Angeles Times staff writer Martin Miller wrote about the upcoming show , "  Back to You , " a multi-camera sitcom created by Steven Levitan and Christopher Lloyd , and cautioned that the format could slowly sink into oblivion if the networks did n't see results . "  Pre-premiere chatter helps , but if that does n't eventually translate into sizable ratings ... the traditional multi-camera manner in which the show is shot could drop in demand to the level of a cord phone , " he wrote . "  Back to You , " with Kelsey Grammer and Patricia Heaton , was canceled after just one season in 2008 . Levitan and Lloyd eventually went on to create and produce the Emmy award-winning mockumentary-style sitcom , "  Modern Family . " This year however , it appears that the multi-camera format is fighting back . In a recent CNN article about this fall 's comedy landscape , TVLine.com 's Matt Web Mitovich noted that "  Two and a Half Men , " "  2 Broke Girls , " "  New Girl , " and "  Last Man Standing " were all Top 10 scripted programs , with "  New Girl " being the only single-camera comedy out of the group . Out of all of the networks , CBS appears to be aiding the resurgence with five of the eight highly ranked sitcoms , all of which are multi-camera sitcoms . And if you look at Entertainment Weekly 's TV Ratings category on its website , you 'll see headlines like "  CBS laughs last , " "  CBS comedy block rules earth " and "  Comedy lineup scores again for CBS . " There are also a number of new and upcoming multi-camera sitcoms that were introduced this fall and will premiere in 2012 . In addition to "  2 Broke Girls , " there 's NBC 's "  Whitney " and "  Are You There , Chelsea ? "  previously "  Are You There Vodka ? It 's Me Chelsea "  , ABC 's "  Last Man Standing " and "  Work It , " and Fox 's "  I Hate My Teenage Daughter . " Does this mean that multi-camera comedies are making a comeback with audiences ? For those who are not aware of the differences , here 's a basic explanation ; according to the book "  Writing Television Sitcoms " by Evan Scott Smith , multi-camera sitcoms "  shoot mostly on a limited number of sets in an indoor soundstage " and tend to use more than one camera to "  simultaneously cover several angles as the scene plays out . " Single-camera sitcoms , on the other hand , use just one camera to "  shoot on both standing sets and a variety of off-the-lot locations . " Multi-camera sitcoms also "  are usually cheaper to produce and take less time to shoot . " Jen Grisanti , a story consultant and a writing instructor for NBC 's Writers on the Verge , said that the multi-camera format has gained momentum again because of better writing in shows like "  2 Broke Girls , " "  The Big Bang Theory " and "  Two and a Half Men . " "  Multi-cameras are definitely resurfacing , " she said . "  You definitely see writers take risks . The multi-camera sitcom is now recognizing the value of a story mixed in with the joke . " Scott Sedita , an acting coach and author of the book "  The Eight Characters of Comedy : Guide to Sitcom Acting and Writing " said that the multi-camera sitcom 's automatic invitation to laugh makes it much more accessible to everyone . "  I love multi-camera sitcoms , " he said . "  I want to know when the joke is coming . It 's easier and more fun to watch . And in a time of recession , I really believe that people want to sit down and laugh about their lives . " Single-camera sitcoms like "  The Office , " "  Parks and Recreation " and "  Modern Family " incorporate cinematic techniques and allow producers to film outside the studio . That realistic quality and the lack of the laugh track , Sedita said , seem to appeal to the younger generation . But Ed Bark , a TV critic behind the TV review website Uncle Barky 's Bytes , said that CBS has captured the younger demographic with multi-camera sitcoms like "  The Big Bang Theory " and is doing well with its Monday night lineup . "  CBS is clearly wedded to that format , obviously because they have had success with it , " Bark said . "  It is in some ways puzzling that networks do n't look at it and say that this is what people are still used to . You would think that maybe more networks would follow CBS ' example . " That could be why NBC is now experimenting with a new multi-camera sitcom lineup . Recently , NBC revealed its mid-season 2012 schedule , which included "  Whitney " and "  Are You There , Chelsea ? " being given a Wednesday slot , similar to the network 's single-camera-dominated Thursday lineup that includes "  30 Rock . " Even though many critics like Bark favor single-camera sitcoms as the more refined format , he said that it does n't mean multi-camera sitcoms are not acclaim-worthy . "  It persists in the mind of networks that the cooler audience would prefer single-camera sitcoms , " he said . "  But I do n't think anyone would say that ` Seinfeld ' and ` Frasier ' are simple-minded or over the top because they had a laugh track . " Some critics are also questioning the relevance of the studio audience in comedy , which is a key element in most multi-camera sitcoms . Todd VanDerWerff , The A.V. Club TV editor , addressed this in an article about studio audiences . "  In comedy especially , the need to suggest that a community is watching the show has become less and less important , " he wrote . "  In some respects , this is an outgrowth of our growing sophistication as an audience . " When VanDerWerff talked to CNN about the article , he also said that the present generation that grew up on "  Friends " and "  Everybody Loves Raymond " grew weary of the copycat versions that networks churned out . "  There were so many bad multi-camera sitcoms , where there would be a punchline that was not really funny , but then suddenly the studio audience would erupt in laughter , " he said . VanDerWerff also argues in his article that the multi-camera sitcom 's success depends on how much attention the producers pay to the audience . While attending a recent taping for "  2 Broke Girls , " he noticed that the writers changed lines and the cast members altered their delivery based on the audience 's reactions . "  This was unlike anything else : Theater with do-overs , " VanDerWerff wrote . "  Seeing the episode filmed suggested there 's still life in the format . " VanDerWerff said that while he likes "  2 Broke Girls , " there 's still a lot of work that needs to be done . He said that sitcom producers and writers should take up the challenge and figure out how to make multi-camera sitcoms more relevant today . If it 's done right , he would not be surprised if multi-cameras sitcoms rule the comedy scene next year . "  I want there to be a good multi-camera sitcom , " VanDerWerff said . "  It 's going to take writers who are now working single-camera comedies to come back . It 's going to take someone to shake it up . "	Multi-camera sitcoms like "  Two and a Half Men " seem to be dominating ratings this fall Scott Sedita , an acting coach , says that multi-camera sitcoms offer an invitation to laugh Ed Baker , a TV critic , says that no one would call sitcoms like "  Seinfeld " unsophisticated Todd VanDerWerff says single-camera sitcom writers need to return to the multi-camera format
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- At least 24 paramilitary troops and a civilian were killed in an armed assault on their camp by suspected Maoists in eastern India , a district official said Tuesday . The attackers struck India 's Eastern Frontier Rifles camp in West Bengal state 's West Midnapore district on Monday . Top district official Narayan Swaroop Nigam told CNN that the raiders arrived on different types of vehicles and that they were equipped with sophisticated self-loading weapons . He insisted that Indian troops retaliated with fire . Two attackers apparently died , but their bodies had not yet been recovered , Nigam said . "  Security forces have combed the area and a manhunt has been launched , " he added . India regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat . The Maoists , on the other hand , have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed . Just about a week ago , India 's Home Minister P. Chidambaram acknowledged that more than 900 people , including almost 600 civilians , were killed in Maoist-related incidents in 2009 . Besides , some 200 suspected rebels were also slain as forces moved into areas under insurgent control , he said . "  However , I am confident that the state governments concerned will gradually gain the upper hand and re-establish the authority of the civil administration , " Chidambaram told an internal security conference on February 7 . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , however , conceded last year that the nation 's fight with the Maoists had fallen short of objectives . Maoists enjoy support not only in the poorest and tribal communities but also among youth and the intelligentsia , officials suspect . "  We have not achieved as much success as we would have liked in containing this menace , " Singh said in September 2009 . "  It is a matter of concern that , despite our efforts , the level of violence in the affected states continues to rise . " In 2008 , 1,591 Maoist rebel attacks killed 721 people , government officials say . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and people they call "  class enemies , " the rebels are also believed to be attacking infrastructure such as roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	NEW : At least 24 paramilitary troops and a civilian were killed in armed attack Suspected Maoists assaulted their camp in West Bengal state on Monday District official says Indian troops retaliated with fire , two attackers apparently died Maoists have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossessed
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Conson was downgraded from a typhoon early Saturday , a day after the deadly storm roared into China , along the southern tip of the island of Hainan . Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday , making a final landfall in northern Vietnam , near Hanoi , in the afternoon , according to CNN World Weather . The storm , which killed at least 39 people during its westward march across the Philippines this week , had maximum sustained winds of 112 kph  70 mph  Saturday , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . At one point Friday morning , the storm 's winds reached 139 kph  86 mph  , making it the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane when it reached China . Southern China already had been battling severe flooding that killed 146 people over the past two weeks , destroyed about 113,000 homes and forced more than 1.2 million people to relocate this month , state media said Friday . Forty people were missing . According to the state-run Xinhua news agency , Chen Lei of the State Flood Control and Drought Relief office said the coming rain would exacerbate the flooding . Storms and floods have affected more than 35 million people in 10 China provinces this month . By Thursday , the nation had recorded at least 26 billion yuan  about $ 3.8 billion  in economic losses , Xinhua said . Conson had weakened from a typhoon to a tropical storm before its landfall late Tuesday in the Philippines , but that did n't keep the storm from wreaking havoc as it traversed the archipelago off the Asian mainland . Conson then traveled across the South China Sea , picking up strength . Along with the rising death toll , the Philippines ' National Disaster Coordinating Council said Friday that 84 people were missing .	Conson is downgraded to a tropical storm The storm has been blamed for at least 39 deaths in the Philippines Conson is forecast to move through the Gulf of Tonkin on Saturday
Algeria  CNN  -- Mohammed Qassi Al Saeed , Mohammed Shoaib , Saleh Larbas , Jamal Manad , and Tak Ben Sawlah all played international football for Algeria in the 1980s . But , as well as being teammates for their national side , the players also share another common bond -- each one of them has fathered a child that suffers from mental health problems . The players say they suspect this is no coincidence , more a direct consequence of taking performance-enhancing drugs while playing for their country , without their knowledge or consent . Rashid Hanafi is a respected figure in Algerian sport . He is president of the Algerian Olympic Committee , but was once doctor for the national side . He admits that suspicious practices occurred during the 1980s . "  When Russian Gennady Rogov took over as coach in 1981 , I was not allowed to take a look at the medical records of the players any more , " Hanafi told CNN . "  I suspected he was trying to do some suspicious tests , and this is why I submitted a detailed report to the national center of Algeria sports and medicine and the ministry of sports . "  But they asked me not to interfere in the work of the Russian team , which is why I decided to resign . "  Whether the coaches used drugs on the players , and whether that affected their children negatively is something I can not confirm . But nonetheless , Russians were known in the late 1970s and early 1980s for their suspicious behavior on the sport field . " Hanafi added : "  It is not necessarily true that these drugs had a direct effect on the children , but if we look at the whole situation we 'll find that most players ' children have some mental issues . " Rogov , who is no longer alive , led Algeria to a famous victory over West Germany at the 1982 World Cup . CNN 's efforts to reach any doctors who worked with the Algerian team at that time proved unsuccessful . But could these players and their families merely be victims of coincidence ? Professor Richard Sharpe , a senior scientist at the Medical Research Council Human Reproductive Sciences Unit in Scotland , doubts that any performance-enhancing drug or steroid could be transferred to offspring in such a manner . "  It is possible you can take a drug that would cause mutations of DNA and therefore result in children being born with disabilities , " Sharpe told CNN . "  But I think it is extremely unlikely that this would happen -- and I know of no drugs or substances that would be used to enhance sporting prowess that could be transferred and therefore cause these abnormalities . " Like Hanafi , none of the players can prove there is a direct link , but they want answers to what has happened to their children -- and it is their words that are most poignant of all . Shoaib had three daughters who all suffered mental health problems , with one of them , he says , dying as a result of her condition . "  Nobody can understand our suffering , " he told CNN . "  I am shocked because I never took drugs in my life -- unless of course I was given them without our knowledge and that the Russian coaches knew it . " He added : "  Some years later , I met with some of my former teammates and we discovered that we were all in the same situation : me , Qassi Al Saeed  his daughter  , Larbas  a son  , Jamal Manad  three sons  and Ben Sawlah  daughter  . We all played at the same time , so we decided to make it public , and find out why . " None of the players would elaborate on those mental issues , which is not uncommon given cultural taboos surrounding the issue in that part of the world . Larbas ' son Bilas is now 12 years old . "  When he was born , I said , ` This is our fate , and we should accept it , ' " Larbas told CNN . "  It did not come to my mind that this could be something related to drugs , until I met up with the other guys . "  I remember the Russian doctors who used to supervise our treatment during training sessions ; all we cared about was playing and winning . I know it will be difficult to reveal the truth without sufficient evidence , but opening an investigation is very important . " Al Saeed also wants answers . "  I believe in fate , but having the same mental problem among everyone in the team is something very strange , " he told CNN . "  I do n't understand what Dr. Hanafi said in terms of not allowing him to view the files , which means that a group of people were doing something in the dark , but we will not stop asking for our right to know . " He added : "  My second daughter , Madina , was born in 1989 . When she reached school age , she said to me : ` Why ca n't I go to school like other girls ? ' I did not know what to say , so I held her and cried . "  Is there anyone in this world who prefers money and fame and have some unhealthy children ? I do n't think so , so we need immediate answers from authorities . We know that reopening this case is difficult , but we need to know the reasons that made us reach this point . "	Several former Algerian footballers have fathered children with disabilities These players believe they were administered drugs in the 1980s without their consent The Algerian national team had Russian coaches and doctors at the 1982 World Cup Scientist doubts that effects of performance-enhancing drugs can be passed on
CNN  -- Napoli won the Italian Cup final 2-0 on Sunday to shatter Juventus ' hopes of a domestic double and ruin Alessandro del Piero 's final game for the Old Lady . Second-half goals by Edinson Cavani and Marek Hamsik gave Napoli their first Italian Cup win since 1987 when Diego Maradona led the team in an unprecedented period of success for the club . After winning Serie A and going unbeaten through the season , Juventus were aiming for a first domestic double since 1995 . "  It 's almost unthinkable to beat Juventus over 90 minutes when they had n't lost all season . It was an achievement within an achievement , " Napoli coach Walter Mazzarri said . Juve coach Antonio Conte named Del Piero in his starting lineup at Rome 's Stadio Olimpico , despite fielding the forward only sparingly for the rest of the season . It was a decision that ultimately backfired . With Juve trailing 1-0 and struggling to create chances , the 37-year-old came off to warm applause to be replaced by Simone Pepe , who five minutes later came close to fashioning an equalizer only for his deflected effort to be kept our by the legs of goalkeeper Morgan De Sanctis . Napoli had gone ahead in the 62nd minute when Ezequiel Lavezzi won a penalty after goalkeeper Marco Storari 's foul and Cavani converted . Hamsik made sure of a deserved win when he finished off a swift counter attack with seven minutes remaining . Juve substitute Fabio Quagliarella was sent off in the 90th minute for elbowing Aronica to complete a miserable day for the Turin club . After the celebrations die down , Napoli will turn their attentions to trying to keep hold of star players like Cavani , Hamsik and Ezequiel Lavezzi , who have all been linked with big-money moves away from the club . In France , Montpellier won the Ligue Un title for the first time in their history - leaving big-spending Paris Saint-Germain to settle for second . Montpellier only needed a draw but John Utaka scored twice to give them a 2-1 win at bottom club Auxerre , whose home fans twice held up the game by throwing tennis balls , toilet rolls and flares onto the pitch . PSG won 2-1 at Lorient but Montpellier 's result made the result irrelevant . The southern club finished three points ahead of PSG , who failed to win the title despite having a budget to dwarf all of their rivals . Since the club was taken over by Qatari owners last year , PSG have broken the French transfer record to buy Argentine playmaker Javier Pastore for â ‚ ¬ 43 million , employed Brazilian Leonardo as sports director and brought in Carlo Ancelotti as coach . Elsewhere in France , Dijon and Caen joined Auxerre in dropping out of the top flight and Eden Hazard scored a hat-trick in his final game for Lille -- a 4-1 win over Nancy . Hazard is set to move to England , but did not reveal which club .	Napoli beat Juventus 2-0 win win Italian Cup for first time since 1987 Edinson Cavani and Marek Hamsik score second-half goals to seal the win Alessandro del Piero ends 19-year Juventus career with defeat In France , Montpellier wins title for first time , leaving PSG second
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Gov. David Paterson will announce plans Thursday to introduce same-sex marriage legislation in the state Assembly , according to an assemblyman who was asked to be present for the announcement . A New York assemblyman says Gov. David Paterson knows "  this will be a defining moment . " "  The governor 's office called me and asked if I would stand with the governor , " said Micah Z. Kellner , a state assemblyman from Manhattan . "  I said I will be thrilled to stand with the governor when he makes this announcement . " Paterson has expressed support for gay marriage in the past but when asked Tuesday , he would not confirm details of an announcement . "  There is clearly a problem in that those individuals who are gay or lesbian who would live in a civil union are still not entitled to somewhere between 1,250 and 1,300 civil protections " available to married couples , Paterson said . "  We would like to try to address that at some point in the near future . " Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer introduced the same bill in 2007 . It passed in the Assembly 85-61 but died in the state Senate . The bill 's chief supporter in the Senate , Democratic state Sen. Thomas Duane , said Paterson "  knows how hard it is to pass this kind of legislation . " "  He worked to try to pass hate crime legislation for many years , " Duane said . "  I know how strongly the governor feels about this kind of civil rights legislation . " Paterson has previously said he is committed to bringing "  full marriage equality in New York State . " "  No governor in the history of New York has been at the forefront , " said Kellner . "  He realizes it is the civil rights movement of the 21st century . " Duane agreed . "  I also know that he -LSB- Paterson -RSB- knows that this will be a defining moment . " Bruce Anderson , interim executive director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual & Transgender Community Center , said it 's "  high time that we have the opportunity to discuss this in Albany . " "  We have waited very long , " he added . If the legislation passes , it would make New York the fifth state to legalize same sex-marriage . Similar measures have been approved by courts or lawmakers in Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa . Because of its previous success in the Assembly , the bill is expected to pass there , but it will need 32 votes to pass in the state Senate . "  We hope to have this bill passed at the end of June , at the end of the legislative session , " said Kellner . "  No one wants to bring this to the floor to fail , it would be a huge disaster . We want to make sure that if we bring this to the floor for a vote that it passes . " CNN 's Chloe Melas contributed to this story .	Assemblyman says governor 's office asked him to attend announcement of bill Previous governor filed same bill , which passed Assembly but not Senate Gov. Paterson has said he is committed to "  full marriage equality in New York State " "  We hope to have this bill passed at the end of June , " assemblyman says
CNN  -- Blinded by balloons . Freaked out from funny hats . Overcome by confetti . The nonstop insanity that occurs every four years at presidential party conventions is a given . And next week 's Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , is no exception . Convention-goers will need a break . Can you sneak away for an hour ? Check out a free , self-guided walking tour of public art among the Uptown area 's shining modern skyscrapers . After you download a map and an audio podcast , you 're ready to hit the sidewalk . The starting point is at West Trade and Poplar streets , a stone 's throw from the Time Warner Cable Arena convention hall . At Independence Square , you 'll see four statues created by Pittsburgh 's Raymond Kaskey -- representing commerce , industry , transportation and the future . Farther along the tour , you 'll come across sculptures by British artist Shaun Cassidy . Outside the Bechtler Museum of Modern Art , take part in a tradition . Join countless others who 've had their photo taken with the Firebird sculpture . The outdoor work stands 18 feet tall , and it 's covered with thousands of tiles of mirrored glass . An hour might give you just enough time to see the US Airways plane that pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger made famous in 2009 . A bird strike forced Sullenberger to ditch the A320 Airbus with 155 passengers and crew in New York 's Hudson River . No one was hurt , and the plane is now on display at the Carolinas Aviation Museum , a 15-minute drive from the Time Warner Cable Arena . There 's a lot more to see at the museum , including two rare aircraft -- the D-558-1 Skystreak and a Savoia Marchetti S. 56B -- so do n't blame us if you end up taking more than an hour . Maybe you can steal a little more time -- a whole afternoon ? If so , here 's an idea that 's perfect for the politics crowd : former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright 's prized collection of jeweled pins . See more than 200 of them at the Mint Museum Uptown at 500 S. Tryon St. , about a 15-minute walk from Time Warner Cable Arena . There 's a funny story linked to these sparkly artifacts . Albright started collecting pins during rising tensions between the United States and Iraq , she told The Charlotte Observer . In 1994 , when she was U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , the Iraqi press called her a "  serpent . " Albright turned that insult into a fashion statement . At her next meeting about Iraq , she sported a decorative golden brooch that looked like a snake . That 's how Albright started her signature style of wearing jewelry to send not-so-subtle diplomatic signals . Another idea : Take a 10-minute drive from the convention hall and explore NoDa . This neighborhood 's name comes from its location on North Davidson Street , where long ago , textile mills hummed with activity . Now the district buzzes with live music , trendy restaurants and funky coffeehouses . Take a seat inside the friendly Smelly Cat Coffeehouse near North Davidson and 36th streets . "  We have no idea necessarily what to expect , " barista Leah Burleson says about possible convention traffic . The shop -- named after a "  terrible , terrible song " sung by "  Friends " TV character Phoebe Buffay boasts a new bean roaster that Burleson says sets it apart from the competition . NoDa also has another rarity : a 24-hour French bakery and cafe . The eclectic vibe at Amelie 's is almost as memorable as its savory soups , sandwiches , cookies , pastries and cakes . Or take an hour and hit Lunchbox Records , an independent music shop that specializes in vinyl , CDs and DVDs . It 's about a 10-minute drive from the arena , off Central Avenue in the trendy Plaza-Midwood neighborhood . Got kids ? Consider an afternoon at Discovery Place , Discovery Place KIDS or Charlotte Nature Museum , offering a hands-on educational experience for the whole family . If you can swing an entire day ? Would you be interested in seeing any of the following up close ? Prince 's purple guitar that he played at the 2007 Super Bowl . Malcolm X 's personal Quran and diary in which he described his 1964 pilgrimage to Mecca . Serena Williams ' tennis outfit that she wore when she won Wimbledon in 2009 . Author Alex Haley 's Smith Corona Coronet Electric typewriter that he used to write "  Roots . " Jimi Hendrix 's black flair pants , purple top and crop vest . Astronaut Joan Higginbotham 's space shuttle flight suit and helmet . They 're all in one place : The Harvey B. Gantt Center for African-American Arts + Culture , a 15-minute walk from the arena . The museum 's "  America I AM " exhibit celebrates and documents five centuries of African-American history . Also within walking distance from the arena is the NASCAR Hall of Fame , where historic vehicles and impressive displays show off 60 years of stock car racing . About 15 miles from the convention hall is the world 's largest man-made whitewater river . The U.S. National Whitewater Center offers more than 400 acres of outdoor action , including a zipline , kayaking , rafting , mountain biking and rock climbing . "  It 's kind of a Disney World one-stop shop " for outdoor activities , says spokesman Stephen Youngblade . If you 're not into the action and just want to hang out for the day , the price is right : There 's no general admission fee . Of course , plenty will be overnighting it Experience a concert at NoDa 's Neighborhood Theater , a historic cinema converted into one of Charlotte 's beloved music venues . The theater 's walls are decorated with beautiful , giant mural paintings . The convention week 's events offer a mix of music and art . Check the theater 's website for details . Finally , let 's not forget shopping . Concord Mills , which boasts about 200 retail and outlet shops , is about a half-hour northeast of Charlotte . Another shopping mecca , SouthPark Mall -- about six miles south of the city 's center -- offers high-end retailers such as Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom . Some of the region 's best furniture manufacturers and outlets can be found an hour northwest of the city in Hickory , North Carolina , and an hour northeast in High Point . One word of advice , call ahead if you can . Many of these places are operating under special hours because of the convention . Hey , Charlotte natives , do you have any ideas for conventioneers ? Feel free to post them below .	Visitors to Charlotte , North Carolina , may need a break from convention activities City offers walking tour , "  miracle " airliner , whitewater playground Charlotte 's NoDa district includes music venue , fun hangouts African-American exhibit features Prince guitar , Malcolm X Quran
CNN  -- There will be no repeat of the 2012 men 's singles final at the French Open after defending champion Rafael Nadal was drawn Friday in the same half as No.1-ranked Novak Djokovic for this year 's second grand slam of the season . It means the pair are likely to face each other in the semifinals at Roland Garros as Nadal bids for an eighth crown and reigning Australian Open champion Djokovic attempts to take the French Open for the first time . With Andy Murray withdrawing earlier this week through injury , Nadal has been promoted to third seed . Read : No. 2 Murray forced out of clay court grand slam The Spaniard spent nearly eight months on the sidelines himself but since his return has won six tournaments , including back to back Masters titles in Madrid and Rome , lifting him up the rankings . He shrugged off the possibility of facing Djokovic in the last four rather than the final . "  It is what it is . If he and I are not number one and two in the world , then this can happen , " Nadal told the official French Open website . "  But the tournament starts with the first round , and I 'm sure both of us know we have a hard path before that . " Nadal will open proceedings against Germany 's Daniel Brands , but a potential third round match would pit him against Lukas Rosol , who shocked him at last year 's Wimbledon ahead of his lengthy injury layoff . Djokovic , who beat Nadal in April in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters , will play Belgium 's David Goffin in the first round . In the other half , second seed Roger Federer will play qualifiers in this first two matches , with home hope Jo-Wilfried Tsonga a likely quarterfinal opponent and fourth seed David Ferrer of Spain in the semifinals . The women 's draw has been kind to No. 1 Serena Williams , who will begin her campaign against Anna Tatishvili . Defending champion and second seed Maria Sharapova has the tougher test , with Australian Open winner and third seed Victoria Azarenka in her half of the draw . But the Russia superstar is just proud to be back with the clay court grand slam under her belt . "  It 's very meaningful to come back as defending champion , " she said . "  Of course , there 's always a bit of pressure coming back . But the draw looks good . " Action gets underway Sunday , but in the qualifying tournament Friday there was defeat for former World No. 9 Andrea Petkovic . The German has been plagued by injuries since reaching the quarterfinals in Paris two years ago and went out to China ' s Yi-Miao Zhou after three grueling sets .	Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic drawn in same half at French Open Means there will be no repeat of 2012 final -- won by Nadal Roger Federer seeded to face David Ferrer in the other semifinal Serena Williams and defending champion Maria Sharapova separated in women 's draw
Port Fourchon , Louisiana  CNN  -- It sounds like a Hollywood movie . An impending disaster -- think the disabled spacecraft in "  Apollo 13 " or the asteroid hurtling toward Earth in "  Armageddon " -- prompts a daring intervention by engineers to save the day . This time , the threat is oil gushing from a broken well on the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico that could destroy livelihoods and irreplaceable coastal wetlands . Equally real is the attempted engineering marvel -- a four-story metal container that will be lowered onto the leaking pipe to try to suck in the flowing oil . Officials of BP , the oil giant that owns the leaking well , said Monday they plan to try the unprecedented effort this week . If successful , they say , the "  pollution containment chamber " could reduce the underwater gusher by more than 80 percent and provide the first success in industry and government efforts to control the spill that began April 20 with an explosion and fire on an offshore rig . "  Everyone 's committed to getting this stopped so we can just focus on a cleanup , " said Doug Suttles , the BP chief operating officer . KATC : Gulf shrimp season to temporarily close The challenges are vast and varied , reflecting the scope of the problem . The gushing well is 5,000 feet under water at the bottom of the ocean , where the immense pressure makes it impossible for humans to work . So far , unmanned submarines called "  remote operation vehicles " have been trying unsuccessfully to fix a defective "  blowout preventer " -- the failsafe gadget that should have prevented the leak in the first place . Now BP has started drilling a relief well that eventually could allow them to close off the broken well . However , that would take at least two months to work , Suttles said . KNOE : Community rallies around rig families That leaves the pollution containment chamber , a 100-ton , 40-foot-tall rust brown device that workers were still putting together Monday in the Port Fourchon , Louisiana , workyard , where welders ' torches showered sparks as gulls flew overhead . It is the biggest such chamber ever constructed , BP officials say . Their plan is to lower the chamber to the ocean floor where the biggest of three leaks in the well 's underwater piping occurs . It would straddle the pipe and lock itself into the seabed , so that the leaking oil goes into the chamber itself . Then the question becomes how to pipe it up to a giant tanker on the surface , 5,000 feet up . It is by far the deepest attempted use ever of such a containment chamber , according to BP officials . "  This has been done in shallow water ; it 's never been done in deep water before , " Suttles said . The engineers will rely in part on the laws of physics to their advantage , Suttles said . Because water pressure is greater than oil pressure , it should help push the oil to the surface , he said . If all goes well , the containment chamber could be in place and hopefully pumping up much of the spilling oil by the end of the week , Suttles said . BP workers also are building a smaller containment chamber for another leak in the pipe , he said , and hope to close a third leak with a shutoff valve as soon as Tuesday . So far , an estimated 2.6 million gallons of oil , roughly 60,000 barrels , has spilled into the Gulf of Mexico , forming a slick the size of the state of Delaware . The oil continues to gush at a rate of at least 5,000 barrels a day , authorities estimate , and the growing slick could come ashore at any time to destroy sensitive wetlands that are vital for the huge local fishing industry and other resources . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	"  Pollution containment chamber " could reduce leak by more than 80 percent Water pressure , greater than oil pressure , would help push the oil to the surface Workers still putting together the 100-ton , 40-foot-tall rust brown device Containment chamber could be in place by end of the week , BP official says
CNN  -- Bill Clinton 's chief of staff when he was governor of Arkansas is expected to turn herself in after authorities issued a bench warrant for her arrest for allegedly smuggling contraband into a state prison , her attorney told CNN Wednesday . Betsey Wright served Clinton as chief of staff for 7 years in Arkansas and ran 3 successful campaigns for governor . Betsey Wright allegedly smuggled a red Doritos bag containing 48 tattoo needles , a pen with tweezers and a needle inside , a Swiss Army knife and a box cutter into the Varner Unit , a high-security state prison in Grady , Arkansas , according to the bench warrant . She will turn herself in next week , Jeff Rosenzweig , Wright 's attorney , said . Wright is an advocate for prisoners and has befriended a number of inmates at Varner , Rosenzweig said . "  We are very disappointed the prosecutor has chosen to issue charges , " he said . "  We have no choice but to seek vindication in court . " Wright served Clinton as chief of staff for seven years in Arkansas and ran his successful campaigns for governor in 1982 , 1984 and 1986 .	Betsey Wright will surrender after bench warrant issued for her arrest , lawyer says She allegedly smuggled tattoo needles , Swiss Army knife , box cutter into state prison Wright is an advocate for prisoners , has befriended inmates , lawyer says
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia during his two-day stop in the Southeast Asian nation where he spent part of his childhood . However the Indonesia volcano that threatened President Obama 's visit is now "  likely " to shorten an already brief stop to the capital city of Jakarta . Obama met with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and held a news conference with him . He is also scheduled to attend an official dinner ; and visit the Istiqlal Mosque , the largest mosque in southeast Asia . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs , who earlier told reporters that officials were closely monitoring the ash cloud from Mount Merapi , said forecasting shows air traffic might again be disrupted . Gibbs said the president still hopes to deliver a speech at the University of Indonesia . "  My sense is , our hope is that while we may have to truncate some of the morning we can get the speech in , " Gibbs told reporters aboard Air Force One on a flight from New Delhi to Jakarta . Obama lived in the Indonesian capital from 1968-1971 , leaving aged 10 . Click through CNN 's photo gallery above to see what Indonesians are thinking of his upcoming visit and to learn about his time there .	U.S. President Barack Obama lived in Indonesia from 1968-1971 He will be in Jakarta as part of a 10-day Asian tour to boost trade , ties Obama is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia
CNN  -- On Wednesday , millions of Americans visiting their favorite websites will encounter the same dreaded image : the spinning wheel of death . This is the symbol of the great "  Internet Slowdown " -- a coordinated day of action among hundreds of organizers and some of the world 's largest tech firms , including Netflix , Twitter , Etsy , Kickstarter , Mozilla , Foursquare , Reddit , and WordPress . Together they are showing the American public what most of the Internet would look like in a world without "  net neutrality . " In a word : slow . These spinning wheels of death foreshadow a future that could be right around the corner . If the Federal Communications Commission adopts its proposed rules , Internet service providers like Comcast or Verizon will be allowed to provide "  fast lanes " to websites and services that pay , and slow lanes to the rest . This means that it will be harder for Americans to access those sites that ca n't afford to pay fees -- including those of new businesses , nonprofits , educators , artists , activists , and faith groups . The result ? Startup innovation , free expression , and democratic discourse in America will suffer . The good news is that it 's not too late to save the Internet as we know it . The FCC is legally obligated to listen to the American people before adopting its rules . The deadline for submitting comments is September 15 , so this is our chance to speak up . There is much at stake . The FCC 's proposed rules threaten our ability to access the applications , content , and services of our choice -- the very principle behind "  net neutrality , " the idea that high-speed Internet providers should treat all types of Web content equally . Net neutrality explained Companies that provide gateways to the Internet should n't interfere with our ability to access what we want online , whether through blocking , discrimination , or giving better service to those who can pay . The FCC 's current proposal would allow them to do just that . This means that we could encounter the spinning wheel of death on any site that ca n't afford to pay . "  Slow lanes " spell doom for innovation . On the Internet , the costs of innovation are incredibly low , and entrepreneurs do n't need massive upfront funding or permission to pursue their ideas . The proposed rules would change that . If established companies can pay so that their content loads faster or does not count against users ' monthly bandwidth caps , then that student working on a bright idea in a dorm room does n't have a chance to compete . Many of today 's popular applications -- Google , Facebook , Skype , or eBay -- were developed by innovators with little or no outside funding . In a world where such innovations are stuck in the slow lane , they would have never seen the light of day . Innovation is n't the only thing that will suffer . Today , the open Internet is also a space where all Americans , no matter the color of their skin or size of their wallets , have an equal opportunity to express themselves , organize politically , and connect with one another . Under the new rules , it will be harder to hear those who ca n't pay -- educators , nonprofits , activists , writers , independent filmmakers and musicians . If Internet service providers have the power to block , discriminate or charge access fees , we risk losing this critical space for democratic discourse , political action , and creative expression . According to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler , the FCC does n't need to ban access fees to prevent this from happening . Instead , the chairman proposes regulating the quality of Internet service to make sure that the slow lane is not too slow . If the slow lane is good enough , he argues , those who ca n't pay can still get to their users and have a chance to compete . But it 's not the quality of the slow lane that is the problem ; it 's that there IS a faster lane that provides a better experience . According to research , increasing load times by as little as 100 milliseconds reduces the amount of time people spend on a site , how much they buy , and whether they come back . Thus , under the FCC 's proposal , those who ca n't pay to be in the faster lane will have fewer users or readers , fewer sales , and less advertising revenue . This problem affects every application , website and service , not just delay-sensitive applications like online video . Improving the quality of the slower lane does not remove that problem . We are still stuck with the quality differential between paying and nonpaying applications . So what should we do ? We should ask the FCC to throw out the current proposal and instead adopt strong rules that do not allow Internet service providers to block or discriminate or charge access fees . Such rules exist . In 2010 , the FCC adopted Open Internet Rules that were n't perfect , but a step in the right direction . A federal court struck down those rules this year on a technicality : The FCC adopted them under the wrong authority . According to the court , a ban on access fees can only be imposed on entities that -- unlike Internet service providers -- have been classified as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act . The solution is simple . The FCC needs to reclassify Internet service providers as "  common carriers " and enact the network neutrality rules we need under Title II of the Communications Act . Wednesday 's "  Internet Slowdown " is a glimpse into the future , but we have the power to avoid that fate . More than 1.2 million comments are already filed with the FCC . People who care about the open Internet are calling on Congress and the White House to stand with them . We should join them . As long as the Internet is an open and equal space , we have a voice . Let 's not squander the moment .	Writer : Some tech firms will participate in Internet slowdown Wednesday to send message If FCC lets Net providers give "  fast lanes " to sites that pay , innovation suffers , she says Such rules favor deep-pocketed established companies , not scrappy new ones , she says Writer : Ask FCC to reject proposal , set rules that prevent providers from discriminating
CNN  -- It began as an attempt to shut up one woman -- a video-game developer who had criticized the entrenched sexism and misogyny in her industry -- by "  slut-shaming " her and then threatening her . As other women entered the conversation that was spreading across the Web , male gamer bullies organized to stamp them down as well , some of them adopting Gamergate as the rubric for their "  movement . " When the argument finally caught the attention of mainstream media , the controversy was no longer only about the original issues . It had also become about who gets to determine the real meaning of Gamergate . So , what is Gamergate ? Explaining it makes Watergate look like a piece of cake .  "  You see , kids , burglars broke into Democratic Party offices , and the Republican president tried to cover it up . " Easy ! Not Gamergate . For one thing , unraveling the truth about the 1972 break-in at the Watergate office complex fell to professional journalists and the legal system . For Gamergate -- now a catchall term for a kind of culture war sprung from the gaming world , taking in issues of sexism , free speech , journalistic ethics , identity and more -- the most timely and thoughtful coverage is coming from people who are affected by it . And now that we get to hear every person 's voice , online , there is no single national narrator . That means how you explain Gamergate depends on why you think it 's worth explaining . For example , just calling it by that name implies that it 's about some type of scurrilous behavior , in this case a breach of journalistic ethics  which we 'll get to in a minute  . Yet , if that 's all it were about , it would have sunk without a ripple . After all , there 's no evidence that there was any breach , and even if there were , why go after a woman who is a tiny indie game developer instead of the $ 100 billion mainstream industry that dwarfs Hollywood in its ability to unduly influence society and the media ? News : Intel pulls ads over sexism in video game drama So , if it 's not about that , then what is it about ? Here are the facts , but they do n't tell the whole story . Zoe Quinn is one of the creators of "  Depression Quest , " an award-winning indie game released in 2013 that , unlike the typical run-and-gun games , puts the player in the text-based shoes of a depressed teenager . About a month ago , an ex-boyfriend claimed the game had gotten a particular good review on a gaming news site only because  the angry ex-boyfriend claimed  Quinn had had sex with the reviewer to further her career -- which Quinn denies . Even though the journalist had n't actually written a review , and the gaming news site found no wrongdoing , this triggered an avalanche of attacks on Quinn 's ethics from some of the Internet 's danker forums , including threats of rape and murder . The fury directed at women went beyond Quinn and beyond the Web . In the most visible episode so far , a few days ago Anita Sarkeesian , who in August had released a video about the use and abuse of women in games , canceled a scheduled talk at Utah State University after the school received emails threatening to murder people at the event . Because of the state 's open-carry law , the university refused to ban students from carrying guns into the event . Those are the "  newsworthy " events , but they do little to explain what 's happening . For example , with my Hat of Reasonability on , I 'm tempted to say "  Of course no one -- gamer or not -- supports anyone threatening rape and mass murder . " But we do n't really know that . Even if few would applaud such horrific acts of violence , the meaning of "  support " is one of the questions raised by Gamergate : These women are being attacked for criticizing mainstream games ' diminishment of women , and some of the sites where these discussions have erupted have subcultures of misogyny . That is a type of support that ca n't be dismissed simply by disavowing those who threaten physical violence . In a brilliant post , the tech writer Kyle Wagner explains why "  stating the facts " is n't always the same as telling the truth . He says that Gamergate is "  a fascinating glimpse of the future of grievance politics as they will be carried out by people who grew up online " -- a politics that exploits the "  basic loophole in the system " : "  the press 's genuine and deep-seated belief that you got ta hear both sides . " That 's why "  a loosely organized , lightly noticed collection of gamers ... have been able to set the terms of debate " and chase women who speak up into hiding . A recounting of "  the simple facts " makes this look like a "  he said-she said " dispute over journalistic ethics . That gives too much credence to what "  he said , " and , more importantly , distracts attention from the real issues . Laurie Penny 's angry and hopeful post puts it all in terms of a larger shift . "  There 's a culture war happening right now , " she begins . "  It 's happening in games , in film , in journalism , in television , in fiction , in fandom . It 's happening online , everywhere . And everywhere , sexists , recreational misogynists and bigots are losing . " These groups ' fear that they are no longer going to be able to shape the story is what has driven "  Gamergate " -- a term Penny pointedly does not use . "  They ca n't understand , " she says , "  why game designers , industry leaders , writers , public figures are lining up to disown their ideas and pledge to do better by women and girls in the future . " They ca n't understand why the ultra-mainstream Time magazine invited Leigh Alexander -- a technology and culture critic -- to explain Gamergate to its readers . The old forces of assumed privilege are realizing they 're losing their grip on our culture . Not immediately . But , if Penny is right , the extremity of their tactics is a tacit admission that the game is over , even as the shouting continues . So , Gamergate has escalated not because , as with Watergate , the "  scandal " that started it has been discovered to be more extensive than it first seemed , or because there was a cover-up . Before hashtags and the rest of the Web infrastructure , Gamergate would have been an unpleasant story about an angry ex-boyfriend and a woman who wrote a game he did n't like . It would not have scaled up the way it has if we still had the old broadcast filters that presented clean national narratives that adhered to the national fiction that everything was basically OK , because it was OK for the class that got to tell us the news . Those days are gone . Gamergate is one of the clearest examples of what happens now that the forging of the narrative not only occurs in public but becomes part of the event itself . Is Gamergate about game industry corruption ? Journalistic ethics ? An ex-boyfriend 's revenge ? About the role of media ? Or  as I believe  about our culture 's dismal history of dismissing women ? You can decide , but in so doing you 're taking a side . In the age of the Net and the days of Gamergate , to understand is to take a stand and to explain is to participate .	David Weinberger : Gamergate "  movement " began as misogyny , became more He says it started with gamers defending anti-female games , but reveals culture war too Dust-up shows how small gamer group can wield grievance politics online , he says Writer : Gamergate evolved as result of our failure to address culture 's treatment of women
CNN  -- When the FBI called Martha Huie 's house in 2005 , she did n't think much of it . "  I answered the phone , and he identified himself and wanted to speak with Ernest Withers . I said , ` This is not Ernest Withers ! ' " Huie recalled , laughing . Last year , she learned the likely reason for the call was no laughing matter . In 2010 , The Memphis Commercial Appeal revealed that the friend she knew for almost 20 years was an FBI informant . As the pre-eminent photographer of the civil rights era , Withers had close access to leaders of the movement . To some , charges of informing represented a betrayal of the highest sort . But not to Huie . Watch the trailer for In America 's documentary about Withers , "  Pictures Do n't Lie " "  I ca n't think about why it was presented in such shock value , " Huie said . "  A lot of people talk to the FBI . If the FBI wants to talk to you , you talk to them . It 's just not a horror story , and Ernest just does n't deserve that . " Huie met Withers at a contemporary art show in Memphis in 1988 . "  We were the senior people there ! " she laughs . "  That was how Ernest and me started talking . " He was black . She was white . He grew up poor in Tennessee . She had a relatively privileged upbringing in Alabama . Withers ' wife , Dorothy , supported his fledgling photography business and eight children . Huie 's late husband , William Bradford Huie , was a celebrated author and investigative journalist who chronicled the events of the civil rights movement and broke the story when two white men confessed to the 1955 murder of Emmett Till , a black teen . Withers , too , had covered the Emmett Till case . Huie and Withers formed an immediate bond over the journalistic work , but it was their mutual appreciation of art and history that kept them talking . The photographer shared stories about his experiences during the civil rights movement and how he learned to use a camera . In one conversation , Withers told Huie how he learned to see color . "  When he was a young boy , his mother died . His stepmother was his mother . And she sewed . She made things for rich white women , and she would send him to the store to buy thread , " Huie said . "  And if he did n't come back with the exact right color , he would have to go right back . And there 's where he learned to see matching colors . " When an FBI agent called Huie a second time in 2005 , she assumed again it was a mistake , and gave the agent Withers ' number . She still does n't know why they called her house . When Withers died in 2007 , his funeral was front-page news in Memphis . Huie and Withers never spoke about his involvement with the FBI , and she is n't concerned that the information will affect his legacy . "  Ernest was not a traitor , or doing anything political or underhanded , " Huie said . "  If the FBI wanted to hand him some grocery money , then so what ? " While the civil rights photographer later became famous for his photographs , he never achieved fortune . But , according to Huie , he lived a life rich in other ways . "  He tried his best every day of his life and made a lot of mistakes and laughed at himself , " Huie reminisced . "  He was on the right side all the way , all the time . And he played it like he needed to . " CNN 's Alicia Stewart contributed to this report .	Civil rights photographer Ernest Withers was revealed in 2010 to be an FBI informant His friend , Martha Huie , says Withers was n't a traitor Withers maintained a long love of art and photography , but never became wealthy from his work
CNN  -- It 's no secret that corporate branding is big business . But in the age of social media , staying ahead of consumer conversations is an increasing challenge . Enter Randy Browning and his company , Blab . It works on predictive social intelligence -- identifying and predicting emerging topics and conversations before they trend on the internet . The company 's propriety technology , aptly named Blab Predicts , gathers 100 million conversations a day , across six social networks and 50,000 news sources in real time . Seattle , Washington-based Blab then classifies those conversations into topics . Companies pay for the predictive data related to each topic . CNN spoke with Browning to find out more about Blab and the merits of using predictive technology . CNN : Give us an example of Blab and how it works . Randy Browning : So let 's say you 're an airline and you 're going into spring break , and you 've got a lot of business riding on flights into Florida . All of a sudden , there 's a shark attack in Florida . And the news is something that 's going to move from the news world into the blog world and start resonating with your target audience . Blab is able to tell that airline this is just a news blip it 's going to last 12 hours and it 's going to not go further than that , or this is going to be a big issue and it 's going to be pervasive 72 hours out . So we are really truly a crystal ball , saying here 's how people are going to be dealing with this story that 's hitting the press right now . CNN : Why do companies need to predict conversations on social media ? RB : There 's been a fundamental shift in the way that marketers need to engage customers and it comes down to this : customers are happy operating in real time . I learn , I 'm engaged , I 'm excited about living my life in real time . But businesses are scared to death to operate in real time ! Because when you 're spending millions of dollars in media , you do n't want to be in a reactive state . You do n't want to say , "  Hey , I 'm caught off guard . " What we do for them is we shift time . We say here 's what will be resonating with your target audience up to 72 hours in the future . CNN : You say that you 're the first company to do this kind of predictive social intelligence . What are the challenges of being an early adopter of new technology ? RB : Every start-up has issues it has to overcome . With Blab , it was my background in advertising . I had a vision but I was n't a technologist . So I could n't get in my garage and start building this . I did n't have venture capitalist connections . So it was n't about calling up a friend and saying , fund us without the proof . That was the barrier I had to solve in building Blab , bring the right founding technology team together , the right angel investors together who would believe in a vision . CNN : What advice do you have for others who are starting a business ? RB : My advice for entrepreneurs is if you 're driven by a passion and an industry understanding , do your research around financing and investing . That is key , that 's the success to getting a company off the ground . And keeping a company going .	Blab predicts topics before they start trending It analyzes 100 million conversations a day , and 50,000 news sources More companies are seeing the value of engaging with customers in real-time
CNN  -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Saturday quarantined an international flight in New Jersey after a passenger became ill on the plane , authorities said . United Airlines Flight 998 from Brussels , Belgium , touched down at Newark Liberty International Airport at 12:15 p.m. CDC quarantine officers met the plane after one of the 255 passengers was vomiting on the flight , officials said . The passengers were released at 1:50 p.m. and permitted to go through customs , said Erica Dumas , a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesperson . The sick passenger and his daughter were taken to a hospital for evaluation . Passengers said it took another two hours to clear customs and retrieve their luggage . The incident comes amid heightened concerns after Thomas Eric Duncan , who had recently arrived from Liberia , on Tuesday was confirmed as the first case of the deadly Ebola virus diagnosed on American soil . Duncan arrived in the United States after a connection in Brussels . The possibility of a new case was knocked down later Saturday by the New Jersey Department of Health . In a statement , it said that University Hospital "  in coordination with federal , state and local public health officials evaluated two individuals who arrived " Saturday afternoon . "  The symptoms of one individual were found to be consistent with another , minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola , " the health department said . "  The second individual , who was traveling with the patient , was asymptomatic . " The health department said that both passengers will be let go and "  self-monitoring , " meaning they 'll be in charge of gauging their health . This statement appears to close the book on this situation , from the health department 's perspective . But it was a very different story just a few hours earlier . CDC officials removed the man and his daughter while other passengers remained on board . The two passengers were escorted by CDC officials in hazmat gear . Dumas said the response was standard procedure with sick passengers , but it was unclear how long the protocol has been in place . "  They were wearing masks and gloves on the plane , " said a passenger from Paris who identified himself only as Chris . They came with whole suits like you see on TV everyday in Africa . " Passenger Rich Burchett told CNN he was sitting next to the sick man . "  He nudged me and asked me to get the flight attendant , " Burchett said . The man told him , "  I need a flight attendant . My eyes are floating . I 've never felt this way before . They hurt . " According to Burchett , a flight attendant asked the man where he was traveling from . He responded : Liberia . "  Immediately they both left and some time passed and they came back and asked him for his name , " Burchett said of the flight attendants . "  He handed them his passport . They came back with white masks and asked -LSB- the man and his daughter -RSB- to put them on . " The sick passenger and the girl were taken to the back of the plane , Burchett said . The plane landed about an hour and a half later . An announcement was made about a sick passenger . People were asked to stay in their seats . More than an hour passed . "  They told us they were waiting on the CDC and everyone realized the gravity of the situation , " Burchett said . Nearly two hours after the flight landed , Burchett said , an announcement was made : "  Everyone can leave . He is not contagious . " Passengers were given forms to fill out so that the CDC can follow up with them . They were handed an information sheet with Ebola symptoms . "  We did get an announcement from a representative of the CDC that we were held as an abundance of caution , " Burchett said . Burchett and other passengers were critical of the response . "  My concern is , if this were something that were highly contagious , we did not seem to have a very good reaction plan , " he said . "  We seemed very uncoordinated at the airport . I hope we learn from it . " Passenger Henry Costa , a talk show host from Monrovia , Libreria , said the man did not initially show signs of illness . "  He did n't seem sick and then all of sudden I saw them taking him out , " he recalled . "  He looked strong but they say he was vomiting . " Costa said he had spoken with the man and his daughter before the flight left Liberia . "  He was lively , " Costa said . "  His daughter was very inquisitive . She asked so many questions . Apparently , it was her first time flying . " The man and his daughter were taken to University Hospital , where the emergency room will not accept anyone else for four hours , CNN affiliate WABC reported . In a statement this week , the CDC said quarantine inspectors meet arriving aircraft and ships reporting ill passengers or crew to assist them in getting appropriate medical treatment . The agency CDC has a network of quarantine stations at 20 ports of entry and land-border crossings . "  If the flight crew of a commercial aircraft arriving in the U.S. becomes aware of an ill person on board which may include a person with Ebola symptoms , the captain is required required by law ... to report the illness to the nearest U.S. Quarantine Station , who will arrange the appropriate medical response at the flight 's destination airport , " the statement said . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? On Saturday , CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden addressed the growing concerns about the deadly disease . "  We have already gotten well over 100 inquiries of possible patients , " Frieden told reporters . "  We 've assessed every one of those ... and just this one patient has tested positive ... We expect that we will see more rumors or concerns or possibilities of cases , until there is a positive laboratory test , that is what they are . " How the Ebola virus spreads CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Greg Botelho , John Bonifield , Jennifer Bixler , Shimon Prokupecz , Jennifer Henderson , Christina Alesci and Daniel Verello contributed to this report .	Health department : Passenger had "  minor treatable condition unrelated to Ebola " CDC quarantines international flight in New Jersey after a passenger became ill Sick passenger and his daughter were taken to a hospital for evaluation Incident comes amid heightened concerns after first case of Ebola diagnosed in U.S.
CNN  -- "  Number nine . Number nine . Number nine . " "  The Beatles : Rock Band , " to be released Wednesday , lets players strum along with classics . The repetitive refrain from one of The Beatles ' most mind-bending journeys into psychedelia -- "  Revolution 9 , " the audio pastiche from "  The White Album " -- is now serving as the backbeat of a big day for the biggest band in rock 'n' roll history . On Wednesday -- 9/9/09 -- remastered versions of the Beatles catalogue will be released , giving listeners what the remaining members of "  The Fab Four " say is the closest reproduction ever of how their music sounded in the studio . The same day , the video game "  The Beatles : Rock Band " is set to be released by Harmonix . Modeled after the already popular "  Rock Band " game , and closely supervised by The Beatles and their estates , the game lets players sing and strum along on a huge list of Beatles classics over scenes ranging from Liverpool 's Cavern Club to their final performance on a London rooftop . And on top of that , there 's rampant speculation that a planned "  music-themed " announcement by Apple Inc. , also scheduled on 9/9/09 , could involve the supergroup . The Beatles are one of a handful of groups whose music has never been approved for sale by Apple 's iTunes , and the timing of the announcement has fueled speculation that could finally change -- or even that specialized Beatles iPods , like the ones sold in 2004 loaded with U2 's music , could be in the works . It 's a remarkable amount of buzz for a band whose roots stretch back nearly five decades . And it 's a clear sign , observers say , that through time and a multitude of cultural shifts , the group 's hold on the public 's imagination has endured . "  People are still looking at Picasso . People are still looking at artists who broke through the constraints of their time period to come up with something that was unique and original , " said Robert Greenfield , a former associate editor at Rolling Stone magazine who has written about the band . "  In the form that they worked in , in the form of popular music , no one will ever be more revolutionary , more creative and more distinctive than The Beatles were . " Research shows that more than 40 years after their last public performance , Paul McCartney , John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr 's music remains as interesting to young people now as it ever was . A Pew Research survey released last month showed that 81 percent of respondents between ages 16-29 said they liked The Beatles . Eleven percent said they dislike the band and only 4 percent said they have never heard of them . By comparison , current rockers Coldplay received 39 percent positive responses , with 45 percent saying they 'd never heard of them . Forty-two percent said they like hip-hop star Kanye West . "  To put this in perspective : Try imagining young adults back in the 1960s putting the big jazz bands of the roaring '20s at the top of their list of favorites , " the survey reads . "  Not very likely . " Walter Everett , professor and chairman of music theory at the University of Michigan , said his students know The Beatles catalogue as well today as they would have 30 years ago . He said the cultural phenomenon that was The Beatles -- the frenzy-inducing early concerts , the furor when John Lennon said the group was "  more popular than Jesus , " the pre-Internet obsession over "  Paul is dead " rumors -- made them something more than just another rock group . "  They were just idolized , " said Everett , who has written several books on the band . "  It was a musical revolution , but -LSB- also -RSB- the hair , the clothing , their attitude about the establishment , their support of everybody , young and old alike , to try to understand each other at a very difficult time . "  Some of that message endures . " But at the heart of the phenomenon , experts agree , is the music . From the charming , school-boy bop of "  I Want To Hold Your Hand " to the blistering assault of "  Helter Skelter , " the songs , they say , were just that good . "  The point is how great the music is , " Greenfield said . "  It is n't about the fact that The Beatles were willing to practice and get better at what they did -- it was the fact that that band contained at least two-and-a-half geniuses -LSB- Lennon , McCartney and , at times , Harrison -RSB- . " Wednesday 's announcements -- and , in Apple 's case , possible announcement -- show that the minders of The Beatles legacy are keeping up with how today 's music consumers behave , said Bruce Burch , director of the University of Georgia 's music business program . "  A lot of bands and artists have been slow to embrace the fact that technology is driving the industry , " Burch said . "  Their music is not going away and this is a step for them for their music to come into the 21st century . " EMI , which will be releasing the remastered recordings , has been famously protective of The Beatles brand and music . Digital reproductions like MP3s have lower sound quality than albums or compact discs -- one of the reasons they 've been slow to embrace iTunes . But if an announcement on that front is coming , Burch said , it would signal an acknowledgement that such quality-control concerns may be obsolete for the majority of the music-buying public . "  It 's just a different audience out there , " he said . "  They 're used to listening on ear buds . The sound quality , in some cases , maybe is n't ' as important to them . " Everett said that , even with all of the news expected Wednesday , the Beatles music will no doubt remain popular for decades to come -- meaning more new wrinkles are almost certain . "  There 's still more that can be done , " he said . "  Who knows where technology may be in another 10 years ? We may have holographic images . " And regardless of how it 's delivered , no one 's expecting another band to ever eclipse the four lads from Liverpool who would go on to shape popular culture the world over . "  There will probably be another artist that comes along and captures the imagination , " Burch said . "  But it will never be like The Beatles . "	9/9/09 a big day for The Beatles "  Rock Band " video game and remastered albums both to be released Apple Inc. expected to make "  music-related " announcement the same day Expert compares The Beatles to Picasso , says their music will endure
In our modern , viral times , sometimes seemingly insignificant events make the difference between oblivion and infamy . Sometimes it 's mere words that lift a person from obscurity to condemnation . In the case of 16-year-old Texan Ethan Couch , it was one . One word . "  Affluenza " . Couch admitted to intoxication manslaughter after causing four deaths in a motor vehicle accident . A psychologist testified in Couch 's adjudicatory hearing in juvenile court that because of the child 's home life , the boy should not receive the maximum 20-year prison sentence prosecutors were seeking . Instead , the judge gave him 10 years of probation for the fatal accident . Outrage followed . Affluenza is a term used by the psychologist testifying for Couch at the disposition phase of the case , to describe children who have a sense of entitlement , are irresponsible , and make excuses for poor behavior because parents have not set proper boundaries . The resulting public anger is understandable : Intoxication manslaughter is always by nature a senseless crime , and sadly not all that uncommon . So then , what about Couch 's case is so much more controversial than other DUI fatalities ? The answer has to do with our perception of the juvenile justice system , and our understanding of the adolescent mind . The other reason : our culture 's firmly entrenched intolerance for spoiled rich kids . Liability vs. disposition If you ask most people , they likely think "  affluenza " was used by Couch as a defense to the crime -- that he sought to avoid all responsibility . But there are two phases of a criminal case , whether in adult court or juvenile court . First is the guilt phase . The main questions asked here are : "  did he do it ? " or "  is he responsible for doing it ? " This is the part of trial that we are most familiar with from TV : where a defendant is found guilty or not guilty by jury verdict . If a child is adjudicated delinquent  the equivalent of "  guilty " in adult court  , the judge moves on to phase two : disposition . In juvenile court , this means the judge determines how to best treat , rehabilitate or supervise the child . Paul Callan : The cure for ` affluenza ' is prison Some of the dispositions mirror the punitive spirit of the adult system , but a juvenile judge has more options : A child can be ordered to pay restitution , have an imposed curfew , or be sent to a secure educational facility . In lesser cases , I 've seen plenty of judges order that apology letters be written , and even given assigned reading of self-help or inspirational books , with a book report due at the next court date . The overall mission of juvenile courts is redemption , not retribution . In Couch 's case , Texas has a relatively tough "  determinate sentencing " scheme in which juveniles can be sentenced to adult terms in prison that begin when the child ages out of the juvenile system . In other words , he could potentially leave juvenile placement when he turns 19 , and be transferred to adult prison to serve the remainder of his time . That 's what the prosecution sought in this case : adult time for the child that would begin when he turned 19 , ostensibly with credit for the time served in the juvenile system  from 16-19 years of age  . So , it 's important to understand that Couch did not assert that he was "  not guilty " by reason of affluenza . Rather , affluenza was raised in the sentencing phase , as a critical piece of "  mitigation . " "  Mitigating circumstances " are not a justification or excuse of the offense in question . That part of the case has already concluded with a verdict or judgment . Rather , mitigating evidence may be considered as extenuating or reducing the degree of moral culpability as the court considers a proper sentence . If we agree that defendants at least have a right to ask for mercy from the court , it follows that they must be able to present reasons for that mercy . Of course , the judge may give this evidence the weight he or she deems appropriate . Affluenza was never going to exonerate Couch . Affluenza only had the potential to be one of several factors considered in arriving at appropriate punishment or rehabilitation . Health : ` Affluenza ' : Is it real ? Other mitigating factors courts consider are school performance , a lack of prior contacts with law enforcement , and a willingness to take responsibility for one 's actions in court . In Couch 's case , for example , we know that he admitted  the equivalent of "  pleaded guilty "  to intoxication manslaughter , which means he took responsibility . Any juvenile legal practitioner will tell you that if these other factors are in the client 's favor , he 's a likely candidate for lenient disposition , particularly if there are no prior arrests . Of course , the tragic deaths of four persons also weighs heavily against Couch in this case . At its core , affluenza was a poorly chosen catchphrase that obfuscated the important underlying point : that , rich or poor , this was another child who , according to an expert qualified by the court , suffered from the same lack of supervision and guidance that plagues millions of American children , irrespective of class . That 's all . Many are offended at this idea because the child comes from a wealthy family . But being so offended reflects a belief that children of wealth can never have any developmental problems , or be neglected in a way that affects their adolescent judgment . Worse , this view suggests that only the working class or poor are entitled to claim environmental or neurological disadvantages . That is an indefensible position . It 's true that society has always had a jaded view of rich youth and their antics . That 's an understandable sentiment -- reality TV alone shoves plenty of privileged , unsympathetic characters in our faces every night . It 's hard for Americans to drum up a lot of sympathy for a Kardashian 's divorce when most of us are watching from a bean bag chair in a studio apartment . But we must separate that resentment from our duty to our children , because all children , rich or poor , are developmentally different from adults . Neuroscience and the Supreme Court : Children are different For millennia , parents have known that children are different from adults in their motivation , judgment and decision-making . Now , in modern times , the science backs it up . But are we prepared to accept the proof ? The Supreme Court has recognized that children lack adults ' capacity for mature judgment , they are more vulnerable to negative external influences , and their character is simply not fully formed . Neuroscience has accumulated significant evidence that the adolescent brain is not fully developed , and may not be fully developed until into adulthood . Studies have shown that the prefrontal cortex in children lacks areas and interconnections critical to planning , motivation , judgment and decision-making . These are not just behavioral observations ; they are backed up by neuroimaging studies . By way of one example , during childhood and early adolescence the brain undergoes a significant "  pruning " of unused synapses , which leads to more efficient neural connections . During adolescence , this activity is seen more in the prefrontal cortex than other brain regions . This , in turn , is consistent with the understanding that adolescence is a time of not-yet-perfected executive functions . The developmental research and behavioral studies are increasingly backed by the neuroscience : As children , our executive functions , such as risk assessment and judgment , are still undeveloped . Of course , a reasonable response to this is : "  Yes , but for every kid who commits a crime , there are millions who do not , who are able to conform their conduct to the law . " Very true . But if we agree that at a certain age , children have no criminal intent , it follows that the maturation of the adult mind is not an overnight process . There is a developmental period . And , according to the behavioral and neurological science , it is a considerable span of time . So it follows that while juveniles should be held responsible for their actions , if their brains are different than adults ' brains , then their intent and therefore their culpability must also be different . Fortunately , the juvenile justice system does not seek to absolve juveniles of all liability ; if it did , delinquency court would not exist . Instead , an understanding of the adolescent mind helps courts fashion the appropriate remedy . Let 's face it : Our society does not like spoiled rich kids , especially when they squander opportunities that most of us did not have , and abuse their position . That is an understandable reaction to a tragedy like this . But we have a duty to rise above that bias and recognize the broader issue : Children are different from adults , and they deserve differential treatment , rich or poor .	Danny Cevallos : The world condemned 16-year-old Texan for defense 's use of "  affluenza " He says many objected to the sentence handed out by judge for DUI manslaughter Cevallos says defense was n't using "  affluenza " to deny guilt but to help influence sentence He says "  affluenza " was poor choice of words but refers to a common lack of guidance
CNN  Fans of the "  Magic Mike " franchise got a hump day treat with a trailer for sequel "  Magic Mike XXL " dropping on Wednesday . The movies , which chronicle the exploits of a group of male strippers in Florida , feature hot breakdancing moves , lots of skin , mounds of muscles -- and crowds of screaming women bearing dollar bills . The "  MMXXL " trailer opens with a masked Magic Mike , played by Channing Tatum , welding metal in a suggestive manner and then breaking into a smooth dance routine to Ginuwine 's "  Pony . " The trailer premiered on "  The Ellen Show . " Its tag line : "  Get back to the grind . " The steamy marketing campaign rides on Tatum 's toned shoulders , but most of the original cast  except now-Oscar winner Matthew McConaughey  is back to bump and grind for the reboot . Viewers can expect more partying , fast cars and sexual entanglements as seen in the first installment . On Tuesday , Tatum tweeted a stripped-down movie poster that announces the release date : Coming July 1 . "  Magic Mike XXL " is counting on the extra sexy trailer and film poster to build on the success of the first movie , which grossed $ 167,221,571 worldwide , according to Box Office Mojo . If reactions are any indication , fans do n't even want to wait for summer to witness the hotness .	` Magic Mike XXL ' will be released in July A steamy trailer was released for the sequel to the movie about male strippers Channing Tatum returns as the titular dancer
CNN  Indonesia has a tough stance on drug smugglers , and since assuming office in October , President Joko Widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes . That tough stance casts a further pall on two Australian drug smugglers , part of the so-called "  Bali Nine . " They are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad after an Indonesian court rejected a last ditch effort to gain clemency from Widodo on Monday . April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot . The 31-year-old Chan has been called the ringleader and 33-year-old Sukumaran has been described as his collaborator . The seven others who took part in the operation are serving lengthy prison sentences for trafficking the drugs . The members of the Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police . Four members of the group were caught at Denpasar International Airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies . Four others , including Sukumaran , were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta . Although he was n't carrying any drugs , Chan was detained after boarding a plane to Sydney . He was named by others as the mastermind of the smuggling plot . While the purported ringleaders have received media attention for years , the other seven members of the Bali Nine have rarely been in the spotlight . Here 's a quick look at the other members of the group : Scott Rush Indonesian prosecutors asked for and received a sentence of life in prison for several of the Bali Nine , who were identified as drug couriers in the operation . That includes Scott Rush of Brisbane , Australia . Rush was 19 when he was captured in Indonesia . He was arrested at Denpasar Airport with more than 1 kilogram of heroin strapped to his body . Michael Czugaj Life in prison was the original sentence for 29-year-old Michael Czugaj , also of Brisbane . Nineteen at the time of his arrest , Czugaj is one of five of the Bali Nine whose sentence was reduced to 20 years in prison , then reinstated at life again . During his trial , Czugaj testified he was lured into the drug scheme with the promise of a free holiday to Bali . He was quoted in news reports as saying his life was threatened , as well as his family 's , if he refused to cooperate with the heroin smuggling operation . Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen Tan Duc Thanh Nguyen from Brisbane , who is now 31 , was one of four drug couriers in the case . He was found in a hotel room on Bali 's Kuta Beach with a small amount of heroin and drug paraphernalia . Si Yi Chen and Matthew Norman The others are Si Yi Chen , 30 and Matthew Norman , 28 , both from Sydney . Foreignprisoners.com quotes Chen as saying he deeply regrets his actions and did not mean to hurt others , especially his family . Norman is quoted on the same website expressing remorse for his actions and hopes that people back home , "  do n't judge me too harshly . " He says he has two sisters including a twin . Foreignprisoners.com is run by Foreign Prisoner Support Service , a nonprofit organization based in South Africa . Martin Stephen and Rena Lawrence The same website details information about Martin Stephens , now 39 , and the only woman in the Bali Nine , 37-year-old Renae Lawrence . Stephens was a former bartender from Towradgi , a suburb of Wollongong in New South Wales . He claims he was forced to travel to Bali and take part in the drug smuggling operation after death threats against his family . Lawrence , from Newcastle in New South Wales , Australia , was arrested with heroin strapped to her body . She claims Chan threatened her life if she did not take part in the scheme . During her court appeal , Lawrence apologized to Indonesia for her actions . Her original life sentence was also reduced to 20 years . During a court appearance in 2006 , Chan denied threatening anyone . He told the Denpasar District Court before his sentencing in February of that year : "  A lot of lies have been said against me , but the true reality is I 'm not what people put me out to be . I 've never threatened anybody in my life . " The Denpasar District Court also dismissed claims that Chan made threats against Lawrence and Rush when the two were sentenced in 2006 . Australia has repeatedly called for clemency for Chan and Sukumaran . Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Monday , "  The Government is disappointed at today 's decision by the State Administrative Court of Jakarta to reject the appeals of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . We understand that the legal team for Mr. Chan and Mr. Sukumaran is considering other legal options . " In a news release posted to the Australian government 's website , Bishop cited the "  extensive rehabilitation " both men have undergone and said she will continue to appeal to her counterpart while Australia continues to "  use all diplomatic options to seek a stay of execution . "	Two Australian drug smugglers , part of the Bali Nine , await word whether they 'll face a firing squad Less is known about the seven other members of the group
CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is trying to avoid extradition from Britain to Sweden over allegations of rape and other sex crimes by seeking asylum at the embassy of Ecuador in London . Assange 's move is dramatic , but he 's not the first person to seek an escape route through a diplomatic mission . Here are some key precedents . Chen Guangcheng . U.S. Embassy in Beijing , 2012 . The self-taught lawyer and activist escaped house arrest one night in April and fled to the U.S. Embassy , where he spent six days before leaving for medical treatment . Chen later flew out of China with his family for a fellowship at New York University . Ecuador grants asylum to WikiLeaks ' Assange Jozsef Mindszenty . U.S. Embassy in Hungary , 1956-1971 . Vocally anti-Communist Hungarian Catholic Cardinal Mindszenty lived in the U.S. Embassy in Budapest for 15 years after the Soviet-led invasion of his country . He finally agreed to go into exile and died in Austria in 1975 . Assange will be arrested if he comes out of embassy in London , police rep. says Svetlana Alliluyeva . U.S. Embassy in New Delhi , India , 1967 . Soviet dictator Josef Stalin 's only daughter got permission to bring her lover 's ashes to India , then defected by walking into the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi and burning her passport . She lived in the United States as Lana Peters until her death last November . Manuel Noriega . Vatican Embassy in Panama City , 1989 . U.S. forces invaded Panama to topple and arrest Noriega , prompting the dictator to seek refuge in the Holy See 's mission . American troops set up large speakers around the compound , blaring music at all hours , a psychological ploy to rattle the general . He surrendered after 10 days and was taken to the United States for trial . He was found guilty of drug trafficking and other crimes . Wang Lijun . U.S. Consulate in Chengdu , China , 2012 . One of China 's best-known police chiefs sought refuge at a U.S. consulate amid a mystery over the death of British businessman Neil Heywood , a family friend of Wang 's boss , top Communist party official Bo Xilai . The case was reopened after Wang 's intervention , which appeared to implicate Bo -- but Wang was taken into Chinese custody when he left the diplomatic mission and has not been seen since . Why Assange needs Ecuador and Ecuador needs Assange	Julian Assange is seeking to avoid extradition by claiming asylum at an embassy Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng spent six days at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing A Catholic cardinal lived in an embassy in Hungary for 15 years Manuel Noriega sought refuge in the Vatican embassy in Panama in 1989
CNN  -- If you 've booked travel online , you may have been there . Nancy Cutter , a travel agent in Charlotte , North Carolina , discusses vacation options with a client . Online travel sites flooded with overwhelming options , all claiming the best deals . Extra fees nestled into the fine print amid blaring advertisements . Pounding 16 digits into the telephone after you 've booked the wrong flight before finally getting a human voice . A few weeks ago , Darin Kaplan , a tech-savvy 27-year-old California restaurant manager , clicked his mouse hundreds of times , surfing the vast choices offered by online travel booking Web sites like Expedia.com and Orbitz.com to plan his 28th birthday cruise to Mexico before he gave up in frustration . "  It 's a cut-and-paste experience when you 're booking online . None of these sites are going to tell me what I can do with different options , " said Kaplan , who uses the Internet for many purchases , including his basketball shorts and music tickets . "  Travel agents know what they are talking about . It 's more comforting to hand my money to someone who has the knowledge and experience . " Some travelers like Kaplan are finding themselves defecting from travel booking sites like Travelocity.com or airline sites like Delta.com . They are going back the travel agent , an industry that many industry experts once thought to be passé with the advent of online booking . Fewer travelers are enjoying using the Web to plan and buy trips , according to a study last week by Forrester Research , a market research company . About 46 percent of U.S. leisure travelers enjoyed using the Internet to book travel this year , down from 53 percent in 2007 . Difficult site navigation and presentation on travel company sites and hotel and airline sites are causing a growing number of travelers to shift away from the Web and consider using alternative methods of booking travel . "  People are saying ' I do n't understand my options , and I would like to talk to someone who can do all the searching and tell me what 's available , ' " said Henry Hartevelt , the analyst who wrote the Forrester study . "  Major travel agencies have absolutely failed in their responsibility to innovate and think of creative new ways to help their customers shop . " In the brick-and-mortar travel agent model , a trained agent meets with the traveler in person or establishes a relationship over the phone . For a fee , they discuss the travel options they have researched . These travel agencies began losing their monopoly on the industry during the late 1990s , when airlines began to sell tickets online and travel giants like Expedia.com exploded onto the scene , quickly gobbling market share by introducing the quick , do-it - yourself model . In 1995 , there were 37,000 brick-and-mortar travel agencies , according to the American Society of Travel Agents . Now , only 18,000 exist after many merged or folded . "  What the Internet has done is given us a nation that knows the price of everything and the value of nothing , " said Bill Maloney , CEO of the American Society of Travel Agents . "  How do you know if a hotel is actually a good value or if it 's overpriced ? You have these online generalists and these individual specialists . " Travel agent Nancy Cutter of Court Travel Ltd. in Charlotte , North Carolina , and a half-dozen other agencies across the country say they have experienced a surge in returning clients , who said travel Web sites were confusing and unhelpful . In several instances , brick-and-mortar agents say they were able to offer deals at the same price as , and even undercut , the travel agent models , dispelling the belief that the cheapest rate is online . Travel agents have deals with suppliers that can sometimes enable them to offer lower prices than on the Web . They also have time to cancel tickets for free , compared with some non-refundable tickets sold on the Web . Expedia.com said it recently waived the fee for travelers changing certain flights . "  Just because you can go out and buy Turbo Tax does n't mean it 's the best answer for everyone , " Cutter said . "  Some people will still go to an accountant . Booking travel can get complicated , and it 's just not as easy as it looks . " Travel agents do n't discount the value of online travel agencies , which can be useful for booking simple , short trips , but they say complex itineraries require more expertise from a professional . Many online travel companies agree that an agent may be valuable in planning a detailed honeymoon that includes a tour of vineyards in France or a family excursion to top snorkeling and kangaroo-watching destinations in Australia . "  If you 're the type of traveler who needs hand-holding up front , then sure , a travel agent would be great , but you can usually find that same information on the Web , " said Brian Ek , a spokesman for Priceline.com , a travel company famous for letting bidders set their own price . He said the agents available by phone at his company can help facilitate a sale and customize cruises for travelers . Online travel companies say they have made functionality improvements on their sites in recent years . For example , Expedia.com , the world 's largest online travel agency , offers a tool that can let customers compare seats on an airplane , with ratings on how comfortable a seat is and how much leg room is available . They also have hotel reviews and even Web tours of rooms to help travelers decide . And , research shows that online travel model is poised to grow . Even in a recession , when companies and individuals are scaling back on travel , Expedia.com saw a 22 percent air transaction growth rate in the last quarter . But Susan D. Tanzman of Martin 's Travel and Tours in California , who has worked as an agent for 35 years , points out that agents follow up with travelers before and after the trip . If the traveler needs help , the agency can offer assistance . They often work 24 hours a day . JoAnne Kochneff , owner of midsize agency Travel by Gagnon in Michigan , said agents can give the personal attention a site can not . Kochneff 's office provides a homey feel , with agents offering freshly baked cookies for clients who stop by to chat about their trips . "  They have personal experience traveling in the area , so they can give you a personal recommendation , " said Frances Mosser , 67 , of Kentucky , on her reason why she switched to the travel agent model this summer . Mosser and her husband booked a trip to St. Melo in France with a travel agent . The agent helped them devise a way to reduce travel time by taking Ryan Air between countries . "  I do n't think we could have planned the trip without her , " Mosser said .	Study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using Web to book travel this year Some Web-reliant travelers are shifting to brick-and-mortar travel agent model Travel agents often specialize in certain countries or tours for complex itineraries Despite recession , Expedia had a 22 percent air transaction growth last quarter
CNN  -- James Franco and Seth Rogen are going above and beyond for their new movie . The pair appeared Sunday in a special episode of the Discovery Channel series "  Naked and Afraid , " and it was ... illuminating . The show features folks dropped into the wild sans clothing ; they must then survive in the wilderness for 21 days . It was obvious that Sunday 's episode was going to be a bit different for the Hollywood BFFs , whose new film "  The Interview " is out December 25 . "  I was hoping to be teamed up with a woman , but I guess Franco is the next best thing , " Rogen said . "  He 's pretty much hairless . Take your glasses off , he 's pretty much a woman . " The naughty bits were blurred , but it did n't seem to matter to Franco , who clearly enjoyed the freedom . "  I 'm actually really comfortable being naked , " he said . "  If I could , I 'd be naked all the time . It 's just that I 'm famous , and if I 'm naked , everyone loves to talk about it , and it becomes an international event . " Participants are allowed to bring one item with them . The ever-practical Rogen brought toilet paper , while Franco brought sunglasses . It was obvious the latter took the adventure lightly as he exclaimed , "  Naked ai n't afraid , even a little bit ! " What followed was plenty of comedy and some awkward spooning . Rogen and Franco have shown that they do n't mind pushing the envelope . Rogen even dropped in on Saturday while Franco hosted "  Saturday Night Live . " They joked about the recent hack of Sony , the studio behind their new film , claiming that the hackers had gotten hold of some sensitive photos of them together . The "  leaked photos " included Rogen teaching Franco how to read , their nude Christmas card and Rogen wearing control-top pantyhose . " "  I was just trying to look slimmer , " Rogen said .	The pair appeared on the Discovery series "  Naked and Afraid " Rogen brought toilet paper with him into the wilderness and Franco shades The BFFs also joked about the Sony hack on "  SNL "
Washington  CNN  -- About 250 veterans gathered today at the World War II Memorial in Washington . They were joined by Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg to mark the premiere of their 10-part HBO series , "  The Pacific . " It was a high-profile public media event , but for me it was personal . For me , it brought back memories of my dad , who fought the Nazis in Europe . When I was 9 or 10 years old , my father took me to a college basketball game . As the clock ran out , a trumpeter in the pep band thought it would be cute to mark the demise of the rival team by playing Taps . Dad was not amused . "  Shut up ! " he roared . The trumpeter played on , oblivious . Dad got to his feet , fists clenched . "  I said , ` Shut up ! ' " Embarrassed , I cringed in my seat . I 'd never seen Dad this upset . But most people in the noisy auditorium were unaware of his wrath . He was drowned out by cheers , and by amused laughter at the cleverness of the trumpeter . Later , Dad explained to me that his strong emotions went back nearly 15 years when he was an officer on Gen. William Woodward 's staff during the 104th Infantry Division 's assault on Nazi Germany . Under the leadership of Maj. Gen. Terry Allen , the "  Timberwolves " fought through Holland , Belgium , and into Germany , seeing unbelievable carnage . Some men became numb to it . Dad told me about seeing a couple of soldiers carelessly tossing bodies into the back of a truck to be hauled away from the battlefield . As Dad watched , a passing officer angrily chewed out the men : "  These are soldiers of the United States Army , " the officer yelled , "  and they will be treated with respect ! " Whenever Dad told that story , his voice would catch . Fast forward . Spring 1995 -- 50 years after the Nazis surrendered and some 35 years after that basketball game . His emotions were still raw as we sat together on the back porch of my home in suburban Atlanta . Over the course of three days , I held a small tape recorder between us as he talked about his life . Not surprisingly , his days in combat with the 104th took up most of the eight hours I captured on tape . Dad was a shy man , placid , slow to anger . Rarely did he show much emotion of any kind , except laughter -- he loved to laugh . So , it was unexpected when , during a taping session , he suddenly broke down and wept . He 'd been describing the day he came across a group of Timberwolf infantrymen who 'd been caught in a crossfire and slaughtered . "  If it had n't been for those guys in the infantry , " he said , swiping at his tears , "  I never would have survived the war . " My dad , N. George DeDakis , remained in the Army Reserves after WWII , retiring as a colonel in 1960 . He practiced law in La Crosse , Wisconsin , and died May 29 , 1996 , at the age of 88 . I went in his place to the 56th Timberwolves reunion in Atlanta August 28 to September 3 , 2001 .  The unit 's final reunion will be September 1 in Chicago .  At the Atlanta reunion , I had a chance to relay Dad 's appreciation of the infantry to several of the veterans I met -- and I listened as many of them talked about their experiences . The memories were old , but the tears were fresh . One told me , "  Think of the worst you could go through -- then double it . " Another said he wrote down his story but hid the manuscript in a safe deposit box for his children to read after his death . "  It 's too awful to talk about , " he explained , "  plus , none of them seem very interested in what I did during the war . " One infantryman recounted the shock and horror of finding the bodies of some of his closest foxhole buddies "  dead in the street . " "  I just shut down completely , " he said . "  My emotions turned to ice . Suddenly , I had no one I could talk to . " "  Could you pray ? " I asked . "  I could until -LSB- the -RSB- Nordhausen -LSB- concentration camp -RSB- , " he replied .  On April 11 , 1945 , the 104th liberated the Mittelbau-Dora camp in Nordhausen , Germany . The bodies of 5,000 starved prisoners were stacked like cordwood and the few hundred survivors were like walking skeletons .  He told me it took years , and the help of several understanding people , to restore in him a semblance of faith . "  How did the war change you ? " I asked several of the men . "  It made me mean , " one man confessed . Some said it took years , and the patience of long-suffering spouses , before they were able to overcome their anger -- anger they did n't even know they had until others pointed it out to them . During my time with these men , I tried to resist my journalistic instinct to probe . Mostly , I listened . It was a rich experience . An experience , I fear , that will be lost forever if more of us do n't encourage these men and women to tell their stories for history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John DeDakis	Vets in D.C. today for kickoff of HBO series "  The Pacific " made John DeDakis think of his dad His father saw carnage during WWII stint as an officer serving in Europe , he says As DeDakis taped his father 's war recollections , his normally placid dad became emotional At a reunion DeDakis talked with his dad 's fellow soldiers about how the war changed them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Three men charged with sexually exploiting Cambodian children are being brought back to the United States to face prosecution , the Justice Department announced Monday . The men are among the first charged under an international law enforcement initiative specifically targeting Americans traveling to Cambodia for the purpose of sexually abusing children . The initiative , Operation Twisted Traveler , is an effort by the Justice Department and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to crack down on sex tourism . "  The men charged in this investigation apparently thought they could pursue their abhorrent desires by leaving the United States to prey on children in another country , but they were sadly mistaken , " U.S. Attorney Thomas P. O'Brien said in a statement . "  We are now working closer than ever with officials in other nations and concerned private parties to take every effort we can to identify and prosecute sex tourists , as well as to provide every protection we can to the world 's children . " Ronald Boyajian , 49 , Erik Peeters , 41 , and Jack Sporich , 75 , are each charged with international travel and engaging in sexual contact with minors , a charge carrying a maximum prison sentence of 30 years , according to the Justice Department . They are slated to make their first appearances in federal court on Tuesday , the Justice Department indicated in a news release . The defendants are charged with international travel and engaging in sexual contact with minors , a charge carrying a maximum prison sentence of 30 years for each of their alleged victims , according to the department . They are charged under the federal Protect Act , enacted six years ago to strengthen federal laws relating to predatory crimes against children outside U.S. borders , the department added . The three defendants were apprehended , according to Immigration and Customs officials , as a result of information provided by the human rights organization International Justice Mission and the group Action Pour les Enfants , which combats child exploitation . All three men have been previously convicted of sex offenses in the United States , the Justice Department noted in its statement . "  These types of cases are disturbing not only because young , defenseless children were victimized in unspeakable ways but also because the defendants went to such lengths to engage in their dark activities overseas , " O'Brien said at a news conference . He highlighted the case against Peeters , who was convicted on child molestation charges in 1990 . "  Our case against Mr. Peeters outlines evidence of him allegedly molesting Cambodian boys , paying them small amounts of money -- $ 5 to $ 10 -- and possibly taking digital pictures of his young victims while they were naked , " O'Brien noted . He said Peeters molested at least three boys in Cambodia over the course of several months . One of the boys was 12 years old when the abuse is said to have started . Boyajian is said to have "  engaged in sexual activity with a 10-year-old Vietnamese girl in an area outside Phnom Penh frequented by child sex tourists known as ` Kilo 11 , ' " the Justice Department statement said . Sporich , according to Action Pour les Enfants investigators cited in the government 's criminal complaint , repeatedly hosted three Cambodian boys at a residence outside the city of Siem Reap . The complaint states that Sporich "  was known to drive his motor bike through the neighborhoods while dropping Cambodian  money  on the street in order to meet kids . " The new charges "  clearly demonstrate to the Cambodian people that the United States will not tolerate this type of abuse , " said Carol Rodley , the American ambassador to Cambodia . "  These cases not only signal to the Cambodian victims our commitment to justice , but they will also act as a powerful deterrent for those individuals who are contemplating traveling to Cambodia to engage in illegal sexual activity with minors . " The International Labor Organization estimates that at least 12.3 million adults and children are victims of forced labor , bonded labor and sex slavery each year . Cambodia is one of several countries recently added to a U.S. "  watch list " because of what a State Department report calls a worsening human trafficking record in that country .	Operation Twisted Traveler is crackdown on U.S. sex tourism in Cambodia Three men being returned to United States , charged under Protect Act Suspects convicted of previous sexual offenses in U.S. , agency says They face sentences of 30 years for each alleged victim
CNN  -- Egypt 's army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi said Saturday that he would run for president if the Egyptian people wanted him to , state media reported . El-Sisi , the country 's defense minister , said that "  If I run for presidency , it would be by the request of the people and by a mandate from my army , as we work within a democracy , " according to the official MENA news agency . El-Sisi 's words come as Egypt prepares to hold a referendum Tuesday and Wednesday on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . If the constitution is passed , elections should follow . El-Sisi also called on people to participate in the referendum . The country has seen months of political turmoil since its first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy of the Muslim Brotherhood , was deposed by the military in July and an interim , military-backed government was installed in his place . Detractors said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values , but Morsy 's supporters say that the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Hundreds died in clashes between Egyptian security forces and Morsy supporters in the weeks which followed his ouster . Many in the Muslim Brotherhood hold el-Sisi , as the military chief , responsible for the bloodshed . In a statement issued amid the crisis , el-Sisi said "  Egypt has room for everybody , and we are keen to save every drop of Egyptian blood . " He added , "  The Egyptian people are free to choose whoever to govern them , while the armed forces will remain the safeguard of the will of the people and of their choice . " Morsy has been in detention since July and faces trial on charges of inciting the murders of at least three protesters outside the presidential palace in late 2012 . The protests were over a constitution that Morsy shepherded into effect . The second session in the trial is due February 1 , after a hearing last week was postponed when bad weather prevented Morsy from being brought by helicopter to court . Morsy has said he does n't recognize the court 's authority , claiming he still is Egypt 's legitimate President . Muslim Brotherhood members have continued their protests , even though the government declared the group a terrorist organization last month . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization .	Egypt 's army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says he may run for president But only if the people want him to , he says A referendum on a new constitution could usher in elections
New Delhi  CNN  -- Here 's the best way to understand the new India in 30 seconds . Watch this commercial -- or better yet , if you do n't understand Hindi , read on . A smarmy-looking politician addresses a rural gathering , promising to give the people access to water . His speech is interrupted by a boyish young man , a villager , who pulls out his smartphone and plays a YouTube video for all to see : it 's the same politician , making the same promises at the last election , years ago . "  I might be from the village , " cries out the young man , "  but do n't think you can fool me ! " The commercial -- marketing an Indian mobile service provider -- cuts to its familiar Hindi jingle , loosely translated as "  no making fools of us anymore , no making fools of us . " The story struck me because it weaves together some important trends and forces in India as the nation undertakes the biggest elections in world history . The first trend is the immense proliferation of Internet-enabled smartphones . In most Western countries , people have discovered the Internet and grown with it in stages : from painfully slow dial-up connections , to broadband , to Wi-Fi , to 4G mobile Internet . India 's story has been very different . Until recently only a small elite -- about a tenth of the population -- could access the Internet , mostly through PCs . Even today , there are only 57 million broadband subscribers in the country , according to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India , or TRAI . By comparison , there are about 900 million mobile subscribers -- a recent boom . Many of these mobile users are buying cheap smartphones and data packages to access the Internet . The offshoot is the opposite of what happens in the West : Hundreds of millions of Indians have never used a PC -- and likely never will -- but they can now begin to access the Internet on their phones . The Internet is aspirational in India ; it 's the new motorbike or washing machine . The second trend is the rise of rural India . Again , according to TRAI , 40 % of mobile subscribers are now in villages and small towns . Even with the recent boom , rural subscriptions are still growing at more than twice the rate of urban ones . These rural subscribers , as the commercial shows , often do n't speak English . But there 's no longer a great shame in being unable to speak the language of their colonial masters ; instead , there 's a new pride and confidence in India 's many regional dialects and languages . There 's new rural money , and a yearning to be stakeholders in their futures and to fight for more accountable government . The third trend is India 's youth bulge . More than 100 million voters in India 's elections are first-timers who turned 18 in the last five years . Half of all Indians are under age 30 ; the average age in India is 28 . Many of these young , brash Indians have cast off the fatalism of their forefathers . Growing up in an India of fast growth and development , they have more confidence in their culture , identity and language . Put that together with trends No. 1 and No. 2 , and the result is amplified . For the first time in India 's history , a majority of Indians are connected and engaged . They know about the skeletons in every politician 's closet -- and that information is power . Some suggest that these trends mean India 's elections will be fought and decided on social media . Politicians have taken their cue , rushing to every platform available : Twitter , Facebook and Google Hangouts . The numbers seem staggering at first . Facebook says Narendra Modi , the front-runner to be India 's next prime minister , is the second most "  liked " politician in the world  13 million likes  , after U.S. President Barack Obama  40 million likes  . According to Twitter , there has been a 600 % increase in political Tweets from India in the last year . Since January the two biggest parties , the BJP and the Congress , have grown their Twitter followings by 55 % and 351 % respectively . India 's Internet and Mobile Association says a strong social media campaign could swing up to 4 % of votes . Commentators have cited that data to brand India 's elections the country 's first-ever "  social media election . " For now , I 'm skeptical . Some of the outreach attempts have been amateur at best : As Vox.com pointed out , the BJP 's Twitter handle last week auto-tweeted anyone who mentioned the party on Twitter , including me and hundreds of others . In any case , the number of actual social media users represents a tiny percentage of the Indian electorate . Facebook says it has 100 million users in India : it sounds like a lot but it accounts for less than a tenth of Indians . One reason for this -- apart from limits to Internet access -- could be that Twitter and Facebook remain English language services , relatable to a small subset of Indians . Unlike China , which has a Chinese-language microblogging service called Sina Weibo , with hundreds of millions of users , India for now has no such indigenous , umbrella platform . Why ? India is no monolith . There are dozens of languages , and an equal number of different Indias . Despite India 's growth and increased connectivity , which suggests a more unified nation , the country may actually be becoming more regional-focused , with more pride in local languages , trends and politicians . This is also why I think it 's far too early to call India 's elections for any one politician or party . The three trends of mobile reach , the rural rise and the youth bulge are each combustible forces bubbling in a cauldron of uncertainty . Indians may want accountability and change , but it 's too soon to tell which way that will manifest itself . It remains unclear whether Indians will vote for their regional interests , or cast their ballot thinking about a macro national picture . Watch India 's elections very closely . They 're immensely consequential -- for India , and the world . But placing too much importance on social media chatter could be misleading . Calling these elections too early could be embarrassing , too . It is , as the ad-jingle goes , a fool 's errand .	A commercial shows India voter catching a politician recycling old , unfulfilled promises Ravi Agrawal : The power of mobile technology is helping shape India 's elections He says other key trends include the new prominence of rural areas and of young voters Agrawal : It 's a mistake to try to predict the outcome based on these trends
CNN  Some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus , a Pentagon official said Tuesday . Speaking at a press conference , the head of U.S. Africa Command , Gen. David Rodriguez , said that while the majority of U.S. troops involved in the mission would not be exposed to the disease , those in mobile testing labs could have contact in that environment . "  They 're all trained at a very , very high level , " Rodriguez told reporters of the lab personnel , who constitute a "  separate , specialty element of the force . " The Pentagon has sent three of these mobile labs to Liberia so far , and expects to send more in the coming months , according to Rodriguez . Each mobile lab is staffed by three or four service members , a fraction of the overall military presence in the country . Last week , Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters there was "  no expectation " that U.S. troops would be "  physically , geographically in a situation where that they should be exposed " to Ebola , though he admitted that risk to lab technicians is higher than the troops . On Tuesday , Rodriguez emphasized that , "  the health and safety of the team supporting this mission is our priority . " "  We will do everything in our power to address and mitigate the potential risk to our service members , civilian employees , contractors and their families , " he said . If a service member contracts Ebola while in Liberia , Rodriguez said they would be flown to the United States in a specially outfitted plane to a facility equipped to handle their case . Three American civilians who have so far contracted the disease while in West Africa were similarly evacuated . But the Pentagon insists they are taking all necessary precautions to keep personnel from becoming infected . Troops are completing special training before they deploy and will have to follow strict protocols in the field , which include frequent washing of hands and feet , as well as temperature-taking . They will also have to fill out questionnaires on their physical condition and any symptoms they might be experiencing . Up to 4,000 U.S. military personnel have been approved for deployment in this effort , which Gen. Rodriguez said would cost an estimated $ 750 million over a six month period .	Some U.S. personnel could be in contact with Ebola in West Africa , Pentagon official says Personnel are trained at "  very high level " for such contact , official says Official : Any U.S. personnel infected would be evacuated in specially equipped plane
CNN  -- London 's abandoned rail and tube lines have been put to many novel uses down the years functioning as bomb shelters , impromptu party venues and film sets for Hollywood movies . But a new idea to create a mushroom garden in a tunnel beneath Oxford Street is perhaps one of the more unconventional attempts to breathe new life into the UK capital 's forgotten subterranean murk . "  Pop Down " imagines a section of the defunct "  Mail Rail " tunnel -- a narrow gauge railway used for transporting mail around London which closed in 2003 -- being repurposed as a mushroom farm and pedestrian walkway lit at street level by glass-fiber , mushroom-shaped sculptures . Its creators , London-based Fletcher Priest Architects , say underground tunnels provide the ideal environment for an urban mushroom farm and could supply pop-up "  Funghi " cafes at the tunnel 's entrance and exit . The idea was recently awarded the top prize in the "  High Line for London " competition run by the UK 's Landscape Institute in partnership with the Mayor of London and the Garden Museum . The competition , which attracted 170 submissions , was inspired by New York 's High Line -- a derelict section of elevated railroad which has been transformed into a park -- with co-founders Joshua David and Robert Hammond joining the judging panel . "  The response to this competition shows how many ideas are just waiting to happen , on , over or under the streets of London , " Hammond said in a statement . Runner-up in the competition was "  The Lido Line " by -LSB- Y/N -RSB- Studio which proposes turning a section of the Regent 's Canal running from Little Venice to Limehouse into a public swimming area . Other entries were also highly commended including an idea for a floating park/farm/wetland near Canary Wharf called "  Barge Walk " and "  Bridge-It " which envisions building parks over , under and besides existing railway lines . "  During this Olympic summer it was clear that London 's public spaces are coming alive as never before . There is now a popular appetite for making our outdoors more useable and more wonderful , " Penelope Curtis , director of Tate Britain said in a statement . Shortlisted submissions will be on show at the Garden Museum until October 21 .	Proposal to build mushroom garden in disused tunnel wins "  High Line for London " competition Idea suggests use of tunnel under Oxford Street and would double as a pedestrian walkway Competition inspired by New York 's High Line with co-creators of the elevated park on the judging panel
CNN  -- Manchester United are now just one point behind leaders Chelsea at the top of the English Premier League , after a double from in-form Wayne Rooney helped them to a comfortable 3-0 home win over West Ham on Tuesday evening . England striker Rooney , who is enjoying the best goalscoring run of his career , has now scored 27 goals this season , as well as finding the net in United 's last six league matches at Old Trafford . Former England striker Michael Owen added a late third goal , to ensure that United head into Sunday 's League Cup final against Aston Villa at Wembley in good heart . Rooney opened the scoring on the stroke of half-time , superbly converting a diving header from Antonio Valencia 's cross . And the 24-year-old doubled his advantage in similar vein in the second half , again finding space to head home another pin-point Valencia cross . West Ham arrived at Old Trafford on the back on consecutive victories that had seen them move away from the relegation zone , but they were always second best here and their fate was sealed when Owen netted his eighth goal of the season from a Paul Scholes through-pass .	Wayne Rooney scores twice as Manchester United defeat West Ham 3-0 Michael Owen scores the other goal to help United claim a comfortable win The result leaves United just a point behind Premier League leaders Chelsea
CNN  -- It was the scene for one of the most famous controversies in soccer history . Did England striker Geoff Hurst 's shot during the 1966 World Cup final at Wembley cross the line ? The Russian who was running the line that day thought so and his decision helped England to a 4-2 win over West Germany -- their only major tournament success to date . Forty-six years later , the same London stadium will provide the setting for a major test of pioneering goal-line technology  GLT  , that could revolutionize the game of football forever . British firm "  Hawk-eye " employ a series of cameras mounted inside the goal frame and their approach will be tested during England 's Euro 2012 warm-up match with Belgium , though none of the information will be available to the match officials . Goal-line technology enters final testing Scientists and FIFA officials will analyze the results and if they prove successful , the technology could be ratified at a meeting of the International Football Association Board  IFAB  in early July . The experiment in front of an estimated crowd of 90,000 at Wembley follows the first Hawk-eye trial at a non-league English cup match earlier this month . An alternative system , designed by German company "  GoalRef " is also in the final stages of testing . It is somewhat ironic the technology is to be examined during an England match as the team were on the wrong end of a refereeing decision at the 2010 World Cup . Frank Lampard 's shot was disallowed during a second round match with Germany despite replays showing the ball was a full yard over the goal-line . That incident in South Africa prompted FIFA to overturn their long-held stance on goal-line technology and begin trials . A statement on FIFA 's website said : "  Only the EMPA observers , IFAB and FIFA representatives at Wembley will have access to the GLT system readings . "  Therefore , should a goal-line incident occur at this or any of the ` test ' matches , the system will not be utilized by the match officials . It means the GLT system will have no influence on the outcome of the matches in which the system is being tested . "  Such tests , along with those being conducted for the GoalRef system in Denmark , could lead to the International Football Association Board approving the introduction of GLT at its special meeting at the beginning of July . " There have been several contentious incidents in the last English season that has renewed calls for the technology to be introduced . Chelsea were awarded a goal in an FA Cup semifinal against Tottenham at Wembley that was shown not to have crossed the line , while Queens Park Rangers defender Clint Hill 's header against Bolton was n't given despite being well over the line . English Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore has said he is keen to introduce the technology next season if it is rubber-stamped by FIFA . FIFA have also confirmed that referees are to be drug tested to check they are not taking performance enhancing substances . At a meeting of the world governing body 's executive committee , chief medical officer Jiri Dvorak said match officials should be subject to the same tests as players . "  We have to consider referees as part of the game , " he was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  We have started to discuss this and this is something for the future which will be discussed to include possibly an anti-doping program for referees . "  We do not have an indication that this is a problem but this is something we have to look at . The referees are a neglected population . "	FIFA to trial goal-line technology during England 's friendly with Belgium at Wembley Hawk-Eye technology wo n't be available for match officials during the Euro 2012 warm up If the tests prove successful goal-line technology could be ratified in early July English Premier League chairman has suggested it could be introduced mid-season
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The three security guards and the driver of an American development expert who was abducted in Pakistan on Saturday have been detained for questioning , a police official said Monday . The four men are not considered suspects at this point , said the official , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Under Pakistani law , police can detain someone for up to 72 hours without charging them with a crime . Investigators have no leads in the case and are not any closer to finding out what happened to the American , whom the U.S. Embassy identified as Warren Weinstein . Weinstein was abducted early Saturday when gunmen , posing as neighbors offering food , pistol-whipped him and his driver and tied up his guards , U.S. Embassy and Pakistani officials said . Weinstein works for J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia , a Pakistani official said . He 's is a world-renowned development expert , with 25 years of experience , according to his company 's website . The site says he was heading what the company described as the "  Pakistan Initiative for Strategic Development and Competitiveness . " As Weinstein 's security guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast early Saturday , three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the Ramadan holy month , according to senior Lahore police official Tajamal Hussain . Once the gate was opened , the three men forced their way in while five other suspects entered the house from the back , Hussain said . The men tied up the three security guards and duct-taped their mouths , he said . They pistol-whipped the driver and forced him to take them to Weinstein 's room , where the men hit Weinstein in the head with a pistol , and forced him out of the house and into a waiting car , Hussain said . He said Weinstein is in his 60s . There has been no claim of responsibility nor any demands by any groups , according to senior police official Awais Ahmed . Weinstein has lived in the residence in an upscale Lahore neighborhood for several years , Ahmed said . Weinstein is a Fulbright Scholar in Belgium and is proficient in six languages , with a doctorate in international law and economics , according to his company website . U.S. Embassy officials are working with Pakistani authorities on the case , Embassy spokesman Alberto Rodriguez said Saturday . The U.S. State Department updated a travel advisory for Americans traveling and working in Pakistan this week , warning that extremist groups operating in the country were continuing to target U.S. and other Western citizens and interests . It cited part of the reason for the advisory as "  reported " abductions of U.S. citizens "  for ransom or personal reasons , " including the kidnapping of a U.S. citizen in Lahore in June . No further details about that incident were released . Abductions are not unusual in Pakistan , though those targeted are typically Pakistani rather than American or Western . In early July , a Swiss couple was grabbed at gunpoint while traveling in the town of Loralai in the volatile southwestern Balochistan province , provincial officials said at the time . Three weeks after their abduction , Pakistani authorities said they believed the couple was still alive . Weinstein 's abduction follows another high-profile incident involving an American in Lahore . Raymond Davis , a CIA contractor , was charged with killing two men in January but was released in March after compensation was paid to their families . Journalists Nasir Habib and Shaan Khan and CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	The men are not considered suspects at this time , a Pakistani police official says Gunmen abducted an American from his Pakistan residence Saturday , authorities say He is identified as Warren Weinstein , the U.S. Embassy says There has been no claim of responsibility , or demands
CNN  -- Defiant authorities in Ecuador say they wo n't bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh former NSA contractor Edward Snowden 's request for asylum . Ecuador 's president and other top officials said Thursday that they 're turning down the trade benefits the United States gives them as part of the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act . "  In the face of threats , insolence and arrogance of certain U.S. sectors , which have pressured to remove the preferential tariffs because of the Snowden case , Ecuador tells the world we unilaterally and irrevocably renounce the preferential tariffs , " President Rafael Correa said Thursday , reiterating comments other officials from his government made earlier in the day . In a fiery speech at an event in Quevedo , Ecuador , the president vowed not to back down . "  It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum , " Correa said . Authorities in Ecuador said they 're still evaluating Snowden 's asylum petition , which has thrust the South American country into the international spotlight as a key player in the global manhunt for the fugitive who has admitted leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs . Snowden , who faces espionage charges in the United States , is slammed as a traitor by critics and hailed as a hero by his supporters . Where can you buy a second citizenship ? For Correa , a left-leaning economist who is known for decrying what he and other Latin American leaders have called U.S. imperialism , the leaker 's case has provided a platform both to espouse his views and to slam his critics . He offered a swift response on social media when a Washington Post editorial this week criticized what the newspaper called a "  double standard " in Ecuador , noting that the country is weighing asylum for Snowden just after it passed new regulations cracking down on press freedoms . "  What a joke ! Do they realize the power of the international press ? They have centered the attention on Snowden and the ` evil ' countries that ` support ' him , making everyone forget the terrible things that he denounced in front of the American people and the entire world , " Correa said in a series of Twitter posts . But even as government officials ratchet up their rhetoric , some in Ecuador have expressed concerns about the effect souring relations with the United States could have on the country . Ecuador-U.S. relations in the spotlight The head of Ecuador 's chamber of commerce on Thursday criticized the government 's decision to withdraw from the trade deal as a "  hostile act " that was "  irresponsible . " Former Vice President Blasco Penaherrera Padilla , a sharp critic of Correa 's government , said it was a decision that would have a "  gravely negative " impact on his country . "  It creates an unsuitable climate for a profitable , productive and positive relationship , which is what Ecuador and the United States should have , " he said . Trade between the United States and Ecuador totaled more than $ 16 billion last year , according to figures from the U.S. Census . About half of Ecuador 's foreign trade depends on the United States . Analysts say the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act , which has allowed Ecuador to import and export goods with reduced tariffs , has fueled growth in trade and commerce between the two nations . On Thursday , a U.S. State Department spokesman warned that Ecuador 's economic ties with the United States could be in jeopardy if the South American country offers asylum to Snowden . "  What would not be a good thing is them granting Mr. Snowden asylum , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell told reporters . "  That would have grave difficulties for a bilateral relationship . " He added that withdrawing from trade agreements is n't exactly an option for Ecuador . "  They 're unilateral trade provisions that provide a benefit to certain Ecuadorian products , " Ventrell said . "  Whether they 're renewed or not is a prerogative of the U.S. Congress . " Ecuador offers $ 23 million to the United States The agreement is set to expire next month . Many believed it would n't be renewed , said Vicente Albornoz , dean of economics at the University of the Americas in Quito . That could make Correa 's announcement Thursday a wise political move that will bolster his support at home , but cost the country relatively little , Albornoz said . "  He is giving up something that we did not have , because it was evident that the ATPDEA was not going to be renewed , " Albornoz said . "  It 's like if I withdraw from winning the lottery when I have n't bought a ticket , and I announce that I wo n't accept first prize . " Jorge Leon , an Ecuadorian sociologist , warned that Ecuador 's role in the Snowden case could have a chilling effect on investors . "  Ecuador is searching for investors , and this image of going more and more to a radical position on the left does not generate tranquility , " he said . But the Snowden case and Ecuador 's decision last year to grant asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange have helped Correa promote his image as a leftist leader in the region , Leon said . "  They help him gain credibility on the leftist scene , " Leon said . On Thursday , Ecuadorian officials offered to give $ 23 million annually -- roughly the same amount officials said that Ecuador receives in benefits from the tariff deal -- to the United States . The money , Communications Secretary Fernando Alvarado told reporters Thursday morning , could be used for human rights training . By Thursday evening , Correa did n't show any sign of changing his government 's tune , vowing to make the decision regarding Snowden 's asylum request with absolute sovereignty and without regard to any trade deals or other international pressures . "  Our dignity , " he said , "  does n't have a price . " CNN 's Adriana Hauser , Matthew Chance and Michael Pearson and journalist Andres Lopez contributed to this report .	Ecuador says it 's turning down a tariff deal with the U.S. and wo n't bow to pressure Correa : "  It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum " Some in Ecuador are worried about the impact of souring relations with the United States Ecuador is weighing an asylum request from fugitive former NSA contractor Edward Snowden
CNN  -- Andrew Niccol 's "  In Time " is the winner of this year 's "  Most Obvious and Pun-Filled Allegory " competition and while it gets points for an excellent premise , some fine acting and for being , occasionally , genuinely exciting , the execution of the idea fails far more often than it succeeds . "  In Time " is set in some future time/alternate reality Los Angeles  the locations are referred to as Dayton and New Greenwich but it 's all too obviously L.A.  where humans cease aging at 25 with only an additional one year on their internal clocks , displayed as a sub-dermal , glowing digital countdown on their forearms . Everyone in the film is young and  mostly  beautiful and aside from running out of time , people can only die by acts of violence , random or otherwise -- disease is apparently nonexistent . But more time can be earned  or stolen  so those who are wealthy live , while those who are poor die . As a result , the poor take risks because they have nothing to lose , while the rich play it very safe , some refusing to take even minuscule physical risks like swimming in the ocean . The poor , those short on time , live in Dayton  downtown L.A. , near the river  and if they have jobs at all , they live literally day-to-day , hoping that they can get enough work to purchase another day on their clocks . Those without jobs resort to begging or "  fighting , " a sort of arm-wrestling for time . Many work in a factory that makes time storage devices that can be used to move time around from place to place or person to person , like a wallet with money in it . As with most films set in a poor neighborhood , the denizens of Dayton have dreams . In general , to have enough time so that they can live a decent life without having to wake up every day thinking it 's their last . They are literally slaves to time , forced to either beg , steal or work at sub-standard wages simply in order to live . While this set-up should give ample opportunity for visual and emotional shock , Dayton is spectacularly clean and well organized for what 's essentially a factory slum . The only indication that the locals are in any peril at all is the  very  occasional shot of a dead "  timed out " body on the street . You 'd think it would happen more often . Justin Timberlake plays Will Salas , a factory worker whose personal dream is to be able to celebrate his mother 's birthday in the rich playground of New Greenwich  which looks very much like Century City and Malibu  and early on , it looks like he might have achieved that dream when he suddenly finds himself with over a century of time . In a local bar , Salas rescues Henry Hamilton , a suspiciously well-dressed stranger  "  White Collar " star Matt Bomer  from a group of time thieves called Minute Men , who "  clean the clocks " of their victims . However , it turns out that the rescued man was trying to die . He 's 105 and has simply grown tired of living . Having been thwarted in his initial attempt at suicide , Hamilton gives Will all but a few minutes of his life while the latter man is asleep , leaving him the message "  do n't waste my time , " hoping that Will will do something worthy with his new found riches . Lo and behold , before Will is able to enjoy his windfall a personal tragedy sets him on his path towards addressing the injustices of the world , by single-handedly  at first  destroying the "  monetary " system . If it were only that easy , eh ? After arriving in New Greenwich , he quickly attracts the attention of not only one of the richest men around  Philippe Weis , played by a perfectly smug Vincent Kartheiser  but also that of his daughter , Sylvia  Amanda Seyfried  . Coming from the "  wrong side of the tracks , " Will proves to be an oddity among the swells , as he knows how to live and take risks , like swimming in the ocean or driving a car really fast on the empty Pacific Coast Highway . While the setting of the film is ostensibly in the future , everyone is driving vintage Lincolns and Jaguars  although they do have the whine of electric vehicles  and people use pay phones . While of course it 's perfectly OK for a future vision to have seemingly anachronistic touches , these play like prosaic failures of imagination . If you 're going to ground a science fiction story in such mundane realities , at least give a reason why . Timberlake continues to prove that his prolonged hiatus from music is a well thought out decision . For all the success his recording career brought him , it 's entirely possible that he has a brighter career as an actor . He is as capable here at action adventure as he was at broad comedy in "  Friends With Benefits . " I could easily see him in a musical or a straight drama . Seyfried , her doe-eyes framed with a cute bob a la Anna Karina or even more apropos , Faye Dunaway in "  Bonnie and Clyde , " does her level best with what she 's given , but her "  rich girl with a rebellious streak " is n't as well-developed a character as it could be.It 's never really clear if Sylvia 's transition from slightly rebellious rich girl to full-on criminal is due to her belief in Salas ' Robin Hood-esque cause or to her having the hots for him . I suspect it 's both , but the former aspect is n't really fleshed out . The real crime here is that there is a potentially great movie in the premise . The concept of a brutally fascist world were time is literally money and where the poor are haunted and driven by the specter of impending death is an intriguing one . Alas , Niccol 's screenplay does n't quite nail it , giving us a flat , uncomplicated story , some rather herky-jerky character development and an endless stream of absurd plot points . Yes , there are some legitimately suspenseful moments , but not enough to make up for the rest . There is a lot of dramatic fodder in the story of a future as horrific as this one and "  In Time " does n't really take advantage of the opportunities . It 's not nearly as menacing or terrifying as its premise suggests and it does n't say much , except in the simplest It 's - bad-when-rich-people-hoard-resources fashion . I 'm curious as to what a filmmaker like Sidney Lumet , Alan J. Pakula or William Friedkin would have done with as rich of a set-up . The fact that "  In Time " could have been an exceptional film is the most upsetting part . I would rather it have been a truly bad film than a mediocre film with the specter of greatness hovering just out of reach . "  In Time " is rated PG-13 . There 's a fair amount of gun violence , death , the occasional four-letter word  and their various variants  an underwater bare bottom , and some clothed sexual suggestions .	Justin Timberlake plays Will Salas , a factory worker in a race against time Hamilton gives Will all but a few minutes of his life Tragedy sets him on his path towards addressing the injustices of the world
CNN  -- In the world of diving , this is as good as it gets . Standing on a platform some 27 meters high with Bilbao 's Nervion River flowing underneath , the view from La Salve Bridge is something to behold . The spectacular Guggenheim Museum provides a breathtaking backdrop for those brave enough to leap into the water from a platform three times higher than those used at the Olympic Games . The Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series brings together some of the best in the business and the 52,000 which flocked to see the likes of Russia 's Artem Silchenko and overall champion , Gary Hunt , were not to be disappointed . The 14 men from across the world produced a number of breathtaking dives , hitting the water at 85 kilometers an hour during the event which has been held every year since 2009 . While Silchenko won the Bilbao event , Hunt finished second as the Briton secured his fourth world title in five years .	The 2014 Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series took place in Bilbao Divers leap from 27 meters and hit water at 85 kilometers an hour Around 52,000 spectators turned out for the event Final event in Yucatan , Mexico , on October 18
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The mother of Kristi Cornwell , whose remains were discovered nearly a year and a half after she disappeared , said on Monday she is thankful to finally be able to bring her daughter home . "  We did n't want it to end this way , but that 's the way it is . And we can bring her home now , " said Jo Ann Cornwell , fighting back tears . "  I know in my heart she 's in heaven and we 'll see her again . " She spoke the same day authorities said tests conducted on bones found in Georgia revealed they are Kristi Cornwell 's remains . The positive identification was made through dental records , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said in a statement . Kristi Cornwell , 38 , was last seen walking along a road in northern Georgia the night of August 11 , 2009 . Her brother , acting off a tip from the bureau , found the remains Saturday in a wooded area about 9 miles from where she was last seen . The site where the bones were discovered is in Union County , in far northern Georgia . Investigators believe Cornwell 's disappearance could be related to a December 2009 incident in Ranger , North Carolina , in which a woman was attacked by a man driving a late model Nissan Xterra , the GBI said . In April , investigators were led to the home of 42-year-old James Scott Carringer , who was suspected of rape in Gilmer County , Georgia . Carringer , who killed himself as police tried to arrest him on the rape charges , also owned a silver Xterra and was originally from Brasstown , North Carolina , not far from Ranger , the GBI said . Beyond those details , the bureau did not specify why investigators believe the two cases are linked . "  Because we have no direct evidence , this will remain an active and open investigation at GBI . We are still pursuing investigative leads as they relate to Carringer , " said GBI Director Vernon Keenan . He said investigators were led to the area where Kristi 's remains were discovered by cell phone records that indicated Carringer had been nearby the night she disappeared . "  We believe that he was a career criminal and we do not know how much harm he has done , " said Keenan . Last summer , on the one-year anniversary of Cornwell 's disappearance , the GBI said it had conducted interviews at 450 houses in the Union County area , and that its file on the case had grown to 40 volumes . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : The brother of the missing woman finds her remains NEW : "  I know in my heart she 's in heaven , " says Kristi Cornwell 's mother Positive ID is made through dental records The bones were found about 9 miles from where Cornwell was last seen
CNN  -- My early childhood was a bit of a trip . I was born in the United Kingdom , then moved to Portugal , Venezuela and eventually New Jersey . When I was about 7 , I had a series of severe ear infections . At the time , my family had no money , and we did n't have insurance , so there was no option to take care of it . I ended up losing full hearing in my right ear and 80 % hearing in my left . When I began attending public school , I did n't understand how the severity of my hearing loss would affect me ; neither did my parents or my teachers . There were many issues when it came to grades due to miscommunication between the teachers and me . They often thought I was ignoring them . Eventually , when I was 11 , my parents started to pick up on it , which led to a doctor visit . My mother and I were told that I had significant hearing loss and that the hearing I had left was not guaranteed to stay . My mother had a hard time dealing with the news at first . It was one more obstacle that we were going to have to deal with as a family , and she knew it was bound to cause a hard time for me at school . When it came time to decide whether to go to a school for the deaf or continue in public school , I made the choice to stay where I was . My mother was a bit uncomfortable with the situation , but my fear of being labeled as different played a big part in my decision . I also decided I was just going to keep my hearing loss to myself . Eventually my friends figured it out . It did n't really change anything between us , but from time to time , some other kids would make fun of me . One day in middle school a kid started making fun of me and mocked his own stereotypical idea of what a deaf person would speak like . One of my good friends , Chad Foster , stopped me from thinking or doing anything negative and told me it was n't worth it . He said there will always be ignorant people like that in life , and I just have to brush it off -- to be me and that 's all that mattered . He also told me he had my back . But I still had trouble looking at school the same way . That incident brought reality into my life at an early age , so I kept to myself with my close friends . My career as a DJ began in college . My parents owned a restaurant , and my father gave me the opportunity to DJ a party one night . I immediately fell in love with the turntables and began to DJ more and more . From there I started DJ ` ing at clubs in the tri-state area , from New Jersey to New York to Connecticut , and eventually also in Atlanta and Chicago . I started to get a following in those states , even as I continued to attend Kean University to get my bachelor 's degree in biology . Then I had to drop out of college my junior year due to financial trouble in a bad economy . DJ rocks despite hearing loss However , I stuck with my passion of spinning music , and after nearly a decade , I was granted a great opportunity . Hewlett-Packard took notice of what I was doing and what my movement stood for . We shot and aired a global commercial , which began a positive snowball effect for my career . Doctors tell me there is a procedure that could restore my hearing . One day , when I have the time and money to get my hearing fixed , I probably will have the procedure done . But right now , I need to be on the forefront with my team , fighting for the issues in society that are too often overlooked . I intend to do so through my career in music and philanthropy . Plus , there are just some things in life better off not being heard . When it comes down to it , life 's not about all the small negative things you encounter . It 's about being yourself and doing what you love to be happy . If you love something so much and have great passion for it , then just go for it . My team and I like to use the expression "  Why not ... ? " Just ask yourself , why not ?	DJ Robbie Wilde lost full hearing in his right ear and 80 % in his left Wilde tried to keep hearing loss a secret in school , but other students knew and mocked him Wilde says he 's found his passion spinning music ; he loves to do what makes him happy
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration said Friday its officers at a Texas airport appear to have properly followed procedures when they allegedly forced a woman to remove her nipple rings -- one with pliers -- but acknowledged the procedures should be changed . The woman involved -- Mandi Hamlin -- told reporters earlier Friday she was humiliated by last month 's incident , in which she was forced to painfully remove the piercings behind a curtain as she heard snickers from male TSA officers nearby . The incident occurred at the Lubbock , Texas , airport . The officers "  rightly insisted that the alarm that was raised be resolved , " the TSA said in a statement posted on its Web site Friday afternoon . "  TSA supports the thoroughness of the officers involved as they were acting to protect the passengers and crews of the flights departing Lubbock that day . " However , "  TSA has reviewed the procedures themselves and agrees that they need to be changed , " the statement said . "  In the future , TSA will inform passengers that they have the option to resolve the alarm through a visual inspection of the article in lieu of removing the item in question . " Hamlin and her lawyer , celebrity attorney Gloria Allred , said they want a public apology from the agency , as well as a guarantee that future passengers with piercings will be treated with dignity and respect . Allred pointed out that TSA 's Web site says passengers with piercings can undergo a pat-down inspection if they do not want to take their piercings out -- an option she said Hamlin was never offered . "  The conduct of TSA was cruel and unnecessary , " Allred told reporters at a news conference . "  Last time that I checked , a nipple was not a dangerous weapon . " She said if an apology was not forthcoming , "  Mandi is going to have to consider her legal options . " Attempts by CNN to reach Allred for a response to the TSA statement Friday afternoon were unsuccessful . TSA said in its statement it acknowledges "  that our procedures caused difficulty for the passenger involved and regrets  the  situation in which she found herself . We appreciate her raising awareness on this issue and we are changing the procedures to ensure that this does not happen again . " The incident occurred February 24 as Hamlin , 37 , was preparing to fly to Dallas-Fort Worth from Lubbock , where she had been visiting her elderly great-uncle . Hamlin said she also has navel and ear piercings and has never set off a metal detector or been singled out for additional screening at an airport . She did not set off the metal detector at Lubbock International Airport , but was pulled to the side for additional screening , Allred said . A hand wand used by a TSA officer beeped when it was waved over her breasts . Hamlin told the officer she had nipple piercings , Allred said , and that officer called over another officer , who told her she would need to remove them . "  Ms. Hamlin did not want to remove her nipple piercings , " Allred said , reading from a letter she sent TSA . "  After nipple rings are inserted , the skin can often heal around the piercing and the rings can be extremely difficult and painful to remove . In addition , once removed , the pierced skin may close up almost immediately , making it difficult and painful to reinsert the piercing . " More officers were called over , and the group grew to four male and two female TSA officers , according to Hamlin . Also , a small crowd of onlookers had started to gather . The officers insisted that Hamlin remove the nipple rings , Allred said . "  She felt humiliated by the scene that the TSA officers were making , " Allred said . "  With tears streaming down her face , she again asked to show the piercings to a TSA officer instead of having to remove them . She was told , however , she would not be allowed to fly unless she removed them . Had she been told that she had a right to a pat-down , she would have chosen that option . " She eventually was taken to a private area behind a curtain to remove the piercings , Allred said . One came out easily , but the other would not , and she called to an officer that she was having trouble and would need pliers . She was handed a large pair , Allred said . "  As Ms. Hamlin struggled to remove the piercing , behind the curtain she could hear a growing number of predominately male TSA officers snickering in the background , " Allred said in the letter . "  Mandi Hamlin was publicly humiliated . ... Clearly , this is not how passengers should be treated . " Watch the passenger demonstrate removing the jewelry " Afterward , Hamlin underwent another scan , but realized she had forgotten to remove her navel ring . She offered to remove it , Allred said , but an officer told her it was not necessary because he could see it . Hamlin wondered why a similar visual inspection of her nipple rings would not have sufficed , Allred said . "  I would n't wish this experience upon anyone , " Hamlin told reporters . "  I felt surprised , embarrassed , humiliated and scared . No one deserves to go through this . " In a statement earlier Friday , the TSA said it "  is well aware of terrorists ' interest in hiding dangerous items in sensitive areas of the body . Therefore , we have a duty to the American public to resolve any alarm that we discover . " TSA included in its statement a picture of a prototype training device it will use to simulate a "  bra bomb " in training and testing its officers . Hamlin said she had to visit the person who originally pierced her nipples to get the rings reinserted , and said the process was excruciatingly painful because of the scar tissue that had formed . "  People who are pierced should not be snickered at , should not become the object of ridicule , should not be singled out for special and uneven and unequal treatment , " Allred said . "  They should be respected just like everybody else . " She said she had received a call from TSA 's public affairs office Friday morning . "  We hope that means they 're going to jump on this and do something about it , " she said . "  We want TSA to do the right thing now . We 're going to give them the opportunity . " Hamlin said she will continue to fly but will avoid the Lubbock airport . The next time she visits her great-uncle , she said , "  I will be driving . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : TSA backs officers who made passenger remove nipple rings NEW : Agency acknowledges that procedures need to be changed Agent using handheld metal detector at Lubbock airport found piercings Woman says she heard male agents snicker as she removed rings
I got an urgent call from the doctor . Come to my office immediately , he said . The test results have arrived . A few days earlier , I suddenly felt so ill that I asked the doctor to test for everything and find out why I had been feeling this way . Two months prior , my new husband and I returned from our honeymoon in the South Pacific . He became severely ill on the 11-hour flight home . His headache and high fever lasted for days but then went away before his doctor could determine the cause . And now I felt horrible . Nothing in life prepared me for the test results . Had the doctor said "  you have diabetes , " that would have made sense . My mother and grandfather had diabetes . But when he said "  you have HIV , " it blew my mind ! And it made no sense , no sense at all . In the next breath the doctor said "  your husband needs a test " and "  you need to contact everyone you 've had sex with to tell them you have HIV , they all need to get tested . " "  Fortunately for you , " he said , "  I have expertise in this area . " He sent me to his office 's social worker who asked if my husband would become violent with news of the diagnosis . She filled the rest of our time together trying to connect with me , sharing stories of her excessive drinking habits , as if I could relate . I called my husband and asked him to meet me at home . I broke the news to him about the diagnosis and got him tested . My new husband also tested positive for HIV . The doctor told us that I had the disease for a long time and did not prescribe me any medication . He also said I gave my husband the virus so he prescribed antiretroviral drugs for him . How could this happen ? Was this a death sentence ? How long did we have to live ? What did we need to do ? And oh my God ! The doctor says I 'd given my new husband a disease of the "  wicked and amoral . " Without any question , he and his staff decided I was a whore and/or addict . This was stunning ! I was a wreck . It was only later that I discovered e-mails that proved my husband had been living life on the "  down low " -- secretly having unprotected sex with many men -- and had likely given me the disease . That was 2000 , more than 10 years ago . I still live . In fact , I thrive . Looking back , I realized I was very fortunate . Several weeks after the diagnosis , I was referred to a therapist who really was an expert in HIV/AIDS . He was my sole support in navigating the strange and disturbing world of HIV . It was hard . My therapist 's first task was supporting me in finding a medical doctor with HIV/AIDS infectious disease credentials . Fortunately , I had the financial resources to pay for therapy as my life slowly and painfully unraveled . For me , my therapist showed me why mental health care was as important in treating HIV as a knowledgeable , supportive medical doctor . But most others are n't so fortunate . Fear of judgment and discrimination force people diagnosed with HIV or AIDS to live in isolation . Lack of money and access to support services prevent them from getting the emotional help required to cope in a life-affirming way . With the stigma of getting HIV/AIDS , coupled with the myth that life is over , I felt like the entire system was telling me to go into the corner and die . But it does n't have to be that way . For women like me -- heterosexual , vibrant , who may have contracted HIV through their male partner -- there needs to be more resources available to help us deal with the mental landmines that this situation creates . Too many people in our society are grossly uninformed and still cling to misguided beliefs about HIV/AIDS . Consequently , the lack of accurate information about HIV/AIDS increases the risk of transmission and decreases the likelihood for women to escape the downward spiral . At first , as a working professional and career engineer , I was fortunate to have access and the ability to pay for extensive mental health care . But tending to this crisis eventually cost me my career , and then the money ran out . It was n't until I was the subject of a segment on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " in September 2010 that my struggle started to gain more meaning . I found there were many more women out there like me . According to Kathleen J. Sikkema , a professor of psychology and neuroscience at Duke University , "  Persons living with HIV/AIDS have disproportionately high rates of psychiatric disorders , with mood and anxiety disorders being the most common . " Yes . That was me . Depression . Post-traumatic stress disorder . Ca n't go to sleep . Ca n't get out of bed . These were all foreign concepts to me until I was diagnosed . I had little background in dealing with mental illness , HIV and even less experience in how to get help . So I launched the BridgetB Foundation . "  BridgetB " was my Jane Doe alias used during a lengthy court battle with my former husband , a battle that went all the way to the California State Supreme Court and resulted in a $ 12.5 million negligence and fraud judgment against him . And no , I have yet to see a penny from him . The new foundation is dedicated to providing access to mental and other health services for American women with HIV while respecting their need for privacy . We have a lot of work to do . HIV is deadly serious , but it does n't have to be a death sentence . However , without access to mental health services to help women cope with the inevitable struggles , too often it is . Today , I am doing well . The loves of my life -- my daughter , her father  both HIV negative  -- and I are living each day to its fullest . And we know tomorrow will be even better . We got help .	Bridget Gordon : In 2000 , I found out I have HIV , and that my new husband has it , too Gordon : I was a wreck , I asked : How could this happen ? Was this a death sentence ? She says luckily she found a therapist who helped her navigate her through the crisis Gordon : For those who live with HIV/AIDS , access to mental health care is critical
New York  CNN  -- As a symbol of communication , refuge or romantic longing , the pay phone is an enduring cultural icon . Witness John Cusack braving a downpour to call his girl in "  Say Anything ... , " Tippi Hedren under attack in Hitchcock 's "  The Birds " or Clark Kent , that intrepid reporter , dashing into a phone booth to become Superman . With the rise of mobile phones over the past decade , pay phones have been disappearing . New York City had a high of 35,000 pay phones in the late 1990s . Today , there are only about 11,400 , according to the city . Nationwide , the number of pay phones has dropped from approximately 2.1 million in 1999 to around 425,000 today . But thanks to some new initiatives , pay phones may not be doomed to fade from the urban landscape like penny-farthings and oil-lit street lamps . Anyone with a cell phone knows that connectivity is not always guaranteed -- especially not during emergencies , when networks are overloaded . In the wake of Superstorm Sandy , which pounded the Northeast in late October , many New Yorkers found themselves without power and without mobile service . To communicate with the rest of the world , they took to pay phones . "  I wanted to call my mom , but my cell phone was n't working . I remembered there were two pay phones on the corner of my street , " said Ashley Freskos , 30 , who works in men 's fashion in Manhattan , and at the time , lived in the Lower East Side where electricity and mobile phone service were knocked out by the storm . "  I had n't really used a pay phone since I was 14 , before I got a cell phone . I did n't even know if they still worked , " she said . "  My mom did n't even pick up  at first  when I called because she did n't recognize the number . " Pay phone volume across New York City 's five boroughs rose tenfold during Sandy , said Peter Izzo of Van Wagner Communications , which operates 4,200 pay phones in the city . "  Pay phones are the last life line of communication for the poor in America , " said Willard Nichols , president of the American Public Communications Council . More than 750 million calls are placed on pay phones per year , he said . "  There 's no question that pay phones are critical when there is an emergency , " Nichols added . "  We saw in Sandy the same as Katrina . There were still pay phones working in New Orleans during the height of the storm when all other communication was out . " When all hell breaks loose , a pay phone is a good bet . But to stay relevant , the pay phone of the future needs to offer valuable services at all times , not just during emergencies . So the city of New York is trying to give the humble pay phone an upgrade . In July the city created Wi-Fi hotspots at 10 payphone kiosks in three of its boroughs , the first step in a pilot program designed to make wireless access available to as many people as possible in the city . And this month Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a new initiative the city hopes will rejuvenate the city 's remaining public pay phones . The Reinvent Payphones Design Challenge dares students , technologists , designers , policy experts and urban planners , to come up with new solutions to take advantage of the existing pay phone framework and shape the future of public communications infrastructure . "  We 're challenging our dynamic and ever-growing tech community to 'Re - Own the Phone ' and provide their ideas on what the future of payphones could entail , " said Bloomberg . Several pilot programs in New York already use existing payphone infrastructure , from digital advertising on phone kiosks in Times Square to interactive touchscreens around Union Square . But the new contest hopes to create a new purpose for the pay phone . "  What 's unique about the pay phone network in New York is that the reliability of service is overwhelming -- and not just in hurricanes , " said Izzo , citing the blackout of 2003 and the chaos of Sept. 11 , 2001 . Izzo credits the "  spider web " like network of copper wire , paired with coaxial and fiber crossing underneath city streets , for the network 's durability . "  There 's no single ` choke point ' to disrupt the service , " he said . "  It 's a matter of taking the existing infrastructure and making something new that people need . That copper wire is an old technology , but it still works . "	With the rise of mobile phones over the past decade , pay phones have been disappearing But thanks to some new initiatives , pay phones may not fade from the landscape In the wake of Superstorm Sandy , many New Yorkers relied on pay phones A new NYC initiative seeks to rejuvenate the city 's remaining public pay phones
CNN  -- Football superstar , celebrity , fashion icon , multimillion-dollar heartthrob . Now , David Beckham is headed for the Hollywood Hills as he takes his game to U.S. Major League Soccer . CNN looks at how Bekham fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United , and his time playing for England . The world 's famous footballer has begun a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy team , and on Friday Beckham will meet the press and reveal his new shirt number . This week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of Beckham , as CNN 's very own "  Becks , " Becky Anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick -- as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon . It 's a long way from the streets of east London to the Hollywood Hills and Becky charts Beckham 's incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer . She goes in pursuit of the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the U.S. and along the way explores exactly what 's behind the man with the golden boot . CNN will look back at the life of Beckham , the wonderfully talented youngster who fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United , his marriage to pop star Victoria , and the trials and tribulations of playing for England . We 'll look at the highs  scoring against Greece  , the lows  being sent off during the World Cup  , the Man . U departure for the Galacticos of Madrid -- and now the Home Depot stadium in L.A. We 'll ask how Beckham and his family will adapt to life in Los Angeles -- the people , the places to see and be seen and the celebrity endorsement . Beckham is no stranger to exposure . He has teamed with Reggie Bush in an Adidas commercial , is the face of Motorola , is the face on a PlayStation game and does n't need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line . But what does the star couple need to do to become an accepted part of Tinseltown 's glitterati ? The road to major league football in the U.S.A. is a well-worn route for some of the world 's greatest players . We talk to some of the former greats who came before him and examine what impact these overseas stars had on U.S. soccer and look at what is different now . We also get a rare glimpse inside the David Beckham academy in L.A , find out what drives the kids and who are their heroes . The perception that in the U.S.A. soccer is a "  game for girls " after the teenage years is changing . More and more young kids are choosing the European game over the traditional U.S. sports . E-mail to a friend	Beckham has agreed to a five-year contract with Los Angeles Galaxy New contract took effect July 1 , 2007 Former English captain to meet press , unveil new shirt number Friday CNN to look at Beckham as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon
CNN  -- Imagine a bicycle that was more than a means to get you to work in the morning , but a personal assistant to boot . It could shield you from oncoming traffic , look up weather conditions in advance , anticipate the road ahead and make adjustments to your journey . Imagine it could also double as smog filter , fit compactly on your bookshelf , and even fly . Okay , so your bicycle wo n't be able to do all those things at once , but hey , any one of those features makes for a pretty cool ride . Want to know what the future will bring ? Read on to see how tomorrow 's bicycles might look . The smog muncher As a mode of transportation , bikes are about as environmentally friendly as it gets . The Bangkok based Lightfog Creative and Design Company , however , has upped cycling 's already soaring ecological ante with its concept for an air-purifying bike . It has a carbon monoxide and dust filter mounted at the front and the theory is that with the help of a lithium-ion battery , the aluminum frame would use electricity to generate oxygen from an onboard water tank . At the moment , the idea exists solely as artistic renderings  the company has yet to make a prototype , though one is supposedly in the works  . Still , the idea shows potential , as evidenced by the fact that it recently won a Red Dot design award . "  Star Wars " speeder According to Hollywood 's many depictions of the future , we should all be making our travels via flying car or hover board . While the present-day is irksomely Earth-bound , there was recently a modest nod to the world we 've been promised for decades by the entertainment industry . California-based engineering company Aerofex has created a flying "  hover bike " that looks like it was plucked from the set of Star Wars . The "  Jedi bike " floats with the help of ducted fans , and is fairly low-altitude  soaring up to a maximum 15 feet -- 4.6 meters  . Read more : The 18 propeller helicopter The current version is only a proof-of-concept used for development , but Aerofex says it is now working now on a production version . Alas , it is unlikely the bike will ever be available for popular consumption , but will likely be limited to agricultural and humanitarian uses . The smartest bike in the room First conceived at MIT 's SENSEable City Lab , the Copenhagen Wheel is a wireless device that turns any ordinary bike into an electronic hybrid . The wheel captures energy when the rider is going over easy terrain  i.e. downhill  and stores it in a battery pack . Conversely , the saved energy is used to give riders an electronic push when traversing difficult landscapes . The device has a sensor which learns the rider 's individual style , and also anticipates aspects of the ride ahead , including road conditions and carbon monoxide levels . Riders are also able to control the wheel with their smartphones ; they can lock and unlock it , track usage statistics  including calories burned and elevation climbed  and select a level of motor assistance . Startup Superpedestrian brought the wheel to the market last month , and has started taking pre-orders for $ 799 . Laser footprint In the last few years , the number of cyclists on the road has skyrocketed , which is great for many reasons . Unfortunately , the amount of cyclist casualties has risen dramatically as well . To combat the problem , a physics student from Brighton University , in England , invented Blaze , a front-mounted lamp that projects a green laser image five meters in front of a bicycle to let other road users know it is coming . The aim is to help prevent vehicles from turning across a cyclist 's path by increasing his or her "  footprint " on the road . Watch this : Pinarello 's road racers Bike in a box Forget what engineering experts say , according to Dutch manufacturer firm PedalFactory , putting together a bike is about as complicated as making lunch . This month , the company has just started international shipments of the world 's first flat-pack , self-assembly bicycles . "  If you can make a sandwich , you can make a Sandwichbike , " or so goes the company motto . At â ‚ ¬ 799.00  $ 1,086  , the price may seem a bit steep for a bike you build yourself , but then again , all the materials are locally and responsibly sourced , and each bike is tested for weatherproofing for six weeks in a climate control room at an independent wood research institute . The bike comes delivered in a compact box bearing 19 parts made from a combination of beech plywood and aluminum . Supposedly , it can be constructed in as little as 45 minutes .	New inventions turning low-tech bikes into sci-fi machines A Thai firm is working on a bicycle that doubles as an air filter MIT has developed a wheel that turns ordinary bikes into electric hybrids "  Blaze " beams a laser onto the road to increase cycle safety
CNN  -- While his comment about Anne Frank drew criticism from around the world , pop star Justin Bieber and his camp have remained silent on the issue -- and plan to keep it that way . There will be no official statement from Bieber or his representatives , a source close to the star told CNN on Monday . Bieber did not mention it to his millions of followers on Twitter and Facebook . The controversy stems from the 19-year-old 's visit to the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam , Netherlands , on Friday . In the site 's guest book , he wrote , "  Truly inspiring to be able to come here . Anne was a great girl . Hopefully she would have been a belieber . " The tourist site shared the message on its official Facebook page . Adolescent and teen girls obsessed with the Canadian singer are known as "  beliebers . " Anne Frank died a teenager in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945 . Thousands of people responded angrily to what Bieber wrote . "  She would 've been a WHAT ? That little idiot is way too full of himself , " Kevin Garcia Leon wrote in the most popular comment on the site 's Facebook page . On CNN.com , the most popular comment read , "  Can anyone be more self-obsessed ? " Rabbi defends Bieber An expert on Anne Frank came to Bieber 's defense Monday . Had Frank been born 70 years later , she would have likely been a "  belieber , " said Rabbi Marvin Hier , founder and dean of the Simon Weisenthal Center in Los Angeles . "  There 's nothing insulting about that , " Rabbi Hier told CNN . "  She was very modern and she could very likely be his fan and on Twitter . " Hier has studied Frank 's life and journal closely in preparation for the creation of a permanent exhibit at his center 's Museum of Tolerance in Beverly Hills . "  Anne Frank was a very modern girl , " he said . "  In the room , she had pictures of Hollywood stars . She was infatuated with Hollywood . " Anne Frank hid with her family in the "  secret annex " of an Amsterdam house for two years before she was captured by Nazis in 1944 . She died a teenager in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945 . The site , a popular tourist attraction among visitors to Amsterdam , expressed no complaints about Bieber . "  The Anne Frank House was pleased to welcome Justin Bieber to the Anne Frank House last Friday , " an official Facebook post said Monday . "  We think it is very positive that he took the time and effort to visit our museum . He was very interested in the story of Anne Frank and stayed for over an hour . We hope that his visit will inspire his fans to learn more about her life and hopefully read the diary . " The comments under the statement suggested it did little to calm those who were infuriated . Few questioned whether Anne Frank would have been a Bieber fan , were she a teenager today . The complaints focused on why Bieber thought about himself at all after being exposed to the seriousness of Anne Frank 's experience and the Holocaust . "  Pity the guy , after making the effort to visit , was n't grown up enough to have a break from being so self centered and make a comment like that , " Steve Landles wrote in the most popular comment on that Facebook post . A ` chill day ' Bieber , who is in the middle of a European tour , stopped by the Anne Frank House between his concert in Antwerp , Belgium , and a Saturday performance in Arnhem , Netherlands . He told fans on Twitter it was a "  chill day . " He visited the house "  together with his friends and guards " Friday night , according to the site 's official Facebook page , adding that fans "  were waiting outside to see a glimpse of him . " The Anne Frank House confirmed to CNN that its Facebook post carrying Bieber 's message was authentic . While the vast majority of the comments online slammed the pop star , some people expressed support for him . Heather Mirman cited a line from Anne Frank 's diary : "  Despite everything , I believe people are really good at heart . " "  I think before everyone goes bashing Justin Bieber we should take a moment to think about these words and why Anne said them , " she wrote . " ... He is trying to say that he would 've been proud to  have  had her as a fan because of her courage and the fact that she believed in good . " Bieber : From tween sensation to adult icon Frank was 13 when she and her family began hiding in a dark and damp "  secret annex " of the house to escape the German roundup of Jews in Holland in July 1942 . She never left the house for two years , spending much of her time writing in her diary , until she and her family were found and arrested by Nazis in August 1944 . Swiss man reintroduces his cousin : Anne Frank Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in March 1945 . Her diary survived to tell her tragic and inspiring story . Bieber spat on me , neighbor charges CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Anne Frank "  was infatuated with Hollywood , " rabbi says There will be no statement from Bieber or his camp , a source close to him tells CNN The 19-year-old pop star sparked outrage with comments in a guest book He wrote that he hopes Frank "  would have been a belieber "
Dublin , Republic of Ireland  CNN  -- Europe and the International Monetary Fund are in the process of finalizing a rescue package worth up to 100 billion euros to bail out Ireland 's banking sector . What are the implications of the bailout for Irish people and the rest of the world ? When will we know the full details of the rescue package ? Over the next few weeks , the exact size of the bailout will be revealed and include details of when it will take effect , and what changes to Ireland 's austerity measures the IMF will insist on in exchange for the facility . On Wednesday , Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen announced a tough four-year austerity plan , which included a huge cut in welfare spending , a rise in the Value Added Tax  VAT  rate , and thousands of redundancies in the country 's public sector . However Dublin stopped short of changing Ireland 's low corporate tax rate . Why does Ireland need the money ? Ireland needs funds to shore up balance sheets after its government pumped billions of euros into Irish banks to keep them afloat , effectively nationalizing most of them . The European Central Bank is lending money to Irish banks because other banks wo n't . And lately people and companies have been pulling funds out of the banks . This could n't have continued . What would the dangers have been if the crisis continued ? A run on Irish banks -- mass withdrawals by customers worried their bank will go bust -- would have been bad for the eurozone , as it could have forced the EU and IMF to scramble to provide emergency funds within days , rather than in the more orderly , considered way now being organized . Also if yields  interest rates  on Irish government bonds kept rising , the same would probably happen to bonds issued by countries such as Spain and Portugal -- this weakens the finances of banks in those countries  because their large holdings of Spanish and Portuguese bonds are growing less valuable  , which will make them inclined to lend less -- which is damaging for the economy . What does the bailout mean for Irish citizens ? Analysts say a bailout is not likely to affect Irish citizens directly but will have beneficial effects nonetheless . "  All it 's going to do is keep the banks going , " said Peter Morici of the University of Maryland . "  It 's not going to change the objective conditions for the average Irish people . " But Allan Timmermann , who holds an endowed chair of finance at the University of California San Diego , says a bailout will make life easier for ordinary folks because the aid might lessen the severity of service cuts the government will need to make . "  If you imagine that there 's no bailout , the measures that Ireland would have to take in terms of cutbacks would have to be much more drastic . " What will the bailout mean for people across Europe ? It means their tax dollars going to pay for yet another bank bailout plan , after the European Union bailed out Greece to the tune of 110 billion euros  currently $ 150 billion  in May . But it also means the markets might calm down , taking pressure off Spain and Portugal , which are also facing budget problems . Bringing the yield on Portuguese and Spanish government bonds back to normal levels would mean they pay less on interest and more , hopefully , toward reducing their own deficits . Would it mean anything for Americans ? The stock market might regain what it has lost in the past two weeks over "  fears of European recovery . " It could also mean the dollar starts to fall against the euro , which might boost American exports to Europe , since American good would be cheaper for euro-spenders to buy . Who would pay for an Irish bailout ? After Greece took European and International Monetary Fund loans , European Union countries pledged nearly $ 1 trillion for any country that ca n't pay its bills by raising funds through normal debt markets . Ireland does not have that problem , but it 's clear the EU will allow Ireland to pump loans into its banks  given the government controls them now anyway  . EU countries and their taxpayers pay according to their size : Germany the most and Malta the least . The United Kingdom and Sweden , neither of which use the euro currency , have also said they will lend about 8 billion euros and 1 billion euros respectively , to Ireland . What strings will be attached to the rescue package ? The extra banking injection will take Ireland 's fiscal deficit from the planned 11.75 percent of gross domestic product in 2010 to as high as 32 percent . That 's 10 times higher than the three percent allowed under the Maastricht Treaty agreed by the EU when it laid out the foundations of its single currency in 1992 . The big question was whether the EU and the IMF would demand that Ireland 's low level of corporation tax of 12.5 percent -- one of the lowest in the EU -- which helps keep the country competitive , be raised . Ireland has said it alone decides taxes , and decided against any change in its four-year austerity plan . The IMF and financial markets will be analyzing the details of the plan to reassure themselves that Finance Minister Brian Lenihan can deliver on his pledge to shrink the fiscal deficit back down to three percent of GDP in 2014 . So how did Ireland get into this mess ? Ireland recorded stunning economic growth during what is known as the "  Celtic Tiger " era from around 1993 to 2007 when the global financial crisis hit . Irish banks , like others around the world , loaned money to people who in some cases could n't pay it back . Cheap loans created extra demand for housing and as prices surged the construction industry raced to build more . House prices multiplied during the period , making many homeowners impressive profits and generating fat tax receipts for the government . However , when the housing bubble burst , consumer spending slowed sharply . Unemployment tripled from around four percent in 2005 to 11.8 percent in 2009 . The most recent figure , for September , puts it even higher at 13.7 percent . What has been the reaction of Irish people towards the bailout ? One of Monday 's papers carries the word "  humiliation " as part of its headline , and many people are unhappy that the IMF has come to town . The government is unpopular and it is hard to see how the bailout will help . But what people do n't want to see is the IMF dictating terms of the budget over the next couple of years . The government is trying to reassure voters that will not be the case , but it remains to be seen . CNN 's Jim Boulden contributed to this report .	Europe and IMF discussing 100 billion euro bailout for Ireland 's banking sector Irish PM announced swingeing four-year austerity plan No change to Ireland 's low corporation tax of 12.5 percent Media express anger of Irish people over mess it is in ; government is unpopular
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The former hedge fund manager who faked his own suicide to avoid prison time for fraud will spend an extra two years in jail for failing to surrender himself , according to the U.S attorney 's office . Sam Israel tried to get out of serving a 20 year sentenced by faking his suicide . It added two years . Federal Judge Kenneth Karas sentenced Sam Israel III in White Plains , New York , on Wednesday , giving him two more years in addition to his previous sentence . Federal guidelines call for a 12 - to 18-month sentence , but Karas noted that Israel 's crime "  took a fair amount of planning , " and he criticized the former hedge fund manager for "  thumbing his nose at the system . " The additional sentence will begin after Israel serves his first 20 years for fraud . Israel admitted to authorities in March that he had faked his own suicide to escape his jail sentence . He was supposed to report to a Massachusetts prison in June of 2008 to serve a 20-year sentence for defrauding investors of Bayou Management out of approximately $ 450 million . But he did not show up at the facility . Days later , his sport-utility vehicle was found abandoned on a bridge in upstate New York , with the words "  Suicide is Painless " -- title of the theme song for the television show "  M.A.S.H. " -- written in dust on the the hood . Authorities determined the suicide setup was a ruse and launched a major manhunt to find Israel . He turned himself in to law enforcement July 2 , 2008 .	Judge says Sam Israel "  thumbed his nose at the system " Two-year sentence exceeds federal guidelines Israel faked his suicide to escape jail sentence for fraud Hedge fund manager faced 20 years for defrauding investors
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Pfizer is near a deal to buy rival drugmaker Wyeth for $ 68 billion , according to news reports late Sunday citing people familiar with the deal . Pfizer 's world headquarters is in New York . A deal was imminent and likely to be announced Monday , The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times reported . "  It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , " said Michael Lampe , a Wyeth representative . Pfizer was not immediately available for comment . Pfizer , the world 's leading drugmaker in terms of sales , has been in talks to buy Wyeth . Pfizer 's stock slipped 1 percent on the news Friday , while Wyeth gained about 8 percent . On January 13 Pfizer said it was cutting up to 8 percent of its R&D staff , about 800 jobs . Spokesman Raymond Kerins said that was to "  raise productivity . " But analysts say Pfizer is clearly trying to beef up its drug pipeline through an acquisition , adding that the company seems to have given up on its own R&D staff coming up with a blockbuster to replace Lipitor . This cholesterol-cutting drug peaked in 2006 with nearly $ 13 billion in annual sales but will lose its patent protection in 2011 , when generic versions will become available . Les Funtleyder , pharma analyst for Miller Tabak , said Pfizer is "  not feeling that they 're getting the efficiency out of their R&D unit . " He said Pfizer would probably rather do a deal with Wyeth over other competitors , because there is less overlap in the companies ' pipelines . Funtleyder said Pfizer already has a diabetes franchise , which would overlap with Eli Lilly & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb , both of which also focus on diabetes treatments . Pfizer probably has its eyes on Wyeth 's Alzheimer 's drug pipeline , he said . But he cautions that a merger wo n't be a success unless Wyeth 's pipeline is successful , which remains to be seen , he said . "  If Wyeth comes out with an Alzheimer 's drug that works , then the deal works , " he said . Pfizer is probably also focused on Wyeth 's blockbuster children 's vaccine Prevnar , as well as its experimental biotech drugs , said Michael Krensavage of Krensavage Asset Management . Sales of Prevnar , which combats meningitis and blood infections , jumped 12 percent in the first nine months of 2008 compared with the same period the prior year , to $ 2.1 billion . If a deal does go through , Funtleyder warns , Wyeth staffers should brace for layoffs . "  I can say with pretty good confidence that this is going to lead to some head count reduction , " he said .	"  It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , " Wyeth rep says Pfizer was not immediately available for comment Pfizer said this month it was cutting up to 8 percent , or 800 jobs , of its R&D staff
Washington  CNN  -- Despite revelations in a congressional investigation of a subsidiary 's mismanagement and questionable vetting of employees , the company formerly known as Blackwater could soon win millions of dollars in new job orders for work in Afghanistan . A subsidiary of Xe , the new name for Blackwater , is eligible to win Department of Defense work worth tens of millions of dollars to train Afghan police , according to a Pentagon official . Five companies were qualified to bid on the training and training-support contracts , including Raytheon , Northrop Grumman , Lockheed Martin Integrated Systems , ARINC and the U.S. Training Center . U.S. Training Center is a subsidiary company owned by Xe . The Pentagon contract is to be announced next month . Xe has not been officially notified whether it will be awarded the contract , according to a company spokesman . "  We have not been awarded either and have no knowledge of the status of those contracts , " said Xe spokesman Mark Corallo . An industry official told CNN that Xe made bids on two task orders under the training program , one for the actual training of Afghan police and one for logistics support for such training . Once awarded , the new orders would be in effect until August 2012 , according to a Department of Defense statement . Since 2007 , the company , then called Blackwater , has held the rights to bid against the other four companies on a pool of jobs worth as much as $ 15 billion . Xe still holds numerous contracts under three company names in Afghanistan for support of military and intelligence operations . Those companies are US Training Center , Greystone and Presidential Airways . The company has a troubled past both in Iraq and Afghanistan . It was banned from operating in Iraq by the government there after a shooting incident left Iraqi civilians dead and injured . That incident strained relations between the United States and Iraq . In May 2009 , four contractors in Kabul were involved in a shooting incident that left two Afghan civilians dead . Two of the contractors are now facing charges in the United States . A congressional investigation found evidence that the company that hired them , a Xe subsidiary called Paravant , armed the employees despite having no permission to do so from the U.S. military . The probe also found that the company illicitly obtained the guns used in the shooting , and hundreds of others , from a stockpile of weapons meant for the use of the Afghan military and police . On Wednesday Xe officials were called before the Senate Armed Service Committee to discuss that shooting incident . The committee 's chairman , Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said an Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies . " He said one of the keys to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan is the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military . Xe Services Vice President Fred Roitz acknowledged the company 's culpability in the 2009 incident in his opening statement to the panel . In the statement , Roitz said , "  the new Xe Services would act differently today . We simply will not send our personnel overseas without a proper authorization for a weapon  where needed  and without full compliance with all requirements . " He said the company has "  put in place new leadership and procedures to help ensure this commitment is kept . " On Thursday , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell defended the military 's oversight of contractors . "  We 've made a lot of mistakes in both Iraq and Afghanistan . And we 've tried to address those mistakes in a number of ways , " Morrell said . "  But as far as I know , people are being held to account for the mistakes and the violations that they have made . "	A subsidiary of Xe , formerly Blackwater , bid on lucrative new training contract Xe spokesman : No official word on whether company will be awarded contract Since 2007 , Xe has held rights to bid against four other firms in a $ 15 billion jobs pool The company has a troubled past both in Iraq and Afghanistan
CNN  -- Kimi Raikkonen will return to Formula One in 2012 , after Renault announced on Tuesday that the 2007 world champion has signed a two-year deal with the team . The Finn won the drivers ' championship with Ferrari in 2007 before leaving the sport in 2009 , but he will return next season after spending time in the World Rally Championship and NASCAR . "  I 'm delighted to be coming back to Formula 1 after a two-year break , and I 'm grateful to Lotus Renault GP for offering me this opportunity , " the 32-year-old told the team 's official website . "  My time in the World Rally Championship has been a useful stage in my career as a driver , but I ca n't deny the fact that my hunger for F1 has recently become overwhelming . Final F1 2011 season standings "  It was an easy choice to return with Lotus Renault GP as I have been impressed by the scope of the team 's ambition . Now I 'm looking forward to playing an important role in pushing the team to the very front of the grid . " Raikkonen entered F1 with Sauber in 2001 before going on to enjoy a successful five-season spell with McLaren between 2002 and 2006 , winning nine grands prix and twice finishing runner-up in the world championship . Speaking to CNN World Sport , Renault team principal Eric Boullier said he was delighted to have secured Raikkonen 's services and insisted the Finn would soon be challenging the sport 's top echelon of drivers . "  His motivation is huge and clearly the talent he has will maybe need a little bit of time to get back on track and to adapt to the new car and the new tires but I 'm very confident he will get back , " he said . "  I hope we push as much as we can , as much as we did at the beginning of the season . It is difficult to set up a competitive Formula One team , it takes time , but we learn every year from the experience . "  Kimi 's experience is huge , he has been world champion , he has won many races , he has been working and driving for great constructors like Sauber and McLaren . It will be a huge boost for us and his determination will be a big boost for the team . " Ferrari 's Alonso eyes 2012 charge Boullier said Renault , who will compete under the Lotus name in 2012 , were still yet to decide who would partner Raikkonen after they were represented by three drivers last season . Russian Vitaly Petrov initially partnered Nick Heidfeld before Brazilian Bruno Senna replaced the German in August . Polish driver Robert Kubica raced for the team in 2010 , but missed all of last season following a rally crash in Italy in February . It had been hoped Kubica would return in time for the 2012 season , but the 26-year-old announced last week that his recovery from serious arm injuries was not yet complete . Boullier said he did not yet know if Kubica would be fit to race : "  It 's a little bit early to answer this question , " he added . "  If we can bring him back into F1 we will try our best . " The 2011 season came to an end at last Sunday 's Brazilian Grand Prix , with Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel finishing the race second behind teammate Mark Webber having already sealed a second consecutive championship . The 2012 season will is see a total of six former world champions line-up on the grid , with Raikonnen and Vettel being joined by Mercedes ' seven-time winner Michael Schumacher , Ferrari 's two-time champion Fernando Alonso and McLaren 's championship-winning duo of Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton .	2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen will return to F1 in 2012 The 32-year-old Finn has signed a two-year deal with Renault Raikkonen initially left F1 in 2009 and has since raced in WRC and NASCAR Renault team boss Eric Boullier says Raikkonen 's motivation is "  huge "
CNN  -- When Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko visits Washington on Thursday , he will almost certainly again ask for U.S. military assistance , including defensive weapons . President Barack Obama should say yes . Arming Kiev can deter Russian Vladimir Putin from further aggression and support the fragile Ukraine ceasefire and settlement process . Doing so would also bolster U.S. efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation . Russia illegally occupied and annexed Crimea in March . Just weeks later , armed separatists -- assisted and , in some cases , led by Russian intelligence officers -- began seizing government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian regions of Donetsk and Luhansk . Ukrainian counterattacks started making headway in the summer . Russia responded by supplying heavy weapons to the separatists -- including , it is widely believed , the Buk anti-aircraft system believed to have shot down Malaysia Airlines flight 17 in mid-July . Despite the influx of arms , Ukrainian forces continued to make progress . By early August , the separatists looked on the verge of defeat . That would have stopped Putin 's strategy in its tracks . So , as NATO noted , elite Russian military units invaded and occupied Ukrainian territory , hitting Ukrainian forces hard . Vastly outgunned , Poroshenko had little choice but to accept a ceasefire on September 5 . The truce is shaky , but the Ukrainian president seems intent on pursuing a peaceful settlement . Whether common ground can be found among Kiev , the separatists and Moscow is unclear . At best , the negotiation will be long and arduous . The Ukrainian government has for some time sought lethal military assistance , such as anti-armor weapons , as well as secure communications equipment and reconnaissance drones . When he hosts Poroshenko in the Oval Office , Obama should agree to provide defensive arms on an expedited basis . Such assistance would enhance Kiev 's ability to deter further Russian aggression , aggression that would threaten , perhaps fatally , the possibility of a negotiated settlement . A better-armed Ukrainian military would give Putin pause , because it could impose greater costs on the Russian army if the Russians break the ceasefire and renew the fighting . Reports detail the extraordinary lengths , such as nighttime burials , to which the Kremlin has gone to hide from its public the fact that Russian soldiers have fought and died in Ukraine . The more costly the Ukrainians can make any fighting for the Russians , the less Moscow 's interest in resuming the conflict . Some may argue that providing lethal military assistance would provoke Putin to escalate . But he has already escalated the situation -- from instigating separatist actions to providing heavy weapons to sending in the Russian army . This suggests the opposite may well prove true : Arming Ukraine will raise the costs of escalation to Russia and thus make it less likely . Putin has made clear his contempt for the Western response to date . Inaction could embolden him to escalate in Ukraine and test the waters elsewhere , perhaps in a NATO member state such as Estonia . Moreover , the Ukrainians will bear the risks and brunt of any escalation . If they are willing to accept those risks , we should give them the tools to defend themselves . And there is an additional important reason to respond favorably to Ukraine 's request for defensive arms : to restore credibility to the notion of security assurances . In December 1994 , the leaders of the United States , Britain and Russia signed the Budapest memorandum on security assurances , which committed those countries to respect Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and not use force against Ukraine . Those commitments paved the way for Kiev 's decision to give up about 1,900 strategic nuclear warheads , at the time the world 's third-largest nuclear arsenal . Moscow has grossly violated the Budapest memorandum by its seizure of Crimea and assaults on Ukraine . The United States and Britain have an obligation to respond . Washington has imposed economic sanctions on Russia and provided Ukraine a modest amount of nonlethal military aid . Those are appropriate steps , but they do not suffice . Last Friday , former President Leonid Kuchma , who signed the Budapest memorandum for Ukraine , suggested his country had been cheated . That reflects general sentiment in Kiev . The widely held impression that Moscow has violated its Budapest commitments at low cost badly weakens the value of security assurances in the future . That is unfortunate , as security assurances could play a role as part of the package to resolve the Iran and North Korea nuclear issues . But how much value will security assurances have if Tehran and Pyongyang see that they can be violated with relative impunity ? Washington can change that impression . Providing lethal military assistance to Ukraine could not only deter Putin from further war against Ukraine , but could help to reestablish security assurances as part of the solution to critical nuclear proliferation challenges .	Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko visits Washington on Thursday He seems intent on a peaceful settlement , write Strobe Talbott and Steven Pifer Obama should agree to provide defensive arms on an expedited basis , authors say Talbott and Pifer : Moscow has grossly violated the Budapest memorandum
Binnish , Syria  CNN  -- Hundreds of men and boys kneeled on the floor of a packed mosque for Friday prayers , but the solemn religious rite quickly turned into a furious rain-soaked rally denouncing Syria 's president , Bashar al-Assad . Before completing their prayers , the congregation murmured words of condolences for a resident of this small opposition-held village , Muhamed Hasmus . Activists say Hasmus was killed Friday morning by a sniper in the nearby city of Idlib , an account CNN could not independently confirm . The remembrance of their neighbor caused the faithful to jump to their feet and erupt with the chant "  Allahu Akbar , " which means God is great . They repeated their full-throated chants as they marched from the mosque to the village square in a pounding , freezing rainstorm . They unfurled banners , waved the opposition green , black and white flag , and conducted a ritual of defiance that has been repeated weekly in this opposition enclave for months . "  Our first demonstration was on April 1st , " Ibrahim Qobani told CNN . "  I have never missed a single demonstration since . " The 19-year-old Qobani led the latest demonstration in Binnish , which has been experimenting with self-rule . He stood on a rooftop with a microphone , dressed in a scarf and fingerless gloves knit with the colors of the opposition flag , and sang verses insulting the Syrian president . "  This is a tool for us to show the world that we need support , " he said . "  During the week when I 'm talking to the guys  opposition activists  over the internet , I think about what to chant on Friday . " This week , Qobani introduced new lyrics to protest songs . He replaced the word "  hurriye , " which means freedom , which made up the chorus of a popular Syrian protest song , with the word "  harbiye , " which means ` war . ' "  We were peaceful for ten months But now there is no other solution . We will fight , even with knives , " said 21-year-old university student who only wanted his first name Hussam published , for security reasons . Wearing an opposition scarf around his forehead , Hussam had little positive to say about the U.N. General Assembly 's non-binding resolution endorsing an Arab League plan for al-Assad to step down . "  We did n't watch real action from the United Nations and all the world actually . They are just speeches , they do not help us , " he said . One of the protest organizers had kinder words for the U.N. resolution . "  It sends a strong message to Damascus and to Russia and China that the world is against the Assad regime , " said Ala Edien Hamdoun , who leads the local opposition council 's public relations committee . Hamdoun said he was well aware that the latest diplomatic broadside against Damascus would do little protect this small , defiant community should the Syrian military mount an all-out assault . Just a few kilometers away , within sight of Binnish , the Syrian government flag flies in the heart of the city of Idlib , the capital of Idlib province . Opposition fighters have raised the rebel flag just a few hundred yards from the government banner , which is also visible in the city center . Heavy machine gun fire from Idlib periodically echoes across the countryside , and tracer bullets can be seen arcing out of the city at night . Binnish residents say the Syrian army maintains a base about five minutes away from their village 's central square . Leaders of the rebellion in Binnish say the army doubled the number of tanks at that base over the last 24 hours . That deployment raised fears of a possible imminent attack on this opposition enclave .	Binnish is an opposition-held village Friday demonstrations have unfolded for months One man says , ` We will fight , even with knives '
CNN  Is America a nation divided ? And has Ohio found a better way to bridge those divisions ? It 's hard not to be concerned with these questions given the constant drumbeat of news about the issues that tear us apart as a nation : immigration , community and police relations , poverty , education and dozens of other crucial matters facing America . Adding to our divisions is a harsh public atmosphere where politicians are preoccupied with how they can win the next election or give the best sound bite , and where lobby groups work to protect their narrow self-interests while ignoring a broader vision of what is best for our country . In Ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past -- social services , criminal justice , economic competiveness , infrastructure -- and I 've enjoyed sharing our state 's winning formula with others in my travels . In 2011 , I returned to public service -- after earlier serving for 18 years in Congress in the 1980s and '90s . Over the intervening years , Ohio had lost its way and was hurting . I felt called to help after knowing that members of 350,000 Ohio families had lost their jobs and were looking to get back on their feet . Ohio is much stronger today . And that turnaround and success are worth being excited about and sharing . For example , we have gone from 89 cents in our rainy day fund and an $ 8 billion shortfall to now having one of the nation 's strongest state budgets and a nearly $ 2 billion surplus . We 've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones . We 've gone from very high taxes across the board to the largest tax cuts in of any state in America , including tax cuts for the working poor . We 're seeing wages grow faster than the national average and Ohio 's unemployment rate drop to the lowest level in more than a decade . Getting Ohio back on track was n't easy . It required big ideas , going against the status quo and tuning out those who worry only about protecting their own special interests . Yes , we have a great success story to tell about our state . And we need to make Ohio 's success contagious . The leadership style that helped us turn around Ohio is needed in Washington , where America 's $ 18 trillion debt ticks higher each day and our congressional leaders would struggle even to pass a resolution saluting Mother 's Day if it required their action . Great leaders are not primarily guided by polls , political parties , focus groups , re-election , special interests or protecting the status quo . Instead they bring teams of people together , challenge them to innovate and engage both sides to work together to fashion solutions based on common sense and the common good . As the chairman of the House Budget Committee in Congress in the 1990s , I helped craft the first balanced budget since man walked on the moon . We worked in a bipartisan effort that does n't happen enough . There were , of course , disagreements along the way , but they never overshadowed the shared values we had to guide our work and the shared goal of fiscal responsibility and seeing our country live within its means . Given the polarizing issues facing our country , America needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental values necessary to bring about change that will unite our country without being blinded by the many distractions that ego , selfishness and power produce . Leaders who focus only on themselves and their own good have rejected this value-driven approach and make it impossible to make progress on our most pressing issues such as balanced budgets , tax cuts , welfare reform , border security , immigration and health care . We see it every day . There are certain values that guide great countries : • Personal responsibility : It obligates us to be accountable for ourselves so we can then do our duty for our families and our communities . • Empathy : It allows us to walk in someone else 's shoes , so that in times of disagreement we might consider for a moment that there might be another , better way that makes all of us stronger . • Teamwork : It sets ego aside and demands that we all pull in the same direction to win . • Faith : It tells us we are made special in the image of God with unique gifts that enable our mission here on earth . These values allow us to develop policy solutions that solve problems in new and creative ways for the good of all Americans instead of producing rhetoric , sound bites and press releases that too often pass for true reform . In Ohio we 've implemented this winning strategy . It 's worked there , and it will work for the nation as well .	Ohio Gov. John Kasich : Washington is gridlocked , but states can make a difference He says Ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus , from losing jobs to creating them
CNN  -- The death toll in India in two building collapses in different cities climbed to at least 11 , with more victims trapped in the rubble , Indian officials confirmed Saturday . A crumbling and rundown four-story building in New Delhi toppled over Saturday morning . "  Ten people , including five children and three women , died , " Deputy Commissioner of Police Madhur Verma said . Two others were also injured , he added . The building was around 50 years old and housed several families . Rescue efforts were hampered by cranes in the area . Officials suspects construction work at an adjoining building could be to blame . A second building also collapsed Saturday in Tamil Nadu state . An 11-story structure under construction in the capital city of Chennai toppled over , killing at least one person . Eleven have been rescued from under the debris . "  Fifty workers were believed to be present at the construction site at the time of collapse . Rescue operations are still on , " said Chennai Police Commissioner Sebastian George . The collapse in Chennai came amid heavy rains . Unfortunately , building collapses in India are an all too common occurrence . An official with the New Delhi Municipal Council told CNN many of the incidents are because of unauthorized construction . People build extra floors in structures without permits , creating hazardous conditions . The official also said there have been several buildings in Delhi designated as dangerous , yet people continue to live in them . Corruption is also a problem , which leads to the authorization of risky building permits . Other factors that contribute to the high number of building collapses in India include lack of oversight , poor quality building materials and even overpopulation . A building collapse in January in the tourist resort of Goa claimed at least 14 lives . Hundreds of people have died in building collapses in India over the past several years . Kay Guerrero , Ravi Agrawal , and Neha Sharma contributed to this report	Almost a dozen killed in two building collapses in India A crumbling four-story building falls in New Delhi , killing 10 people An 11-story structure topples in Chennai , killing one and trapping as many as 50 Unauthorized permits , shoddy construction among factors in collapses
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France bears responsibility for deporting Jews to their deaths in concentration camps during World War II , the country 's highest court ruled Monday . Jews and foreigners are rounded up in Paris in May 1941 . But , the Council of State said , "  measures taken since the end of the Second World War have compensated for the damage . " Northern France was directly occupied by Nazi Germany during World War II while the south of the country was ruled by the Vichy government that collaborated with Adolf Hitler . France 's role in the deportation of its Jews was a taboo subject for decades after the war . The trial of Maurice Papon , a civil servant in the collaborationist Vichy government , for deporting Jews , forced the country to confront its role in the Holocaust . Papon was convicted in 1998 by a French court for complicity in crimes against humanity for his role in the deportation of 1,590 Jews from the city of Bordeaux . Most of the deportees later perished at the concentration camp at Auschwitz in modern day Poland . Papon died in February 2007 , aged 96 , after serving part of his term and then being freed on health grounds . There were approximately 350,000 Jews in France at the time of the country 's defeat by Germany in 1940 . At least half of those were refugees who had already fled Germany or countries already under Nazi occupation , according to the Web site of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . At least 77,000 Jews were deported to their deaths from French transit camps between 1942 and the end of German occupation in December 1944 . Of these , around a third were French citizens and more than 8,000 were children under 13 .	Court : France bears responsibility for sending Jews to WWII concentration camps Court rules measures taken since end of war have compensated for damage France 's role in deportation of its Jews taboo for decades after war At least 77,000 Jews deported from France during Nazi occupation
CNN  -- An Indian warship has exchanged fire with a pirate "  mother vessel " off the hijacking-plagued Horn of Africa , leaving the ship ablaze , an official said Wednesday . A file photo shows the Indian frigate Tabar , which was involved in the skirmish . Indian naval spokesman Nirad Sinha said : "  Given the condition we left it in , it would have sunk by now , " he said . The skirmish took place Tuesday evening about 326 miles  525 kilometers  southwest of Oman 's Salalah port when the frigate INS Tabar spotted a suspected pirate ship with two speedboats in tow , India 's Defense Ministry reported . Capt. Pottengal Mukundan , of the International Maritime Bureau , in London said : "  The pirates have been operating with impunity in these waters , and it is time now , it is well overdue that we send a signal to the pirates that they can not conduct these criminal operations without sanction . " The defense ministry said in a written statement : "  This vessel was similar in description to the ` Mother Vessel ' mentioned in various piracy bulletins . " The battle follows a recent surge in piracy off the Horn of Africa , including the weekend hijacking of a Saudi-owned supertanker by pirates based in largely lawless Somalia . See where pirates are operating " Three other vessels have been captured since then in what a London-based maritime official called a "  completely unprecedented " situation . The Saudi owners of a hijacked oil supertanker carrying an oil cargo worth up to $ 100 million , which pirates Tuesday anchored off the Somali coast , said they were negotiating with its captors . Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al Faisal said he could not confirm if a ransom had been demanded , but said the owners of the 300,000-ton Sirius Star were "  negotiating on the issue , " The Associated Press reported . In its clash with the pirate vessel , the Tabar 's crew hailed the ship and demanded it stop for inspection , and the pirates threatened to destroy the Indian ship , the ministry reported . "  Pirates were seen roaming on the upper deck of this vessel with guns and rocket-propelled grenade launchers . The vessel continued its threatening calls and subsequently fired upon INS Tabar , " the ministry said . The Indian frigate returned fire , setting the pirate ship ablaze and setting off explosions on board , the statement said . Two speedboats in tow behind the ship fled ; one was found abandoned after a pursuit by the Tabar . Michael Howlett , assistant director of the International Maritime Bureau in London , which tracks pirate attacks , said the recent upsurge in activity was unprecedented . "  We 've never seen a situation like this , " he said . Watch Maersk CEO describe risks to shipping " On Tuesday , pirates hijacked a Thai fishing vessel and a Chinese-flagged Iranian cargo ship carrying wheat in the waters off the Horn of Africa . A third ship -- a Chinese fishing vessel -- was hijacked Saturday , but word did not reach authorities until Tuesday , Howlett said . Noel Choong , who heads the IMB 's Piracy Reporting Center in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , said 95 pirate attacks have taken place so far this year in the Gulf of Aden . Of those , 39 resulted in successful captures ; 17 of those vessels and their crews -- a total of about 300 sailors -- remain in the hands of the pirates . But the seizure of the 300,000-ton supertanker Sirius Star took place well south of the gulf , in the Indian Ocean off Kenya . Pirate attacks are spreading farther north to the Gulf of Aden and farther south off the Kenyan coast , Choong said . "  The risks are low and the returns are extremely high for these pirates , " he told CNN . Pirates know that their chances of getting killed or captured during a hijacking are very low , he said .	Indian navy says its frigate attacked a pirate "  mother vessel " Skirmish took place Tuesday about 525 kilometers from Oman 's Salalah port Battle follows a recent surge in piracy off the Horn of Africa
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Boston , Massachusetts , say they plan to release their files on accused "  Craigslist killer " Philip Markoff , who killed himself in jail in August , after formally dropping the murder case against him Thursday . The Suffolk County District Attorney 's office said Wednesday it plans to file paperwork requesting a dismissal of their case Thursday morning . The case was short-circuited when Markoff took his own life August 15 , but District Attorney Daniel Conley said at the time that the evidence against the suspect was "  overwhelming . " Conley is slated to discuss the case with reporters Thursday morning after requesting the case be dropped , a move his office said will set the stage for the release of "  all relevant documents " at an unspecified later date . "  Prosecutors are currently reviewing and redacting those documents and assembling the physical evidence , " the district attorney 's office said in a statement issued Wednesday . "  We expect that it will be ready for media review within the next few weeks . " Markoff , 24 , was a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine when arrested in April 2009 in the killing of Julissa Brisman , 25 , at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds service Craigslist , and Markoff might have met her through the site . Authorities said Markoff killed himself in his jail cell by cutting himself multiple times with a makeshift scalpel crafted from a pen and a piece of metal . In addition , a large , clear plastic bag of a type issued to inmates was fastened around his neck with a piece of gauze . The name of his former fiancee , who called off their wedding after his arrest , was scrawled in what appeared to be blood on the wall of his cell when he was found , Conley told reporters at the time .	District attorney to file for dismissal after suspect Markoff 's suicide Prosecutors expect to release their file on Markoff "  within the next few weeks " The former medical student killed himself in jail August 15
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- A top Cuban official told reporters in Havana on Tuesday that his country 's political system is "  sustainable " and that it will not change . "  In Cuba , there will not be political reform , " said Marino Murillo , vice president of the island 's council of ministers . Those comments appeared a more forceful response to remarks made by Pope Benedict XVI during his flight last week from Rome to Mexico when he told reporters that he believed Cuba 's Marxist political system "  no longer responds to reality . " "  With this visit , a way of cooperation and dialogue has been inaugurated , a long road that requires patience but that leads forward , " the pope said , according to the Vatican . "  It is evident today that Marxist ideology as it had been conceived no longer responds to reality , " Benedict continued . "  New models must be found , though with patience . " Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez responded to those comments when they were made on Friday , saying his country respects all opinions . Arriving on the island 's southeastern city of Santiago de Cuba on Monday , Benedict , 84 , said he carries "  in my heart the just aspirations and legitimate desires of all Cubans , wherever they may be . " The pontiff then traveled to the city 's Basilica del Cobre on Tuesday , flying on to Havana 's International airport , where he was greeted by a large welcoming committee that included Cuban Cardinal Jaime Ortega and other clergy . Speculation has swirled over whether the pope will meet with Cuba 's former president , Fidel Castro , and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who flew into Cuba over the weekend for radiation treatment .	"  In Cuba , there will not be political reform , " says a top Cuban official Pope Benedict said Friday that Cuba 's political system "  no longer responds to reality " Cuba 's foreign minister responded , saying his country respects all opinions Speculation abounds over whether the pope will meet with Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez
CNN  President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran even before he became the Democratic candidate for president . Reaching a good , solid agreement with Iran is a worthy , desirable goal . But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations , weakening America 's hand and strengthening Iran . Obama 's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran that if the deal ultimately collapses , he may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it . There is a reason one gets the feeling that it is the United States and not Iran that is the more eager , even desperate , side in these talks , even though Iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions ; the country whose only significant export , oil , lost more than half of its value in recent months . The reason is that Obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations . The President may insist that the United States will choose no deal over a bad deal , but few people truly believe he has a credible Plan B. Few believe it , particularly in the Middle East and notably among America 's Arab friends , who hold the view that Iran is running circles around the United States and outplayed Obama . As the writer David Rothkopf aptly put it , "  Iran is having a great Obama administration . " That 's a belief that has already started shaking up the region . Saudi Arabia has said that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes Iran has not been stopped , and there is little doubt that other countries among Iran 's Muslim rivals will do the same . In fact , the notion that Obama is not handling the Iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in Yemen , where Saudi Arabia and other Arabs are trying to push back against gains by Iran 's allies . We can trace it all back to the Democratic primaries in 2007 , when then-Sen . Obama said he would meet Iran 's leaders "  without preconditions , " leading his rival , Hillary Clinton , to call the idea "  Irresponsible and frankly naive . " As the years of his presidency unfolded , and the Middle East started coming apart , finding a deal with Iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement Obama might leave behind . The political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue that is of transcendent importance to world peace . The framework agreement announced on Thursday came two days after Obama 's March 31 deadline . The U.S.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the United States , and the French ambassador very publicly decried as a "  bad tactic . " That bad tactic was a political move , a push to produce some sort of result , however vague , to protect the talks from critics . Again , a solid agreement that ensures Iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a most welcome development . But the agreement so far does not look promising . It certainly shows the final outcome will differ greatly from what Obama had vowed . In a presidential debate in 2012 , Obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations . "  The deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . It 's very straightforward . " Nobody is talking about Iran ending its nuclear program . Not even close . Iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges . That 's not a small symbolic number . And it does not appear as though any of its nuclear facilities will be dismantled , although Fordow will contain no nuclear materials . Iran has insisted all along that its nuclear program has only civilian uses . The fact is that Iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing the elements of its nuclear program to U.N. inspectors . And the U.N. agency chief says that has not stopped . A couple of weeks ago , with days left until the negotiating deadline , U.N. nuclear chief Yukiya Amano said Iran is still stonewalling . "  We are still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is -LSB- for a -RSB- peaceful purpose , " he warned . The negotiations ' starting point is that Iran would like to have the bomb and the international community wants to delay that as much as possible -- and preferably , forever . The world only learned about Iran 's secret facilities at Arak and Natanz after dissidents raised the alarm . Iran , we have learned repeatedly , is very good at lying to international inspectors . It is well-established that it has had something to hide about its nuclear program . It is well-established that many of Iran 's neighbors do n't trust it and are anxious about the U.S.-led international dealings with Iran . It is well-established that Iran has engaged in international terrorism and in destabilizing the region . It is also clear that it took harsh international sanctions and a collapse in oil prices to bring Iran to the negotiating table . It was Iran that had the most to lose from a failure of talks . But political considerations turned the United States into the supplicant . The framework agreement starts lifting those indispensable sanctions much too soon . Nuclear enrichment will continue , although at a lower level . Iran officially , legally , becomes a nuclear threshold state , with the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a "  breakout " period of one year , the time when presumably inspectors would discover violation and allow the rest of the world to act . Even the Fordow facility , conveniently inside a fortified bunker in a mountain , will remain in existence , though "  converted " to a nuclear "  research facility " And without nuclear material on site . International sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately . Its nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place , even if operating at a reduced pace , giving Iran much of what it wanted . With Iranian forces gaining ground in Arab lands and Iranian commanders declaring the destruction of Israel "  nonnegotiable " and threatening Saudi Arabia , this deal does not look reassuring . Obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option . But the deal so far looks like  another  win for Iran . It introduces enough restrictions that it could give the President the political cover he wants , but it does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation and more potentially catastrophic instability in the Middle East .	Frida Ghitis : President Barack Obama is right to want a deal , but this one gives Iran too much She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon
CNN  -- It produced one of the memorable sporting moments of 2013 and now the excitement is starting to brew all over again for America 's Cup fans . The first buoy of the 35th edition of sailing 's most prestigious race was rounded on Thursday as the challengers to reigning champions Oracle Team USA were announced . Five teams from Britain , Italy , Sweden , France and New Zealand will battle in out to determine who will race the U.S. team in 2017 . Oracle , skippered by Jimmy Spithill , pulled off one of sport 's great comebacks last September when they overhauled a 1-8 deficit against the Emirates Team from New Zealand to eventually win 9-8 . Spithill is looking forward to see who his team will face . "  It 's exciting to look at the roster of teams who are lining up against us , " Spithill said on the competition 's official website . "  We 're facing five strong challengers who have a lot of resources , talent and experience . "  But our team is very competitive . We love challenges -- the bigger , the better . It 's very easy to get motivated when you see what we 're going to be facing . " Among the teams looking to deny the U.S. team a third consecutive victory will be a crew led by Britain 's Ben Ainslie . Ainslie , a four-time Olympic champion who played a key role in the Oracle team 's victory last time around , will lead a team from Royal Yacht Squadron -- the club who originally awarded the trophy in 1851 . "  We are delighted that Royal Yacht Squadron Racing 's challenge for the 35th America 's Cup has been officially accepted , " Ainslie said in a statement . "  The America 's Cup originates from the Squadron and it is our goal to return the Cup to where it belongs . " Fellow Brit , Iain Percy will skipper Sweden 's Artemis Racing team . Percy , a double Olympic champion , will be looking to honor the memory of his great friend and teammate Andrew "  Bart " Simpson who was tragically killed when the Artemis boat capsized during training for last year 's competition . New Zealand 's Emirates Team will be hoping to bounce back from their catastrophic defeat in San Francisco Bay . "  We see some formidable opposition taking shape in the 35th America 's Cup and we have no illusions about the job ahead , " skipper Dean Barker said in a statement . "  We have been working quietly behind the scenes towards this day almost since the last day of the 34th America 's Cup . Now the real work begins . " Italy 's Luna Rosa Challenge and Team France complete the line up . The five challengers will race at venues around the world next year and in 2016 . The outcome of these races will decide a "  top challenger " that will go forward to race the U.S. team in 2017 at a venue in either Bermuda or San Diego . Read more : Oracle Team USA wins America 's Cup	The six teams for 35th edition of America 's Cup confirmed Five teams will race for right to challenge reigning champions Oracle Team USA American team pulled off stunning comeback in last year 's race against Kiwi team Teams from UK , Sweden , France , Italy and New Zealand among contenders
Washington  CNN  It 's the new GOP civil war . Republican presidential hopefuls -- all too aware of the party 's disconnect with the middle class -- are in a fierce competition among each other to prove they 're the candidate who can give voice to the struggles of Americans left behind by the uneven economic recovery . The potential 2016 candidates are working to prove that Democrats are n't the only ones sensitive to the nation 's growing economic inequality . The GOP is also trying to move past serious stumbles -- such as Mitt Romney 's infamous 47 % comment -- that created an impression among some middle class voters that the party is out of touch . The effort was on full display Wednesday when Jeb Bush went to Detroit , one of America 's most economically distressed cities , to bemoan the challenges faced by the middle class . "  The recovery has been everywhere but in the family paychecks , " Bush said . "  The opportunity gap is the defining issue of our time . " Bush has plenty of competition from fellow Republicans seizing on the economy as they eye the White House . Marco Rubio has devoted a book to the issue . Ted Cruz recently sounded more like a Democratic populist than a GOP firebrand when he lamented the share of income earned by the top 1 % . Scott Walker often stresses his humble origins while Rand Paul boasts of shopping at Walmart . Of course , there are plenty of political upsides to the GOP refining its economic messaging . The appeal to the middle class could blunt similar Democratic talking points and create a contrast to criticisms of Hillary Clinton 's more refined lifestyle . David Winston , the pollster who helped coin the "  where are the jobs " mantra for House Republicans in 2010 , says the GOP message in 2016 should be just as simple : "  Where is the middle class ? " But the strategy could be tough to pull off when headline economic numbers are improving . The unemployment rate is 5.6 % -- a level not seen since the precrisis summer of 2008 -- and consumer confidence has bounced back . "  The economy finally feels to be in what we call a self sustaining economic expansion , " said Stuart Hoffman , chief economist at PNC . "  We 've reached this inflection point . " That will force the GOP to articulate a more nuanced critique of the economy during the Obama years . There is plenty of data to help them . Median net worth of upper-income families was around $ 640,000 in 2013 , close to seven times the $ 96,500 figure for middle-income families . This was the highest gap in 30 years , according to the Pew Research Center 's analysis of Federal Reserve data released in December . Potential Republican candidates are honing in on prevailing weak spots in the economy , including stubbornly low wages that are not catching up with the rising cost of living and weak labor force participation . They say it 's too soon for Obama and Democrats to trumpet the recovery . "  We are creating a lot more jobs now , but we 're not generating any income ; we 're not attracting people back into the labor force , " said Douglas Holtz-Eakin , president of the American Action Forum and economic adviser to John McCain in 2008 . "  That 's short of complete victory . " Still , the GOP focus on the economy could backfire if the party looks like it 's nitpicking in a search of problems or overlooking legitimate improvements . Joseph LaVorgna , chief U.S. economist at Deutsche Bank , predicted that the unemployment rate would be below 5 % by the end of this year and approach 4 % in 2016 . That would significantly undercut a key GOP talking point that Obama has n't created jobs . "  I 'm not sure how powerful those arguments will be , " LaVorgna said . "  It 's much easier to make those arguments when the unemployment 's up at 8 % as it was for much of 2012 . "  That 's what Democrats are banking on . "  It takes away a lot of the talking points of the Republicans -- that the sky is falling ... economically , " said Bill Daley , Obama 's former chief of staff . "  And  Democrats  are not on the defensive as much as they would have been a year , a year-and-a-half , two years ago . " GOP candidates will have to prove they are doing more than stealing Democratic messaging . And then there is the long term . Despite intense debate , neither party has come up with answers to generational economic questions , which go far deeper than the 2008 recession . The United States , like many other developed nations , is locked in a period of structural economic change . Millions of manufacturing and clerical jobs have been outsourced . Technology has made some trades obsolete . And jobs that are being created often pay less and carry fewer benefits than those of the past . But Republicans see an opportunity . There are signs of trouble for Democrats among blue collar workers that the GOP could jump on to improve its hopes of winning swing states . In 2008 , for example , 58 % of white , noncollege graduates voted Republican and 40 % went Democratic . In November 's midterm elections , 64 % of the same demographic voted GOP and 34 % chose Democrats . Improving its standing among those who are slightly better off could also help the GOP in battlegrounds such as Virginia , Florida and Colorado . And some Republicans believe a more inclusive economic argument could help repair ties with the Hispanic community . Progressive commentators say they are glad Republicans are talking about income inequality but doubt their sincerity . David Madland of the Center for American Progress said the GOP might not be denigrating those struggling in today 's economy , but their policies still are a case of "  slapping lipstick on a pig . " "  There is a radical shift , " he said . "  To acknowledge a problem is a huge first step .  But  the real opportunity lies with the public in making demands that will force the politicians to listen . " Other analysts argue that while Republicans are talking about helping the middle class , they are blocking attempts by the President to pass laws that would do just that -- for instance , on raising the minimum wage , creating jobs through infrastructure investment and hiking taxes on the rich to pay for middle class tax breaks . "  One thing that you have to watch for is people just tacking the words poverty and inequality onto a pre-existing agenda that has very little to do with addressing those problems , " said Jared Bernstein , a former top chief economics adviser to Vice President Joe Biden . "  For the most part , I hear lots of the same trickle-down economics that helped to get us into this mess in the first place . "	Republicans knew after 2012 they had a problem with the middle class Presidential hopefuls are vying to talk about opportunity gap and poverty Democrats see a change of rhetoric , not change of policy
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court on Wednesday found a Congolese warlord guilty of turning children into killers , marking the war crimes tribunal 's first verdict in its decade of operation . Judges convicted Thomas Lubanga of conscripting and enlisting children under age 15 and using them to participate in "  hostilities " during a civil war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . He will remain in custody pending sentencing . The verdict marks a milestone for the international court that targets war crimes worldwide . It is the first verdict issued by the Netherlands-based court , which has 14 other cases , three of which are in trial stage . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomed the verdict . "  Mr. Lubanga 's conviction for the war crimes of enlisting and conscripting children under the age of 15 is an important step forward in realizing the international community 's commitment to ensuring that perpetrators of crimes against children in situations of armed conflict are brought to justice , " he said . Lubanga surrendered in 2006 , and his trial started three years later . His was the court 's first trial and its first verdict since it was established in 2002 to address crimes of international concern , including genocide and war crimes . His trial also marks the first time a suspect has faced an international tribunal based solely on charges involving the use of child soldiers , the court said . "  Today 's verdict will give pause to those around the world who commit the horrific crime of using and abusing children both on and off the battlefield , " said Michael Bochenek , director of Amnesty International 's law and policy program . Prosecutors said Lubanga led a rebel force that recruited child soldiers to take part in a bloody conflict . The violence occurred in 2002 and 2003 in the mineral-rich eastern part of the nation . Lubanga coordinated the recruiting of child soldiers and forced some of them to serve in militia roles , including as his bodyguards , the court said . Those testifying against him included former child soldiers , who told the court that he recruited them to kill , rape and rob . "  This case represents a huge step in the struggle against these serious crimes against children , " Luis Moreno Ocampo , the court 's top prosecutor , said in a statement posted on its website . "  Child conscription destroys the lives and futures of thousands of children around the world . This case will contribute to exposing the problem and in stopping these criminal practices . " Lubanga is one of more than a dozen people sought by the international court , including Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir and Joseph Kony , the fugitive Ugandan leader of the Lord 's Resistance Army . Lubanga 's guilty verdict sets a precedent for others accused of similar crimes , including Kony , who became an Internet sensation last week after the release of a video detailing brutality by his rebel army . Kony is accused of using children to kill and mutilate his foes across four African nations , including Uganda and Congo . CNN 's Bharati Naik contribued to this report .	The International Criminal Court finds a warlord guilty of conscripting and enlisting children Thomas Lubanga is the court 's first arrest and conviction Lubanga remains in custody pending sentencing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza left his position Monday , just days after nearly half of the NHC staff signed a petition calling for his ouster . Hurricane Center Bill Proenza left his job as director Monday . Proenza is still employed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -- a parent organization of the NHC -- but he is currently on leave , said NOAA spokesman Anson Franklin . Deputy Director Ed Rappaport has been temporarily placed in charge . Proenza , 62 , became the director in January after the retirement of Max Mayfield . Proenza caused an uproar last month with comments about a key hurricane satellite called QuikSCAT . The satellite is five years beyond its life expectancy and operating on a backup transmitter . Proenza said if it were to fail , forecast tracks could be thrown off by as much as 16 percent . He said Washington reprimanded him for the remarks : "  They wanted me to be quiet about it . " But one of the center 's longtime forecasters said Proenza 's comments were misguided . "  QuikSCAT is another tool that we use to forecast , " Lixion Avila said . "  The forecast will not be degraded if we do n't have the QuikSCAT . " Last week , the Commerce Department launched an unscheduled review of the hurricane center after word of the staff 's dissatisfaction started to become public . His staffers on Thursday issued a petition calling for him to step down . Watch how Proenza lost the confidence of his staff " The petition said the center 's "  effective functioning " is at stake as the Atlantic hurricane season heads toward its peak . "  The undersigned staff ... has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the Department of Commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible , " said the petition , which was signed by twenty-three people , including four of five senior hurricane specialists . Hurricane center staffers told CNN 's John Zarella they were unhappy not only about his comments about the QuikSCAT , but also about the environment at the center -- one characterized by closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry . Proenza on Friday told CNN he had contacted his superiors in Washington about "  ways to move forward , " but added , "  I am not going to resign . " Proenza told CNN he did not think the staff should dictate the leadership through "  signing petitions . " Proenza graduated from Florida State University with a degree in meteorology . He began his career in tropical meteorology in the mid-1960s at NHC and as a meteorologist on the "  hurricane hunter " aircraft , according to his biography posted on the agency 's Web site . He continued within the National Weather Service for more than 35 years , "  receiving numerous performance commendations and awards , including recognition from the NWS Employees ' Organization as the NWS manager of the year for his collaborative leadership , " the bio said . E-mail to a friend	National Hurricane Center director Bill Proenza has left his position Nearly half of the NHC signed a petition calling for him to step down Proenza came under fire for comments he made about the QuikSCAT satellite Staff unhappy with environment of closed doors , public bickering
Europe remained gripped by frigid temperatures and snow Friday , with the icy weather closing much of the Danube River to shipping and disrupting travel across the region . Central and Eastern Europe have borne the brunt of the unseasonably bitter weather , which has led to hundreds of deaths and thousands of cases of frostbite and hypothermia . Twenty-two countries have posted warnings for extreme cold temperatures and accumulating snow , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . The big freeze is not likely to end any time soon , Miller said , with the Arctic air forecast to continue spilling deep into Europe , keeping temperatures well below average and allowing the snow to continue to pile higher and higher . In Ukraine , the worst-affected country , well over 100 people have died and more than 3,000 have sought hospital treatment . State news agency Ukrinform said more than 120 ships -- most of them foreign -- were trapped in the Kerch Strait , linking the Sea of Azov to the Black Sea , because of ice . Parts of the Danube River , one of the most important rivers in Europe for commerce , have nearly frozen over for the first time in 25 years . That has led at least four countries to halt shipping along sections of the 1,700-mile-long waterway because of the risk of damage to vessels ' hulls . The river is also used for drinking water , irrigation and tourism . The stretch of the Danube running through Romania has been closed indefinitely to traffic , Romanian state television network TVR reported Friday . However , most roads had reopened as of late Thursday , TVR reported , although major problems remain on the country 's rail network . Romania 's capital , Bucharest , reached a low of -24 degrees C for the second morning running Friday , its lowest temperature since the cold snap began two weeks ago . Bucharest has not seen the mercury climb above the 0 degree Celsius  32 degrees Fahrenheit  freezing point since January 24 , Miller said . The average high for this time of year is 3 degrees Celsius  37 degrees Fahrenheit  . Snow is lying 11 inches deep in Bucharest but has piled up even higher to the west , in Bosnia and Herzegovina , where the capital , Sarajevo , has seen over 39 inches accumulate in the past two weeks , Miller said . A year ago , the city was covered by less than half an inch of snow . The Balkan Peninsula has been hammered with a series of potent snow storms , the result of a jet stream that has sagged much farther south than normal , allowing storms to pick up moisture over the waters of the Mediterranean and Aegean Seas and dump it on the already frozen landscape of the Balkans , Miller added . In Serbia , the death toll from the cold snap rose to 16 on Friday , Interior Ministry emergencies official Predrag Maric told Serbian state news agency Tanjug . The situation has improved , he is quoted as saying , since the government declared a state of emergency in 38 municipalities . Authorities are now focusing on getting food to people in the worst-affected areas , the news agency said . Five more people died of hypothermia overnight in Poland , according to the Interior Ministry , the website of the publicly funded Polish Radio reported , taking the total number of cold related deaths there to 97 . Turkish Airlines , the national flag carrier for Turkey , canceled 57 domestic and international flights Friday because of severe weather , the semiofficial Anatolian news agency reported . In a sign of the extreme weather conditions , the city hospital in Split , Croatia , has used two years ' supply of plaster in only five days ; a result of treating the high number of fractures caused by slips on the snowy and icy terrain , Miller said . South-east and western Europe can also expect more wintry weather over the weekend . Italy is braced Friday for heavy snowfall , with more than 40 deaths blamed on the cold snap so far , according to reports . La Repubblica newspaper said it was expected to be the most difficult weekend for more than a decade , with the icy conditions extending as far south as Calabria . Schools and offices were closed in Rome as city workers prepared to cope with as much as a foot of snow overnight . The mayor has issued an order requiring drivers to carry snow chains , and extra salt has been stockpiled for use on the roads . Heavy snowfall a week ago paralyzed roads and trains in many cities across Italy , leading to wide criticism of authorities . The number of beds available for homeless people in Rome has almost doubled , from 1,300 to 2,500 , and new shelters have been set up in many metro stations , which are being kept open overnight , officials said . The Six Nations rugby match between Italy and England in Rome will go ahead Saturday as planned , English rugby union officials said . Some weather-related delays and cancellations have been reported at Italian airports . Train services have been suspended in 12 regions , the Corriere della Sera newspaper reported . The center-north regions of Emilia Romagna , Abruzzo and Marche , where it has been snowing for several days , have been particularly affected by the bad weather . Local trains are suspended . In the northern Italian city of Trieste , an icy wind is blowing at more than 80 miles per hour and is expected to strengthen , according to the regional civil protection agency . An alert has been issued for strong winds over the next 36 hours , as people in the city report finding it difficult to remain standing in the gusts . The famous canals of Venice started freezing over this week , preventing gondoliers from plying their trade on the city 's picturesque waterways . Many parts of England and Wales saw snow Thursday night and Friday morning .	Temperatures in Bucharest drop way below freezing for the 18th day in a row The number of deaths blamed on the cold rises to 16 in Serbia , state media report Italy is braced for more heavy snow , a week after wintry weather paralyzed many cities More cold-related deaths are reported in Poland , taking the total to almost 100
Editor 's Note : This is the last in a five-part series exploring Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's background and life with those who know her , revealing the experiences that might shape her views as a Supreme Court justice . Sotomayor was nominated to U.S. district court in 1991 and federal appeals court in 1997 . CNN  -- Sonia Sotomayor had been a federal appeals court judge for about four months when Ellen Chapnick got a phone call in 1998 . The Columbia Law School lecturer 's students had worked and studied with Sotomayor as part of a program at the school , but Chapnick figured the partnership had come to an end with the judge 's new job . "  She called me up and said , ` You know , I really miss your students . Is n't there something we can do about that ? ' " recalled Chapnick , now Dean of the Social Justice Program at the school . "  And , of course , a judge rarely asks a question when she does n't know the answer . " That call , and the partnership that would continue another six years , captures the essence of the woman who has spent years on the federal bench , friends and colleagues said . They remember a tireless worker spending late hours in her chambers or on projects like the college course : A tough decision-maker who would pick apart any lawyer foolish enough to come to court unprepared ; a thoughtful jurist whose years as an aggressive prosecutor endeared her to law enforcement even as she developed a reputation as a social liberal ; and a child of the Bronx who maintained a heart for people from all walks of life as she ascended to the legal world 's loftiest positions . "  Her hobby is people , " said Chapnick , who became friends with the woman now going through Senate confirmation hearings on her nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court . "  I 've been in situations with her when everybody else around the table is a lot ` less important ' -- if you define importance by positions of power and prestige -- and she 's asking them questions . " Watch Chapnick on how Sotomayor put students ` through the wringer ' " In 1984 , Sotomayor , now 55 , worked at Pavia & Harcourt , a "  boutique " law firm in New York that focuses on international business issues . Her job included representing Fendi , the Italian luxury goods company that wanted to crack down on imposters selling knockoffs of its high-end handbags . Steven Skulnik , a colleague at the firm , remembered tagging along with Sotomayor on a police raid of a counterfeit operation in Harlem . He waited in the van . Sotomayor charged out alongside the officers . "  She had no fear , " said Skulnik , now with the New York firm Squire Sanders . "  That 's just her personality . She 's the first one in . " He and others also recall her working long hours with a laser-like focus as she prepared for a case . " -LSB- Co-workers -RSB- would walk by in the morning , and she 'd be reading something or writing something , " he said . "  You 'd say , ` Hi , Sonia , ' and she would n't even look up . She did n't notice . "  She would really bore in and make sure there was nothing about the case that she did n't understand . " That dedication hit her private life , Sotomayor has admitted . She told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " in 1986 that her workload "  was a contributing factor " in the divorce three years earlier from Kevin Noonan . Work also made it difficult to date then , she said : "  A man who calls you three times and all three times you answer , ` I 've got to work late . ' ... After the third time he begins thinking , ` Gee , maybe she 's not interested . ' " She left the law firm to take up President George H.W. Bush 's nomination in 1991 and served as a U.S. District Court judge from 1992 to 1998 . President Bill Clinton nominated her for a seat on the 2nd District U.S. Appeals Court in 1997 , and she was confirmed more than a year later by the Senate to the position she still holds . See Sotomayor 's life in pictures " Sotomayor 's most high-profile moment on the bench -- and the one that probably brought her as close as a judge ever comes to winning fans -- came in 1995 , when , with a stroke of the pen , she ended the Major League Baseball strike . The 1994 playoffs and World Series had been scrubbed because of the strike and the following season was threatened . Sotomayor , a lifelong Yankees fan , ruled in New York district court in favor of the players against the owners who she said were trying to undermine the league 's labor system . She told lawyers she did n't need to hear witnesses or see more documents after their arguments . See some of Sotomayor 's high-profile decisions " Chapnick said Sotomayor later talked about the case with a touch of irritation about some of the attention that came with it . Sotomayor remembered critics saying it was "  outrageous " that a woman was deciding a case about baseball , Chapnick said . "  She said , ` Why do n't they ask me ? I 'd tell them I had a mitt growing up , ' " Chapnick recalled Sotomayor saying . In her attorney and judgeship years , Sotomayor has made a good living , but not an extravagant one . She earned about $ 230,000 in her last year at Pavia & Harcourt and not much more as a judge , according to a questionnaire filed with the Senate . Of about $ 1.1 million in assets , nearly $ 1 million is the home she owns in Manhattan -- nice , but not exorbitant by the borough 's standards . At Blue Ribbon Bakery , nearby her Greenwich Village home , workers say Sotomayor , who was diagnosed with diabetes as a child , stops in almost daily for sturgeon toast or breadsticks and a cup of decaf . She 's thought of as just another neighbor and customer , Sasha Acosta-Cohen said . At work , Sotomayor the judge is described as straightforward , direct and no-nonsense . See how Sotomayor might fit in with the Supreme Court justices " A former clerk said she can be "  prickly from the bench " but is friendly away from it . "  When she 's in oral arguments , and when attorneys show up and they 're either unprepared or are maybe raising a weak argument , she 's very quick , and she 's very exacting and intellectually demanding , " Robin Car said . Away from the bench "  she 's really just a warm , extremely kind and caring person . " Car recalled a 2001 conference at Hofstra University at which Sotomayor introduced Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , one of the court 's most conservative members . "  I think he was a little bit unsure what she was going to say or what she was going to do , " Car said . "  She went , and she did the introduction , and he responded , ` Wow , that was the most thoughtful introduction I 've ever received . ' " "  Thoughtful " is a word Chapnick also used to describe Sotomayor . She remembers a letter from a former student telling her how , as a Hispanic woman from a poor background , she 'd been inspired by Sotomayor during the course the two taught together . In reviews of the course , students wrote "  not just how it shaped their view of the law but how it shaped their view of themselves , " Chapnick said . She said the last time she saw Sotomayor , the prospective Supreme Court justice joked with her about their course , saying a possible move to Washington was no reason to quit . At least , Chapnick said , she thinks it was a joke .	Colleagues recall Sotomayor as tireless , focused worker "  Her hobby is people , " says friend , former Columbia University colleague Critics call her "  prickly " ; former aide says tough talk is saved for the bench Lifelong Yankees fan 's most high-profile case ended baseball strike
CNN  -- An Orange County , California , man has been indicted on one federal count of knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda , federal authorities said Friday . The indictment also charges 24-year-old Sinh Vinh Ngo Nguyen , also known as Hasan Abu Omar Ghannoum , with one count of making a false statement to obtain a passport to facilitate an act of international terrorism . Nguyen of Garden Grove was arrested Friday morning in Santa Ana attempting to boarding a bus to Mexico , FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said . "  Investigators do not believe Nguyen was traveling with others , nor are they aware of a continuing threat to the public at this time , based on his alleged activities , " she said . Eimiller did not detail the alleged activities , and the indictment did not spell out any specifics of the alleged actions . Nguyen was scheduled to make an initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Santa Ana later in the day , authorities said . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Federal authorities arrested Sinh Vinh Ngo Nguyen on Friday Nguyen , 24 , also is known as Hasan Abu Omar Ghannoum , the FBI said He was taken into custody as he was boarding a bus for Mexico , the FBI said
CNN  -- A prominent supporter of Sen. Barack Obama on Wednesday compared Bill Clinton 's appeals for his wife , Sen. Hillary Clinton , in South Carolina to the tactics used by a former Republican strategist that are infamous within Democratic circles . Former President Bill Clinton responds to a reporter who asked him about criticism from the Obama campaign . When asked about the comparison , the former president reacted with disapproval , saying it was a distraction from what voters really cared about . In an interview with CNN , Dick Harpootlian , a former chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party and an Obama backer , said some of Clinton 's recent remarks on the campaign trail were appeals based on race and gender , meant to "  suppress the vote , demoralize voters and distort the record . " Harpootlian said the remarks were "  reminiscent of Lee Atwater , " a hard-hitting Republican strategist who worked for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush and whose tactics were reviled by many Democrats . Atwater died in 1991 . When CNN 's Jessica Yellin asked Clinton about Harpootlian 's comments , Clinton disputed the charge and lashed out , saying : "  You live for this . This hurts the people of South Carolina . " Watch Clinton rebuke the media " "  Because the people of South Carolina come to these meetings and ask questions about what they care about , " he said . "  And what they care about is not what 's going to be in the news coverage tonight , because you do n't care about it . " "  What you care about is this . And the Obama people know that . So they just spin you up on this and you happily go along , " Clinton told Yellin . "  And that 's not right . That is not right . This election ought to belong to those people who are out here asking questions about their lives . " The former president 's angry response comes just days before the South 's first Democratic contest on Saturday and is the latest in a series of heated exchanges between the Obama and Clinton camps . Sen. Hillary Clinton is focusing her attention on states with contests next month on "  Super Tuesday , " leaving the campaigning for this week 's South Carolina primary to her husband . South Carolina 's primary is the Democrats ' last big contest before Super Tuesday on February 5 , when two dozen states hold primaries or caucuses . The senator from New York is zigzagging across the country , while Bill Clinton makes the rounds in South Carolina and doubles up the attacks on Obama . Obama sees his rival 's absence as a good thing , according to Christian Broadcasting Network correspondent David Brody , who interviewed the senator from Illinois on Tuesday . "  He believes that it is a sign , in essence , the fact that she 's leaving the state -- that that bodes well for him , " Brody said . "  He was talking about the fact that she had said that ... he 's not running against Bill Clinton . But then , at the same time , Bill Clinton is here in South Carolina by proxy , running against Barack Obama down here in South Carolina . " The 42nd president has been immersed in the intense , back-and-forth exchanges between his wife and Obama , who said this week in a debate in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , that he sometimes ca n't tell which one he 's running against in the race . The former president has attacked Obama in recent days , accusing him of overstating his opposition to the Iraq war , complaining about Obama 's union supporters in the Nevada caucuses last weekend and blasting his remarks on former President Reagan in a newspaper interview . Watch the battle brewing between the Clintons and Obama " Clinton on Wednesday tried to distance himself from the attacks , telling a CNN correspondent that the rhetoric was "  crazy " and "  getting a little carried away . " But earlier in the day , the Clinton campaign launched a radio ad in South Carolina that takes another jab at Obama , highlighting some of his recent comments on the Republican Party . The ad plays a portion of his interview with the Reno Journal-Gazette in which Obama said in part , "  The Republicans were the party of ideas for a pretty long chunk of time there over the last 10 , 15 years . " The ad 's narrator asks , "  Really ? Are n't those the ideas that got us into the economic mess we 're in today ? Ideas like special tax breaks for Wall Street ? " The narrator goes on to say , "  Running up a $ 9 trillion debt . Refusing to raise the minimum wage or deal with the housing crisis . Are those the ideas Barack Obama 's talking about ? " Obama 's campaign has said the Clintons are mischaracterizing his comments , and Obama spokesman Bill Burton called it a "  negative , dishonest attack . " Watch what the exchanges could mean for the election " "  The fact that Hillary Clinton has praised Ronald Reagan and supported some of the very worst Republican ideas just underscores that she will say or do anything to get elected , " Burton said . CNN political analyst Gloria Borger said the Clintons "  know exactly what they are doing . " "  This may be a very smart political strategy for them . They 've gotten Obama a little bit off his game right now because he 's busy responding to Bill Clinton , and that 's not what he wanted to be doing , " Borger said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley , Alexander Mooney , Rebecca Sinderbrand , Jessica Yellin and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama supporter says Clinton 's appeals remind him of Lee Atwater 's tactics NEW : Bill Clinton rebukes reporter for asking about comments Hillary Clinton focuses on other states , while husband campaigns in South Carolina Barack Obama has said at times he feels like he is running against both Clintons
CNN  -- Slowly but surely , Rafael Nadal is feeling his confidence come back . Three days into his return to the ATP World Tour after a seven-month absence , the former world No. 1 has reached the singles semifinals of the VTR Open in Chile and also earned a shot at the doubles title . "  Today I had more confidence than the other days , " Nadal said after Friday 's victory over seventh-seeded fellow Spaniard Daniel Gimeno-Traver . "  That is positive . It gives me confidence , and reasons to believe that I 'm on the right way . I 'm happy to win in singles against a tough opponent like Dani and to reach the semifinals after seven months . " Having not played since his shock second-round defeat at Wimbledon late last June , the 11-time grand slam champion has slipped to fifth in the rankings as he has battled knee problems and then an stomach illness that forced him to miss the Australian Open . "  In this tournament I had a good feeling . The crowd gave me their support all the time . It helps a lot when you come with a bad feeling , " said the 26-year-old , who was to play French third seed Jeremy Chardy in Saturday 's semifinals . The seven-time French Open champion is seeking his 37th title on clay , having stretched his Open era win record to 256-19 on the surface . If he beats Chardy , he will face an Argentine in the final after 73rd-ranked Horacio Zeballos reached his first ATP semi with victory over fifth seed Albert Ramos . The 27-year-old will play eighth-seeded compatriot Carlos Berlocq , the world No. 81 who lost to Nadal 's doubles partner Juan Monaco in last year 's final at Vina del Mar. . Nadal will be seeking the eighth doubles title of his career when he and Monaco play Italians Paolo Lorenzi and Potito Starace . They progressed with a 6-3 6-4 win over Berlocq and Leonardo Mayer . Meanwhile , Petra Kvitova and Lucie Safarova gave Fed Cup champions the Czech Republic a 2-0 lead over Australia after the first day of their World Group tie in Ostrava on Saturday . Former Wimbledon champion Kvitova beat 168th-ranked Jarmila Gajdosova 7-6  7-2  6-3 , then world No. 18 Safarova upset No. 9 Samantha Stosur 7-6  8-6  7-6  7-4  . Kvitova can put the Czechs into the semifinals by beating former U.S. Open champion Stosur in Sunday 's opening reverse singles . Serbia , beaten in last year 's final , received a lifeline when Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova retired due to severe cramps when leading 6-4 5-4 against Vesna Dolonc in Nis . Daniela Hantuchova had earlier won 7-5 6-2 against Bojana Jovanovski , elevated to No. 1 in the home Serbian team due to the late withdrawals of former world No. 1s Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Jankovic through injury . Japan and Russia were also tied 1-1 in Moscow , where world No. 57 Ayumi Morita leveled the best-of-five match with a 6-2 6-2 win over 20th-ranked Ekaterina Makarova . Maria Kirilenko , at 13th the highest-ranked player in the first-round tie , won the opening singles rubber 7-6  7-3  6-4 against 42-year-old Kimiko Date-Krumm . The United States fought back to level at 1-1 against Italy as Varvara Lepchenko beat Roberta Vinci 2-6 6-4 7-5 in Rimini . Last year 's French Open finalist Sara Errani defeated 64th-ranked Jamie Hampton 6-2 6-1 in the opening match . The U.S. team is without the Williams sisters Serena and Venus as well as Australian Open semifinalist Sloane Stephens .	Rafael Nadal reaches semifinals of Chilean event in his long-awaited comeback He beats compatriot Daniel Gimeno-Traver to set up clash with Jeremy Chardy Spaniard also through to the final of the doubles event in Vina del Mar He and Juan Monaco will play Italians Paolo Lorenzi and Potito Starace
CNN  -- The death of actor and comedian Robin Williams has officially been ruled a suicide , the coroner in Marin County , California , said Friday . Alcohol and illegal drugs were not involved , the statement from the coroner 's office said . Prescription drugs were found in "  therapeutic concentrations , " the statement added . Williams was found dead in his Tiburon , California , home August 11 from what investigators suspected was a suicide by hanging . He was 63 years old . The death certificate , obtained by CNN on August 21 , says his ashes were scattered off the coast one day later . Investigators believe Williams used a belt to hang himself from a bedroom door , Marin County Assistant Deputy Chief Coroner Lt. Keith Boyd said at the time . Williams was sober but struggling with depression , anxiety and the early stages of Parkinson 's disease when he died , his widow , Susan Schneider , said in a statement in August . "  Robin spent so much of his life helping others , " she said . Whether he was entertaining millions on stage , film or television , our troops on the front lines , or comforting a sick child -- Robin wanted us to laugh and to feel less afraid . " Williams had "  a recent increase in paranoia " and was sleeping in a stepson 's bedroom because of insomnia and anxiety associated with Parkinson 's , according to the coroner 's report . A pathology report released Friday said Williams was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease in November 2013 , several years after he first noticed symptoms such as tremors in his left arm and a slowing of his left-hand movements . Last call made to wife The coroner 's report said his body was found about 11:45 a.m. by a personal assistant , who used a paperclip to open the locked door of the bedroom where Williams had been sleeping . Williams was found in a seated position on the floor of the bedroom with a belt secured around his neck and the other end of the belt wedged between a closet door and door frame . The actor was wearing black jeans and a black short-sleeve T-shirt , the coroner 's report said . A cellphone recovered from Williams ' pants pocket was dead . After recharging the phone , the coroner searched through its texts and emails and found no messages referencing suicide , the report said . The last call on the phone was made the night before to Williams ' wife , Susan , and lasted 38 seconds . In one incident the evening before he died , Williams took several wristwatches and put them into a sock and took them to someone 's house for safekeeping , an indication of his paranoia , his wife suggested . Also noteworthy , according to Williams ' wife , is that he may have learned of the suicide technique from a movie role in which a character Williams portrayed died from autoerotic asphyxiation . Grief and remembrance Williams ' death was met with an outpouring of grief and recollections . Friend Billy Crystal paid tribute to him at the Emmy Awards , and later helped Williams ' son , Zak , throw out the first pitch before Game 5 of the World Series while Williams ' other children watched . Daughter Zelda got a tattoo in honor of her father . Gilbert Gottfried , another friend , remembered a "  generous " man who was welcoming to his fellow comedians . "  To see Robin perform was an experience . He was more than a comedian . He was a comedy force of nature , " he wrote on CNN.com . Ellen DeGeneres , Jimmy Fallon , Conan O'Brien and David Letterman , among others , also paid tribute to the comedian . David Letterman pays tribute to Robin Williams Oscar-winning performer Williams ' long career was notable for his manic , improvisational comedy and his deeply felt acting performances . He won an Oscar for playing a therapist in the 1997 film "  Good Will Hunting . " A number of his other films , including "  Mrs. Doubtfire " and "  Patch Adams , " were huge box-office hits . He was also active in a number of charitable causes and frequently took part in USO tours . Robin Williams : Full of demons , full of heart On her Twitter feed , his daughter Zelda remembered her dad with a quote from Antoine De Saint-Exupery 's "  The Little Prince . " "  In one of the stars I shall be living . In one of them I shall be laughing . And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing , when you look at the sky at night . ... You -- only you -- will have stars that can laugh . " Complete coverage on Robin Williams CNN 's Todd Leopold , Greg Botelho and Dan Simon contributed to this story .	Autopsy reveals no alcohol or illegal drugs in Robin Williams ' suicide Actor and comedian died August 11 at age 63 Williams was struggling with depression , anxiety , early Parkinson 's , widow says Beloved performer was mourned deeply after death
University of Delaware students are being offered counseling after a doctoral student allegedly hid video cameras in restrooms around the university 's Newark campus over a two-year period . Police were alerted after a hidden camera was discovered in a women 's restroom on June 27 , the university said . An investigation led to the arrest of 38-year-old Javier Mendiola-Soto , a doctoral student from Mexico . Mendiola-Soto has been charged with 21 counts of violation of privacy . His visa has been revoked , and he is in custody . Police searching Mendiola-Soto 's home found approximately 1,500 computer video files . "  The analysis concluded that the suspect hid video cameras in other restrooms both on and off campus over a more than two-year period from 2012 until his arrest this month , " the university said in a statement . "  The scope of the recordings continues to be a focus of the investigation , and the police are attempting conclusively to identify all potential recorded locations . " Recordings have been traced to two restrooms at the Delaware Biotechnology Institute -- where Mendiola-Soto worked -- a unisex bathroom in the building housing the education department , and women 's restrooms in a library , memorial hall and laboratory , the university said . The investigation has so far identified approximately 40 potential victims . Police are contacting victims , and the university is offering counseling to anyone who requests it in connection with the case . "  It is extremely disturbing that this crime was perpetrated against our community invading the privacy of so many women on and around this campus , " university President Patrick Harker said . "  We have implemented several actions already , including security sweeps of all restrooms and changing rooms on all campuses , randomly timed examinations of all restrooms by custodial staff and increased police patrols throughout buildings , " he said . The university 's head of campus and public safety , Skip Homiak , said new technology had increased the risk of such crimes . "  Invasions of privacy crimes are becoming an increasing concern on college campuses and in public areas given the ready access to small and sophisticated spying devices , " he said . The university said the investigation was being conducted "  under strict guidelines and protocols designed to protect the privacy of any individual whose image may have been captured on video . " The video evidence is being securely stored and will be destroyed after criminal proceedings end , it said . Police say they do n't think the images have been uploaded to the Internet or shared . People who think they may have been recorded should contact the University Police Department hotline at 302-831-4800 .	A University of Delaware student allegedly hid cameras in restrooms around campus Police say they think Javier Mendiola-Soto , 38 , hid cameras for more than two years An investigation has revealed 1,500 video files , with some 40 victims so far identified Police are contacting victims , and the university is offering counseling to anyone affected
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  -- James Holmes sat in the interrogation room in his T-shirt , white socks and boxers . Gone was the body armor that police found him wearing when they encountered him outside a movie theater where scores of people had been shot . Police had cut it off . Craig Appel -- the lead detective in the investigation into the 12 killings at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater in Aurora , Colorado -- testified Tuesday that paper bags had been placed over Holmes ' hands to potentially preserve evidence . As Holmes was being interviewed , he used the paper bags as puppets . He played with his polystyrene drinking cup as if it were a piece in a game , Appel said . He removed a staple from the table and tried to stick it in an electrical outlet , the detective testified . Asked by a defense attorney whether he had ordered a blood test for Holmes , Appel said he had not . "  There were no indications that he was under the influence of anything , " he said . Appel testified that investigators found 76 shell casings at the auditorium where Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and wounding 58 more on July 20 , at a midnight movie showing . Most of the spent rounds -- 65 -- were .223 caliber , while six were shotgun shells and five were .40 caliber . Aurora police Sgt. Matthew Fyles testified the .223 cartridges were steel-core rounds , which are more likely to pass through a body intact and can cause multiple wounds . The details came on the second day of Holmes ' preliminary hearing , which could last all week . It is meant to prove to Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester that prosecutors have enough evidence to proceed to trial . Attorneys for Holmes , a 25-year-old former neuroscience graduate student at a nearby university , are expected to seek a "  diminished capacity " defense that could prevent the case from getting that far . Some of their questions during cross-examination have also suggested they are trying to make it appear Holmes might have been under the influence of something the night be was arrested . The term "  diminished capacity , " according to the Colorado Bar Association , relates to a person 's ability or inability "  to make adequately considered decisions " regarding his or her legal representation because of "  mental impairment or for some other reason . " The day wrapped up with Fyles , who detailed what happened to each of the victims , including a dozen people who were injured as people tried to flee . Fyles will testify again Wednesday morning as the last prosecution witness . The defense is allowed to call two witnesses . Chilling 911 calls played Also Tuesday , prosecutors played the first 911 calls from the movie theater shooting as they continued building their case at a preliminary hearing . The recording was loud , chaotic and difficult to understand . There was too much sound to make out what the caller was saying . Just one thing is unmistakable : the sound of gunshots . At least 30 of them . In 27 seconds . Detective Randy Hansen testified that the first call to authorities came 18 minutes after the film started . More trickled in until the torrent was complete : 41 calls in all , he said . Because the movie was still playing and , in at least one , the gunman was still stalking the theater , the calls are difficult to make out . In one , a 13-year-old girl called to say her cousins had been shot . A 911 operator tried to lead the sobbing girl through performing CPR on one who was still breathing . Family members of victims attending the hearing held each other and choked back tears as the calls were played . Police describe elaborate setup in apartment After detailing the calls , prosecutors turned to the intricate explosive web authorities say Holmes left in his apartment , including jars of homemade napalm with bullets suspended inside and topped with thermite , a material that burns so hot it is nearly impossible to put out . In photos displayed in court , the mixture looked like amber-colored gelatin . Elsewhere in the sparsely decorated apartment , a container of glycerin hung connected to a tripwire , ready to tip into a frying pan that held a homemade substance that would have sent sparks flying onto carpets soaked in oil and gas , setting them aflame , FBI bomb technician Garrett Gumbinner testified . A robot sent inside discovered the tripwire . He said Holmes also told him that he had left a boombox by a trash container outside his apartment rigged to start playing loud music 40 minutes after he turned it on . Next to it , Holmes said , he left a remote-control toy car and a control device that would set off the explosives inside his apartment , Gumbinner testified . Appel said someone took the boombox into an apartment where police recovered it and found Holmes ' prints on it . They never located the toy car , he said . Also , Steve Beggs , a supervisory agent for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , testified that Holmes had purchased 6,295 rounds of ammunition and four firearms beginning in May . Ten weeks before the attack , on May 10 , he bought two canisters of tear gas over the Internet , Beggs said . He was still buying materials into July , Beggs said , testifying that authorities have video of Holmes buying an accessory at a Colorado gun store on July 1 . In the video , he said , Holmes ' hair is bright orange . Court room packed with family , spectators In Monday 's first day of testimony , police officers recounted arriving at the movie theater to find a detached , sweaty Holmes outside and a horrific scene inside the theater , where the floor had become slippery with blood and cell phones rang unanswered . Aurora survivors : How they 're doing Holmes was a doctoral student in Aurora , in the neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus of the University of Colorado , Denver , until he withdrew a month before being arrested outside the bullet-riddled movie theater . He had been a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist , according to a court document filed by his lawyers . Holmes did not speak during Monday 's hearing . His bushy hair and long beard contrasted with the bright red hair and close-cropped facial hair he sported during previous appearances . During portions of the hearing , family members of victims held one another , sobbing . Security was tight . Spectators had to pass through a metal detector and then were searched again before entering the courtroom . At least nine armed officers stood guard inside , some of them scanning the audience packed with reporters and victims ' family members . University releases e-mails related to Holmes CNN 's Casey Wian and Jim Spellman reported from Colorado ; Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Cary and Greg Botelho also contributed to this report .	NEW : Shooter used steel-core rounds in attack , police officer says Detective : Holmes used paper bags for puppets as police tried to interview him The lead detective says he did n't need to order toxicology tests Police also play 911 calls from the July 20 shooting rampage
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has arrested an Iranian-born man , accusing him of spying for Tehran . He was carrying photos of various sites , including the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv , the Israeli government said Sunday . The announcement came as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu traveled to the United States to address the United Nations General Assembly and meet with U.S. President Barack Obama . Netanyahu has been outspokenly wary of Iran 's apparent efforts to improve relations with the West . "  I will tell the truth in the face of the sweet talk and the onslaught of smiles , " he said Saturday , in the wake of last week 's speech at the U.N. by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . According to a news release Sunday from the Israeli government , Ali Mansouri , a native of Iran who has also lived in Belgium , was arrested September 11 at Ben Gurion Airport as he was leaving Israel . He was traveling under the name Alex Mans , the statement said . "  He gave full details about the men that directed him and said they told him to cover up his visits to Iran , after he had been in Israel , where he reported to his directives and received instructions from them . His operatives hoped his Belgium identity would help him get around the security check at the airport , " the statement said . Israel accused Mansouri of working for a special unit of the elite Quds Force . He was plotting to set up a spy network in Israel under the guise of a businessman who marketed services to restaurants and stores , the statement said . Mansouri was promised $ 1 million , the Israeli government said . An attorney for Mansouri told CNN his situation "  is more complicated than what was introduced by the  Israeli General Security Service  . " "  He did n't have any intention to harm Israel and also he does n't have any anti-Israeli agenda or pro-Iranian agenda , " said attorney Michal Orkavi . Marzieh Afkham , a spokeswoman for the Iranian Foreign Ministry , said the ministry would comment once it finished its investigation into the matter . A U.S. State Department official , speaking on background , said Washington was aware of the report , but referred CNN to the Israeli government . Mansouri became a Belgian citizen in 2006 , the Israeli government said . They allege he was recruited to become a spy for Iran in 2012 . Rouhani spoke last week at the United Nations on his country 's nuclear program , saying Iran is prepared to engage in talks and nuclear weapons have no place in his country 's defense structure . Netanyahu said then that his country "  will not be fooled by half-measures that merely provide a smokescreen for Iran 's continual pursuit of nuclear weapons . " Jailed American 's family appeals to visiting Iranian president Former officer allegedly leaked U.S. military secrets to Chinese girlfriend Iran arrests suspects in 2011 killing of nuclear scientist CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem ; CNN 's Steve Almasy reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Jamie Crawford and Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : Iranian Foreign Ministry says it is doing its own investigation Israel says a man admitted to spying for Iran Israel says the man had photos of U.S. Embassy , other sites when he was arrested Suspect 's attorney says client had no intent to harm Israel
CNN  -- Would you stay in a country whose neighbor was hurling threats warning of an imminent "  moment of explosion " ? It 's a question many expats , business travelers and tourists currently in South Korea are pondering , as tensions simmer in the region . While South Korea remains one of the world 's most ethnically homogenous nations , approximately 2 % of the population comes from foreign shores -- many of them students or English teachers .  Some South Korean media reports estimate as many as 22,000 teachers of English as a second language are in the country . Recent events have left many unnerved , but also pragmatic , and looking to their South Korean colleagues and friends for advice . U.S. teacher Vincent E. Van Wattum , originally from Connecticut , has worked in Gyeongju , South Korea , at a boys ' high school for the past two years . Despite global unease over spiraling tensions on the peninsula , he says he and his colleagues remain largely unmoved by recent events . "  Reactions are non-existent at the moment , " he said . "  My co-teachers and I have never discussed it and it never comes up among Koreans in general conversation . " Timeline : North Korea 's threats and bluster However , he acknowledges that a moment of nervousness did lead him to take some precautions . "  I was  slightly  scared the other day when I thought I heard air raid sirens going off on my way home from school , " he said . "  Just in case , I packed a light bag , ready with my passport , some cash and a change of clothes ready to go if I need to get out of Dodge . " South Korea has had almost 60 years to prepare for any future conflict with its belligerent neighbor , and the country is quick in times of tension to roll out precautionary measures . South Koreans ' unflappability in the face of such an existential threat has impressed many foreigners , and encouraged some at least to feel safer . Floridian Tay-Marie Astudillo , who also teaches English in South Korea , recently noticed that subway stations in Seoul had been outfitted with emergency equipment display cases , including instructions on how to wear a gas mask . "  It 's the norm , " she says . "  I 've noticed the increase for about three weeks now , since rhetoric had really been starting to heat up from North Korea . I think it 's good the city is preparing just in case . " North Korea : Our global fear and fascination U.S. student Issis Danielle Gonzalez says her mother back in Rio Grande City , Texas , asked her to pack a bag and be ready to leave should anything happen . Friends of hers on the U.S. Army base in the Yongsan district of Seoul , where thousands of U.S. troops are stationed , also told her it was best to be prepared in the event of conflict . It 's a bizarre contrast , Gonzalez explained . "  In South Korea life is going on as if nothing is happening , but from the updates from my mom the worry creeps in , " she said . "  I just hope my wonderful journey in South Korea thus far does n't end in disaster . " The North 's fiery rhetoric has sparked jitters in the U.S , with a recent CNN/ORC International poll of Americans revealing that 41 % of those surveyed saw North Korea as an immediate threat to the U.S. , an all-time high . Californian Christina Danel , who is currently teaching English in Incheon , South Korea , has found that the stoicism of her South Korean friends and colleagues about the current situation on the Korean Peninsula is not shared by her American family and friends . "  They  my family  want me to leave because they fear , since Incheon is very near to Seoul , there is the possibility of a bombing occurring , " she says . "  All the foreigners I know are somewhat worried and are considering leaving the country early . " South Korea ` views Kim Jong Un as man-child ' Were the worst to happen , she says , she plans to get to the airport as soon as possible . "  Considering that North Korea has made failed flight attempts before , I feel that if they were to send a missile toward Seoul their calculations would be off and I may be in harm 's way if that happens , " she says . The pleas of her family were echoed by relatives of U.S. tourist Eugene Benoit , currently traveling in South Korea visiting friends . He , too , has been struck by the calm atmosphere , but his family members are unnerved . "  My wife and daughters and my mother are all saying : ` Come home early , it is too dangerous there ! ' " he says . "  But I say there is nothing to worry about and I am sincere about that . " Why tensions have erupted so suddenly -- and why now -- is a question many in the international community are struggling to answer . For Canadian teacher Leigh MacArthur , who has lived in South Korea for almost a decade , all fingers point to the North 's inexperienced new leader , Kim Jong Un . "  I feel that he is having to prove himself to his military -- some of whom I 'm guessing served under his grandfather -- that he is in fact in charge and still has his grandfather 's and father 's ideologies at heart , " he says . In Samcheok , in the east of South Korea , where MacArthur now lives , he says people are still very much carrying on with their lives , with no panic buying of essentials and people still focused on their day-to-day business . He , for one , is determined to follow their example -- for now . "  I made a choice years ago that I would not live in fear or worry about the situations that may or may not happen in regards to North Korea , " he said . "  I have n't thought of leaving the country , not yet . " Interactive : North Korea 's missile capabilities	Expats look to South Korean colleagues and friends for advice Many have families back home concerned for their safety as North Korean threats continue Some say they have packed bags and are prepared in case the worst happens Some are struck by the way South Koreans calmly go about their business
CNN  -- The head of the International Olympic Committee has urged soccer 's ruling body FIFA to take a tough approach against corruption when it deals with the World Cup bidding scandal . Two members of FIFA 's executive committee , Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii , have been provisionally suspended following allegations they were prepared to accept bribes in exchange for their votes for deciding the 2018 and 2022 hosts . Four other officials were also suspended ahead of a full hearing next month . The IOC expelled 10 members in 1999 following the bribery controversy in Salt Lake City 's bid to host the 2002 Winter Games , and its president Jacques Rogge believes FIFA should take similar action . "  I think the IOC took the right conclusions on something that was very unpleasant , " Rogge told reporters following an IOC executive board meeting in Acapulco , Mexico . "  We did everything we could and I 'm sure the IOC came out of the crisis as a better and more transparent organization , and I hope that will also be the case for FIFA . " The Belgian revealed that he had already spoken to his football counterpart Sepp Blatter following the outbreak of the corruption scandal . Blatter has already spoken out about the negative impact he believes the situation has had on the bidding process for the upcoming World Cup bids . "  He -LSB- Blatter -RSB- was so kind to call me when the whole issue emerged and he kept me informed about what he had done and the decision that had been taken by FIFA , " Rogge said . "  I encouraged him to do exactly what he has done and to try to clean out as much as -LSB- corruption -RSB- possible . " The 2018 World Cup will be hosted by a European nation following the United States ' withdrawal , with England , Russia , Spain-Portugal and Belgium-Holland vying for the rights . The U.S. is up against Australia , Qatar , Japan and South Korea in the 2022 vote , which will also be held on December 2 .	IOC president Jacques Rogge urges FIFA to take a tough stance on corruption in football Two FIFA members suspended pending hearing into claims of bribery in bidding process Olympic body was involved in a similar scandal prior to 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City In 1999 the IOC expelled 10 members who accepted gifts in return for their votes
CNN  -- Never mind that Susan Orlean took an obscure story of flowers and turned it into the masterful 1998 best-seller "  The Orchid Thief "  and was then played by Meryl Streep in the movie version , "  Adaptation "  . When Orlean told people she was planning to write a biography of Rin Tin Tin , the German shepherd portrayed in movies and on TV , even her friends were puzzled . "  Whaaat ? " many of them said . Sara Nelson talked with Orlean about how and why she spent eight years on the trail of one of the world 's most famous canines . Oprah.com : One man , one mission -- rescuing mutts Q . The book is titled "  Rin Tin Tin : The Life and the Legend " -LSB- Simon & Schuster -RSB- , but it 's really about the several dogs that played him . Much like "  The Orchid Thief , " it 's also about obsession . A : I think I 'm often drawn , whether I realize it or not , to the idea of what drives people . What do we love ? Orchids have been a source of passion since the beginning of time . Rin Tin Tin has been beloved and admired and dreamed about for nearly a hundred years . The dog and the orchids are both things that very disparate and sometimes unlikely people come together over . Oprah.com : 33 fall must-reads Q . One of the fascinating things about the book is the way it goes off on tangents -- about Nazi Germany , the 1950s , your own family history -- but still somehow stays on the story of "  Rinty . " Why did you construct the book this way ? A : I think writing a book is very much a performance . I 'm conscious of how readers will feel following a story when they might have started out thinking , I ca n't believe I 'm reading a book about a TV dog . Where I hope you end up is : Oh wow , this is an amazing story and I never thought about the culture this way . Or I did n't know dogs had weddings in the late 1800s . I just hope that people will get excited about learning all these things the way I did when I was writing . Q. What 's the biggest misconception people have about Rin Tin Tin ? A : Either that there was only one dog -- who miraculously lived for 80 or so years , I guess ! -- or the exact opposite : that there was no real dog , just a character . Oprah.com : Middle-school girls give stray dogs a second chance Q. Were you surprised by how emotionally attached you got to the story ? A : What has always fascinated me and what 's very emotional to me is the question of what lasts . People want to , if not live forever , have evidence of their existence live forever . And I think that part of what happened for me was that my dad died in the course of my writing this , and I started thinking about memory , the idea that things come and go and then they 're gone and forgotten . But Rin Tin Tin , by being reinvented over and over in people 's imaginations , became kind of a timeless model : He just keeps going and going ; his story outlives everybody . I feel great tenderness toward the people who devoted themselves to Rin Tin Tin and his history because I think everybody wants to have had their existence noted by the universe . Oprah.com : 5 books everyone should read at least once Q. Okay , in the great "  Stones or Beatles ? " tradition , tell us : Are you a Rinty person or a Lassie person ? A : I think you can love both dogs , even if you have an allegiance to one . I have no statistics to back this up , but my guess is that Rin Tin Tin had more boy fans and Lassie more girl fans ; after all , Lassie was female , supposedly , and the setting of her story was more domestic , including a mother , whereas Rin Tin Tin was definitely male , living in an all-male world . Maybe they represented opposite ends of a spectrum -- Lassie was about love and nurture , Rin Tin Tin about loyalty and bravery . My dirty secret is that I did truly love Lassie -- but I feel I 'm being unfaithful to Rin Tin Tin by confessing that . Oprah.com : 16 great books for dog lovers Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Susan Orlean is known for "  The Orchid Thief , " but she 's also written about Rin Tin Tin Her latest novel is a biography of the famous German shepherd from Hollywood "  I think I 'm often drawn , whether I realize it or not , to the idea of what drives people , " she said
Parenting  -- I was scrolling through family photos on my computer , admiring my two beautiful babies , when I spotted a disturbing trend : My laptop was open in almost all of the pictures . There 's my daughter , at 8 months , playing at my feet while I typed away on the couch . There 's me and my son , a year later , with the laptop at my side as I held him in my arms . I 'd heard about Internet addiction before , but always assumed it was something limited to socially challenged guys who played too much World of Warcraft . Now it seemed my Internet "  habit " was slowly but surely crossing the line . Sometimes I found myself up into the wee hours of the morning , surfing the Web while my family slept . I read the news , kept up with friends , and looked up answers to endless questions . I wrote my personal blog and read dozens of others , just for something to do . It turns out I 'm not the only mama who plugs in and zones out . Coleen Moore , coordinator of resource development at the Illinois Institute for Addiction Recovery in Peoria , says that she 's seeing more and more women coming in for Internet addiction . They 're young , they 're often new mothers , and they 're addicted to blogs , message boards , and Second Life , she says . These moms are contributing to a growing global addiction . There 's a movement among psychiatrists to recognize Internet addiction as an official mental disorder  just like alcohol dependency  . And a recent Stanford University national survey found that 14 percent of Internet users find it hard to stay away from it for several days at a time ; 9 percent try to hide their "  nonessential Internet use " from their loved ones ; 8 percent admit they use the Web as a way to escape problems . You 're likely not the kind of addict that Moore has seen -- women who do n't bathe and abuse drugs to help them stay "  up " for more online time . You may have noticed , though , that going online has become an imposing part of your life , which , at the least , means a load or two of laundry goes unwashed  and who cares about that ?  . But it may also mean you 're missing out on time with your baby -- something you probably do care about . Here , why we 're so susceptible as new moms to that blue glow of the screen . ' I feel like I 'm going crazy ' Tonya Barksdale 's son Joshua was born prematurely and released from the hospital under the condition that Barksdale keep him at home for two months without any visitors . Since her husband works long hours , Barksdale was alone most of the day . "  When my husband got home from work , I was clingy and dying for someone to talk to . I started to feel like a crazy person . I was becoming depressed without any interaction , " she says . Parenting : When postpartum depression lasts Desperate , she went online and found the community she needed . "  I 'd talk to people in chat rooms for hours . " But not about babies or parenting . "  I needed to feel like a normal person who could have normal conversations that were n't about breastfeeding or how many ounces my son gained . " Soon , she was spending as many as eight hours online every day . "  In addiction treatment , we talk about the fact that there 's a void , " says Moore . "  Whatever that void may be -- whether it 's emotional , spiritual , physical -- typically , we 're trying to fill it . " For many new moms , she says , that void is the isolation -- both the tangible isolation of being home alone with a demanding newborn and the mental isolation of diving into uncharted waters -- they often experience during the transition to parenthood . "  Being a mom of young children can be very solitary , " agrees Jay Parker , cofounder of Internet/Computer Addiction Services in Redmond , Washington . So it 's easy for them to turn online , he explains , to find other parents and create a world there where they are not alone . Once that world is created , it becomes an escape that moms may turn to whenever they 're stressed , lonely , bored , or sad . In addiction , they become dependent on that escape . Parenting : Ways to beat new-mom stress "  I called it my ` avoidance cycle , ' " says Jessica Rigby  her name has been changed  , a pregnant mother of three from Idaho who used to write four blogs . "  Whenever I felt overwhelmed , I would escape into mindless Web surfing . I 'd find myself circling through the comments section on my blogs to my photos on Flickr to see if anyone had commented on them , and then over to Twitter to see if anyone was chatting with me there . I 'd waste hours just waiting for someone to respond to something I 'd said or posted . " Because she 'd skip errands and allow her kids to make a mess of the house , she says , her stress only amplified , and she 'd dive into the avoidance cycle all over again . And even now that Barksdale 's son is a healthy 5 months and allowed to socialize , she still finds it hard to resist the Net . "  Today , I had to unplug my computer so I would n't go online , " she says . "  I probably spend the same amount of time online as I did when it was all I could do . " ' I can be a different person ' If it were just an escape that moms were looking for , however , they could flip on the TV or pick up a book . But according to a recent Babytalk.com poll , more than double the number of moms choose the computer over books or the boob tube during their babies ' naps , showing that they 're looking for something more than an escape : connection , yes , but also a way to express themselves . After giving birth , says Moore , many women feel like they 've given up their identity to the all-consuming role of "  mother . " "  It 's another sense of loss common in new moms , " she says . Flirting with ex-boyfriends on Facebook or buying a handbag online may remind us of the people we used to be -- the working woman , the woman who had time for art projects , the woman who wore skirts and lipstick . "  I 'm just a mother in real life , but online , I can be a whole person , " says Ashley Bryan , a mom of 2-year-old twins from Las Vegas , of her four-hour-a-day online habit . On virtual-living sites like Second Life , where users create avatars , moms can become anyone from a leather-wearing motorcycle chick to a college cheerleader . In moderation , trying on different personas can be healthy , assures Moore . It becomes problematic when the online identity becomes so appealing that you neglect your real-life role . Parenting : Moms ' dirty little secrets "  My husband feels like I do n't spend enough time with him , " says Bryan . "  He says that every time he 's home and can watch the girls , I dash online . " ' I have so much to do ! ' Online , you can pay bills , order diapers , upload photos , and look up possible causes of your kid 's constipation . In fact , you can almost accomplish too much online . "  Ticking items off a to-do list is intoxicating when you feel like you do n't have much control over other parts of your life , " says Parker  and what 's more uncontrollable than life with a newborn ?  . Diane Anderson , mom of a 7-month-old in Memphis , knows the feeling . "  I started following coupon sites and became so engrossed in finding deals that I neglected the important things , like time with my son , for a while . " After the Internet , real life can seem , well , unproductive . "  When I play with my boys , I feel like I should be getting something done , " says one mom of 18-month-old twins in New York City . "  I almost get antsy just hanging out with them , and I take regular breaks to check my e-mail , respond to a Facebook friend request , or order photos from Snapfish . I 'm addicted to online errands . " Parenting : Getting over new-mom guilt Going off-line Think you might be hooked ? Try keeping a journal of how often you go online for a week . Then assess what you 're missing out on when you do it -- sleep , family time , work ? Also note in your journal what was going on each time you decided to sit down at the computer . Was it right after a fight with your husband ? Were you bored ? By figuring out the triggers that send you seeking refuge online , Moore says , you can come up with alternative activities that help you deal . If you 're stressed , for example , you might take your baby out for a walk . Moore also suggests making small weekly goals that get you involved with the real world : Join a playgroup or grab coffee with a friend . And if you ca n't control your habit on your own , talk to a therapist who deals with addiction . Parenting : Eight ways to be a happier mom As for me ? I quit blogging after six years and am working hard to meet new people . Jessica Rigby is doing the same . "  Getting off-line has helped stop the flood of mama guilt I had all the time . I still have guilt over different stuff , but at least now I do n't have to lie in bed and think about all of the times my kids wanted something and I shooed them away because I was absorbed in my Google Reader . " Rachel Mosteller is a freelance writer in Houston . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Addiction expert : Many moms are addicted to blogs , message boards , Second Life They often seek self-expression and escape from their daily lives Some feel the Internet improves their productivity If you think you 're hooked , try keeping a journal to log how much and why go online
CNN  -- The string of attacks at the University of Florida in the past two weeks has sparked terrible memories of a week in August 1990 that sent a tsunami of fear through the student population and the city of Gainesville . Unlike the most recent attempted assaults around campus , the victims in 1990 did n't have a chance . For five students that year , assaults ended in dismemberment and death . The first attack happened the Sunday before school started . Gainesville police were called to check on two students in their apartment . When they arrived , the scene horrified them . Both Christina Powell and Sonja Larson had been stabbed to death , one of them mutilated , her body posed in a sexually explicit manner . Within 72 hours , five students were fatally stabbed , the crime scenes staged for dramatic effect . Police soon surmised Gainesville had a serial killer in its midst and it appeared University of Florida students were his targets . I was a freshman back then and remember students being pulled out of school by their parents , who feared their children would be the killer 's next victim . The killer was entering students ' apartments , usually through sliding glass doors , as people slept . Police said he was likely stalking his prey and was very meticulous , staging crime scenes and cleaning them up to avoid detection . There was a sense that no one was safe at night . Every day the killer roamed free and gruesome details surfaced , a wave of fear swept across the city . Gun stores began selling out , students traveled in groups or left campus entirely . The university even offered to reimburse tuition for those too afraid to return . Eventually , we all learned and memorized the names of the five students killed : Sonja Larson , Christina Powell , Christa Leigh Hoyt , Tracy Paules and Manny Taboada . After Taboada was killed , fear increased , because it became clear men would not be spared and were just as vulnerable . By the time the killer was caught and about to go to trial , I was nearing graduation . It happened that as a student journalist working at the university television and radio station , I ended up covering the trial . I was among those allowed to view the crime scene photos that were entered into evidence . I have never been able to get those scenes out of my head . The worst : a picture of a victim 's body on a bed with her severed head staring down from a bookshelf . It is the stuff of nightmares . They were haunting , purposely theatrical photos that were pornographic in nature due to the positioning of the bodies . All of them seemed to be scenes from a horror film too gruesome to make . "  I was here then , " University of Florida Vice President of Student Affairs Dave Kratzer said of those difficult days in 1990 . "  This community came together , unified and I really think that the closeness that was forged during that terrible time really is what you are seeing today . " This is a campus that never forgets . Long after serial killer Danny Rolling confessed to the killings and was executed by the state in 2006 , a memorial to the five students he killed remains .	A serial killer struck the University of Florida campus in 1990 Five students were killed in days , sending fear rippling across the city CNN 's Sara Sidner was a freshman at the university when the killings occurred The university is dealing with a string of attempted assaults on women over the past two weeks
CNN  -- 1914 was a good year for poster design . You 'd be forgiven for not knowing it was then that five of the world 's top poster designers were born : Tom Eckersley , Abram Games , FHK Henrion , Josef Müller-Brockmann and Paul Rand . Though they were from different backgrounds and worked separately , the five are largely responsible for bringing modernist design and typeface sensibilities to the world of poster design from the 1940s on . "  It was a sort of Golden Age of the poster , " says legendary letterpress designer Alan Kitching . While their names have all but slipped from public memory , a new project from Kitching and Monotype , one of the world 's leading typeface design companies , is shining a new light on their revolutionary poster work , 100 years after their birth . The results : a series of posters fusing each designer 's style with Kitching 's , and "  Alan Kitching and Monotype : Celebrating the centenary of five pioneers of the poster , " an exhibition at the London College of Communication for the London Design Festival , that will showcase Kitching 's work alongside posters from each designers ' estate . The artist at work I meet Kitching at his workshop near the London College of Communication . The smell of ink and metal hits you at the door , growing stronger as you move closer to the intimidating printing press in the back . Prints of his work -- eye-popping text images in rainbow hues -- hang from the walls , the ceiling , a drying line . The hundreds of typeface alphabets he 's made and amassed over the years  the largest collection in Europe  , from indecipherably small metal nubs to wooden letters the size of a man 's forearm , are filed away in stacked tiers , and leaned against walls . His only computer is a first-generation MacBook he uses to check emails . Over the last 50 years , Kitching has built a reputation as one of the world 's most acclaimed letterpress designers . And like the designers he 's commemorating , he 's inspired by the beauty of type . "  The printed word is still powerful , " he says . "  I wanted to take letterpress technology and move it somewhere else from when it used to be useful . " This dedication to type as art is evident in the prints he created for the collaboration . The colorful posters meld Kitching 's penchant for monograms  "  I like that idea of monograms : two letters interacting to make a third image , "  with each designer 's spirit . Their influences resonate like a baseline : Games ' initials feature the bold font made famous by his posters for the Auxiliary Territorial Service  the women 's branch of the British army  during World War II ; Rand 's feature the colorful simplicity that he would later bring to children 's books . Posters , now and then Kitching is quick to distinguish his posters from those being commemorated . While he has done functional posters , most of his have been designed as prints , strictly things of beauty . But earlier in the 20th-century , when the designers were first breaking ground in graphic design , posters were society 's primary form of communication . "  There were no other means of getting your message out there then . It was just posters , " he says . In a time before the ubiquity of photography  let alone Photoshop  , good design was paramount . It was all about the "  interpretation of an idea in a graphic way . " For these artists , this interpretation was realized through geometric shapes , meaningful text and inventive use of color . The diversity of their work proved these principles could be applied for almost any cause , from Eckersley 's simple-but-effective posters for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents , to Rand and Henrion 's branding work for IBM and KLM respectively ; from Games ' provocative war propaganda to Müller-Brockmann 's geometric orchestra adverts . "  There 's nothing between the message and the image . At a glance , you 've got it . You did n't need a lot of words . The image is the message , " Kitching says . "  That 's what they were masters of : condensing down a problem to a single cool item with bang . " The public generally responded positively  Games ' Guinness posters were universal favorites  , but each designer received their share of push-back . One of Games ' ATS recruitment posters was recalled after only a few weeks because authorities thought the glamorous woman shown sent the wrong message about the war effort , and another depicting a young boy in poverty was banned by Winston Churchill himself for being too negative . The others ' posters were derided for being too strange , too modern , and too ugly . "  A lot of people did n't recognize the things they did , " Kitching explains . "  They thought they were too advanced , too modern because they were working ahead of their time , really . " Yet somehow their legacy survives . The end of an era Much has changed since Eckersley , Games , Henrion , Müller-Brockmann , and Rand elevated the poster to high art . Changing technology has rendered their methods obsolete , and posters have had to become more brash and stylized to keep the public 's attention . "  A lot of things today have very fleeting life . It 's ephemeral . It comes out quickly and it certainly does n't last that long , " Kitching says . But the appeal of these modernist designs , now decades old , remains . Posters that were quite common during their time now sell for exorbitant prices at auction . And to Kitching and other designers , they are a vestige of another time when a handful of great designers ruled supreme . "  They were regarded as the high professional designers of the world , " Kitching says . "  Even now , people look back at them and say , ` That was a great time to be doing posters . ' " Alan Kitching will be speaking about the designers at Five Lives in Posters : A Panel Discussion at the London College of Communication on September 18 , 2014 . Intoxicating investment : How some whisky lovers are now making millions ` Time-slice ' photos capture beautiful landmarks , from sunrise to sunset Astonishing sculptures made from nothing but plain paper	Letterpress artist Alan Kitching and Monotype have joined forces to commemorate five poster design greats with a series of prints Tom Eckersley , Abram Games , FHK Henrion , Josef Müller-Brockmann and Paul Rand were the leading poster artists of the last century Their designs were widely revered by the public and the graphic design community
CNN  -- Russia announced Monday it might hold joint military maneuvers with Venezuela in the Caribbean , and the United States said it is scrapping a once ballyhooed deal with Moscow on nuclear technology . The declarations come in the wake of increased tension between Russia and the United States over Russia 's invasion last month of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , a U.S. ally that aspires to join NATO . Russian ships will make a port of call in Venezuela later this year and the two nations could hold joint naval exercises for the first time , both sides said . Russia denied there was any link between Monday 's announcement and the conflict in the Caucasus , although Russia has criticized U.S. support for Georgia , and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has long antagonized Washington . "  This is a planned event unrelated to the current political situation and Caucasian developments , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Andrei Nesterenko said Monday . "  The exercises will not be targeted against any third party . " The agreement on the Russian visit to Venezuelan ports was reached long before the conflict in the Caucasus broke out , he said . But he appeared to suggest Monday that Russia had proposed the joint naval maneuvers . "  If the Venezuelan side finds the proposal interesting and an agreement is reached , Russia and Venezuela may hold joint naval exercises in line with international practice , " he said . Several hours later , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Washington is canceling the proposed "  123 Agreement " with Moscow , which would have cleared the way for more trade of nuclear technology , services and goods between the two countries . He denied the pullout was directly linked to Moscow 's actions in the Caucasus . "  Over a period of time , we 've had some deep concerns about Russian behavior . And quite clearly the president has taken this action looking at the facts , " he said . Both countries had accepted the agreement and it was awaiting congressional approval . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov warned in an exclusive interview with CNN last week that Russia would not be pleased at the collapse of the 123 Agreement , which is named after a section of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act of 1954 . "  This would effectively kill any possibility for our cooperation to promote the Bush-Putin initiative on nuclear nonproliferation -- which is important for the entire world , " he said . "  As I said , it would n't be our choice , but if the United States does not want to cooperate with us on one or another issue , we can not impose ourselves on Washington . " But experts say Congress was unlikely to have given the deal a green light , and that the White House was making the best of a bad situation . "  I think -LSB- the administration is -RSB- making a virtue out of a necessity " by pulling out , said Russia analyst Jon Wolfsthal of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , last week . On the possibility of Russian-Venezuelan naval exercises , Latin America expert Wayne S. Smith warned against reading too much into the proposal . "  The Russians have complained about U.S. warships operating in the Black Sea , which is an area of intense interest to them . It would not be surprising if they returned the favor by having joint exercises in the Caribbean , " said Smith , a 25-year foreign service veteran who ended his State Department career as chief of the U.S. Interest Section in Havana . "  It 's a way of saying : ` Two can play at this game . If you think you can send ships into the Black Sea without response , you are mistaken . ' " But he said the mere fact of Russian ships operating in the Western hemisphere would not necessarily be dangerous . "  The act itself is not . Having naval exercises ? Fine , as long as both sides take it for what it is . It 's not a threatening gesture , it 's a message . " Frank Mora , a Latin America expert at the National Defense University in Washington , said the announcement could be part of a complicated bargaining process , depending on whether relations improve between Moscow and Washington . "  Something tells me that soon enough something will happen to tone this down , and possibly this exercise with the Venezuelans could be used to pull back on this issue , " Mora said . "  If things improve -LSB- the Russians -RSB- could pull back as a sign of commitment to improving the relationship . If tensions remain I see the possibility that this kind of exercise would occur . " He said the Venezuelans have little to contribute to a military alliance with Russia . "  They have a couple of destroyers , a couple of old submarines , and frigates that can launch surface-to-air missiles -- not anything sophisticated or robust . This would not be a robust exercise . It would be more about indicating strategic cooperation . " But he suggested that if the exercise does go ahead , it would be a sign of increased Russian confidence vis-a-vis the United States . "  They feel they are strong enough and bold enough to do something in our sphere of influence , " he said . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman appeared to shrug off the announcement . "  We exercise all around the globe and have joint exercises with countries all over the world ; so do many other nations , " he said . Chavez said Sunday that Caracas was prepared to receive the Russians in late November or December , according Venezuela 's ministry of communications . But he indicated Venezuela might not be prepared for military exercises by then . "  We 're only in the planning phase . We 're not ready yet for the visit and the probable maneuvers to happen in September or October , or even November . So it could happen , if not at the end of November , then at the beginning of December , " he said . Nesterenko said the Russian flotilla will include "  the heavy nuclear-propelled missile cruiser Pyotr Veliki and the large anti-submarine ship Admiral Chabanenko . " The announcement comes only days after a U.S. Navy command ship , the USS Whitney , arrived in the Georgian port town of Poti in what the United States called a humanitarian mission . The ship reached Poti on Friday . Russia said the fact that a military vessel is being used in a relief mission raises concerns . Russia has become a major supplier of arms to Venezuela since 2001 . The two countries signed a series of deals worth $ 3 billion in 2006 , including fighter aircraft , transport and attack helicopters , and assault rifles , according to Jane 's , the defense intelligence publication . Chavez visited Moscow in July for his first meeting with new Russian President Dmitry Medvedev . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Matthew Chance in Moscow and CNN State Department producer Charley Keyes in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon downplays development , says cooperation happens across globe Move comes amid U.S.-Russian tensions over ex-Soviet republic of Georgia Russian official denies link to "  political situation and Caucasian developments " Russia and Venezuela may hold joint naval exercises , both countries say
CNN  -- It 's looking like Apple 's next version of its iconic smartphone will be called the iPhone 5 . On Tuesday , the secretive company sent e-mails to members of the media , inviting them to an "  invitation-only event " in San Francisco on Wednesday , September 12 . The event is widely expected to be the launch of the next iPhone , but in typically cryptic Apple fashion , the invitation reveals little about what will be announced . The tagline says only , "  It 's almost here . " Of course , that never stops Apple obsessives from parsing the invite for clues . This time , the shadow of the number 12 reveals a not-so-subtle "  5 , " reinforcing speculation that the new device will be called iPhone 5 instead of iPhone 4G or something else . The official announcement of the September 12 date confirms what several media outlets first reported five weeks ago , citing anonymous sources at Apple . A fall iPhone release has been considered a foregone conclusion by most observers for months . Among the device 's rumored new features are a slightly larger screen , a faster processor , a smaller dock connector and possibly NFC technology that would make it easier for shoppers to make payments through their phones . iMore , the first blog to pinpoint the September 12 launch date , has also said pre-orders will begin that day and that the phone will be released nine days later , on September 21 . Many pundits also expect Apple to launch a smaller version of its popular iPad tablet at a separate event , likely in October . Next week 's Apple event will begin at 10 a.m. PT . CNN Tech will be liveblogging the announcement .	Apple is inviting the media to an event in San Francisco on Wednesday , September 12 The event is widely expected to be the launch of the next iPhone Among its rumored new features are a slightly larger screen and a smaller dock connector
CNN  -- Li Na 's hopes of a second successive grand slam final appearance were washed away between the showers at Roland Garros Thursday -- losing her second round match to American Bethanie Mattek-Sands . Li , the 2011 French Open champion , won the first four games of the match , but could not prevent Mattek-Sands closing out a 5-7 6-3 6-2 victory on Court One . The sixth seed did take the opening set despite a comeback by her stocky opponent , but fell 4-1 down in the second before the first bout of rain . The pair returned one hour 45 minutes later and in a short spell of action , Li retrieved the break of service to trail 4-3 . When they returned after another lengthy break of 90 minutes , Mattek-Sands took the next two games to level the match and romped through the decider . Li , beaten by Victoria Azarenka in the final of the Australian Open , refused to use the weather delays as an excuse . "  Lose is lose , I can not find another thing . The weather did n't change anything -- for both of us it was the same , " she told gathered reporters . Mattek-Sands will next play Argentina 's Paula Ormaechea for a place in the last 16 . Ormaechea beat Yaroslav Shvedova of Kazakstan 6-4 7-6 . Shvedova beat Li in the fourth round of the 2012 French Open as the Chinese star made her title defense , but was unable to repeat that form . Third seed Azarenka continued her impressive progress in search of a second straight grand slam title with a 6-4 6-3 win over Annika Beck of Germany . Second seed and defending champion Maria Sharapova played her second round match against Eugenie Bouchard of Canada later Thursday and was on the brink of victory , leading 6-2 and 4-2 in the second set when rain intervened again to end proceedings . She will return Friday to complete the task , while the same fate befell the men 's defending champion Rafael Nadal , who did not even get on court for his second round encounter with Martin Klizan of Slovakia . Top seed Novak Djokovic came onto court four hours late to play Argentina 's Guido Pella and the light drizzle persisted , but the Serbian had enough time to finish the task , winning 6-2 6-0 6-2 . He will play Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov for a place in the last 16 .	China 's Li Na beaten in rain-hit match at French Open She loses in three sets to unseeded American Bethanie Mattek-Sands Li won French Open title in 2011 Novak Djokovic eases into men 's third round
CNN  "  Attenzione , the wine ! " That is an old punchline in the Weir home , thanks to plastic cups of Chianti , a low bridge and a gondolier named Marco . His concerned bark broke the spell as my wife and I smooched and gaped , moon-eyed dorks on our first night in Venice . When I told my dad I was taking my wife to Italy for our first anniversary , he snorted . "  Where you gon na take her for your 10th ? The moon ? " He was right . It was perfect . Pigeons in San Marco , sunset over the Grand Canal , Bellinis and cheeseburgers at Harry 's . Venice entered our bloodstream that trip . But in the years since , I 've heard very different stories from disappointed folks back from their first trip to La Serenissima because the city of water and love now has too much of both . Too much water , and way too many lovers . Because this impossible city of palazzos and cathedrals is built atop wooden posts driven into the muddy floor of a lagoon , Venice has been slowly sinking since Casanova canoodled down its canals . When aquifers were tapped to build massive petrochemical plants on the nearby mainland , Venice sank faster . And then folks noticed that the sea level was on a slow but steady rise . In the 1920s , there were about 400 incidents of acqua alta , or high water , when the right mix of tides and winds drives the liquid streets up into homes and shops in the lowers parts of the city . By the 1990s , there were 2,400 incidents -- and new records are set every year . But , the Italians have a plan . It is called the MOSE Project . MOSE is an acronym for "  Experimental Electromechanical Module , " but it is also the Italian word for Moses , a guy known for parting the sea and protecting the faithful . It 's a system of 78 massive gates mounted to hinges on the ocean floor . The gates are filled with air , and designed to rise and create a temporary sea wall . Since the plan was hatched , low-lying cities from Miami to Mumbai have taken a keen interest to see if the idea can work . Everybody is still waiting : MOSE is now 10 years behind schedule , and $ 5 billion over budget . And on one early morning in 2014 , police rounded up 35 people at the highest levels of MOSE , including Giorgio Orsoni , the mayor of Venice . While several went to prison on plea bargains , the now-former mayor is fighting charges of corruption and kickbacks . But while I went back to Venice to do a story on rising water , instead I found a surprising drama about the rising tide of humanity . People know Venice is special and fragile , so they come -- to the tune of 20 million tourists a year . Meanwhile , the watery headaches and cost of living has created a mass exodus of native Venetians : 100,000 have moved to the mainland in a single generation , and around 60,000 remain . On a busy summer day , in the most popular section of the city , tourists can outnumber Venetians 600-1 . In Manhattan , that number is 8-1 . When a cruise ship dumps thousands of people into Venice at once , they squeeze down jammed medieval streets where purveyors of overpriced pizza and cheap masks have replaced the shops of artists and artisans . Each year , more people come . Each year , less get to enjoy the city we found on that first magical night . People have been worrying about the impending death of Venice for centuries , but the place is in trouble , now more than ever . And in an age of rising seas and exploding populations , Venice is a test . A test to preserve beauty , history and harmony from the greatest threats : time , tide and greed .	Venice , Italy , has slowly been sinking The city is testing a new system that would combat the rising tides CNN host Bill Weir travels to the Italian city for an episode of "  The Wonder List "
CNN  -- Americans hit the polls Tuesday in numbers that officials across the country believed would shatter election turnout records . Michael Bichara waited 2 1/2 hours to cast his ballot Tuesday in Westchester , Florida . Although more than 24.4 million people had already cast early or absentee ballots by Monday , the continued high volume of voters had people across the United States braving long lines . "  People were there in the rain , in the cold , with their children . People close to the 100-year-mark , with their walkers and their chairs , " said Elmira N. Luckey , a mental health counselor who voted in Richmond , Virginia . Luckey said she heard some people in the line complain about the rain , but added all those complaints were followed up with "  But I 'm here , and I 'm gon na stay here . " In Upper Darby , Pennsylvania , near Philadelphia , township residents and Lincoln University students endured lines that lasted as long as 11 hours and stretched past the state 's closing time of 8 p.m. Jacintha Johnson , a senior at the historically African-American school , told CNN that she got in line at 7:30 a.m. and voted at 6 p.m. "  Practically the entire school was out there , " she said . "  It started to rain . Students were complaining about being hungry . The school provided some snacks , finally , at about 10 o'clock in the morning . " Callers into the CNN Voting Hotline reported waits in the St. Louis , Missouri , suburbs of Jennings and Velda City as long as four to six hours . The county 's board of elections assistant director Dick Bauer said a lengthy ballot and what he expected to be a record turnout slowed the process . Election officials throughout Missouri reported extremely high turnout rates , on track to meet the state 's projected 76 percent voter turnout rate , said Secretary of State spokesperson Laura Egerdal . While that does n't meet the 77 percent voter turnout the state reached in 1992 , the higher number of registered voters will likely translate to a larger number of overall votes , Egerdal said . In the battleground state of Virginia , voters reported waits as long as five hours in Norfolk . In nearby Chesapeake , about 50 percent of the city 's registered voters showed up at the polls Tuesday morning . "  We started the line at about 10:30 a.m. , and we did not get done until 3:30 p.m. , " said Jessica Edwards , who voted in Norfolk . In Roanoke , Virginia , voter Valerie Garner was "  flabbergasted by the lines " at her polling place in a largely African American precinct . Garner , a freelance reporter , arrived at 5:50 a.m. , joining voters who had already been there for more than an hour . Share your Election Day experiences with CNN Nancy Rodrigues , executive secretary of Virginia 's Board of Elections , said that she expected 75 percent of the state 's voters to cast ballots -- up from less than 60 percent in 2004 . See photos of Americans at the polls " Michael Bichara waited 2 1/2 hours to vote in Westchester , Florida , a suburb of Miami . He "  was kind of hoping so many would vote early that it would n't be that bad . When I got there , I was like , ` oh crap ! ' " In Florida , early voting accounted for more than 4 million votes out of 11 million eligible voters . At the University of Central Florida in Orlando , students waited as long as three hours to vote . The lines at UCF were a result of many people showing up to vote without having registered in Florida , and a very small number of students voting early , according to Bill Cowles , the supervisor of elections in Orange County . "  The excitement on campus here is just incredible on both sides , " said iReporter Robert Gysi , a supporter of Sen. John McCain who watched the crowds from his dorm room at UCF . Across the country at the University of California , Los Angeles , campus officials said more than 8,000 new registered voters were expected to turn out among the 30,000-plus student body population . Hear about some Californians ' voting experiences " Pat McQuire reported the lines were "  incredible " in Hyattsville , Maryland , stretching about a quarter of a mile . The president of Trinity Washington University arrived around 6:15 a.m. and cast her ballot around 7:30 a.m. . But not everyone had to face heavy wait times . Watch a New Jersey voter describe his experience as "  smooth sailing " " June Smith said she was surprised to find no one waiting to vote at 9:15 a.m. at a Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania , polling place . When Nathan Grebowiec arrived at his Plainville , Kansas , polling place , the only person ahead of him in "  line " was his wife . Nevertheless , attendance at Kansas polling places was larger than officials had seen in that state ; the secretary of state 's office predicted 78 percent -- more than 1.3 million voters -- would turn out . Rebecca Halton , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania secretary of state 's office , said her office had no hard numbers , but that "  very high turnout " was being reported throughout the state . Election officials had advised counties to prepare for as many as 80 percent of the state 's registered voters to turn out . See voter turnout rates in 2004 " Amidst "  brisk and orderly " voting , Ohio 's secretary of state also anticipated 80 percent of its eligible voters would cast their ballots . The current highest turnout percentage of that Midwestern battleground state is 77.15 percent , according to figures on Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner 's Web site . Voters across Texas were casting ballots without major delays or problems , said Ashley Burton , a spokeswoman for the secretary of state 's office . "  If there are any problems anywhere , we have n't heard about them , " Burton said . Texas Secretary of State Hope Andrade predicted a 68 percent turnout rate -- a 12 percent increase from 2004 . CNN 's John Couwels and Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : Officials in battleground state of Missouri report very high turnout Despite long lines , rain and cold , Americans make sure they have their say People wait to vote as long as 11 hours at a polling place near Philadelphia More than 24 million people had already cast ballots in early or absentee voting
CNN  -- On Friday , January 18 , 2008 , chess master Bobby Fischer died at age 64 , the same number , CNN.com reader Susan Polgar points out , as the number of squares on a chessboard . Susan Polgar played chess and developed a friendship with Bobby Fisher from 1992 to 1994 in Hungary . No cause of death was given for Fischer , the eccentric genius who was renowned for his Cold War defeat of Russian chess champ Boris Spassky in 1972 ; his two-decade retreat from chess ; and his trip to Yugoslavia in 1992 , in defiance of U.S. sanctions , for a rematch with Spassky . After Fischer beat Spassky again , winning $ 3.5 million , he vanished from the scene once more . He spent his later life denouncing the U.S. and moved to Iceland , where he died . CNN.com asked readers to share their memories of Fischer and his sometimes triumphant , often turbulent life . Below are a collection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Frank Taylor of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Bobby Fischer was simply the best ! His aura was the main reason I took up chess , and the more I understood about chess , the more I came to appreciate his sheer genius . Like many others , I did have a problem with his anti-America , anti-Semitic outbursts and views , but his chess playing was pure magic . I 'd always hoped and dreamed he would make a final appearance and play Garry Kasparov . What a match that would have been . What a loss of talent . Gregory Campbell of Lewisville , Texas When I returned home from Vietnam , the game between Bobby Fischer and Spassky had just started . I did not play the game that well , but watching Bobby play was a welcome home for me . He inspired me to learn more about the game , and in so doing , I was able to recover from the war . I will always remember that game and what Bobby has done for me through the game of chess . Susan Polgar of Lubbock , Texas In spite of his obvious flaws , he will be remembered as "  The King of Chess , " a genius on the board and the man who broke through the Iron Curtain . I mostly admired him as a chess player and what he did for chess . He put chess on the map in the U.S. and changed the economic opportunities for chess players . If it were n't for him , demanding reparation and prizes in the '60s and '70s , players would n't be making the money they are today . He was fanatic about chess ; he was working on chess most of his life , even years and years after he retired . His dedication , passion and love for the game , it was his life . It was his profession . It was how he expressed himself . It 's symbolic that he died at age 64 , for the 64 squares of the chessboard . Tom Brabant Jr. of Lexington , Kentucky Bobby Fischer was a childhood hero of mine . His match with Spassky resounds in my memory like the Apollo moon missions , and he inspired me to learn chess . His book on the subject -LSB- Bobby Fischer Teaches Chess -RSB- was a focused treatment of winning chess games  using back-rank mates  . It was also a wonderful example of "  programmed instruction . " While I mourn his death , I teach college and would like to believe that a little bit of Bobby lives on in my classroom . Daryl Bertrand of Ottawa , Ontario As a chess player , I 've always been astounded by the mysterious power of Bobby Fischer 's play . As a chess teacher , I 've always tried to instill his courage and determination in my students . Surely this is the darkest day in the history of chess . Philip Skipper of Lake Charles , Louisiana When I was a young boy , Bobby Fischer was no less than a hero for me . I am now 51 years old , and I still have the yellowed newspaper clippings of his famous match with Boris Spassky in my desk . Unfortunately , Bobby obviously suffered from mental illness that progressed as the years passed by and eventually destroyed him . His remarks  ravings  of support for the 9/11 attackers upon the United States will certainly be as much of a legacy as being the American Cold War hero , and first American world chess champion three decades earlier . Bobby Fischer was a genius , a hero , a villain and a very sick man . It 's a shame that no one could reach him many years ago and save him from himself . Judy Winters of Port Charlotte , Florida Bobby Fischer was my first boyfriend . Starting about 1955 , I would go to the Manhattan chess club with my father . My father would play , and I would drink soda . I saw Bobby a few times there , and we would talk a little .  We were both the same age and very shy .  I fell in love with him at a tournament at Asbury Park , in New Jersey . We went to the boardwalk together , went on rides and played games of chance . His mother was real mad at him when we got back because he was almost late for his game . I think it was Memorial Day or Labor Day , Maybe 1955 or 1958 . The Asbury Park newspaper had a picture of me watching one of his games . I wish I could get a copy of that picture . We wrote back and forth for a while , and then I got too cool for chess and he got famous . One time , a Jewish friend of mine said I could n't marry him because he was Jewish and I was n't . I wish I could have seen her when he converted . I love remembering him in such an innocent time . He was just a person , like you and me , with a wonderful gift  and he was very cute  . If anyone can get that picture from the Asbury Park newspaper , please let me know . I think it was on the front page , because we were only about 13 or 15 , and he won . Gerry Christmas of Carrboro , North Carolina What happened to Robert J. "  Bobby " Fischer was tragic , Shakespearean in scope . Raised in a New York apartment by a single mother , he rose to take on and vanquish single-handedly the Russian chess behemoth . At age 13 , Fischer defeated Donald Byrne in a game now dubbed "  The Game of the Century . " Fischer deserved honor , respect and glory for his great chess achievements , not ridicule , exile and shame . Carlos Calderon of New York , New York That has to be the greatest loss for all chess players . ... I learned to play the game when he played B. Spassky , and I 've been playing the game since then . I 've been playing chess all this time , and it 's all about fun , and Fischer has been my inspiration . Just a week ago , as I was trying to inspire some kids from a school to learn to play chess , I mentioned to them that Fischer was the greatest American chess player . They were fascinated with the story , and it will be really hard to tell them that Fischer has died . It 's a sad day . E-mail to a friend	I-Reporter Susan Polgar played chess , became friends with Fischer in 1992 Polgar , a world-class chess player , says the chess world hoped for Fischer 's return Vietnam vet says Fischer inspired his love of chess , helped him recover from war I-Report : Share your memories of master chess player Bobby Fischer
President Barack Obama might soon find himself in a quandary in which basic arithmetic prevents him from faithfully executing all of the laws Congress has passed . The debt ceiling statute prohibits borrowing enough money to make up the difference between funds in the Treasury and legal obligations to spend . Anything the president does would violate some law . Indeed , anything he does would be unconstitutional because all of the relevant powers -- spending , taxing and borrowing -- belong to Congress . Many Washington insiders have assumed that if Congress fails to raise the debt ceiling , Obama could simply cut spending . But constitutional history says otherwise . When President Richard Nixon tried to "  impound " money that Congress had ordered him to spend , the courts slapped him down . During Bill Clinton 's administration , the Supreme Court ruled that the president has only a limited ability to cut spending even with congressional authorization . He has no constitutional power to cut spending without such authorization . If every action the president might plausibly take would usurp a power of Congress , what should he do ? He should minimize the usurpation . During the Civil War , President Abraham Lincoln unilaterally suspended habeas corpus . Lincoln argued that if that decision was unconstitutional , it was nonetheless necessary to avoid a greater evil : violating his constitutional oath to defend the Union . Faced with a dilemma , Lincoln chose the less unconstitutional course . The same goes for this president from Illinois . If Congress creates a trilemma , he must choose the least unconstitutional option . Some commentators suggest that the Treasury could generate $ 2 trillion for the government by minting two platinum coins , using an obscure law that was enacted for the express purpose of creating memorabilia . But doing so would be economically equivalent to borrowing $ 2 trillion and thus , even if technically legal , would violate the substance of the debt ceiling law . In a constitutional crisis , analysis should rest on constitutional principles , not technicalities . The core issue is separation of powers : What course of action would minimize the executive taking over legislative authority ? The answer is violating the debt ceiling , not cutting spending or raising taxes . By borrowing exactly enough money to cover the difference between funds in the Treasury and expenditures required by law , the president would simply be implementing Congress ' budget . By contrast , a presidential decision to raise taxes or cut spending would require many policy-laden judgments : Whose taxes would be raised and by how much ? What expenditures would be cut , to what degree and according to what criteria ? For the president to make these quintessentially legislative judgments on his own would usurp power on an enormous scale . Issuing debt beyond the debt ceiling would be unconstitutional but not as unconstitutional as raising taxes or cutting spending . Despite some confusion , Obama has kept the least unconstitutional option on the table . In December , White House press secretary Jay Carney said that the "  administration does not believe that the 14th Amendment gives the president the power to ignore the debt ceiling . " That observation is beside the point . True , some scholars argue that the debt ceiling violates Section 4 of the 14th Amendment . If so , then the debt ceiling is void and the president 's power to borrow money comes , not from the 14th Amendment , but from the statute authorizing the Treasury secretary to "  borrow on the credit of the United States government amounts necessary for expenditures authorized by law . " Putting aside the 14th Amendment , Carney 's claim at most shows that unilaterally raising the debt ceiling would override Congress ' borrowing authority . But that merely states one horn of the trilemma . Unilaterally raising taxes or cutting spending would usurp more congressional authority . Our leaders can still act responsibly by raising the debt ceiling or , better yet , by repealing it entirely . Congress can then control federal debt simply by paying attention to the gap between spending and taxes . It should not force the president to usurp one of its powers . But if Congress leaves the president no constitutional options , he must choose the least unconstitutional one : borrowing money beyond the debt ceiling .	Writers : Debt ceiling puts Obama in a trap ; executing law means violating others A president can not authorize spending , taxing or borrowing to avoid ceiling , they say Writers : He should borrow exactly enough money to implement Congress ' budget That move would be the least unconstitutional solution to his "  trilemma , " they say
CNN  -- Australia lost three late wickets as they ended the opening day of the first Test against India in Melbourne on 277-6 . Peter Siddle  34  and Brad Haddin  21  steered the hosts home after they stumbled from a comfortable position of 205-3 , losing three wickets for just 18 balls in the process . The biggest talking point , in front of a huge Boxing Day crowd at the MCG , was the dismissal of senior batsman Michael Hussey -- who has been under pressure recently following a string of poor scores . 2011 - The sporting year in pictures Hussey suffered his third first-ball duck in eight innings after being caught behind off a Zaheer Khan delivery . TV replays appeared to show that the ball brushed Hussey 's sleeve rather than his bat , but India opted to reject the Decision Review System  DRS  for this four-Test series -- meaning Australia could not appeal against the dismissal . Australia got off to a sticky start , losing their opening two wickets before 50 runs were on the board . However , former captain Ricky Ponting  62  and debutant opener Ed Cowan  68  shared a century stand for the third wicket , before Ponting was caught at second slip as he continues his near two-year wait for a Test hundred . India are bidding to win their first series in Australia in 64 years and currently hold the Border-Gavaskar trophy after winning the last two series at home . Meanwhile , Thilan Samaraweera and Dinesh Chandimal shared a century partnership as Sri Lanka ended the first day of the second Test against South Africa in Durban on 289-7 . Samaraweera  86 not out  and Chandimal  58  made 111 for the sixth wicket after South African pace bowler Marchant de Lange had taken three leading Sri Lankan wickets .	Australia end the opening day of the first Test against India on 277-6 The hosts lose three wickets in 18 balls after looking solid on 205-3 Michael Hussey is out for a first ball duck despite not appearing to hit ball
CNN  -- Aruban authorities said Wednesday they will analyze a rental car , electronic devices and the answers of a man termed the prime suspect in the disappearance of an American woman . Robyn Gardner , 35 , of Maryland , was last seen August 2 near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island , said Ann Angela , spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office . Aruba Solicitor General Taco Stein said no witnesses have come forward to say they saw Gardner and Gary Giordano snorkeling off Baby Beach . Witnesses have said they saw the couple on the beach . Authorities have impounded a rental car and electronic devices in Giordano 's possession , Stein said . Angela said her office could only identify the suspect publicly by his initials : GVG . "  He is suspected of involvement in the disappearance of Miss Gardner , " Angela said , adding that the man is a 50-year-old U.S. citizen . The prosecutor 's office released a statement later Tuesday that provided some detail . The suspect told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner behind Nanki Country Club when he signaled to her to swim back , the statement read . When the man reached the beach , the woman was nowhere to be found , he allegedly told them . "  The statements made by the traveling companion led to such questions that on Friday , August 5 , 2011 , it was decided to detain him for further questioning on the possible drowning of the woman , " the prosecutor 's office said in the statement . Michael Lopez , Giordano 's attorney , said Tuesday his client came to Aruba on vacation with a female friend he had met on a dating site and has known for years . Lopez told reporters that his client has been cooperating with police . Lopez said that on his client 's last scheduled day in Aruba , he asked authorities if he needed to stay . "  They did n't answer it , and on his way to the airport , they detained him as a suspect for murder , " Lopez said . Angela would not say what evidence led authorities to suspect his involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . After finding no trace of Gardner , authorities stopped their active search for her on Saturday and are now searching "  passively , " Angela said . Police helicopters and search and rescue officials are keeping their eyes out for any clues to her disappearance , "  but it 's not an active search anymore , " she said . Richard Forester , also of Maryland , told CNN he and Gardner have been dating for the past seven or eight months . He told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday evening that Gardner was n't the type to go into deep water , and would more likely stay by the pool . "  It 's just not her to go out and snorkel , " Forester said . Forester said Tuesday that before Gardner 's trip , the two argued over "  the circumstances of her travel " to Aruba . He last heard from her on August 2 in a Facebook message , in which she said they would "  work it out " when she got back . Earlier that day , Forester said , Gardner posted on her Facebook wall "  this sucks , " with no further explanation . She was scheduled to return to the United States on August 4 , Forester said . The Natalee Holloway Resource Center -- named after a young American woman whose disappearance in Aruba made international news -- said Forester brought their attention to the case Monday . "  Gardner is described as 5 feet 5 inches and 120 pounds , with blond hair and brown eyes , " the center said in a news release . "  She has tattoos on her left arm  back of her shoulder to her elbow  , her rib cage , and her right bicep . Friends and family members are pleading with the public to help bring her home . " CNN 's Martin Savidge and Josh Levs contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Authorities have rental car , electronic devices Robyn Gardner , 35 , was last seen a week ago near Baby Beach , authorities say The suspect is a 50-year-old U.S. citizen and Gardner 's traveling companion A man who says he was dating Gardner alerted the Natalee Holloway Resource Center
CNN  -- The whole world is watching how Barack Obama picks his cabinet , but he and his wife Michelle have a much more personal choice to make at home -- and it 's very political too . Sasha Obama , left , and Malia Obama will make the White House home come January 20 . When they move to Washington , will their daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , go to public or private school ? For many US parents , that decision is more revealing than the ones they make at the ballot box . What do you think the Obama family should do ? Americans of a certain income who choose public school are demonstrating that they trust the government to educate their children . Americans who send their children to private school are saying that the government has n't earned that trust . In some areas , it 's also been a way for white families to avoid sending their children to school with black children . Republicans tend to favor giving poor families subsidies so they can afford private schools too . Most Democrats , including Barack Obama , are opposed to the idea , because they think it undermines the public school system . It 's not an issue every president faces . George Bush 's twin daughters , Jenna and Barbara , were both college students by the time he took office . The Obamas ' two Democratic predecessors made contrasting choices . Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter 's daughter Amy went to public school . The Clintons ' daughter , Chelsea , went to a private school . In Chicago , the Obama girls have been going to a private school . But now their father is preparing to be president . All around the country , the media are reporting on the story and taking sides too . Some of them have already noted that the president-elect who opposes "  school choice " for the poor has been able to afford it for his own children . This week , Mrs. Obama took the girls to visit some of Washington 's elite private schools , with tuition of about $ 28,000 . In an interview with CBS News , she resorted to the kind of careful phrasing that practiced politicians use to avoid controversy . "  What we have asked people to understand is that the decision that we make will be based on the best interests of the girls . We have n't made that decision yet . We want that to be a personal process , and people have been really good about respecting that . " They ca n't avoid the decision for long . The Obama 's move to Washington in January , just in time for the second half of the school year to begin .	U.S. President-elect Barack Obama takes office in Washington in January Much debate about whether Obama 's daughters will attend public or private school Where parents decide to send children often indicates their views on education Michelle Obama : This is a personal process , we ask that people respect that
CNN  -- Below is the list of nominees for the 82nd annual Academy Awards . The Oscar ceremony will take place on March 7 and will be televised by ABC . Full Oscar coverage Best picture "  Avatar " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Precious : Based on the novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " "  Up in the Air " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  Up " "  The Blind Side " "  District 9 " "  An Education " "  A Serious Man " Which pictures have the most nominations ? Actor George Clooney , "  Up in the Air " Jeff Bridges , "  Crazy Heart " Colin Firth , "  A Single Man " Morgan Freeman , "  Invictus " Jeremy Renner , "  The Hurt Locker " Actress Meryl Streep , "  Julie & Julia " Sandra Bullock , "  The Blind Side " Gabourey Sidibe , "  Precious : Based on the novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " Helen Mirren , "  The Last Station " Carey Mulligan , "  An Education " Supporting actor Matt Damon , "  Invictus " Woody Harrelson , "  The Messenger " Christopher Plummer , "  The Last Station " Stanley Tucci , "  The Lovely Bones " Christoph Waltz , "  Inglourious Basterds " Supporting actress Vera Farmiga , "  Up in the Air " Mo'Nique , "  Precious " Anna Kendrick , "  Up in the Air " Penelope Cruz , "  Nine " Maggie Gyllenhaal , "  Crazy Heart " Director Quentin Tarantino , "  Inglourious Basterds " Kathryn Bigelow , "  The Hurt Locker " James Cameron , "  Avatar " Lee Daniels , "  Precious : Based on the novel ` Push ' by Sapphire " Jason Reitman , "  Up in the Air " Animated feature "  Up " "  Coraline " "  Fantastic Mr. Fox " "  The Princess and the Frog " "  The Secret of Kells " Original screenplay "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  The Messenger " "  A Serious Man " "  Up " Adapted screenplay "  District 9 " "  An Education " "  In the Loop " "  Precious " "  Up in the Air " Best foreign-language film "  Ajami " "  El Secreto de Sus Ojos " "  The Milk of Sorrow " "  Un Prophète " "  The White Ribbon " Best film editing "  Avatar " "  District 9 " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  Precious " Art direction "  Avatar " "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus " "  Nine " "  Sherlock Holmes " "  The Young Victoria " Cinematography "  Avatar " "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  The White Ribbon " Costume design "  Bright Star " "  Coco Before Chanel " "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus " "  Nine " "  The Young Victoria " Best documentary feature "  Burma VJ " "  The Cove " "  Food , Inc. " "  The Most Dangerous Man in America : Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers " "  Which Way Home " Documentary short "  China 's Unnatural Disaster : The Tears of Sichuan Province " "  The Last Campaign of Governor Booth Gardner " "  The Last Truck : Closing of a GM Plant " "  Music by Prudence " "  Rabbit à la Berlin " Makeup "  Il Divo " "  Star Trek " "  The Young Victoria " Music  original score "  Avatar " "  Fantastic Mr. Fox " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Sherlock Holmes " "  Up " Music  original song "  Almost There " from "  The Princess and the Frog " "  Down in New Orleans " from "  The Princess and the Frog " "  Loin de Paname " from "  Paris 36 " "  Take it All " from "  Nine " "  The Weary Kind  Theme from "  Crazy Heart "  from "  Crazy Heart " Short film , animated "  French Toast " "  Granny O'Grimm 's Sleeping Beauty " "  The Lady and the Reaper " "  Logorama " "  A Matter of Loaf and Death " Short film , live action "  The Door " "  Instead of Abracadabra " "  Kavi " "  Miracle Fish " "  The New Tenants " Sound editing "  Avatar " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  Star Trek " "  Up " Sound mixing "  Avatar " "  The Hurt Locker " "  Inglourious Basterds " "  Star Trek " "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen " Visual effects "  Avatar " "  District 9 " "  Star Trek "	Oscar nominations announced Tuesday morning ; ceremony to be March 7 "  Avatar , " "  The Hurt Locker " among leading nominees Sci-fi film "  District 9 " earns nominations for best picture , adapted screenplay
CNN  -- Ayan Mohamed wears a niqab that covers her face , not for religious reasons but to hide what lies beneath . "  She wears it to cover the deformity . She covers it because people would stare , children would cry , " says Edna Adan Ismail , Somaliland 's former foreign minister and first lady . "  It 's not easy to look at . " Ismail founded the region 's first maternity hospital , The Edna Adan University Hospital . The facility is now a bustling general clinic providing care to all . For 11 years , she 's been seeking help to repair Mohamed 's face , which was torn apart by shrapnel during the Somali Civil War . Mohamed was just two years old when she was injured . She is now 25 and ca n't close her right eye . Food falls from the hole in her cheek when she tries to eat . She 's long learned to deal with stares and awkward questions . "  The hardest thing for her is when somebody asks what happened to her face , " Ismail says , translating the softly spoken words from Mohamed , who 's seated beside her . "  It just hurts me , " Mohamed says . They 're sitting at a press conference in Brisbane , Australia , a shiny modern city some 10,000 kilometers  6,000 miles  -- and a world away -- from her home and her daughter in Burao , northwest Somaliland in the Horn of Africa . Her child , Marwa , is just two years old , the same age as Mohamed when she was so horrifically injured . Oral and maxillofacial surgeon Dr. John Arvier from the Wesley Hospital is explaining the extent of the damage to her face and what 's going to be done to fix it by a team of experts , who are offering their services for free . "  Essentially Ayan is missing most of the tissue of her midface from the bottom part of the eye socket , the whole top jaw and most of the cheekbone and her palate , " Arvier says . "  The surgery will involve replacing , with a small synthetic implant , the rim of the eye socket . Then the bulk of the missing tissue will be replaced by muscle that comes up under the cheekbone on the side of the head . " Skin taken from her forearm will be moved to her face , and a plastic surgeon will also use cartilage from her ear to rebuild her nostril . Extensive dental work will then be needed to reshape her smile . From behind her veil , Mohamed expresses her faith in the team of surgeons . "  I 'm confident , I 'm not worried . " Ismail adds , "  She 's a brave woman . She 's had to live with this a long time ... she 's very relaxed . I 'm the one who 's falling apart . " She first heard of Mohamed 's plight when the girl 's mother went to her hospital several years ago seeking help . Then , the hospital in Hargeisa , Somaliland had been open just one year and did n't have the expertise to deal with Mohamed 's problems . It still does n't . Ismail spread the word about Mohamed 's injuries and a website was built . Photos were taken . And , since it was uploaded to YouTube in 2009 , a video about Mohamed 's need for help has been viewed more than two million times . Two years ago , a group of Rotarians in Australia met and vowed to bring Mohamed to the country for surgery . It was n't easy . There 's no postal service in Somaliland so something as simple as sending a letter required outside help . And then there was the travel -- Mohamed had to travel hundreds of kilometers to the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa for scans , x-rays and assessments . Just when the medical challenges seemed to have been resolved , the Australian government refused Mohamed 's visa application . It was the second time a country had denied her approval to enter because her injuries were n't deemed to be life threatening . "  Since this is not a growing cancer or a heart condition or a situation that could kill her overnight , I guess some people would classify that as not life threatening , " Ismail says . "  But then when you 're a young women what 's more life threatening than not having a face ? " "  The first visa denial was from the United States , and that was hard . And then when the visa was denied a second time in Australia , we thought ` who will have the courage to tell this to Ayan ? ' , " she says . "  Here 's a woman who 's only begging to have medical treatment which she 's not able to access anywhere else . I 'm glad that the decision was reversed , " she adds . Since Mohamed arrived in Brisbane there have been a number of firsts . "  She saw a river for the first time yesterday , " Ismail says . "  And walking up to this conference room she saw fish in a fish tank for the first time . "  She rode an elevator for the first time  and  we had a few lessons to learn how to ride the escalator -- we had a few almost-trips but we 're here , " she laughs . Ayan will undergo surgery on Saturday . Recovery will take weeks , if not months . When the scars have healed Ayan hopes to be able to face the world for the first time with nothing to hide . "  She says she 's looking forward to removing this , " Ismail says , motioning toward the black niqab that cloaks Ayan 's features , "  and to have a face like everyone else . "	Ayan Mohamed to undergo surgery in Brisbane to rebuild her face She was disfigured at the age of two during the Somali Civil War Ayan is now 25 and has endured years of stares , pain and shame Surgery in Brisbane is the result of an 11-year plea for help from Edna Adan Ismail
CNN  -- When Christopher Moore is n't jumping rope , shooting baskets or playing the board game Chutes and Ladders , the 8-year-old can often be found at home using his ninja fighting skills , protecting the world from would-be enemies . Roger Walland and daughters Rachel , 5 , and Jennifer , 2 , of Plano , Texas , play with Nintendo 's popular Wii system . "  I 'm trying to save the other people from being hurt , " he said of his Avatar video game adventures . "  And I be beating him bad , " he added with a coy smile and a nod toward his 15-year-old brother . The Moore household , in Birmingham , Alabama , enjoys a good blend of at-home entertainment , something the foursome is doing more and more during these precarious financial times , explains the boys ' mother , Lisa Moore . They grill , play outdoors or whip out traditional games that may be decades old , and although she does n't plop down at the video console with them , the boys and her husband often duke it out virtually . "  They 're always in competition , " she said with a laugh . "  It keeps them busy . It keeps them occupied . " iReport.com : Show us how you 're entertaining yourself on the cheap Numbers show that at-home entertainment is doing better than ever , flying in the financial face of so many industries that are struggling in this recession . Netflix , a DVD rental service , has had a record quarter and now boasts 10 million subscribers . With no late fees , a selection of 100,000 titles  outdoing typical video stores by about 97,000  , free postage , nine price plans and now the ability to stream 12,000 movies , Netflix 's offerings are resonating loudly with concerned consumers , spokesman Steve Swasey says . Watch report on booming video game sales " "  Netflix has always provided unprecedented convenience and value ... -LSB- and -RSB- has been a growth company for the past 10 years , " Swasey explained . "  There 's something for everybody . ... Right now we think -LSB- the surge in success -RSB- is because the value argument is stronger . People are n't buying DVDs , and they 're not going out as much . " Bang for the buck and "  affordable escapism " is what people want , agrees Scott Steinberg , publisher of DigitalTrends.com . That shows , too , in the gaming industry , which has become a $ 22 billion business , the Entertainment Software Association reported this year . A movie , concert or sporting event gives several hours of entertainment . But a video game , even if it seems pricey at $ 60 , can offer 40 hours of fun , Steinberg says , and can amount to a "  much sounder investment . " And many games can be downloaded cheaply or for free online , from the comfort of one 's home . "  It 's all about instant gratification , " he said , adding that iTunes and streaming video services are two other examples of booming businesses . "  You can sit there in your boxers with Cheetos on your chest and have a grand old time . " The gaming experience , too , has changed with the years . Five years ago , online gaming was considered a solitary activity , says David Williams , who heads up the Nickelodeon Kids and Family Games Group . And although games can still be played alone , the social component is burgeoning . "  Over a third of families will play games together online , " Williams said . They 're staying home more , and they 're "  using games to connect with one another . " Addicting Games , a Nickelodeon free online brand that caters to teens and tweens , counted 40 million visits from 11 million individuals last month alone , Williams says . Another Nickelodeon brand , Shockwave , has also grown . The free offerings have boomed , but he said the subscription business , too , has continued to grow "  more than 20 percent year after year . " When it comes to the games children and adolescents play , many parents such as Lisa Moore may choose to sit it out . But Christina Vercelletto , a senior editor at Parenting magazine , says that engaging in the games with them can do a family good . "  It can be an opportunity to bond with your kids , " she said . If parents express interest , kids "  will probably be thrilled . And you 'll get a little window into what has them so excited . " Plus , by playing the games , parents can determine how comfortable they are with what their kids are doing . For those who want to get the opinions of others , she points out that the Entertainment Software Rating Board provides feedback and that parents are always learning from one another on , for instance , discussion boards . Beyond traditional entertainment , people watching their wallets can watch out for themselves while staying home . Take , for instance , the practice of yoga . Rodney Yee , a nationally recognized instructor , says video and DVD sales are up . Also thriving is the Gaiam Yoga Club , his and his wife 's first of its kind online 12-week yoga practice , which costs $ 5 a week . "  I really believe that this is an opportunity for all of us to re-evaluate the way we live in the world , " Yee said . "  Even though they seem like hard times , they 're reflective times . We can look at our lives and question what we value by what we 're doing . "	At-home entertainment businesses soar as other industries struggle in recession Netflix subscribers break 10 million ; gaming industry grows to $ 22 billion business Games can bring families together and provide insights into children , experts say Tough times are good time to reflect , and do yoga , Rodney Yee says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A car bomb exploded outside the Swedish consulate in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi on Friday morning , damaging the consulate but injuring no one , the office 's chief told CNN . The bomb detonated around 11:30 a.m. Surveillance video shows a driver parking the vehicle near the consulate 's front gate and then leaving the car before the blast , consular chief Anders Nilsson said . No one has claimed responsibility , he said . Nilsson said he was in an apartment at the back of the building when he heard the blast . A "  hail of glass flew through the building , " he said . The building 's front is "  entirely black , " and all the apartment 's windows and doors are "  blown out , " according to Nilsson . "  We found a hubcap belonging to the vehicle inside the consulate , " he said . Eight people live in the consulate , which is now closed because of the explosion . The eight will remain elsewhere in Benghazi , Nilsson said .	A car was parked in front of the gate ; the driver left , the consular chief says A "  hail of glass flew through the building , " the consular chief says No injuries are reported ; eight who live there will stay elsewhere in Benghazi
CNN  -- The unbearable stench of rotting flesh . The search for relatives under heaps of rubble . The desperate pleas for food and water . This is the scene playing out across much of the eastern Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan tore through . Just a few days ago , Tacloban was a bustling city ; now , it 's a devastated wasteland . How did this happen ? Here 's a moment-by-moment account of how the typhoon plowed through the Philippines and changed the lives of millions forever . CNN OPEN STORY : Typhoon Haiyan 's impact Anxiety before the storm Even before Super Typhoon Haiyan struck Friday morning , forecasters warned it might be the strongest storm in recorded history . It was 3.5 times more ferocious than Hurricane Katrina -- and big enough to stretch from Spain to Sweden . More than 700,000 Filipinos heeded warnings and evacuated to Red Cross shelters , Philippine Red Cross Chairman Richard Gordon said . But even emergency shelters proved no match for the storm . "  People died there as well , " Gordon said . The first hit The deafening winds started howling around 5 a.m. Friday . That 's when the super typhoon made landfall in the eastern Philippines . But it was n't the abysmal 380-kph  235-mph  wind gusts that pulverized Leyte province . It was the epic 5-meter-tall  16-foot-high  wall of ocean water that crushed the city of Tacloban , smashing houses and floating them away . Within seconds , the storm surge ripped children out of their parents ' arms and washed them out to sea . Three of Marvin Isanan 's daughters -- ages 8 , 13 and 15 -- were among those torn away . Isanan and his wife later found the bodies of the two younger girls . "  Only the eldest one is missing , " Isanan said through tears . "  I hope she 's alive . " INTERACTIVE : ` The one building that survived the storm ' Deadly debris in the water Moments after the storm surge came the next danger -- countless hazards in the rushing water , now up to two stories high . Bernadette Tenegra 's daughter was impaled by wooden splinters from smashed houses . The mother tried to help , but her daughter insisted she leave her behind , Tenegra said . "  Ma , just let go . Save yourself , " Tenegra quoted her daughter 's last words to the Philippine Daily Inquirer . CNN 's Andrew Stevens and Tim Schwarz and a team of storm chasers chronicled Haiyan 's wrath from a hotel in Tacloban . But they quickly realized they would have to jump into the water and double as rescue workers to save those on the ground floor . "  The water came up with such alarming speed that it caught these people off guard , " storm chaser James Reynolds said . He ca n't shake "  the chilling sound of a woman screaming desperately as she was smashing a window with her hands . " Armed with mattresses , they ferried an elderly woman and a disabled woman across waist-high stormwater . But one of Reynolds ' colleagues , Mark Thomas , suffered a massive leg injury when a rusty , jagged piece of sheet metal sliced his shin to the bone from under the water . Apocalyptic scene As the mammoth flooding began to subside , it left behind a catastrophic scene -- heaps atop of heaps of rubble where people were still trapped . By Saturday , officials found more than 100 bodies scattered on the streets of Tacloban . And that 's just one city . The Philippines has thousands of islands . And calculating the damage across all of them -- not to mention getting crucial aid to survivors -- has been greatly hindered by power outages , damaged airports and debris-covered roads . The Philippine Red Cross chairman said Saturday it may be another day or two before aid can arrive in Tacloban . "  It really is an awful , awful situation , " Gordon said . Desperate for food and water , some residents broke into grocery stores to keep their families alive . Others found themselves suddenly without families . "  Our house got demolished , " one woman told CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  My father died after being hit by falling wooden debris . We are calling for your help . If possible , please bring us food . We do n't have anything to eat . " One man said he was still trying to find six family members . "  My child has been buried in that island , " he said . Pleas for aid For days , residents decried what they called incredibly slow aid responses -- including by local authorities . But there 's a reason for that , Tacloban Mayor Alfred Romualdez said Tuesday . "  We were paralyzed here in the city government , " the mayor said . "  Out of 300 policemen , only less than 30 were able to make it and showed up . And many are still missing . " Some residents have gone days without food or water . In an act of desperation , many walked hours to the Tacloban airport searching for sustenance and a chance to escape . "  Get international help to come here now -- not tomorrow , now , " Magina Fernandez said . "  This is really , really , like , bad . Bad . Worse than hell . " The countless dead No one knows how many people Haiyan killed . By Tuesday , officials had counted 1,774 of the bodies , but say that number may just be scratching the surface . Some say a death toll of 10,000 is entirely possible . "  We have bodies in the water , bodies on the bridges , bodies on the side of the road , " the Philippine Red Cross chairman said . The Tacloban mayor added that untold numbers of bodies are also hidden under rubble . More concerns ahead The thick stench of decomposing bodies forced many survivors to cover their faces with towels or shirts . But between grieving the dead and fighting for their own survival , it may be among the least of their worries . But the next concern is sanitation -- and whether those bodies could lead to a wave of disease . Surrounded by rubble , children swarmed around a public well in Tacloban . They doused themselves with water and fill plastic cups and jugs . "  Even though we 're not sure that it is clean and safe , " Roselda Sumapit said , "  we still drink it , because we need to survive . " CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Paula Hancocks , Anna Coren and Ivan Watson in the Philippines and Brandon Miller in Atlanta contributed to this report .	More than 700,000 Filipinos evacuated before the storm , but some of them still died The mayor of hard-hit Tacloban says many emergency workers became victims Parents and children were ripped apart when a 16-foot wall of ocean water crushed Tacloban Some residents have gone several days without food or water
CNN  -- Not long before he took office , President Barack Obama said something I am sure he now regrets . "  There are a lot of people who seem to think they know how to run this country . I hope they 'll let me hear from them . " At least I think I remember him saying something like that . Anyway , it was a huge mistake , because I have now written 600 letters to the White House . One every day since he was inaugurated . It started as a joke . I thought the idea of sending armchair advice to the Leader of the Free World was funny and my first letter was really little more than congratulations . Read the first letter But after I posted letters on the "  AC360 " blog for 10 days , a lot of readers liked them , so I extended the string to the first month . Then the first 100 days . Then 200 . And now , I have written enough to fill two books . And yes , I am aware that this can look like either dedication or mental illness , depending on your point of view . Most of the letters are funny , or at least they make me laugh . Like the one I wrote about his fancy new presidential limo . Mr. President , How 's the 6,000-pound beast ? But plenty are serious , too . I 've written about swine flu , Haiti , the Middle East , the wars and of course the economy . I 've taken the president to task now and then ; for example , when he wrote to the big guy in North Korea instead of me , his dedicated pen pal . Wait a minute , Mr. Postman I 've written about my own personal struggles and triumphs , such as being trapped in Indianapolis , Indiana , by a blizzard while my beloved Saints played the Colts in the Super Bowl . Trapped in Indiana Sometimes I depart from my regular fare to share events in my life that have shaped my views , like a long story about when I first encountered racism as a child . When I discovered racism Grinding out so many full-length letters has not always been easy , especially in our increasingly shorthand , e-mailing , texting world ; OMG LOL . After all , I do have a day job . Many nights , long after the Washington newsmakers are asleep and my family is , too , I sit in the darkness of our living room typing away while the dog snoozes at my feet . Happens on the road in hotels , too . I mean , without the dog , of course . I considered actually mailing the letters at the start , but decided that if I had to keep up with stamps , envelopes and figuring out how to print on the road I 'd give up . Plus , he 's a very hi-tech president , so online posting seems adequate . Although who knows ? Despite regular invitations for him to call , write back or come by to play air hockey , he 's never responded . But plenty of readers have . Some have been complimentary , like C.A. Mortenson . "  You know every time I get my mind set on something you guys come along and make me re-think things . Thanks . " Or Mary MacElveen "  Your letter is by far one of THE most thought-provoking and powerful letters I have read in a long time . " Or Moneca , "  Amen , Mr. Foreman . Amen . " It always makes me vaguely uncomfortable when someone calls me Mr. Foreman , btw . I prefer just Tom . At least , I prefer Tom to what some obviously want to call me . Like Mariah from Texas . "  Are you crazy ? " Or Helen when she finally found something she agreed with , presumably after a lot of reading . "  CNN should find a better job for you . That is the first letter you wrote that makes sense . " That made me laugh , because I 've felt that way about other writers sometimes . Many readers have urged me to keep on , and others have begged me to stop . I appreciate them all . I have probably been most touched by people who simply express a heartfelt connection over the miles , like when I wrote about Michael Jackson 's death and Windy responded , "  Thank you for such a nice letter , I feel the same way . " And I 'm flattered when someone reposts a favorite , such as the letter I wrote about rebuilding New Orleans . Where is the safe house ? I made a few simple rules for myself . First , I do n't pick sides . I can offer analysis , ideas and general observations , but not conclusions beyond the common sense kind . Second , I try to be encouraging . Third , I respect the presidency . Although I write in a familiar tone , I never refer to President Obama  nor would I refer to any president  as "  my friend , " or "  pal . " "  How long are you going to do this ? " That 's the question so many people ask , and the honest answer is , "  I do n't know . " Every time I reach a milestone like this one , I think I should call it quits . But I enjoy the process , heaven knows I need the practice writing and I do n't want to disappoint the people who now count on these letters every day , including my mother . So on it goes . I have considered doing it for the rest of my life . I know it 's not exactly the Lewis and Clark journals , but such letters , written concurrently with the events of our world , are an unusual historic record if nothing else . I will almost certainly continue through the next presidential election in 2012 . And I 'd hate to abandon the current president during the critical changeover from first term to second should he win , and if the White House passes into other hands ... well , why should the next president get a break ?	CNN 's Foreman started letters to Obama with inauguration Now he 's reached the milestone of 600 letters ; read them here Some have been funny , others serious , but he 's never gotten an Obama response
Both men lit themselves on fire in protest . But only one of them is credited with starting a revolution . The difference between the two ? Mobile phones recorded Mohamed Bouazizi , a Tunisian fruit vendor , as he set himself ablaze in despair over his economic plight . Those videos kicked off the wave of 2011 Arab Spring demonstrations . Abdesslem Trimech , the other man , fell into relative obscurity . The example , cited in the book "  The Mobile Wave , " highlights just one of the many superpowers that mobile phones -- and to a lesser extent , tablets -- have bestowed upon humanity . In addition to enabling us to video events on a second 's notice , potentially altering the course of global politics , these high-tech human "  appendages " increasingly have become tools for fighting corruption , buying stuff , bolstering memory , promoting politics , improving education and giving people around the world more access to health care . They 've shaken up our social lives , too . Forget letters and phone calls . Texts are the currency of modern conversation -- and mobile Internet searches are the way to solve disputes of fact or trivia . Dating apps search suitors by location , and mobile maps ensure we app-enabled superhumans ca n't get lost , as long as there 's a wireless signal . Superman could fly . Phones , it seems , help us do everything but . At a time when new smartphones seem to hit the market every couple of days and our faces increasingly are glued to digital screens , CNN is taking a special look at the myriad ways mobile technology is affecting our lives . The monthlong series is called "  Our Mobile Society . " "  This is the first time in the entire history of humanity that we 've connected in this way , " Amber Case , a "  cyborg anthropologist , " said in a 2010 lecture at TEDWomen . "  And it 's not that machines are taking over . It 's that they 're helping us to be more human . They 're helping us to connect to each other . The most successful technology gets out of the way and helps us live our lives . " ` Like a phantom limb ' Phones are so cherished -- or so depended upon -- that 68 % of us sleep with them at our bedside , according to a 5,000-person global survey conducted by Qualcomm and Time , which shares a parent company with CNN . Three-quarters of Americans surveyed said being "  constantly connected by technology " is helpful . Some take that idea to extremes . Michael Saylor , author of "  The Mobile Wave " and CEO of MicroStrategy , said he checks his phone for updates at least once a minute -- "  I must look at it 500 times a day , or 1,000 times a day , " he said . Almost nothing would make him put his phone down . "  If I was with the queen of England and she was addressing me directly and it was a one-on-one conversation , then I would probably discipline myself to not look at my phone , so as to not show disrespect to her . " The phone , otherwise , is just too helpful at keeping Saylor linked , constantly , to his colleagues and friends , who send him a fire hose of instant messages and updates . For all the potential benefits , however , Case and other observers of mobile culture see negative consequences as well . Being connected digitally to everyone all the time also can lead , somewhat surprisingly , to a sense of isolation and loneliness . "  Teenagers tell me they sleep with their cell phone , and even when it is n't on their person , when it has been banished to the school locker , for instance , they know when their phone is vibrating , " MIT professor Sherry Turkle writes in the book "  Alone Together : Why We Expect More From Technology and Less From Each Other . " "  The technology has become like a phantom limb , it is so much a part of them . These young people are among the first to grow up with an expectation of continuous connection : always on , and always on them . " Another young person , age 13 , told Turkle she does n't like to pick up the phone , only text . "  Texting offers just the right amount of access , just the right amount of control , " the author writes . "  She is a modern Goldilocks : for her , texting puts people not too close , not too far , but at just the right distance . The world is now full of modern Goldilockses , people who take comfort in being in touch with a lot of people whom they also keep at bay . " Nearly 6 billion phones Regardless of the effects , adoption of mobile tech seems to be going only one direction : up . There were nearly 6 billion mobile phone subscriptions worldwide in 2011 , according to the International Telecommunication Union , a branch of the United Nations . There are 7 billion people in the world . Some have multiple mobile contracts , but technology is clearly widespread . And getting smarter . Saylor , the author and CEO , estimates 5 billion people will have smartphones in the next five years , giving those people access to the mobile Internet and apps . The United States already reached a tipping point this year : The majority of American phone owners now have smartphones . These phones , such as those running the Apple iOS and Google Android operating systems , offer "  more computing power than Apollo 11 when it landed a man on the moon , " Nancy Gibbs writes for Time . "  In many parts of the world , more people have access to a mobile device than to a toilet or running water , " she writes . "  For millions , this is the first phone they 've ever had . " Gibbs and other writers cite the astounding speed with which mobile phones have come to dominate our lives in the decades since Martin Cooper , from Motorola , placed the first public cellular telephone call on a brick-size phone in 1973 .  He called a competitor at Bell Labs , in case you 're curious . It took years for mobile-networking technology to develop and for cellular towers to go up . After mobile calls became more commonplace in a few developed countries , manufacturers added keyboards and larger screens , clearing the way for the SMS and mobile e-mail revolutions . By the 2000s , a host of sensors -- from GPS , which enables mobile mapping , to accelerometers , which helps the phone know if it 's being tilted -- were being squeezed into the gadgets . The mother of all smartphones , the Apple iPhone , debuted in 2007 with all these accouterments . By then , phones had become the warehouse for technological innovation -- the Swiss Army knives of modern living , as many authors have argued . If you include tablets and e-readers in the mix , mobile devices have come to rival desktop computers and laptops for their usefulness in life and business . "  The reason why mobile technology is uniquely interesting to the world right now is because it represents the fifth wave of computing , " Saylor said , with smartphones following Internet-enabled computing , desktops , minicomputers and early computer mainframes on the timeline . "  And technology really is about what happens to the entire civilization of some several billion people or more when there is useful software running on the person and in the hand of everybody , every minute of the day . " Smartphone superpowers There are plenty of potential superpowers these always-on mobile gadgets could give us . One of the more futuristic , as outlined by Google this year , is a sort of digital X-ray , or "  Terminator " vision . Using augmented-reality technology , that company and others hope to superimpose a layer of digital information on top of the real world . A person wearing Google 's prototype of high-tech glasses , for example , might see data about people they encounter or about deals offered inside restaurants they pass . Other efforts aim to empower people literally to open doors or pay for coffee with a tap of their phone , and to identify themselves using NFC chips that are built into newer smartphones . Meanwhile , schools in rural parts of Africa that never had textbooks are incorporating smartphones as an information source with the help of Paul Kim , chief technology officer at Stanford University . "  I know they are not only using the technology , " Kim said , "  but they are getting smarter and smarter every day . " And researchers , including George Whitesides at Harvard University , are trying to use mobile phones to bring medical care to remote corners of the world where people otherwise would have to walk for a day or more to see a doctor or nurse . Whitesides ' group has been working on a paper chip that could be touched with a drop of blood and then photographed and text messaged to a clinic that could analyze it and offer a diagnosis . Suddenly , doctors have the superhuman ability to see patients far afield . New implementations for smartphones do n't always work , of course , Stanford 's Kim said . But over time , there 's hope smartphones will be a radical , democratizing force -- particularly as they become more affordable for everyone . "  The Agricultural Revolution took thousands of years to run its course . The Industrial Revolution required a few centuries . The Information Revolution , propelled by mobile technology will likely reshape our world on the order of decades , " Saylor writes . "  But despite the turbulence ahead , we live at one of the greatest times in history . Software will suffuse the planet , filling in every niche , and exciting opportunities will lie everywhere . "	Mobile phones have become human "  appendages " or "  phantom limbs " They connect us to each other in ways previously unimaginable Survey finds 68 % of people sleep with their phones at bedside Modern phones pack "  more computing power than Apollo 11 , " essayist says
Syria / United Nations  CNN  -- As diplomats at the United Nations slammed Syria , violence continued to rage on the ground and residents wondered out loud what the implications of total war might be . "  Everyone we 've been talking to ... believes that the country is heading towards , or already is in , a full-blown war , and recovering from that is going to be incredibly challenging , " said CNN 's Arwa Damon , who reported from inside Syria early Tuesday . She spoke from an opposition safe house , describing a near constant flow of people and information . CNN is not disclosing her exact location because of concerns for her safety . "  What a lot of people are realizing and accepting at this stage is that this is going to be bloody battle -- that more lives are going to be lost , " said Damon . She reported from Syria one day after the U.N. high commissioner for human rights said she is outraged by the country 's "  ongoing onslaught " on its citizens . Navi Pillay spoke before the U.N. General Assembly , which could issue a formal condemnation of the Syrian regime . Her harsh comments prompted an angry defense from Syria 's ambassador , who complained of an "  unprecedented " media and political campaign to incite the opposition in his country . As they spoke , some Syrian towns and cities came under fresh attack with soldiers going door to door rounding up civilians , rolling their tanks through towns , or continuing their shelling of neighborhoods , according to activists and residents . More than 680 people died last week in Syria , most of whom were killed in Homs , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . On Monday , 30 civilians -- including two children -- were killed in violence , the LCC said . Most were in the areas of Homs and Idlib . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported a funeral was held for 19 soldiers and officers killed by terrorists throughout the country . CNN can not independently confirm details of the events in Syria because the government has severely limited the access of international journalists . "  The nature and scale of abuses committed by Syrian forces indicates that crimes against humanity are likely to have been committed since March 2011 , " Pillay said , referring to the start of the popular uprising against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , which prompted his government to crack down on protesters . "  Independent , credible , and corroborated accounts indicate that these abuses have taken place as part of a widespread and systematic attack on civilians . "  Furthermore , the breadth and patterns of attacks by military and security forces on civilians and the widespread destruction of homes , hospitals , schools , and other civilian infrastructure indicate approval or complicity by the authorities at the highest levels , " Pillay said . By end of the day Monday , a General Assembly draft resolution that would condemn Syrian human rights violations had not been formally introduced . It was unclear when it would be , also when there might be a vote . The vote would be nonbinding but would be the strongest U.N. statement yet on the violence . Russia and China vetoed a previous attempt by the U.N. Security Council to condemn Syria for the crackdown . "  The people of Syria justifiably feel that the United Nations has shamefully abandoned their cause . We must , as individual member states and collectively , send them a clear signal that this is not the case , " British Ambassador to the U.N. Mark Lyall Grant told diplomats . Syria 's U.N. ambassador , Bashar Jaafari , said the "  aggressive , illegitimate " criticism of his country is designed to undermine the government . An Arab League proposal over the weekend for a joint U.N.-Arab peacekeeping force in the country is an "  incitement to terrorism , " he said , because it would provide support to opposition fighters . Jaafari also said the proposal seeks to trample on Syria 's sovereignty . "  We in Syria could not imagine sending soldiers to defend Occupy Wall Street protesters . Neither we or any other government can imagine sending forces to protect demonstrators in London or Paris , " he said . "  The state has exclusive responsibility for defending security on its national territory . " Russian officials said Monday they were studying the Arab League proposal , but they indicated reluctance to sign on , saying the permission of the host country is necessary for peacekeepers to enter . A peacekeeping mission also implies there is peace first , which is not the case in Syria , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said . China supports the league 's mediation in Syria , said Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Weimin , but he stopped short of saying whether Beijing would approve the proposal . Along with a peacekeeping mission , the Arab League urged member states to provide political and financial support to the Syrian opposition and to cut ties with Damascus . Syria has said it is simply fighting armed terrorist groups in its country . Jaafari cited last week 's bombing of two government buildings in Aleppo , which killed 28 people , and a January bombing in Damascus that killed 26 as examples of terrorist groups -- specifically al Qaeda -- that are active in the country . "  The vast losses in Syria among civilians and security forces is a deep wound , " Jaafari said . "  We are sad , but we place the responsibility for those losses at the door of those who are attempting to obtain political interests by using Syrian blood as currency . " Residents of besieged Syrian areas such as Homs , where hundreds have died in the past nine days , say it is civilians who are bearing the brunt of the attacks . They describe indiscriminate bombings of homes , snipers in the streets , arbitrary arrests and attacks on hospitals by government forces . The destruction by al-Assad forces has also yielded a humanitarian crisis . Residents in Homs report scarce or nonexistent access to food , water and electricity . The United Nations is putting humanitarian supplies in place for distribution as soon as access is granted , Martin Nesirky , a spokesman for the U.N. secretary-general , said Monday . Syrian Arab Red Crescent volunteers were able to distribute food , blankets and other supplies to Homs and another city thanks to a brief cease-fire but say other areas are too dangerous for them to enter , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . Pillay said most of the wounded avoid going to public hospitals for fear of being arrested or tortured . Instead , they are being treated in underground hospitals where hygiene and sterilization conditions are rudimentary and medical supplies are scarce , she said . Speaking in Washington alongside the Turkish Foreign Minster , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton promised to help get aid to those wounded and dying . "  We are increasing our funding to organizations like the Red Crescent , the International Committee for the Red Cross and we 're working directly with Syrian organizations at the grassroots to help families who have no electricity , food or clean water , " she said . Pillay said at least 5,400 people have died since protests seeking al-Assad 's ouster began nearly a year ago . The LCC says the toll has far exceeded 7,000 . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Nada Husseini , Nick Paton Walsh , Mick Krever , Richard Roth , and Eunice Yoon contributed to this report .	NEW : CNN 's Arwa Damon reports from inside Syria NEW : "  The country is heading towards , or already is in , a full-blown war , " she says A funeral is held for 19 soldiers and officers killed by terrorists , SANA reports U.S. Secretary of State Clinton vows to help get aid to those wounded and dying
PEOPLE.com  -- After countless rounds of ring and bump-watch , Jennifer Aniston is setting the record straight -- loud and clear . "  Rumor number one : I am not planning to get married any time soon , " the actress , 42 , told Hello ! magazine during a press conference to promote "  Five , " her directorial debut . Aniston , who began dating Justin Theroux , 40 , earlier this year adds that the ring she 's currently wearing is not of the engagement variety . "  I 've been married once , and I do n't know if I 'll get married again , " she said . "  But I can tell you that as of this very moment , I have no plan to get married . Got that ? " Aniston did n't stop there . "  And rumor Number two : no , we 're not pregnant , " she said . "  It 's just I quit smoking , so I 've gained a couple of pounds . " The private star previously told Elle magazine that she feels "  no desperation " to have a baby . "  If it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be . I 'm at peace with whatever the plan is . But will you hate me if I say I do n't want to talk about my relationship ? " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I am not planning to get married any time soon , "  Aniston said "  It 's just I quit smoking , so I 've gained a couple of pounds , " she said "  If it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be , " the actress added
CNN  -- In Al Qaem , Iraq , the anger and despair of the refugees is palpable . Two refugee camps have been set up there , nine miles from the border with Syria . As Save the Children 's Country Director , I made the dangerous 280-mile journey out to Al Qaem to help with our distribution of urgently needed newborn kits and to hear the stories of the families . Although in numbers they are fewer than their counterparts in Jordan , Lebanon and Turkey , their suffering and needs are no less pronounced , especially given their low profile , the extreme challenges that organizations are facing in reaching them , the lack of funding and the minimal services in the area . Save the Children is one of very few organizations supporting the more than 8,000 Syrian refugees living in very difficult circumstances in this hardly accessible area in the far western corner of Iraq . I shiver despite the noon sun . Temperatures are no more than 50 degrees Fahrenheit  10 degrees Celsius  . Thirteen-year-old Ali is stoic . "  You should be here at night to really feel it . " He beams a smile at me . I force myself to ignore the icy air . The thick baby blanket that we included in the newborn kits will come in very handy . I 'm struck by the tidiness of Um Ahmed 's tent . There are no possessions ; just five sponge mattresses where 14 people sleep . As I sit cross-legged , the cold bites ; I retreat to a kneeling position while the girls giggle shyly . These girls are attending the child-friendly space that we have helped set up for kids here . These children have been exposed to much pain , uncertainty , fear , displacement -- they really need the stability and normalcy that child-friendly spaces can offer . The stories come fast and furious . "  What have we done to deserve this ? Look at our children just in T-shirts . No one has proper shoes , not even socks . My daughter-in-law had to flee for her life with seven children ... her husband is still there . He 's my son ; I do n't know where or how he is . " Um Ahmed 's daughters and their friends fill the tent with their stories -- of children 's dirty clothes , of not showering in more than four weeks , of water too muddy to even make tea . The baby is crying . Her cheeks are swollen and yellowish as are those of many of the older children . "  Al Sfar "  jaundice  , confirms Um Ahmed . She says the clinic offers no help . One mother hugs her 3-year-old daughter . "  I 'm just watching my child get sicker every day and there is nothing I can do . " Another woman , Intisar , wordlessly pulls the base of the tent out to show me how damp the gravel is under the tent . "  It seeps into those sponge mattresses , into our bones , into our skin . There is no way of staying warm or dry . " Her husband shows me the deep crevice dug by their resident rats . "  All night they crawl under us , trying to get warmth . The children scream , and I spend all night beating the rats out . " As I walk out , the tears rise in me . It hurts to look into the despair on the children 's faces , to see a toddler barefoot on the gravel . There is so much that needs to be done . Without support these children truly suffer . As winter tightens its grip on Syria 's neighboring countries , stories like those I heard in Al Qaem are far from unique . UNHCR estimates that the number of refugee children in the region has surpassed 250,000 , and that number continues to climb . They lack medical care , adequate food , warmth and clean water . In Al Qaem , Save the Children has already provided hygiene kits for all families , 430 newborn kits and is helping 520 children through the child-friendly spaces . Regionally , Save the Children has reached 80,000 children and families so far and is working to triple our response in Lebanon , Iraq and Jordan . As with all other organizations responding to the humanitarian needs of the Syrian refugees in the region , our greatest challenge is funding . We are on the ground . We have established operations in Al Qaem , which is no small feat . We are ready to deliver aid immediately but we need the funds to make it happen . That night , I can not get warm , despite the blankets and thick walls . I can not stop thinking of the children , out in the desert cold . To donate to Save the Children 's Syria Children in Crisis Fund , which provides relief and support for Syrian children seeking refuge in Lebanon , Iraq and Jordan , please click here .	More than 8,000 Syrians live as refugees in Al Qaem , Iraq , near the Syrian border Conditions at the Al Qaem camps are expected to worsen over the winter Amy Mina with Save the Children recently visited the camps to distribute supplies for newborns Save the Children is providing aid to Syrian refugees in Iraq , Lebanon and Jordan
London  CNN  -- When he was a 15-year-old schoolboy , Paul Wallace joined his father to see an exhibition of the world 's most ostentatious automobiles . Wallace was entranced , and pulled out his camera to take photos . The visit , taking in Aston Martins , Ferraris and Lamborghinis , would prove the beginnings of his lucrative YouTube video channel . "  I sort of fell on my feet in that sense , " the entrepreneur told CNN . Wallace , still too young to get a driver 's license , began filming supercars around London , and uploading them to YouTube . The street shots and low resolution videos brought the cars "  to life " for fans unable to afford one , Wallace said . Now , the 23-year-old university graduate earns up to Â # 4,000  $ 6,722  a month from the advertisements displayed on his YouTube video channel , Supercars of London . His account has had almost 70 million views , with hits coming from all over the world . Wallace is now making a living from the site -- one of a number of YouTubers building a business out of the video platform . Wallace has used his earnings to indulge his passion : buying his own supercar . The purchase of a Â # 55,000 Audi R8 enabled Wallace to return his mom 's Ford Focus , which had been on loan . "  I 'm very much at the early stages of where I want to be , say , in five to 10 years time , " Wallace told CNN . And his supercar ambition remains unchanged . "  A Lamborghini is what I aspire to , " Wallace said , standing next to one in the supercar servicing garage in Watford , where he works .	Paul Wallace became entranced by supercars when he visited an exhibition , aged 15 Now , the 23-year-old has made a YouTube business out of filming them in London He says the footage makes supercars "  real " for those who ca n't afford to buy their own
CNN  -- The world is holding its breath for the informal summit between U.S. President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping in California . Will Obama and Xi look into each other 's eyes and see each other as a partner to trust ? Will they be able to set the tone for the China-U.S. relations for years , if not decades , to come ? I had the privilege of accompanying two Chinese Presidents to the White House in 1985 and 1987 , and being invited as a guest to the White House when Chinese President Hu Jintao was welcomed by President George W. Bush in April 2006 . Such China-U.S. summits have been known for both the substance of the meetings as well as the pomposity and the glamorous bells and whistles of high diplomacy . By agreeing to meet without the red carpet and 21-gun salute , both Obama and Xi have demonstrated pragmatism and commitment to focusing on the most important , urgent issues between China and the U.S. as well as in the world . Xi should be given credit for his vision , courage and wisdom in agreeing with Obama to build up personal rapport and trust between the two most important persons in the world . While there have been numerous channels of communications between Beijing and Washington , including the biannual Sino-US Economic and Strategic Dialogue , what is sorely lacking between China and the U.S. is that trust at the very top . What is encouraging is that , unlike the zero-sum game between the U.S. and the former Soviet Union in the Cold War era , today the U.S. and China are the two largest economies in the world , and highly integrated with each other . The bilateral trade this year will be far beyond $ 500 billion , larger than the GDP of many countries . The exchange of people , students , goods , information and investment between the two countries has been breaking records year after year . Of course , given their different histories , cultural backgrounds , political systems and values , China and the U.S. will hardly ever be exactly alike , with friction inevitable between the two countries . The challenges are how to establish a sound mechanism to handle such friction effectively and in a timely manner , and how to build common ground and mutual interest so that both countries benefit from increasing trade and exchange . Furthermore , as the two largest economies and most important countries in the world , the more China and the U.S. can see eye to eye on major international issues , the easier it will be to prevent escalation of international crises -- and the more effective they can be at solving them . In recent years , I have been using "  AmeriChina " to describe the high expectations of the future of China-U.S. relations . The term , which ranks America and China alphabetically and in order of their relative importance , is better than "  Chimerica " which defies the more logical way of ranking China and the U.S. . The sense of shared destiny encapsulated in the concept of "  AmeriChina " will help foster a new way of looking at the China-U.S. relations . In this spirit , let 's give our best wishes to the Obama-Xi informal summit in California , and work collectively to make "  AmeriChina " a reality . AmeriChina will be good for America , good for China , and good for the rest of the world .	Gao : What is sorely lacking between China and the U.S. is trust at the top The informal meeting underlines the pragmatic relationship between the superpowers U.S. and China are the world 's largest economies and highly integrated with each other The bilateral trade between China and the U.S. this year will be beyond $ 500 billion
