San Francisco  CNN  -- Remember when Hotmail was hot ? Dick Craddock , who manages the group responsible for Microsoft 's Web-based e-mail service , can still recall the day of celebration in 2004 when the Hotmail division had just posted a stunning financial quarter . Craddock , along with other Microsoft execs and developers , convened to relish in the victory . The triumph was short-lived because soon after , Google launched a competing Webmail service called Gmail , and like in the short time it takes Google to call up a search query , Hotmail instantly looked dated . Gmail gave users a gigabyte of file storage for free , while Hotmail presented a few megabytes and required users to pay for more . Gmail was fast , spam-free and let people attach files several times larger than that of Hotmail . And Gmail only showed small text advertisements , while Hotmail 's pages were covered in ads , which is why the site was able to exceed financial goals during that quarter in 2004 . After evaluating the options , "  it was n't hard to pick Gmail ; it just was n't hard , " Craddock said in an interview on Monday . "  It was a great learning experience about what really matters . " After a few years of lightning-fast growth for Gmail following its launch and at the expense of Hotmail , Microsoft reversed course . "  We set out to really invest in Hotmail and really , to rebuild it from the ground up , " said Chris Jones , a vice president who oversees several of Microsoft 's Internet applications . The Hotmail team eventually got the green light to dial down the ads while increasing development on features made available to nonpaying users . Making money directly from Hotmail "  is not the most important thing for us to optimize for , " Jones said in an interview . "  The lesson from some of the most successful Internet companies is they build something valuable and durable . " That is a notion , Jones said , that Microsoft learned from a rival , Google , and from a partner , Facebook . It is not conventional wisdom for Microsoft , which makes most of its revenue from software sold for hundreds of dollars a package in brick-and-mortar stores . The people who write the history of technology tend to take shortcuts . Accounts of Friendster 's , Myspace 's and AOL 's fall from grace are often summed up as : they just stopped being cool . In fact , they were less reliable and less capable than their scrappier competition . The same was true of Hotmail , but Microsoft is fighting back . The Redmond , Washington , company gathered reporters together here at an art gallery in San Francisco on Monday to show PowerPoint slides that demonstrate how Hotmail is just as feature-rich , if not more so , than Gmail . Microsoft is putting muscle behind features such as granular controls over daily-deal messages and newsletters , automatic filtering and various new functions that launch in the next few weeks . These changes are already being touted to current users of Microsoft 's e-mail service in a banner that urges them to look out for "  the new Hotmail . " It 's a part of a campaign to improve the brand 's image , so that people are n't embarrassed to say their e-mail address ends in @hotmail . com . "  For a lot of folks , Hotmail was their first Webmail address , " Jones said . "  Now the challenge that we 're fighting , frankly , is mostly one of perception . " Hotmail still holds the highest market share worldwide , followed by Yahoo Mail and then Gmail , according to research firm ComScore . In the U.S. , Yahoo is the leader , and this year , Gmail surpassed Hotmail and maintains faster growth , ComScore says . The options for free e-mail are poised to increase , with other tech giants making bids for the space that follows your name and the "  at " symbol . Apple will discuss its iCloud service at a news conference on Tuesday , which is the first time the company will give out free e-mail access , in this case , an @me . com address , to customers . Facebook recently gave each of its 800 million users an @facebook . com alias , but few people seem eager to use them . Microsoft is hoping to regain some cool in the hopes of hanging onto the friends it still has -- and to make new ones , before the new kids take over the block .	Microsoft is hoping to improve the reputation of Hotmail The Web-based e-mail service , once a dominant player , is losing steam Hotmail faces a growing list of competitors , including Apple , Facebook , Google
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso refused to comment on Renault 's upcoming hearing about alleged race-fixing at last year 's Singapore Grand Prix as he chose to focus on this weekend 's race in Monza . Fernando Alonso won the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix after Renault teammate Nelson Piquet Jr. crashed . The Spaniard 's Renault team face a probe from world motorsport 's governing body the FIA on September 21 over claims that Nelson Piquet Jnr crashed on purpose , making it easier for his teammate to win the race due to the introduction of the safety car . Piquet , who was sacked by Renault after the Hungarian Grand Prix in late July after failing to score a point this year , has reportedly already made a sworn statement about his involvement . However , two-time Formula One world champion Alonso gave little away at a press conference on Thursday ahead of the Italian Grand Prix . "  For me , it 's difficult to understand this situation and these investigations , " the 28-year-old said . "  It 's another day . I 'm preparing for this grand prix , trying for a good result here . I 'm fully concentrated on the job . "  Of course , I 'm very surprised . I ca n't imagine this situation , but it 's time to start thinking about this race . I 'm not spending any time on this . "  After the hearing on the 21st everything will be clarified , and that will be the time to say something . " Piquet was outspoken in his criticism of influential billionaire Renault boss Flavio Briatore after his departure , but Alonso believes the Brazilian still has a future in F1 . "  We were teammates for a year and a half , and I never had a problem with him . He has the talent to be in Formula One , " Alonso said . "  After a year and a half with Renault in not the most competitive car , he needs a competitive car . I 'm sure he is capable of good results in the future . " The F1 future of Briatore , and his Renault team , would be in major doubt if they are found guilty by the FIA , but Alonso backed his boss . "  He is nice person , a nice boss with me , " he said . "  He is a friend who has always supported my career from the time I was at Minardi . "  Flavio is one of the good people here , and he always has my support . " Meanwhile , Ferrari -- who have been linked with a move for Alonso in 2010 -- announced on Thursday that Banco Santander will be one of the team 's title sponsors for the next five years . The Spanish banking group had sponsored Ferrari 's rivals McLaren for the past three seasons , but decided not to renew the deal .	Fernando Alonso evades questions about Renault 's upcoming FIA hearing Team faces probe over alleged race-fixing at last year 's Singapore Grand Prix Alonso , who won race , says he will only comment after September 21 inquiry Former teammate Nelson Piquet Jnr 's crash is at center of the investigation
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- The Korean Peninsula is a tinderbox . One miscalculation can quickly lead to all-out war and hundreds of thousands of military and civilian casualties on both sides . Millions of North and South Koreans live very close to the DMZ . The North also has a million heavily armed troops on their side of the DMZ ; the South nearly has many . There are also nearly 30,000 U.S. troops along the frontier with thousands of artillery pieces and missile launchers facing each other . The North is widely believed to be building a nuclear arsenal . I believe this is the most dangerous spot on Earth right now . We certainly packed a lot into six days here . After receiving our visas at the North Korean Embassy in Beijing , we arrived on Thursday , December 16 , on a regularly scheduled North Korean commercial flight from Beijing on Air Koryo flight 252 . It was a newish Russian-made Tupolev 204-300 aircraft and a very smooth 90-minute flight accompanied with patriotic music and a video showing the heroic struggle of the North Korean people . The attractive flight attendants wore red suit jackets and white gloves . We flew back to Beijing on Tuesday , December 22 , a day after our original plan because of an incredibly thick fog . The flight back was on Air China flight 122 , a Boeing 737 . The flight attendants did not wear white gloves . Pyongyang airport is very small . It has only two or three flights a day to only a handful of destinations . This is not a very busy airport . See more of CNN.com 's Koreas coverage CNN Beijing-based photographer Miguel Castro and I were covering the visit here of New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations experienced in Korean diplomacy . Sharon LaFraniere , a Beijing-based correspondent for The New York Times , was the only other journalist invited by Richardson and approved by North Korea to cover this trip . Richardson was joined by his senior adviser , Tony Namkung , who 's been to North Korea 40 times going back to 1990 . He is very impressive with a wealth of knowledge about both Koreas , China and Japan . Also joining Richardson was Gilbert Gallegos , his deputy chief of staff ; Gay Dillingham , chair of the New Mexico Environmental Improvement Board ; and State Police officer Mo Arteaga . The North Koreans took our passports , return flight tickets and cell phones upon arrival at the airport . They returned everything when we were about to board our flight back to Beijing . I think it 's fair to say we all had an eye-opening experience . It was a roller coaster of emotions -- ranging from real fear of war on the Korean Peninsula to relief that the North had stepped back from the brink and even accepted some of Richardson 's proposals . Maybe Richardson had played a positive role in calming down his hosts , including the chief nuclear negotiator , First Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan ; the new Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs , Ri Yong Ho ; the military officer in charge of the armistice and Demilitarized Zone , Major Gen. Pak Rim Su ; and the country 's Vice President , Kim Yong Dae . We arrived convinced the Korean Peninsula was on the verge of a war , the worst crisis since the 1953 armistice that ended the Korean War . This was my first visit to North Korea , though I had been to South Korea , the DMZ and China . When Richardson called me and asked me if I wanted to go with him , I immediately accepted and am glad I did . I have known him for 20 years going back to his days in Congress -- long before he became U.N. ambassador and energy secretary during the Clinton administration . I was apprehensive going in , worried about whether I would actually get out . I was concerned that they would shut the airport if war erupted , and I would be stuck inside North Korea . I even began wondering about the prospects of driving across the North Korea-China border if necessary . Was that even doable ? Every time I heard some martial music on North Korean television and radio , I wondered whether the regime was preparing the country for war . I 've covered wars and other dangerous situations over the years and usually go through a before , during and after cycle -- nervous before I leave about all the worst case scenarios ; not all that worried while on assignment because my adrenaline is pumping and I 'm in the midst of a big story ; but wondering after the trip whether I should do it again . Covering this story brought back memories of my early overseas assignments in the Middle East in the '70s and '80s : no internet , no cell phone , no Blackberry . I had a hard-line phone in my Pyongyang hotel room and could make outgoing calls to the United States at about $ 10 a minute .  No credit cards accepted ; only cash and only crisp bills .  I could not receive incoming calls from the United States . They would not let us broadcast live via satellite but we took hundreds of still pictures and shot about eight hours of video which we are now going through . Get ready to see the best on CNN and cnn.com . I did get CNN International in my hotel room -- Zain Verjee , Anjali Rao and Richard Quest never looked better -- but no newspapers . Still , six days isolated without e-mail or a cell phone ; it was quite a transition for me , but I sort of got used to it and even liked it . I had 983 e-mails waiting for me when I eventually got back to Beijing . The hotel and elite restaurant food was very good , especially if you like Korean food . I stuck with scrambled eggs and toast for breakfast ; chicken soup and white rice and steamed veggies for lunch ; and usually some grilled Korean chicken or fish for dinner . We had North Korean officials with us all the time -- and I mean all the time . They spoke English well and were very intelligent , polite and even nice . I never felt threatened . They had a job to do , and we understood . Let 's not forget this is a communist , totalitarian regime . We were restricted as to where we could go , what we could film and to whom we could talk . They want to showcase the best and keep us way from the worst . We constantly pressed for more access and they sometimes relented . Sharon from The New York Times was especially persistent and her efforts occasionally paid off . Still , we saw a lot of the North Korean capital and even managed to get into the countryside to see a huge apple and fruit-tree orchard where thousands of farmers work what the orchard director said were some 2.2 million trees . That number seemed exaggerated but whatever it was , it was impressive . Once you get outside Pyongyang , you see very few cars on the roads . People are walking along the sides of the roads ; some are riding bikes . It 's eerie being in the only car on the road . This is a very poor country . Even as we feared there could be a war , we were taken to a silk thread factory where 2,000 women work diligently . We rode the jam-packed subway system from Prosperity Station to Glory Station . We went shopping -- again cash only and only crisp U.S. dollar bills . They really do n't like the old , wrinkled bills . We spent one afternoon with well-dressed students at Kim Il Sung University and later at a foreign language high school where very bright 16-year-olds were learning English complete with American slang . I heard one student say : "  That 's very cool . " He was n't referring to the weather . We saw the computers at their national library . They were decent but not state of the art . There 's a huge music room at the library where people can simply listen to CDs of great artists . When I was there , they played a Kenny Rogers song for me . He apparently is very popular here . They also took us sightseeing . We saw their Arc de Triumphe  supposedly bigger than the one in Paris  ; their huge stone tower  apparently taller than the Washington Monument  ; and their sports complex complete with indoor and outdoor stadiums and ice skating rink . I saw the North Korean girls ' ice hockey team jogging one afternoon and briefly caught up with them . They laughed as I ran with them -- probably thinking who is this crazy foreign person carrying a little hand-held camera . Later , when it looked like the North Koreans would retaliate for South Korea 's live-fire military exercise , I thought of these girls and all the young people I had seen in North Korea . They seemed so vulnerable , and I worried about their fate if there were a war . I 'm not embarrassed to say I got sentimental and emotional worrying about them and their counterparts in South Korea . Huge pictures of the late Great Leader , Kim Il Sung , and his son , the Dear Leader , Kim Jong Il , were all over the place . I did n't see pictures of the next generation 's expected leader , Kim Jong Un . Electricity is a huge problem in North Korea . It was bitter cold outside . Indoor heat is at a premium . The students were in the classrooms wearing their warm overcoats . The rooms were not well-lit . There were no lights in the tunnels on the roads outside the North Korean capital . Outsiders have been predicting its demise for 60 years , but I did n't get the impression this country was on the verge of crumbling . We were not taken to the Yongbyon nuclear facility or their side of the DMZ even though we and Richardson repeatedly asked . The North Koreans pointed out this was an especially tense time . They said I could come back on another occasion and perhaps visit these places . By the way , 2012 is going to be a huge year for North Korea . That 's the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung . The North Koreans are preparing major events . Since they invited me back , I might go back then ; maybe even sooner though I hope it wo n't be to cover a war . Did I mention that I 'm worried about the children ? Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	CNN 's Wolf Blitzer traveled with Gov. Bill Richardson to communist North Korea Blitzer was worried war would break out while he was there and would be trapped Blitzer says he was constantly watched , but his overseers were intelligent , polite No impression North Korea on the verge of crumbling , Blitzer said
CNN  -- A man accused of killing a 7-year-old girl more than 50 years ago was charged Wednesday with being a fugitive by a Seattle , Washington , district court . Jack Daniel McCullough , 71 , was arrested last week at his home in Seattle . He was charged Friday in the connection with the death and disappearance of Maria Ridulph in 1957 in his hometown of Sycamore , Illinois . At a hearing Monday , a judge set McCullough 's bail at $ 3 million . Wednesday 's new charge is a holding charge that will allow Washington police to continue keep McCullough in custody until he returns to Illinois where he will be prosecuted . More than 50 years ago , Ridulph was abducted while playing with her friend , Cathy Sigman , near their homes in Illinois . Sigman told police that she and her friend were approached by a man in his early 20s wearing a multi-colored sweater who identified himself as "  Johnny , " according to the probable cause statement that led to McCullough 's arrest . Sigman told police the man gave Ridulph a piggy-back ride and then asked the girls if they had dolls , the documents state . While Ridulph went home to get a doll for "  Johnny , " Sigman said the man touched her on the arm and thigh , but their interaction went no further . Afterwards , she said she went inside her home to get mittens and when she returned , Ridulph and "  Johnny " were gone . After ignoring Sigman 's initial reports that her friend had disappeared , a massive search went out to find Ridulph . Soon after the FBI became involved and agents sent daily reports to then FBI director J. Edgar Hoover . Ridulph 's skeletal remains were found on April 26 , 1958 , about 120 miles from where she disappeared . McCullough , who then went by John Tessier , was an initial suspect , but he had an alibi . He told police that he was in Rockford , Illinois at a military recruiting station on the evening of Ridulph 's disappearance . McCullough said he had been given a train ticket from Rockford to Chicago by the military . After the session , he said he returned home and went on a date with his girlfriend . Police re-interviewed his then-girlfriend in 2010 and asked if she had any photos of McCullough . While showing police her pictures , the woman discovered an unused train ticket from Rockford to Chicago that she said he had given her on the date of the crime . The discovery led to McCullough 's arrest and eventual charge , according to court documents . Shortly after Ridulph 's disappearance , McCullough was accepted by the Air Force and legally changed his name from John Tessier to Jack Daniel McCullough . He eventually transferred to the Army and was assigned to Fort Lewis in Washington . He has been living in Seattle . At a hearing Monday , McCullough 's attorney told the judge his client does n't acknowledge that he is who the state claims he is , according to CNN affiliate KOMO in Seattle . Last September , investigators tracked down Cathy Sigman , now in her 60s , and showed her some old photos of men who fit the description of John Tessier , aka McCullough . "  That 's him , " she said , according to the probable cause statement that led to McCullough 's arrest . "  To the best of my memory and recollection of that night , that 's him . "	Jack Daniel McCullough is accused of killing a 7-year-old girl five decades ago Maria Ridulph disappeared in December of 1957 ; her remains were found over a year later McCullough was an initial suspect in Ridulph 's disappearance After Ridulph 's disapparance McCullough moved to Seattle , Washington
Authorities have killed almost 5,000 dogs in one Chinese city after rabies was blamed for the death of five people , China 's official Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday . Municipal authorities in Baoshan , in the southwestern province of Yunnan , culled 4,900 dogs and vaccinated 100,000 in its anti-rabies campaign , Xinhua reported . The report said that four people died from rabies in August and one in July following dog bites . Rabies outbreaks had been relatively rare in the past five years , Xinhua said . In 2006 , at least 16 people died of the disease in the eastern province of Shandong . China often orders stray dogs to be culled in an effort to prevent outbreaks of rabies but , as dog ownership has become more popular in affluent areas , some animal activists have decried the practice , calling for animals to be vaccinated or sterilized to keep dog numbers down . According to the World Health Organization , rabies is a virus that spreads to human through close contact from animals , usually a deep bite or scratch . It spreads through the central nervous system , leading to fatal inflammation of the brain and spinal cord . Effective treatment with a course of vaccines can prevent the onset of symptoms and death .	City in southwest China kills almost 5,000 dogs Rabies has killed five people in Baoshan Municipal government has vaccinated 100,000 dogs
CNN  -- It seems "  the worst drought that California has ever seen " has become even worse . It has been a month since Gov. Jerry Brown said the state was facing perhaps "  the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " New numbers released Thursday are painting an even dimmer picture . Currently , the whole state of California is "  abnormally dry , " according to a weekly report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . That 's a little worse than last week , when 98 % of the state had that designation , the report said . Brown has already urged Californians to cut back on water use . He 's already called for a voluntary 20 % conservation effort statewide . "  It 's important to wake all Californians to the serious matter of the drought and lack of rain , " Brown said in January . "  We are in an unprecedented , serious situation that people should pause and reflect on how we 're dependent on rain , Mother Nature and each other . " Drought hits ski towns hard President Barack Obama was in California last week announcing a new federal initiative aimed at helping farms and communities . The exact financial impact of the historic drought in California has yet to be calculated . But the financial blow could be in the billions of dollars , especially if the 2012 national drought is any indication . That disaster cost the country $ 30 billion , according to the National Climatic Data Center . CNN 's Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	The whole state is "  abnormally dry , " report says Gov. Jerry Brown has asked Californians to cut back on water use President Obama has announced federal aid
CNN  -- IN FOCUS : Jordan 's nuclear ambitions Many of the region 's Arab countries have laid out plans for nuclear energy , including Saudi Arabia , Qatar , and Kuwait . But since Fukushima they are re-thinking their strategies . One country that is sticking with its nuclear energy project is Jordan . This week MME takes a look at why Jordan is going down the nuclear route . FACETIME : King Abdullah , Jordan Aside from energy issues , the Kingdom of Jordan has taken drastic measures to address issues of unemployment , corruption and poverty . In an exclusive Interview , MME sits down with Jordan 's King Abdullah to talk about the Arab Spring and the challenges that lie ahead . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0945 , 1745 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1745	Prior to Fukushima , many Arab countries in the region held plans for nuclear energy MME looks at why Jordan remains on the nucleur route Jordan 's King Abdullah talks to MME about the Arab Spring and what obstacles lie ahead
PALLAVAKAM , India  CNN  -- South India 's sun beats down on a long line of trucks wending to the Bay of Bengal . In the back of these trucks , giant , brightly painted statues of the Hindu god Ganesha are waiting to be dropped in the nearby ocean . Ganesha worshippers transport their Idol for an immersion ritual . All over India , Hindus recently celebrated the birthday of the elephant god and now the idols made for this festivity are being taken to India 's ocean , rivers and lakes and deposited . It 's part of the Hindu religious cycle . But it 's also a huge source of pollution . And in recent years , idol immersion has become a popular local event , with some statues so huge they must be lifted by cranes . The Ganeshas gleam with gold paint and glisten with reds , pinks and greens . But scientists who 've studied the problem say these paints often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury . They contaminate plants , and poison fish and irrigation and drinking water . They end up in the human food chain . The problem is not just caused by idols of Ganesha , but by the many other Hindu god idols as well , such as Saraswati and Durga . Hundreds of thousands of god idols are immersed every year in festivals across India . A detailed study of the problem has been done by Shyam R. Asolekar of the Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay . He estimates that , in the city of Mumbai alone , several hundred thousand idols are made annually . Watch a Hindu immersion ritual " Decades ago , there were far fewer idols and idols were made of mud and biodegradable materials , Asolekar said . The effect also was "  minimal " he said , because waterways were n't linked as they are now . As a result of water and irrigation projects , "  connected water systems and dams have reduced the flow of water " and dramatically increased the effect of pollution . According to Asolekar 's study , "  Forbidding the disposal of painted idols , ornaments and decoration is the only sure way of protecting our water bodies . " Various Indian states are testing out new approaches , such as mobile immersion tanks , and encouraging mud idols . Asolekar dismissed the idea of an eco-friendly idol , saying even large amounts of mud kill waterways . "  The number of idols is so high , " he said , "  no matter what the material , there will always be an impact . Even organic substances in large quantities cause a problem . " He suggests a "  dry immersion , " in which the idol is sprinkled symbolically with water and then later dried for reuse . This approach would face great hurdles in a country where religious rituals have deep social and cultural ties and change comes slowly . Another possible interim measure uses a polymer-lined tank for immersion . More than 100 such tanks have been installed in Mumbai . The linings can be rolled up after use and the materials separated into bio and nonbiodegradable materials for composting and landfill . The water is filtered . But this solution is far from ideal , Asolekar said , as tens of thousands of such tanks would be needed , and there is still plenty of contamination . "  It will take time to change people 's attitudes , " he said .	Hindu ritual of immersing idols in oceans , rivers and lakes is causing contamination Paints on idols often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury Pollutants contaminate plants , poison fish and irrigation and drinking water "  Dry immersion " suggested as a solution -- idol is sprinkled symbolically with water
CNN  -- A large , hanging and then collapsing chunk of ice is likely the reason why two American climbers died in Peru , an investigator said Monday . The bodies of Ben Horne and Gil Weiss were found two days earlier , a heartbreaking end to a high-tech search . The men disappeared while attempting to scale the south face of Palcaraju Oeste , a 6,110-meter  20,000-foot  tall mountain located in Huaraz , a region popular with climbers . Ted Alexander , who coordinated an investigation and effort to find the men , said Horne and Weiss made it to the summit and ran into trouble on their way down . Evidence suggests that one of the men likely went to look over a serac -- a large block of ice -- to see if they could descend . Something gave out , causing the climber to fall some 65 feet , said Alexander . But because the men would have been tethered together , that first fall likely pulled the other man off the edge , which sent them both spiraling off a large cliff . "  Their equipment was strewn over the glacier . There was sign of great impact .  It  would lead us to believe that they did fall . My guess , looking at the photos and from talking to our guys out there that it was probably about a 1,000-foot fall , " Alexander said . Weiss , 29 , was the founder of Beyond Adventure , a company consisting of professional guides , logistical experts and photographers . He posted June 11 on his Facebook page that he was leaving Boulder , Colorado , for Peru "  for another season in the High Andes . " On July 10 , Horne , 32 , posted pictures and a chronicle of experiences in Peru on the climbing blog Pullharder.org . "  The Cordillera Blanca is world renowned for its high altitude mountaineering , " he wrote . "  But almost as awesome as the mountains themselves is the motley crew of international climbers who come to try their hand at getting high , on big peaks , cheap and fast . " Shay Har-Noy , who heads the technology company Tomnod that uses satellite imagery , said he enlisted the help of climbers and technology experts to find the pair using an application he built , with hundreds of people at one point poring through satellite images looking for signs of an avalanche . That information was then sent to search and rescue crews on the ground in Peru . Horne and Weiss were extremely fit and experienced climbers , having practiced the sport for more than a decade , according to Har-Noy . Weiss had been to Peru several times before , though this was Horne 's first such visit . "  Gil had the most optimistic view on practically everything , " Gil 's sister Galit Weiss told CNN . "  I think it 's really important to understand that you have to make the most of what you 've got , and you 've got to be grateful for everyone in your life . " 9 dead in French avalanche , police say Is Mount Everest like ' a morgue ' ?	The bodies of Ben Horne and Gil Weiss were discovered over the weekend Their equipment was strewn over a glacier Weiss "  had the most optimistic view on practically everything , " his sister remembers
Boston  CNN  -- One of three friends accused of helping Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev cover up his alleged crime got out on bond Monday , released to his mother 's custody . Robel Phillipos left the federal courthouse in a red Toyota sedan after a judge set bail at $ 100,000 . He will stay at his mother 's home , where he was living before his arrest last week , and be monitored electronically , according to terms his lawyers and prosecutors agreed to before Monday 's hearing . "  I 'm certainly happy for his mother and his family , " family friend Michelle Borden told reporters outside the courthouse . "  Now he has the comfort and the guidance he needs . " The courtroom was filled with friends and relatives during the Monday 's hearing , during which Phillipos appeared in jail coveralls and handcuffs . "  Now we look forward to defending him in the coming months , " defense lawyer Derege Demissie said . "  We are confident in the end he will be able to clear his name . " The FBI says that on April 18 , the three friends -- Phillipos , Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev -- went to Tsarnaev 's dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . According to court documents , Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev removed items from the room , including a laptop and a backpack loaded with fireworks , while Phillipos made false statements to bombing investigators . Phillipos is a U.S. citizen and a Boston native . Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov are from Kazakhstan and had visas to study in the United States . "  At no time did Robel have any prior knowledge of this marathon bombing , nor did he participate in the planning done by the defendant in this case , " Phillipos co-counsel Susan Church said . "  He is not charged with , nor is he alleged to have disposed with , the backpack , or had any role in what the two other students who are here on visas did with the backpack . " Five major developments in Boston case Here are the latest developments in the cases : Robel Phillipos Phillipos was a "  frightened and confused 19-year-old " when authorities questioned him several times in the days that followed the April 15 bombing , which killed three people and wounded more than 260 . Police believe Tsarnaev and his older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , set off the two bombs near the race 's finish line . Phillipos was under tremendous pressure when he was interrogated and did n't have an attorney at the time to help him , according to his attorneys . In asking for bail , attorneys said their client 's future has been ruined by the arrest . "  He will suffer its enduring and devastating effect for the rest of his life . The only way he can salvage his future is by clearing his name , " the documents say . Phillipos faces up to eight years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine if convicted . The judge Monday warned Phillipos not to tamper with witnesses on the threat of being locked up again . He attended high school with the younger Tsarnaev at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge , Massachusetts , where they both live . According to the court document , Phillipos had n't seen or talked to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for at least two months before the bombing . He was taking a semester off from UMass-Dartmouth and was only on campus the night of April 18 for a seminar . The document says Phillipos ' presence on campus that night is a case of "  sheer coincidence and bad luck . " Phillipos was living with his mother , an Ethiopian who immigrated to the United States in the 1980s and is now employed as a social worker . "  Everyone knows Robel as being a compassionate , thoughtful and sociable person , " his mother , Genet Bekele , said in an affidavit . Previously , a friend described Phillipos as a good kid who took care of his mom . James Turney told CNN affiliate WBZ : "  Phillipos plays basketball and does n't have any anti-American thing about him . " Azamat Tazhayakov Tazhayakov 's father , Amir Ismagulov , told CNN he met with his son for about 40 minutes last week . Both father and son believe in the U.S. justice system , Ismagulov said . Father defends son arrested in connection with bombing case The government will get to the bottom of what happened and let Tazhayakov go , said the father , speaking in Russian . He was in the "  wrong place ,  at the  wrong time , with  the  wrong people , " his father said . Tazhayakov is due back in court May 14 . He was already in federal custody on immigration charges related to his student visa , having been arrested in the days after the bombings due to his friendship with Tsarnaev . The Kazakhstan native is charged with obstruction of justice . If found guilty , he could face up to five years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . He is being represented by Arkady Bukh , an attorney based in New York . Ismagulov said his son always admired and wanted to come to the United States . He was here to study engineering and work in the oil business , his father said . Teenagers sometimes do stupid things , said Ismagulov , stressing that his son did n't know he was doing anything wrong . Ismagulov said that he asked his son whether he had wanted to help Tsarnaev . He apparently told his father no , saying that if they had wanted to help Tsarnaev , he and Kadyrbayev would have thrown out the bombing suspect 's laptop and buried his backpack in the ground . Investigators found the backpack , loaded with fireworks , in a landfill after a two-day search . Tsarnaev 's laptop was turned over by Kadyrbayev on April 19 , the same day the FBI raided the apartment he shared with Tazhayakov , Kadyrbayev 's attorney Robert Stahl said . According to the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , Tazhayakov is enrolled but has been suspended pending the outcome of the case . Dias Kadyrbayev Kadyrbayev also remains in jail , awaiting a May 14 court date . According to an FBI affidavit , Kadyrbayev had seen pictures of the suspects released by the FBI on April 18 and texted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to tell him "  he looked like the suspect on television . " Tsarnaev texted back "  lol " and added , "  come to my room and take whatever you want . " ' Attorney Stahl also said his client "  did not have anything to do " with the bombings and disputed that he tried to block the investigation . Kadyrbayev , a Kazakh national , was taken into custody along with Tazhayakov on April 20 on suspicion that he had violated the terms of his student visa , Stahl said . According to an interview his father gave in April , Kadyrbayev , 19 , "  missed a couple , or maybe several classes . " "  I can say about my son that he finished school with excellent grades ; he was good at math . He helped others . When he saw that help was needed , he always accommodated , " Murat Kadyrbayev told Tengi News and STV channel in Kazakhstan . Kadyrbayev is not currently enrolled at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth . He is charged with obstruction of justice and could face up to five years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines if found guilty . Kazakhstan 's foreign ministry said it was offering consular services to both Kadyrbayev and Tazhayakov . "  We would like to emphasize that our citizens did not receive charges of involvement in the organization of the Boston Marathon bombings . They were charged with destroying evidence , " the ministry said in a statement . CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported from Boston ; Steve Almasy reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Joe Johns , Dana Ford , Chris Welch and Julia Talanova also contributed to this report .	Phillipos will get needed "  comfort and guidance , " family friend says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev friend Robel Phillipos released on $ 100,000 bond Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev are due back in court on May 14 The three are accused of helping the surviving Boston Marathon bomb suspect
CNN Student News  -- October 14 , 2013 Two major storms roar through the Indian and Pacific Oceans , and Monday 's show begins with a look at what they left behind . We also examine the significance and controversy of Columbus Day , and we take off with a U.S. Coast Guard pilot who overcame tragedy to ascend to her dream job . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be the best way to get reliable information about a natural disaster happening on the other side of the world ? How might someone use this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Washington , D.C. 2 . Columbus Day 3 . U.S. Coast Guard Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Approximately how many people were temporarily relocated in India , and why ? 2 . What national parks and monuments were reopened recently ? Why had they been closed ? 3 . According to Malala Yousafzai , what are some things that terrorists are afraid of ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What may be some of the challenges of relocating large numbers of people ahead of a major storm ? How might these challenges contrast to relocating people from remote areas ? 2 . Why do you think that access to education is limited in some parts of the world ? What impact might restricting access to education have on a region 's residents and its people in power ? What are your thoughts on Malala Yousafzai 's statements on the power of education ? 3 . What challenges do you think that Coast Guard Lt. La'Shanda Jones may have faced throughout her life ? What are your thoughts on Lt. Jones ' story ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia India ; Pakistan ; Philippines FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  Federal and local authorities are investigating a deadly shooting by a U.S. Border Patrol Agent in Washington State . The U.S. Customs and Border Protection said the agent fired when a suspected "  illegal border crosser " assaulted him during a patrol along the U.S.-Canadian border on Thursday . The reported shooting happened near the Huntington Border Crossing which connects the cities of Sumas , Washington , and Abbotsford , British Columbia . It is one of several area border crossings between the U.S. and Canada and is located east of Bellingham , Washington , and Vancouver , British Columbia . The Bellingham Herald newspaper , citing police radio dispatches , said the man was struck in the head . "  The agent had been hit by pepper spray but was n't seriously injured , according to police radio traffic , " the newspaper said . The shooting apparently happened on an east-west road less than 1,000 feet from the border . Video from CNN partner CTV Network showed a covered body lying on the roadway , surrounded by police and investigation vehicles . The Border Patrol agent and the shooting victim have not been identified . The FBI and Whatcom County Sheriff 's Office are assisting in the investigation . CNN 's Tina Burnside , Greg Morrison and Christine Sever contributed to this report	Officials : Agent fired when a suspected illegal border crosser assaulted him Incident happened along U.S.-Canada border
London  CNN  -- A 22-year-old man appeared in court Thursday after he was charged with murder in the death of British soldier Lee Rigby in London last week . Flanked by two police officers , Michael Adebowale spoke to confirm his name , his address and that he was aware of the charges against him . Adebowale is also charged with unlawful possession of a firearm , a Dutch revolver , the Metropolitan Police said Wednesday . His hands were cuffed in front of him and he wore a gray long-sleeved shirt and white trousers for the brief appearance at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . Addressing Adebowale , Chief Magistrate Howard Riddle said that he could sit rather than stand because he was injured . Adebowale appeared to walk uncomfortably and his right hand was wrapped in what could have been a medical dressing . He was discharged from a hospital Tuesday and has been held in custody since at a police station . The magistrate referred Adebowale 's case to a higher court -- the Old Bailey in London , also known as the Central Criminal Court -- where he will have a bail hearing June 3 and a further preliminary hearing June 28 . "  There is sufficient evidence to prosecute Michael Adebowale and it is in the public interest to do so , " said Sue Hemming , head of the Crown Prosecution Service 's Special Crime and Counter-Terrorism Division . A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital . He has been identified by family , friends and acquaintances as Michael Adebolajo . In all , 10 people have been arrested in connection with the killing . Two were released without charges , while six others have been freed on bail -- the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested Monday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . The brutal killing of Rigby , who had served as an infantryman in Afghanistan and Cyprus , in the southeast London district of Woolwich shocked people across the United Kingdom . He was run over by a car and then stabbed in a daylight attack near the barracks where he was based . A post mortem examination found that the soldier 's cause of death was from "  multiple incised wounds , " police said Wednesday . An inquest into his death is due to open Friday . Two men were shot and injured after armed police were called to the scene May 22 . Rigby was married and had a 2-year-old son . His wife , Rebecca Rigby , said last week that he had been planning to visit them so they could discuss their future . Meanwhile , another woman who said she was Rigby 's fiancÃ © e told Britain 's Press Association that she 's "  extremely proud " of him and "  devastated " by his death . Aimee West 's comments came in a statement to the news service issued through the Metropolitan Police . While police did n't relay that statement to CNN , they confirmed that they 'd passed on West 's remarks to the Press Association . "  I am moved by all the flowers and tributes , and that he has been remembered by the nation as the great man she was , " West said .	Michael Adebowale will have a bail hearing Monday , the court says He appears , flanked by police officers , at Westminster Magistrates ' Court in London He 's charged with murder and unlawful possession of a firearm , police say A 28-year-old suspect remains under arrest at a London hospital
As Americans make up their minds and gear up to vote , CNN asks some of America 's foremost presidential historians to weigh in on the question : What does it take to make a president great ? Richard Reeves : FDR 's place in the 20th century Presidential greatness is determined by being in the White House at the right time -- or the wrong time . The presidency is a reactive job and we judge the presidents by their handling of one or two big crises , usually unforeseen . Nobody remembers whether Abraham Lincoln or Franklin D. Roosevelt or John F. Kennedy or Ronald Reagan balanced the budget . What we remember is the agony of the Civil War . The Great Depression and Pearl Harbor . The Cuban Missile Crisis and the threat of nuclear war . The winding down of the Cold War . Roosevelt , who probably understood the presidency better than anyone else -- before or after him -- was the greatest president of the 20th century because he knew what people wanted from the highest office in the land : action , words and optimism . That all came together when he said he was no longer "  Dr. New Deal " -- he became "  Dr. Win The War . " While historians will argue forever whether FDR actually ended the Depression , he did take aggressive action and fought with the right words with his "  infamy " speech on December 7,1941 , after Pearl Harbor was attacked . When the Soviet Union was putting nuclear missiles in Cuba , Kennedy said in private that doing nothing was the worst option and he would be impeached if he did not take action . In good times or bad , a president is expected to do something ! Sometimes he does the right thing and becomes great for it . Richard Reeves is the author of a presidential trilogy : "  President Kennedy : Profile of Power , " "  President Nixon : Alone in the White House " and "  President Reagan : The Triumph of Imagination . " He is senior lecturer at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California . Aida Donald : Truman believed in the strength of character In early 1962 , my husband and I were invited to the White House by first lady Jackie Kennedy because she wanted the president -- who loved history -- to listen to my husband , David Herbert Donald , talk about Abraham Lincoln . When the talk was over , President Kennedy asked : "  Do you think that what makes a president great is a war ? " My husband blanched and said , "  No , Franklin Roosevelt was a great president before World War II started . His domestic program had already made him a great president . " Of course , Lincoln was a great war president . His saving of the Union and the freeing of 4 million slaves were his greatest accomplishments . Now , I would add that Harry Truman was also a great president , because he was commander in chief in a great war and then reconstructed the world after World War II . Truman drew red lines to keep the Soviets from continually gobbling up countries . He saved Greece and Turkey with his Truman Doctrine . He saved Berlin with an airlift when the Soviets blockaded it . He led in forming the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to protect Europe . He started the Point Four program to assist poor countries . He was behind the Marshall Plan of giving Europe $ 6 billion to reconstruct itself and be a bulwark against Communism . He encouraged the rebuilding of Japan as a democratic and capitalist country and as a counter to Communist China . One should add two other momentous decisions Truman made that affected his greatness : He recognized the state of Israel as soon as it declared its independence , and he desegregated the American armed forces by executive order . From his earliest days , Truman kept a motto in his head : "  A leader needed a true heart , a strong mind , and a great deal of courage . " And he loved what Ben Franklin said : "  Always do the right thing . This will satisfy some people and astonish others . " In a nutshell , Truman believed that above all else , character made for greatness . It just happened that his greatness came from the battlefield and its aftermath . Aida D. Donald , former editor-in-chief of Harvard University Press , is the author of "  Citizen Soldier : A Life of Harry S. Truman . " H. W. Brands : Do n't dare to be great Great presidents are those who change the course of American history . Andrew Jackson established the principle that ordinary people should exercise political power . Abraham Lincoln reversed secession and freed the slaves . Franklin Roosevelt founded the welfare state and led the alliance that defeated fascism . Ronald Reagan dismantled large parts of the regulatory state and legitimized demands for smaller government . Not everyone agrees with the policies of great presidents ; transformation is often painful . Great presidents are opportunists : They acknowledge America 's strong bias toward the status quo and recognize that large changes are possible only when the status quo has been severely compromised . The greatest presidents -- Lincoln and FDR -- embody the paradox that they preside over the worst times , when the status quo is so broken  the Civil War , the Great Depression  that it can not continue in its old form . Great presidents appreciate that their authority is as much emotional and moral as it is institutional . They manifest charisma suited to their eras and convey compelling visions of new ways forward : popular democracy for Jackson , Union and liberty for Lincoln , social security for Roosevelt , lower taxes and lighter government for Reagan . Is America ripe for another great president ? Not yet . The economy underperforms but has n't collapsed . The federal debt mounts but has n't prompted a flight from the dollar . So must we wait for things to reach a crisis before we can expect another great president ? Yes . But this is the wrong way to view our predicament . We do not need a great president to fix what ails us . A good president will do . James Polk broke the impasse over expansion to the Pacific . Theodore Roosevelt tamed the trusts . Lyndon Johnson defeated Jim Crow . Each appealed to America 's core values and sense of self . Each proposed substantial but achievable goals . Each played politics , and played it well . The next president should n't strive for greatness , which would confer historical reputation but require more than the rest of us can bear . Being a good president will be good enough . H. W. Brands ' new book is "  The Man Who Saved the Union : Ulysses Grant in War and Peace . " Joan Hoff : Presidents and war A review of polls of presidential scholars since 1948 , but especially since 1962 , reveals that all of the top great or near-great presidents , except for Thomas Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt , were involved in war during their presidencies . Six of them -- James Polk , Lincoln , Woodrow Wilson , FDR , Truman , and Dwight D. Eisenhower -- were wartime presidents . LBJ , Richard Nixon , George H. W. Bush , and George W. Bush have not secured great or near-great status in these polls because of the failed Vietnam War , the successful but forgotten First Gulf War , and the misguided invasion of Iraq based on false intelligence . Given the length , expense and unpopularity of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , it is conceivable that future presidents may not automatically receive the vaunted accolade of presidential greatness when they commit the nation to military action . Taking action in a time of perceived crisis is also not always wise , as demonstrated by JFK 's Bay of Pigs fiasco , Jimmy Carter 's mishandling of the U.S. hostage situation in Iran , and Reagan 's hostage-for-arms scandal known as the Iran-Contra affair . This leaves us with the greatness of Jefferson and Theodore Roosevelt . How did their success as leaders emerge without waging war ? Importantly , both were intellectuals while most of the wartime presidents were not . So their writings and peaceful actions enhanced their reputations as thoughtful presidents . Despite Jefferson 's silence about his own slaves , the principles of the Declaration of Independence about fundamental human rights and equality still ring true . He also doubled and explored the nation 's land area and established the precedent of executive privilege . Likewise , Roosevelt -- despite his macho association with the Rough Riders during the Spanish-American War and his great white hunter lifestyle -- was the first president extensively to preserve national forests and parks , support civil service reform , oppose unregulated great corporations , and promote inspection of food and drugs . He also was the first American president to win the Nobel Peace Prize , because of his mediation of the Russo-Japanese War . Responding to crises and initiating wars may not represent the best way to determine the greatness of American presidents for the rest of the 21st century . Joan Hoff , author of "  Faustian Foreign Policy from Woodrow Wilson to George W. Bush , " is research professor of history at Montana State University . Joseph Ellis : When major crisis strikes Presidential greatness is a rare thing . The three greatest American presidents -- George Washington , Abraham Lincoln and Franklin Roosevelt -- all came to office at times of great crisis . Washington created a nation out of a confederation of states . Lincoln saved the nation that Washington created from dissolution . Roosevelt rescued the capitalistic economy of the nation from the Great Depression and , in World War II , its democratic legacy from totalitarianism . If history is a guide , then , presidential greatness only occurs in the crucible of major crises . If Islamic terrorists detonated a nuclear bomb in New York or Washington , or if an American attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities generated a widespread war in the Middle East , then the conditions would exist for the display of presidential greatness . Let 's hope that neither Barack Obama nor Mitt Romney will have to face such a predicament . Joseph J. Ellis is the author of the Pulitzer Prize-winning "  Founding Brothers : The Revolutionary Generation . "	America 's top presidential scholars weigh in on what makes a president great Richard Reeves : FDR was the greatest president of the 20th century H.W. Brands : America is not ready for another great president right now Joan Hoff : Wartime presidents tend to be considered great , but perhaps no longer
CNN  Turkey would be willing to put its troops on the ground in Syria "  if others dos their part , " Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that aired Monday . "  We are ready to do everything if there is a clear strategy that after ISIS , we can be sure that our border will be protected . We do n't want the regime anymore on our border pushing people against -- towards Turkey . We do n't want other terrorist organizations to be active there . " "  We want this humanitarian policy on the other side of the border . Second : military strategy , security . If there is there any threat against our national security , we will take all the measures -- all the measures . " Turkey , Syria 's northern neighbor , has been central to the civil war there since it began over three years ago . Then-Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan broke with his longtime ally , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , to support Syria 's opposition . Ever since , the government has been trying to convince the international community to do more to stop al-Assad . U.S. President Barack Obama , long wary of becoming involved , has become convinced that he must intervene in the Syrian war , but only to stop ISIS , not to go after the leader he nonetheless says long ago lost the legitimacy to govern . ` Our approach should be comprehensive ' "  We should n't be separating pre-ISIS and post-ISIS Syria , " Davutoglu told Amanpour . "  From the first early days of the crisis until now , no other country did more than Turkey ; what Turkey did against the attacks , brutal attacks of the regime , as well as against ISIS . " He said that American airstrikes in Syria were necessary but not enough for a victory . "  If ISIS goes , another radical organization may come in , " he said . "  So our approach should be comprehensive , inclusive , strategic and combined ... not just to punish -- to satisfy our public opinion -- to punish one terrorist organization , but to eliminate all terrorist threats in the future , and also to eliminate all brutal crimes against humanity committed by the regime . " "  We want to have a no-fly zone . We want to have a safe haven on our border . Otherwise , all these burdens will continue to go on the shoulder of Turkey and other neighboring countries . " Right now on Turkey 's border , ISIS has been vying for control of the Syrian town of Kobani ; CNN crews on the border witnessed what appeared to be an ISIS black flag flying on the eastern side of town . "  We will do everything possible to help people of Kobani because they are our brothers and sisters . We do n't see them as Kurds or Turkmen or Arabs . If there is a need of intervention to Kobani , we are telling that there is a need of intervention to all Syria , all of our border . " The rise of ISIS , and the international military strikes against it , have forced hundreds of thousands of refugees across Turkey 's border in recent weeks , to join the nearly 1 million refugees that the United Nations refugee agency says are already there . "  People are asking us to receive refugees , and they are praising us , OK . But at the same time , they are saying please control your border . How can you control a border if , in three days , 180,000 people are coming ? In three days ! " On the front lines of Syria 's war , Turkey is trying to dispel the idea that the United States can become involved in Syria by going after ISIS but not al-Assad . "  We said chemical weapons are the red line . He used chemical weapons . What happened to him ? " "  We did n't do anything . " "  He killed people by punishing through hunger . He surrounded cities , neighborhoods , and kept them hungry . And we have seen -- you showed in your program -- 50,000 photographs who were killed by these methods , by Syrian regime . And everybody was silent . " "  And now , because of these crimes , there was no reaction , these radical organizations -- I mean ISIS -- misused this atmosphere and told these people the international community does n't defend you . Nobody defends you . Only I can defend you by my own means . This was the source of ISIS . " Davutoglu said Turkey warned the West "  several times " about the rise of radicalism in Syria . "  We talked to our European and American colleagues that if there is no solution against these crimes against humanity by the Syrian regime , there will be a rise of radicalism . At that time , there was no name of ISIS , but we were telling them . " A porous border , a diplomatic spat Disagreements over how much America should involve itself in the Syria civil war are not the only source of tension between Turkey and the United States . Last week , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden blamed Turkey in part for the rise of groups like ISIS . "  They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad , " he said . "  Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world . " The vice president apologized to Erdogan in a phone conversation this weekend . "  This is really a very unfair accusation , " Davutoglu said . "  What we expect , Christiane , are two things : fairness and empathy . " "  America , the United States of America , has a border with Mexico , and there are two states on both sides . Is it easy to control all the border ? " "  One point six million people came  to Turkey  . This is the combined total , combined population of Washington , D.C. , Boston and Atlanta . " "  You can imagine which type of risks and challenges we are facing . Either we will close the borders , which means nobody can come in , which would be against our culture . " Turkey has nonetheless openly supported the moderate opposition . "  We did n't hide that we are supporting the moderate opposition , Syrian National Coalition , by all means . If others listened to our advice -- our allies and the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- if they had protected and supported the moderate opposition , today we would n't be facing such a big crisis of ISIS . " Turkey in transition Davutoglu has been Prime Minister for a little over a month , having previously been foreign minister . The change comes as Erdogan has transitioned to the office of president , having won a landmark election -- the first time Turks directly elected their president . Though the role of president is officially ceremonial , Erdogan has talked openly about changing the constitution , and many critics say he has become increasingly authoritarian in his governing style . "  I made some important changes " in the Cabinet , Davutoglu said . "  That was my own choice . I do n't want to make big changes because there will be a new -- another election in 2015 . " "  I also told and I promised my people that there is a need for a new constitution because this constitution is a product of a military coup d'etat . But the main change of constitution is -- will be directed to human rights and not state-centric constitution . " On the eve of Davutoglu 's ascension to prime minister , a prominent Turkish writer said in The New York Times that he could have a calming effect on the country 's politics . "  Although Mr. Erdogan chose him because they seem to agree on all major issues , Mr. Davutoglu could still help Turkey by bringing his gentle , polite and smiling persona to the country 's bitter and hate-filled political scene , " Mustafa Akyol wrote . "  First of all , the assumption is wrong , " Davutoglu said . "  In many aspects , in fact , there have been many reforms in last three , four years . " "  About my style , everybody has his personality , and this does not mean these are alternatives to each other . These could be complementary and inclusive in that sense . And I will , from academic life until now , I had the same personality , my personality did n't change and will not change . "	Ahmet Davutoglu : U.S. airstrikes in Syria were necessary but not enough to beat ISIS "  If ISIS goes , another radical organization may come in , " he says All terrorist threats and "  crimes against humanity " committed by Syria must end , he says "  We will do everything possible " to help "  our brothers and sisters " in Kobani , he says
CNN  -- The new coach of Penn State 's embattled football program acknowledged criticism from alumni over his hiring , vowing to work to earn their trust and saluting the team 's iconic former head coach Joe Paterno . Bill O'Brien 's selection as the Nittany Lions ' next coach has stirred the ire of some former Penn State football players , angry that he did n't attend the university and had never before been a head coach . He becomes the 15th head football coach in the program 's 125-year history after replacing interim coach Tom Bradley , a former player and longtime coach at Penn State . Bradley himself stepped in after school trustees fired Paterno in November after he did n't go far enough in reporting an alleged child sex abuse scandal involving former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky . O'Brien , most recently the offensive coordinator for the NFL 's New England Patriots , said Saturday he is aware of the "  controversy , " though he predicted that "  in time , we will find that we have more common interests and goals than not . " "  We admire one 's loyalties to Penn State , Penn State football , its grand tradition , coach Paterno and all his football staffs , " O'Brien said . "  We respectfully request the opportunity to earn your trust through communication and ... through our  shared  abilities , ethics , beliefs , work ethics and commitment to Penn State . " A riot erupted on the Pennsylvania school 's campus after Paterno was dismissed , days after Sandusky was arrested and accused of sexually abusing young boys . Paterno , 84 , who his family has said is being treated for lung cancer , left the program as the all-time winningest football coach in Division I history . O'Brien said Saturday that "  there will never be enough words to say what he did for this program -- as far as wins , as far as off-the-field  by  graduating student-athletes every single year . " The new coach said he had n't met yet with predecessor , but he looked "  forward to that as soon as I can . " SI : Many Penn State alumni angry over choice Paterno himself issued a statement Saturday , after news broke about O'Brien 's selection . He referenced the fact that both men attended and played football at Brown University . "  I understand Bill O'Brien has been named head coach and I want to congratulate him on his appointment , " Paterno said . "  I do n't know Bill , but I respect his coaching record , and I am particularly pleased we share a connection to my alma mater , Brown . " Paterno defended the program under his watch , against criticisms that it made winning and control of the program the top priorities over developing student-athletes . "  Despite recent commentary to the contrary , Penn State football has always been about more than winning , " he said . ' I came to Penn State with the simple but unshakeable view that this great institution could and should have a football program that is both fiercely competitive and deeply committed to education and community service . "  The proof of our success is the hundreds of former players who have graduated and gone on to become great husbands , fathers , businessmen and community leaders . I am hopeful this tradition will continue . " Patriots head coach Bill Belichick lauded O'Brien in a statement Saturday , calling him an "  inspirational leader " for the team . "  Bill O'Brien has met every personal and professional challenge head on with great passion and competitiveness , " Belichick said . "  This is a great match between a storied program and a old-school football coach . Bill will be up to the task . " Penn State 's quarterback , Matt McGloin said earlier this week that he and other players are "  excited " for a "  fresh start . " McGloin told CNN affiliate WBRE that he hopes the selection of O'Brien will help "  erase some of the things that have happened in the past year . " "  It should be exciting for everyone , " said McGloin , acknowledging that some Penn State alumni have voiced dissatisfaction with the move since O'Brien did n't attend the State College school . "  The most important thing is that the players are happy . " The Penn State program is still reeling from the abuse allegations that surfaced this fall . Prosecutors have said that Sandusky sexually molested at least eight boys , some of them in Penn State facilities , over a 14-year period . That includes a 2002 shower incident in which a former Penn State graduate assistant , Mike McQueary , said he saw Sandusky possibly sodomizing a boy , saying that what he saw was "  extremely sexual in nature , " according to grand jury testimony . He told Paterno , who told then-athletic director Tim Curley , according to a grand jury report . Law enforcement authorities , however , did n't become aware of that allegation until years later . Curley and Gary Schultz , a university vice president who oversaw campus police , are charged with perjury and failing to report suspected child sexual abuse related to the 2002 incident . O'Brien did not mention the sex abuse scandal in his opening remarks Saturday . He did say that the "  standard for Penn State football remains very high . " "  There is so much pride in Penn State , and we will never take that for granted , " he said . According to his biography on Patriots.com , the NFL team 's official website , the Nittany Lions ' new football coach grew up in Dorchester , Massachusetts . O'Brien began his coaching career at Brown , his alma mater , before going on to take jobs at Georgia Tech , Maryland and Duke . He joined the Patriots in 2007 as a coaching assistant , rapidly rising up the ranks in the subsequent years . "  The Penn State football program has a great legacy and has contributed enormously to our university community , " university President Rodney A. Erickson said in a statement . "  A program of this caliber requires a special kind of leader -- a leader who will embrace that legacy and maintain the university 's commitment to excellence on the field and in the classroom . We have that leader in Coach O'Brien , and I look forward to working with him in his new role . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Bill O'Brien acknowledges criticism of his hiring and vows to earn alumni 's trust NEW : He praises iconic , and recently fired , Penn State coach Joe Paterno Paterno himself says that he respects O'Brien 's coaching record Patriots coach Bill Belichick lauds O'Brien , saying he and Penn State are a "  great match "
Authorities at Yellowstone National Park are investigating reports that a tourist crashed a drone into the Grand Prismatic Spring , the park 's largest hot spring , on Saturday . The tourist approached a park employee about getting the drone back after losing it in the almost 200-feet deep hot spring . The employee let the tourist go without initially reporting the incident to authorities . "  I do n't think the person who they spoke with realized that drones could n't be flown in the park or the implications of what they were being told , " Amy Bartlett , spokesperson for Yellowstone National Park , told CNN . Drones are banned in national parks . The National Park Service announced in June that it was prohibiting unmanned aircraft from all park service-controlled lands and waters , totaling about 84 million acres throughout the country . Park rangers have not yet spoken to the drone 's operator and are still trying to determine if they can even track that person down . "  The technology certainly has been around for a while , but this is the year that the problem has seemed to come to light for us , " Bartlett said . Park rangers have not determined if the drone damaged the spring and if it 's necessary to recover it . This is the latest in a string of recent drone incidents in national parks and beyond . Visitors watching the sunset over the Grand Canyon were interrupted by a loud drone in April . And volunteers reported that a herd of bighorn sheep at Zion National Park in Utah scattered after being harassed by a drone . Also , a Seattle woman called police in June to report a peeping Tom drone . The drone was hovering outside of her high-rise window , and the woman saw operators on the ground below with camera equipment . The drone operators insist that they were not spying on the woman , but rather her view . They were working on plans for a new building . Police said as long as the drone was flying in a public space , there was little that they could do .	Tourist said to have crashed drone into Grand Prismatic Spring Park officials not sure if drone damaged the spring or if it needs to be recovered National Park Service banned drones in its parks in June
CNN  -- California corrections officials released a startling new prison mug shot of Grammy-winning music legend Phil Spector , convicted last month of second-degree murder and serving 19 years to life in prison . Phil Spector 's prison mug shot , taken June 5 , shows him without a hairpiece . Spector , 69 , is being held at North Kern State Prison , where he is being evaluated before receiving a permanent prison assignment , corrections spokesman Gordon Hinkle said . The process could take up to 70 days . The mug shot , which shows a bald-pated Spector , was taken on June 5 as part of the routine intake process . California prison inmates are not permitted to wear wigs under Title 15 , Article 5 , Section 3062 of the state 's prison regulations , which addresses inmate hygiene . Corrections officials also are concerned that wigs can be used to hide contraband . A judge in Los Angeles sentenced Spector last month to the maximum sentence for second-degree murder in the February 2003 shooting death of actress Lana Clarkson . Spector , 69 , wo n't be eligible for parole until he is 88 years old . Clarkson , 40 , was found dead , slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth . View a timeline of the case " Spector 's retrial began in October and ended in April . It took jurors 30 hours to convict him . His first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial when the jury deadlocked 10 to 2 in favor of conviction after 15 days of deliberations . Clarkson starred in the 1985 B-movie "  Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including "  Deathstalker , " "  Blind Date , " "  Scarface , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death . At both trials , Spector 's attorneys argued Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and her flagging Hollywood career . They said she grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol and killed herself while at Spector 's home . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand and testified he threatened them with firearms . His driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw Spector leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector 's professional trademark was the "  Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label , named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill , in the early 1960s . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this story .	NEW : Newly released photo taken at state prison intake center on June 5 Music producer serving 19 years to life for 2003 slaying of Lana Clarkson Actress was found shot dead in foyer of Spector 's California mansion Jury deadlocked at first trial , Spector convicted of second-degree murder at retrial
CNN  -- A judge ruled Monday that three HIV-positive women in Namibia were sterilized without their informed consent , their lawyer said . But the high court judge said the women did not provide enough evidence to prove that they were sterilized because they were HIV-positive , according to attorney Amon Ngavetene . The judge has not yet decided on awarding damages in the case , said Ngavetene , coordinator of the AIDS Law Unit at the Legal Assistance Centre . The women were seeking 1.2 million Namibian dollars  about $ 150,000  in compensation . The center is representing 18 women , alleging that public hospitals sterilized them without their informed consent . Namibian authorities have denied accusations that forced sterilizations have been a matter of government policy . Emilia Handumbo , one of the HIV-positive women suing the government , told CNN last year that she was given documents to sign while she was in labor and about to give birth in a public hospital . Watch : Forced sterilization in Africa "  I thought they were papers for the caesarian , but then the nurse said to me , ' I think they are going to close you , ' " she said . Thanks to anti-AIDS drugs , Handumbo gave birth to a healthy , HIV-negative baby . But then the letters "  BTL " appeared in her hospital file . The letters , she later learned , stood for bilateral tubal ligation , a form of sterilization . Attorney Corinna van Wyk said Handumbo is one of many women who are victims of a broken health system . "  Doctors are taking advantage of them , " van Wyk said . ` The damage is permanent , obviously , not only physically . These women are discriminated against culturally because they can no longer bear children , " she said . Human rights groups say that the high profile nature of Monday 's case has done little to change the conduct of some health care workers in Namibia , alleging that more HIV-positive women who claim they were forcibly sterilized are still coming forward . A study from the International Community of Women Living with HIV/AIDS and the Namibia Women 's Health Network unearthed 40 cases in three of the country 's regions . AIDS activist Jenny Gatsi-Mallet , who helped conduct the research , said doctors working for the state have told her they were just following guidelines . "  They are saying that these guidelines came into being when AIDS first came into the country , and I think that was in 2001 , and it was a directive that says any woman who tests positive for HIV should be sterilized straight away , " Gatsi-Mallet said . But Dr. Norbert Forster , deputy permanent secretary of Namibia 's health ministry , told CNN last year that the sterilization of HIV-positive women was "  not at all " an official policy . "  That is not our position , " he said , adding that forcing women to sign consent documents "  would not be in line " with the government 's policy . Peruvian authorities reopen investigation into forced sterilization U.S. hearing explores history of forced sterilization	The ruling is the first in a series of cases filed against the Namibian government Attorneys allege that public hospitals sterilized at least 18 HIV-positive women "  The nurse said to me , ' I think they are going to close you , ' " one woman says Authorities deny accusations that sterilizations are a government policy
CNN  -- "  About 20 " cases of a polio-like syndrome have been identified in California children over the past 18 months , a Stanford University researcher says . Dr. Keith Van Haren , a pediatric neurologist at Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital Stanford , has written a report about five of the early cases . In that report , which will be presented in April at the American Academy of Neurology 's annual meeting , neurologists said they had identified five patients who developed paralysis in one or more of their limbs between August 2012 and July 2013 . All five children had been vaccinated against the poliovirus . Treatment did not seem to help the children regain their motor function . Samples from two of those children tested positive for enterovirus 68 , a rare virus that has been linked to severe respiratory illness in the past . Samples from the other three children were not collected or tested soon enough to yield conclusive results , said Dr. Emmanuelle Waubant , a neurologist at the University of California , San Francisco . "  About 20 cases have been identified in the U.S. so far , all in California , and all occurring in the past 18 months , " Van Haren said in an online posting Monday on the hospital 's website . Sofia Jarvis is one of the children affected . Her mother , Jessica Tomei , told reporters Monday night the family is speaking out to raise awareness of the condition . Sofia experienced what doctors thought was asthma and spent four days in the hospital , her mother said . As the family was leaving a follow-up pediatrician visit , Sofia reached for a toy out of the doctor 's "  treasure box . " "  I saw her left hand , mid-grasp , stop working , " her mother said . "  We did not realize what we were in store for , " Tomei said . Sofia , who had received a polio vaccination , had spinal cord inflammation , and her left arm is permanently paralyzed . The paralysis surfaced at age 2 , according to Stanford . Sofia is now 4 . Today , she is doing well , Tomei said , but trying to tie her shoes or get dressed -- things she "  would normally be learning , we 're going to have to find a new way of doing . " Waubant and her colleagues are asking health care providers to be on the lookout for similar cases and send in samples from any patient exhibiting these symptoms . "  We want to temper the concern because , at the moment , it does not appear to represent a major epidemic but only a very rare phenomenon , " Van Haren said . Van Haren and Waubant spoke with reporters Monday night , and Van Haren said that although they have found five cases , there are "  preliminary reports of several more . " In the cases , he said , children experience a "  sudden onset of flaccid weakness that can occur over the course of hours , " affecting one or more limbs . "  The prognosis that we 've seen so far is not good , " he said . Most of the children have not recovered use of the most severely affected limb , although some recovery has been seen in less-affected limbs . The condition is associated with "  severe weakness , " Waubant said . "  It 's not just dropping a toy ; it 's more like not being able to move your arm at all . " Polio-like illness found in five California children Dr. Carol Glaser , chief of the Encephalitis and Special Investigation Section at the California Department of Public Health , said the state is aware of the paralysis cases but believes the risk to families is low . "  We are evaluating cases as they are reported to us , " Glaser said in an e-mail to CNN . "  We have not found anything at this point that raises any public health concerns . " The department "  is taking these reports very seriously , " Van Haren said . The phenomenon , he added , is not entirely new , as similar outbreaks have been seen across the world . The poliovirus has been eradicated in the United States for more than 30 years . Only three countries in the world are not yet free of the disease : Afghanistan , Pakistan and Nigeria , according to the World Health Organization . Why polio has n't gone away yet Poliovirus is part of the Picornaviridae family , which also includes enteroviruses and rhinoviruses  better known as the common cold  . There are more than 100 types of enterovirus that cause 10 million to 15 million infections in the United States each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most people who become infected with an enterovirus do not get sick or experience only mild symptoms , said Dr. Steven Oberste , chief of the Polio and Picornavirus Laboratory Branch at the CDC . Common symptoms include fever , runny nose , cough , skin rash and body aches . Enterovirus is often the cause of "  summer colds , " whose cases spike in July , August and September . Children and teens are more likely to fall ill because they have not yet built up immunity to these common viruses . However , some types of enterovirus are more serious . These can cause hand , foot and mouth disease ; viral meningitis ; encephalitis  inflammation of the brain  ; an infection of the heart ; and paralysis in some patients . Enterovirus 68 was first identified in a California lab in 1962 after four children came down with a severe respiratory illness . Between 1970 and 2005 , only 26 cases of enterovirus 68 in the United States were reported to the CDC . Since 2000 , the government agency has kept a closer watch and has seen 47 cases , Oberste said . Outbreaks have occurred over the years in Asia and Europe , but it 's still one of the rarest types of enterovirus . More common -- and more concerning to health officials -- is enterovirus 71 , which was discovered by the same California lab in 1969 , Oberste said . Enterovirus 71 is usually associated with severe neurological issues , including aseptic meningitis , polio-like paralysis and encephalitis . Waubant is not sure if the samples from this latest group of patients were tested for enterovirus 71 . According to a CDC report , several outbreaks of paralysis caused by enterovirus 71 were seen in Europe in the 1960s and 1970s . In the late 1990s and early 2000s , fatal encephalitis was a big problem in Malaysia and Taiwan . "  Ever since then , the virus has circulated in high levels in Southeast Asia , " Oberste said . In recent years , the outbreaks have spread to Australia ; a cluster of cases near Sydney drew media attention in 2013 . Between 1983 and 2005 , 270 cases of enterovirus 71 were reported in the United States . But none has resulted in a larger outbreak despite the infectious nature of the virus . "  That 's the really odd thing , " Oberste said . "  We see cases from time to time in the United States . Occasionally they 'll be severe . Basically it 's identical to what 's circulating in Asia ... but it does n't cause the same big outbreak in disease . And we really do n't know why . " The CDC is aware of the small cluster of cases in California but is not actively involved in an investigation , a spokesman told CNN . Waubant and her colleagues do n't want to alarm anyone with their case report presentation ; they 're simply seeking help in finding the cause of these seemingly connected cases . Parents need to know that vaccination is key to preventing polio from returning to the United States , Glaser said . While there is no vaccine to protect you from a non-polio enterovirus , washing your hands frequently and avoiding close contact with others who are sick can help .	Neurologist : Cases do n't seem to be "  a major epidemic but only a very rare phenomenon " Some children tested positive for enterovirus 68 , a rare virus linked to respiratory illness Another type , enterovirus 71 , is more commonly linked to paralysis Both are uncommon in the United States ; health officials say risk is low
CNN  -- Emergency officials sifted through damage and debris scattered across roadways Saturday after a line of fast-moving storms and high winds swept through northwestern Wisconsin the night before , leaving at least one person dead and 39 others injured . Three people were critically injured and a second person died , though not as a result of the storm , Burnett County spokeswoman Dawn Sargent said . The storms also contributed to "  widespread power outages " in a county with a population that normally swells to more than 80,000 people during the Fourth of July weekend . Burnett County 's typical population is about 17,000 . "  We ask nonresidents to avoid the area because of the road closures and the presence of emergency crews trying to clear debris from the roadways , " Sargent added . Roughly three-quarters of the county have been affected , while its northern sections were more heavily hit . The towns of Grantsburg , Washburn , Danbury and Web Lake were among the hardest-hit areas , said Wisconsin 's emergency management spokeswoman Rhonda Reynolds . "  Last night we were working , and at about 7 o'clock the winds really picked up , " said Carinna Coy , an employee at T-Dawgs restaurant in Grantsburg . "  From what we could see today , there 's a lot of trees that tipped over and a lot of roads that are closed . "  Main Street is a mess , " she added . A hardware store owner in neighboring Washburn described gusty winds , heavy rains and lightning that preceded power outages . "  Power 's been out in parts of Washburn for most of the day , though they say that hopefully it 'll be back soon , " Nate Swiston of Washburn Hardware said . An aerial survey of the region revealed storm damage to homes and downed trees throughout the region . Officials said Saturday that they are focused on looking for trapped residents and distributing food , water and emergency medical supplies . The American Red Cross also opened a meals station for the general public at the Grantsburg Middle School , Sargent said . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : 39 people have been injured , 3 of them critically NEW : 80,000 people typically fill the county during the Fourth of July weekend NEW : Burnett County 's typical population is about 17,000 Grantsburg , Washburn , Danbury and Web Lake were among the hardest hit
They were trapped at sea for 1,000 days , held on their own ship by Somali pirates off the coast of Yemen . A petition pushing for their release described hostages huddled in tight spaces aboard the MV Iceberg 1 , given only rice and water to survive . Conditions were so harsh on the ship that one member of the 24-person crew reportedly committed suicide by jumping overboard . Another was killed by pirates . Over the weekend , troops from the Puntland Maritime Police Force rescued the 22 hostages remaining on the Panama-flagged vessel , ending the longest time anyone has been held hostage by pirates , according to Michael Howlett , deputy director of the International Maritime Bureau . "  We are greatly relieved to hear that they are safe after their terrible ordeal , " said Peter Swift , chairman of the Maritime Piracy Humanitarian Response Programme , which has been tracking the ship 's saga . Sunday 's rescue was the result of a two-week operation , the International Maritime Bureau said . Mohamed Abdulrahman , director of the maritime force that led the mission , said Monday that the rescued hostages -- who hailed from Yemen , India , Pakistan , Ghana , Sudan and the Philippines -- were in good health at a military base in Puntland , a semiautonomous region of Somalia . They showed signs of physical abuse and illness after their time in captivity , the International Maritime Bureau said . "  We hope that both public and private organizations will work to ensure that the released hostages , as well as their families , receive all the necessary support and assistance they will require both immediately and longer term as they recover from the trauma and deprivation that they have suffered since being kidnapped , " Swift said . In March 2010 , pirates hijacked the ship , which had been transporting mechanical equipment and was en route to the United Arab Emirates , the European Union Naval Force Somalia reported at the time . "  Whilst this is a successful rescue operation , our thoughts are with the remaining 139 hostages still held by pirates , 28 of whom have been there for just under two years , " the International Maritime Bureau said in a statement . On Sunday , officials from the bureau , which monitors pirate attacks , said that heavily armed pirates had kidnapped four people after attacking an Italian supply vessel off the coast of Nigeria . In October , the bureau reported that sea piracy had fallen to its lowest level worldwide since 2008 as a result of increasing policing by international naval forces .	Official : The hostages ' 1,000 days in captivity was the longest anyone has been held by pirates Their rescue was the result of a two-week operation One member of the ship 's crew reportedly committed suicide ; another was killed by pirates International Maritime Bureau says the hostages show signs of physical abuse and illness
CNN  -- A letter of reprimand was sent to the 911 operator who handled the emergency call from a social worker seeking help as Josh Powell killed his sons and himself in his Graham , Washington , home in February . It took eight minutes for 911 communications officer David Lovrak to send a police car , and it took an additional 13 minutes for a police car to get to Powell 's home , according to the letter released Thursday . Lovrak violated several department policies and failed to recognize "  many red flags " that should have led to a faster response , the reprimand said . Powell snatched the children from a social worker delivering them for a supervised visit , locked the doors and hacked them with a hatchet before an explosion engulfed his home February 5 . The gas-fueled blast killed Powell and his sons , Charles , 7 , and Braden , 5 , a grisly end to a story that started with the 2009 disappearance of the boys ' mother . "  You said that you have learned from this call to be more attentive to every caller and listen carefully to what they are saying and assuming nothing , " wrote Diana Lock , the assistant director of the Law Enforcement Support Agency , which operates the 911 call center . Lovrak was confused about how the social worker , who brought the two children to Powell 's home for a supervised visit , "  fit into the equation , " the letter said . "  During the fact-finding you said that you were indeed confused and at first thought that the caller was the mother of the children , " Lock wrote . "  You said that you regretted sounding contentious when you said ` You ca n't supervise yourself . ' " The operator was also criticized for responding to the caller 's question of "  How long will it be " with the answer "  I do n't know ma'am , they have to respond to emergencies -- life threatening situations first . " His assumption that the caller was a mother involved in a custodial dispute contributed to the operator missing what "  appeared to be many red flags , " Lock wrote . "  When asked about this in the fact-finding you responded that custodial interference calls typically have heightened emotions and feel like emergencies to the person making the 911 call , " she wrote . "  You further stated that you wished you had known who Josh Powell was . " In March , investigators found Susan Powell 's blood inside the family 's Utah home and a handwritten will saying she feared for her life at the hands of her husband , court documents show . The documents offered a glimpse of the evidence authorities collected that put Josh Powell at the center of the investigation into her December , 2009 , disappearance . The reprimand regarding the 911 call also listed factors that were beyond Lovrak 's control . The 911 computers have a system to quickly identify addresses known to be related to problems , but there was no "  premise hazard " information for Powell 's home despite his history . This "  would have alerted you and the dispatcher to the need for a heightened response , " the letter said . The appropriate discipline should be corrective , not punitive , the letter concluded . "  You have undergone local and national scrutiny , have admitted your errors , and have identified the ways you will correct and improve your call handling in the future , " Lock wrote .	NEW : The operator was confused how the social worker "  fit into the equation , " the reprimand letter says Police arrived at the burning home 22 minutes after social worker 's call , reprimand letter says 911 operator David Lovrak missed "  many red flags , " his supervisor concludes Josh Powell snatched the children and hacked them with a hatchet before an explosion engulfed his home
CNN  -- So , where 'd everybody go ? Baseball 's Philadelphia Phillies ' attendance is down 8,290 per home game from a year ago . Toronto Blue Jays and Texas Rangers , each down more than 4,000 . Minnesota Twins , more than 3,000 . Detroit Tigers , Washington Nationals , Atlanta Braves , Arizona Diamondbacks , Chicago White Sox , 2,000-plus . Baltimore Orioles , Chicago Cubs , Cincinnati Reds , Cleveland Indians , Colorado Rockies , New York Mets , San Diego Padres , Tampa Bay Rays ... . down , down , down , down , down , down , down , down . Like they say , come on out , good seats still available ! As baseball 's yearly All-Star Game gets under way Tuesday night in Minneapolis , we will be bombarded with a lot of talk about what a great young star this guy is , or that guy is . "  You 'll be hearing a lot about this guy . " "  This kid 's going to be around a long , long time . " "  He 's got ` future Hall of Famer ' written all over him . " Of course we will . Of course he does . Never mind all the one-season wonders . The flashes in the pans . The golden boys who turned to rust . The All-Stars who were barely seen or heard from again . It 's a frat party and everybody 's up for it . Major League Baseball has never been better -- at least that 's what somebody will tell you and sell you . Except it 's untrue . Seventeen of the game 's 30 teams have poorer attendance than a year ago at this time . World Series television ratings get more disappointing year after year . Household-name players -- I mean popular and scandal-free ones like Mariano Rivera and Derek Jeter -- have come to the ends of their careers , with no clear heir-apparents . Is there a star player of today you 'd go out of your way to see ? "  Hey , Felix Hernandez is in town ! " "  You wan na go to the ballpark tonight and see Adam Wainwright ? " Those are your All-Star starting pitchers . Would you recognize either one if you saw him coming toward you on the street ? Baseball is losing its luster . As ticket prices get higher , interest goes lower . As options on television expand , baseball 's grip on the American public gets ever more slippery . TV 's audience for Game 1 of the 2004 World Series between the Boston Red Sox and St. Louis Cardinals came to approximately 25.4 million viewers . When the same two teams met in the World Series last October , Game 1 's viewership was pegged at around 15 million . One year earlier a series between the San Francisco Giants and Detroit Tigers attracted the worst TV ratings of any World Series in the past 30 years . Players of great prowess and promise do still come along . Miguel Cabrera . Andrew McCutchen . Robinson Cano . Clayton Kershaw . A kid can capture imaginations in the blink of an eye . Mike Trout . Jose Abreu . Yu Darvish . Yasiel Puig . They also can vanish from the radar just as quickly . Albert Pujols now seems two-thirds the superstar he used to be . Prince Fielder , CC Sabathia , Matt Kemp , Ryan Howard ... not exactly the game 's hottest names anymore . Stephen Strasburg ... . was n't he the pitcher we were all waiting for ? We 're still waiting . Derek Jeters do not come along every day . Oh , he is n't nearly as famous nationwide as New Yorkers think he is . You could go months in California or Texas or Ohio without meeting a soul who cares that this is Jeter 's last season , let alone anyone who could tell you who "  the Captain " is . Yet he is a rarity in baseball indeed , particularly in this era -- a standout from beginning to end , as well as a guy who never gave us cause to question what kind of guy he secretly must be . He 's been about as controversial as a Muppet . Baseball could use more like him . They had better show themselves soon , too , because fewer and fewer people are watching . You 'll hear somebody tonight call it the national pastime , but let me assure you of something : This nation can find other ways to pass the time .	Mike Downey : Attendance at Major League Baseball games is way down for many teams He says All-Star Game Tuesday held against backdrop of waning interest , dearth of big stars He says players of prowess come along , but with fewer viewers , they do n't get famous Downey : Players like Derek Jeter do n't come along . We need more of them
CNN  -- Spanish and European champions Barcelona took a break from their preparations for the FIFA Club World Cup semifinals by meeting children displaced by Japan 's devastating tsunami . The club , who beat arch rivals Real Madrid 3-1 on Saturday , are in Japan for the tournament and face Qatari side Al Sadd in their final four clash Thursday . Before a training session in Yokohama , the club 's stars , including FIFA world player of the year Lionel Messi , met 11 children who used to live near the Fukushima power station , hit by March 's earthquake and tsunami that ravaged the area and killed an estimated 15,000 people . Many of the children , aged between nine and 18 , lost relatives in the disaster and now live in a Tokyo school . Each of them received a Barcelona shirt with their name on the back . Is Mancini the right man for Manchester City ? The club won the tournament in 2009 , and defender Gerard Pique has urged his teammates to grasp the opportunity to be crowned the best club side on the planet for the second time . "  We ca n't miss out on chances like this , " the former Manchester United player told his club 's official website . "  We have n't yet adapted to the time change or recovered from such a long journey . We trained a bit harder today and tomorrow we 'll train even harder . " Pique said Saturday 's 3-1 victory over Real Madrid in a match known as ` El Clasico ' , which took Pep Guardiola 's side to the top of Spain 's La Liga , had filled the team with confidence . He added : "  We are very happy with our play and the result . We left feeling that we 're on the right track and doing things well . The team knew we were able to win there . " As for Asian Champions League winners Al Sadd , a clash with Barcelona is their reward for beating African team Esperance in a controversial quarterfinal clash that was marred by crowd trouble . Defender Nadir Belhadj , who has also played for French side Lyon , says the players ca n't wait to test themselves against some of the world 's best . Crowd trouble mars Al Sadd victory "  We should treat this match as a celebration , " he told FIFA 's official website . "  We 'll be well prepared to put in a good performance , but the main aim will be to enjoy ourselves . We 'll need to pull together . "  This Barca side is the best in the world , as we saw once again with their impressive display in the ` Clasico ' against Real Madrid . " Belhadj admitted Al Sadd will have to be at their best to limit the threat posed by Argentina striker Messi , who already has 17 league goals to his name in 16 games this season . "  Lionel Messi and Barca are on another planet , " he said . "  We 'll play with the resources we have , and with a group of players that has already helped us to achieve big things . "  The chance to face Barcelona is extremely satisfying in itself . It is possible to guess what Messi is going to do , but actually stopping him from doing it is another matter . "	Barcelona 's players meet tsunami survivors in Japan ahead of Al Sadd match European champions to play Qatari side in semifinals of FIFA Club World Cup Barca give 11 youngsters displaced from the Fukushima region a club shirt each Al Sadd 's Nadir Belhadj thinks the match will be a "  celebration " for his teammates
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- International aid groups were feverishly trying to get supplies into quake-ravaged Haiti on Thursday to prevent the situation from going from "  dire to absolutely catastrophic . " The search-and-rescue efforts are the top priority . "  The ability to get people out of that rubble is paramount , " said Jonathan Aiken , a spokesman for the American Red Cross . "  You have a very limited time to accomplish that before people die and before you start to get into issues of diseases . " Behind the scenes , a massive coordination effort involving dozens of aid groups , the Haitian government , the United Nations and the U.S. military was under way to get food , water , tents and other supplies to survivors of the 7.0-magnitude earthquake . Ian Rodgers , a senior emergency adviser for Save the Children , said aid efforts were at a "  tipping point . " "  People are without water ; children are without food and without shelter , " he said . "  What we will see with the lack of water is the possibility of diarrheal diseases and , of course , that can kill children in a matter of hours if not tended to appropriately . "  It is very possible , " Rodgers said , "  that the situation can go from dire to absolutely catastrophic if we do n't get enough food , medicine and work with children and their families to help them . " In the United States , President Obama promised the people of Haiti that "  you will not be forsaken . " "  Today , you must know that help is arriving , " Obama said . Precise casualty estimates were impossible to determine . Haitian President Rene Preval said Wednesday that he had heard estimates of up to 50,000 dead but that it was too early to know for sure . The Haitian prime minister said he worries that several hundred thousand people were killed . The country 's infrastructure has been devastated , the scope of the calamity enormous . "  The government personnel that would normally lead these types of responses , they themselves have been affected , " Rodgers said . The Haitian government stopped accepting flights Thursday because ramp space at the airport in the capital city , Port-au-Prince , was saturated and no fuel was available , said Federal Aviation Adminstration spokeswoman Laura Brown . Meanwhile , the pier used for delivery of cargo to Port-au-Prince was "  completely compromised " by Tuesday 's earthquake , said CNN 's Eric Marrapodi . Three ships filled with medical supplies , food , clothing and water were turned away , he said . Roads leading into the city from the dock were bucked about 5 feet high by the earthquake , he said . Relief agencies are focusing on food , shelter , medical care and communications , all of which will help establish a sense of security , Aiken said . "  The people will at least know that the world is paying attention to them . " Supplies and security A bottleneck of supplies has built up while authorities have tried to get Haiti 's main airport functioning . Rubble-strewn roads , downed trees and a battered communications network have hampered humanitarian efforts . Aftershocks continue to jolt the region , causing further fear and panic among residents . "  We 're going to have to wait for this pipeline of aid coming in from various places around the world to be set up and put into full gear before Haitians can get all the help that they need , " Aiken said . "  You 're going to start seeing some progress on that today . " While planes were able to bring in the first round of supplies , the question became , Aiken said , "  how do you get it to the folks who need it ? " Impact Your World : How you can help Haiti is n't accustomed to quakes and does n't have the heavy equipment or specialized machinery to help clear the rubble , Aiken said . Aid groups and government agencies are coordinating to get the equipment in . "  It 's basically a matter of clearing out the rubble , making sure that areas are workable , that you have security that can protect these supplies and that you have security in place to help people , " Aiken said . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said a contingent of 2,000 U.S. Marines will help the international peacekeeping and police force established after the 2004 ouster of then-President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . "  We 'll try to support them as they re-establish authority , " Clinton said . The American Red Cross emptied a warehouse in Panama that had been filled with everything from cooking kits to toiletries to medical supplies and tents . That load of supplies is likely to make it into Haiti on Thursday , Aiken said . "  Our effort is immediate relief and supplies . " "  The needs are overwhelming at this point in time , " Rodgers said . "  We are going to be doing our best to respond to that , but obviously that 's a big task at hand . " Medical emergency Hospitals in Port-au-Prince have collapsed , and the few facilities still open ca n't handle the needs of the injured . The United States and other countries were dispatching medical supplies , facilities and personnel . People who suffered broken bones from falling debris have been unable to get treatment ; there 's simply too many of them . "  We need medical help , " Haitian President Rene Preval said . "  Some of the hospitals , they collapsed . The hospitals , they are full , and they put people in the outside . " Clinton said , "  Just getting to people to provide the medical assistance they need is proving to be very difficult . " See CNN 's complete coverage of the quake Barbara DeBuono , the former commissioner of health for New York state , said the coordination between the U.S. military and groups like the Red Cross is essential to treating the sick and injured . "  Making sure that the right hand knows what the left hand is doing is really , really critical here , so that there is n't further chaos and confusion . " Aiken said officials would assess the situation on the ground and coordinate medical efforts . As the days go by , health concerns will grow about diseases , like cholera and tuberculosis , from the thousands of corpses on streets and in the rubble . The bodies also can affect the water supply and sanitation . "  You can have airborne diseases , " Aiken said . "  You can have animals carrying -LSB- diseases -RSB- feeding off these corpses . " Haiti could also have a humanitarian crisis since tens of thousands of homes have been destroyed , forcing residents onto residents . "  There needs to be a place to put people and to set up a structure like a refugee camp , " Aiken said . "  That 's all part of this . " But he said , for now , the priority is to rescue as many people as possible -- and get supplies in as quickly as possible .	Pipeline of aid backed up as Port-au-Prince airport reopens Top priority is to get to survivors and get supplies in as soon as possible Aid worker : "  The needs are overwhelming at this point in time " Health concerns grow as bodies begin piling up ; tens of thousands left homeless
CNN  -- Los Angeles Lakers forward Metta World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay over an elbow blow he delivered to the head of an opposing player , the National Basketball Association said Tuesday . One-time basketball bad boy Ron Artest , who changed his name to Metta World Peace , was ejected Sunday from a Los Angeles Lakers-Oklahoma City Thunder game for striking James Harden . "  The concussion suffered by James Harden demonstrates the danger posed by violent acts of this kind , particularly when they are directed at the head area , " said NBA Commissioner David Stern , to announce the suspension . "  We remain committed to taking necessary measures to protect the safety of NBA players , including the imposition of appropriate penalties for players with a history of on-court altercations . " World Peace could miss at least six playoff games as a result of the suspension , the NBA said . He apologized Tuesday to Thunder fans and the Oklahoma organization . "  I look forward to getting back on the floor with my teammates and competing for the Lakers fans , " he said . After scoring against the Thunder in the second quarter , World Peace was cheering his own shot when he hit the Oklahoma City guard in the back of the head , knocking him down . Harden was on the floor for several minutes , and did not return to the game after being diagnosed with a concussion , according to the Thunder . World Peace was ejected from the game . The Lakers won 114-106 over the Thunder in double overtime . "  During that play I just dunked on  Kevin Durant  and  Serge  Ibaka , and I got really emotional and excited . It was unfortunate that James had to get hit with an unintentional elbow , " World Peace told reporters after the game . Lakers General Manager Mitch Kupchak criticized his player 's actions in a statement Tuesday , but said the team will continue to support him . "  Metta has for the most part been a model citizen both on and off the court since joining the Lakers . Still , his most recent lapse in judgment is not to be condoned or accepted , " he said in a statement . "  His actions could have seriously injured another player , and his absence during this suspension will hurt our team as well . While we accept the league 's decision , we will be supportive of Metta and try to help him be more professional on the court , " Kupchak said . Back when World Peace was still Artest and playing for the Indiana Pacers , he made headlines in 2004 for his role in a brawl between players and fans at a Pacers-Pistons game after somebody threw a drink on him . For that incident , the NBA suspended Artest for 86 games .	NEW : Metta World Peace apologizes to Oklahoma City Thunder fans He is suspended without pay for elbowing Thunder 's James Harden World Peace could miss at least six playoff games , the NBA says Lakers GM : "  His most recent lapse ... is not to be condoned or accepted "
CNN  -- The name he chose for the next installment in his "  Metal Gear " video game series makes Hideo Kojima seem prescient . As the famed shepherd of the spy franchise he created 25 years ago , Kojima remains deeply involved in the game development process . Yet , Kojima had n't foreseen that his project would undergo a death and rebirth , like the phoenix bird from Greek mythology . As it turns out , the irony of the name "  Metal Gear Rising " is unintentional . "  I canceled it , " Kojima said of the game , in a recent phone interview with CNN . "  I made the decision . I just thought that nothing good would come out of this . " Instead , "  Rising " is back on track . The new chapter is meant to be a sort of departure for the series , emphasizing action and swordplay over the stealth movements that "  Metal Gear " games are renowned for . In June , a fresh take on the game that was once killed will be ready for gamers to play for the first time at the E3 industry trade show , reports Japan 's Famitsu magazine . Developers at Konami and Kojima Productions had initially spearheaded the project , then called "  Metal Gear Solid : Rising , " as they 've done for most games in the franchise . A version for Xbox 360 was announced in the summer of 2009 . Kojima had placed "  Rising " in the hands of some young developers within his company , but they did n't have the expertise to deliver the action game he wanted , he said . "  It was almost lost when they were making it , " Kojima said . "  It 's not that we do not have any good game designers in our development team . However , the concept for ` Rising ' was completely new . " With "  Rising " shelved , Kojima and his teams continued to work on their various other "  Metal Gear " projects , including a high-definition remaster of older games that hit stores in November and a mysterious open-ended game that Kojima is reluctant to talk much about . Rumors had begun to surface that the game would not get made , and that piqued the interest of a little-known Osaka , Japan , developer named Platinum Games . When Kojima spoke with executives there about reviving the project , they were enthusiastic , he said . Platinum delivered a thorough proposal , which won Kojima over , he said . The game and its story have changed considerably from the original concept , said Kojima , who is an executive producer on the project . Even the name is different . It will be called "  Metal Gear Rising : Revengeance " when it debuts this year . "  If this game becomes hugely successful and popular , then we might make it into a franchise , " Kojima said . In a game about sword fighting , support for the latest motion-control gaming systems -- Microsoft 's Kinect and Sony 's PlayStation Move -- would seem to be a natural fit , but Konami has not described how it will be controlled . In a previous interview , Konami President Shinji Hirano declined to comment on the game 's control scheme . After "  Rising , " Kojima expects more "  Metal Gear Solid " games to be made , but he has n't decided whether he will design them , he said . Gamers recognize Kojima 's meticulousness , which is why he has such a dedicated following .  He has about 136,000 people following his Japanese Twitter account , and another 89,000 following an official English-translation page . Evidence of his perfectionism can be found in the development of "  Metal Gear Solid : Snake Eater 3D , " a remake of an 8-year-old game to be released on Nintendo 's 3DS hand-held system . The 3DS has two screens , one of which can display games in three dimensions without requiring the player to wear special glasses . "  We are trying to make it as easy to use as possible , " Kojima said . "  We 're taking a lot of care in the very small details , like when you lay down , using the screen below to change your weapons . "	The "  Metal Gear Solid : Rising " game was initially canceled The project was revived with the help of a third-party developer "  Rising " involves action and sword fighting instead of the usual sneaking around
CNN  -- Dozens of Chinese criminal suspects living in Angola were sent back to Beijing on a chartered flight over the weekend , state media reported . The 37 suspects were allegedly involved in a variety of crimes , such as kidnapping , human trafficking and forcing women into prostitution , according to the Xinhua news agency . Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims , who were sent from the capital of Luanda , on the same flight Saturday , Xinhua said . The suspects lured women to Angola with promises of jobs and forced them to engage in prostitution , Chinese police said . Chinese officials worked with authorities in the African nation and dismantled 12 Chinese criminal gangs , the report said . It was the largest crackdown on crimes targeting Chinese nationals in Africa , officials said . "  The joint law enforcement action opened a new chapter in the police cooperation between China and Africa , and will safeguard the safety and other legitimate rights of Chinese citizens and institutions in Angola , " said Liu Ancheng , director of criminal investigation in China . Angola , which is rich in resources , is a major trading partner with China . Driven by their appetite for natural resources , trade opportunities and political alliances , countries such as China and India are moving from the sidelines to the center stage in Africa . China overtook the United States as Africa 's biggest trade partner in 2009 . While Western countries are still important players in Africa 's energy sector , the deepening engagement of China in Africa 's infrastructure , mineral sector and telecommunications is creating "  deep nervousness " in the West , said David Shinn , the former U.S. ambassador to Burkina Faso and Ethiopia .	The 37 suspects were allegedly involved in a series of crimes , including kidnapping Authorities rescued 14 Chinese victims , who were sent home on the same flight They allegedly lured women to Angola with promises of jobs
CNN  -- The CEO of the Hungarian company behind a huge toxic spill on Thursday said he does n't know whether he 's responsible for the disaster , but added , "  I have moral duties and I will fulfill them . " Zoltan Bakonyi , the chief executive of the MAL aluminum plant , spoke with CNN 's Diana Magnay a day after he was released from jail pending trial . Bakonyi was detained on Monday , accused of public endangerment and harming the environment . "  It 's said I should be responsible although I do n't feel it , " Bakonyi told Magnay . He insisted that MAL was in compliance with all Hungarian safety regulations and pointed out that he has only been CEO for two years . Bakonyi argued that the problems presented by the reservoir and the accumulation of toxin in it stretched back 25 years or more . But he added that it is his "  moral duty " is to "  help " and put his energies "  120-percent into the aid effort . " Bakonyi categorically denied that a hole was present in the reservoir in the days or weeks before the spill happened . Bakonyi said he had visited the reservoir in the weeks before the spill happened . But , he said he had n't seen the photo released by the The World Wildlife Fund showing one of the pools of sludge -- a byproduct of the process to turn bauxite ore into aluminium oxide -- leaking into a nearby field . The WWF says the photo was taken in June . Bakonyi also denied the spill was a consequence of overproduction or improper payment of workers . He maintained that there was no way to anticipate the accident . "  The only way anyone could have imagine this happening , " he said , "  was in a terrorist attack . " MAL has "  an idea " about how the spill occurred , but Bakonyi wo n't comment on what it is . He says no statement on causes will be released until Hungarian authorities complete their own investigation . The Hungarian government announced Wednesday that MAL would resume operations by the end of the week . Meantime , as cleanup operations continued , workers were racing to complete three emergency dams designed to contain a possible second toxic spill from the plant . Hungarian emergency services officials said more ruptures and cracks are evident in the dam walls , and that it 's just a matter of time before they break and spill an additional 500,000 cubic meters of toxic red sludge across the countryside . Nine people died after a river of mud engulfed the villages of Kolontar , Devecser , and Somlovasarhely last week . More than 100 people were injured and many times that number had to be evacuated . The sludge from the spill reached the Danube -- Europe 's second-largest river -- within days , raising fears of wider contamination in Hungary and countries downstream , including Croatia , Serbia , Bulgaria , Romania and the Ukraine . But water rests released Friday found that the pH level of the Danube water was only slightly higher than normal . EU toxins experts still have nothing conclusive on the exact chemical composition of the sludge . Aluminum and bauxite processing normally involves compounds that include arsenic , cyanide , cadmium and chromium . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report	CNN 's Diana Magnay spoke to Zoltan Bakonyi , CEO of MAL aluminum plant Bakonyi faces charges of public endangerment and harming the environment Bakonyi denied there was evidence of reservoir leak before spill happened Workers continue to prepare for possible new dam break
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  -- NATO 's North Atlantic Council on Sunday approved an operations plan that will shift the entire Libyan military mission to alliance command , officials said , easing the burden on the United States and its allies to protect civilians in the war-torn country . NATO ambassadors unanimously approved a so-called "  no-fly plus " plan that will put the alliance in charge of protecting civilians as well as enforcing a no-fly zone and an arms embargo . "  Our goal is to protect civilians and civilian-populated areas under threat of attack from the Gadhafi regime , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . "  NATO will implement all aspects of the U.N. resolution . Nothing more , nothing less . " The new NATO mandate will begin in two to three days , NATO officials said , allowing the current coalition , led by the United States , the United Kingdom and France , to stand down . At the same time , NATO was putting the final touches on its takeover of the no-fly zone over Libya . The handover from the United States and allies should be complete by Monday . NATO officials described the transition as a phased and seamless operation . All alliance members will have to abide by the rules of engagement approved Sunday , albeit with caveats that may allow some nations not to participate in operations in Libya . However , it is assumed that none of these nations will prevent other alliance members from executing the military plan and rules of engagement that were approved . A senior U.S. administration official spoke to reporters soon after the announcement . He stressed the NATO mission is to protect civilians and did not rule out the possibility of an attack on the rebels if they were to go on the offensive and strike cities with civilian populations , now held by pro-Gadhafi forces . The official also said he expected more countries to participate in the Libyan mission now that NATO has assumed command of it . He praised the speed with which the group of 28 allies reached a consensus . The office of British Prime Minister David Cameron similarly cheered the news of a NATO agreement . "  NATO is already enforcing the arms embargo and the no-fly zone . Today 's agreement to transfer complete command and control of all military operations to NATO both ensures that partners from the region are able to participate and represents a significant step forward as we plan for the next phase of this vital mission , " it read .	NATO agrees to take on all Libya operations Transition to happen in two to three days The United States will get the transition it has been pushing for NATO to take over no-fly zone by Monday
Brazilian presidential candidate Eduardo Campos died Wednesday when a small plane carrying him to a campaign stop crashed into a residential neighborhood , state media reported . All seven people aboard the the Cessna 560XL were killed when the aircraft crashed in the coastal city of Santos , Brazil , about 40 miles south of Sao Paulo , state-run Agencia Brasil reported . As the aircraft prepared to land , it swerved because of bad weather . The air traffic control tower immediately lost contact with the plane , Agencia Brasil said . One witness , a pilot trainee , said he heard a loud noise and saw the plane flying low before it crashed into a house and then the ground . It was pitched down at 70 degrees , and "  hit the ground like a rock , " Matheus Giovannini said . Campos , 49 , was a well known politician running in his first presidential election as a candidate for the Brazilian Socialist Party . He was most recently the governor of Pernambuco state and was a federal lawmaker from 1998 to 2003 . He was married and had five children . An adviser , photographer , two pilots , and two others from Campos ' political team were also killed in the plane crash . A dozen people on the ground were injured when the plane crashed , Agencia Brasil reported . Messages of mourning appeared on Campos ' campaign website hours after the crash . "  We lost Eduardo Campos when Brazil most needed his patriotism , his selflessness , his fearlessness and his competence , " said Roberto Amaral , the party 's first vice-president . "  It is not just Pernambuco and its people who lose their leader , not just the Brazilian Socialist Party that loses its leader . It is Brazil that loses a young and promising statesman . " Campos ' death sent shock waves across the South American country 's political landscape less than two months before the October 5 presidential vote , leaving supporters stunned and wondering who would replace him on the ballot . Campos was among the serious contenders in the election , steady in third place in the polls at about 8 % , according to pollster Datafolha . The two leading candidates are incumbent President Dilma Rousseff and center-right candidate Aecio Neves . Eight other candidates are polling at 3 % or lower . According to Agencia Brasil , Rousseff will suspend her campaign for three days . Neves said on his Twitter account that he would also suspend his campaign activities . "  All of Brazil is in mourning . Today we lost a great Brazilian , Eduardo Campos . We lost a great friend , " Rousseff said via Twitter . Brazil 's Superior Electoral Tribunal , which runs the country 's elections , announced that Campos ' coalition had 10 days to nominate a new candidate . Campos ' vice presidential running mate , Marina Silva , a former senator and environmental minister , is also a well known politician with a solid base of supporters . She ran for president in 2010 for the country 's Green Party . The country 's Air Force said Wednesday 's plane crash was due to bad weather , but it is continuing to investigate the accident . The plane had departed from Santos Dumont airport in Rio de Janeiro en route to Guaruja airport in Sao Paulo state , Agencia Brasil reported . Its maintenance and inspection records were up to date , the state outlet said .	Messages of mourning appear on Eduardo Campos ' campaign website Campos , a well known politician and presidential candidate , died in a plane crash A Cessna taking him to a campaign stop crashed into a residential neighborhood All seven people aboard the plane were killed , state media reported
CNN  -- A woman known as Juror B37 thought writing an anonymous book about her experiences on the George Zimmerman trial was a good idea . Many people , including a powerful and tireless group of outraged Twitter users , thought otherwise . News reports surfaced Monday morning that the woman , who gave an exclusive interview that night with CNN 's Anderson Cooper about her experiences on the six-woman Zimmerman jury , had signed with a literary agent and was working on a book proposal about the trial . The agent was identified as Sharlene Martin , who has worked on such other post-trial tomes as O.J. Simpson 's "  If I Did It " and Mary Jo Buttafuoco 's "  Getting It Through My Thick Skull . " Then came the Twitter backlash , led by 29-year-old New Yorker Genie Lauren , who goes by @MoreAndAgain on Twitter . Lauren saw the juror 's interview on CNN and decided to take action . "  I was angry and I did n't think it was right that someone would make money off of this tragedy -- especially after they let Zimmerman go free , " she told NewsOne . Lauren tracked down contact information for Martin , including her Twitter handle , e-mail address , mailing address and phone number , and posted it on the social network and on Storify , which displays social media posts in a blog-like stream . She then asked her followers to write Martin and urge her to drop B37 as a client . Next she launched a Change.org petition with the title , "  Sharlene Martin : Drop Juror B37 from Martin Literary Management , " which quickly hit 1,346 signatures . Immediately , people began venting on Twitter and contacting Martin . In a matter of hours , Martin announced late Monday afternoon that she and the juror were no longer moving ahead with the book . In a statement released by Martin , the juror said , in part , "  I have realized the best direction for me to go is away from writing any sort of book and return instead to my life as it was before I was called to sit on this jury . " She elaborated in a statement Wednesday to CNN , saying , "  There was an agreement with a literary agent to explore the concept of a book which discussed the impact of sequestration on my perceptions of this serious case , while being compared to the perceptions of an attorney who was closely following the trial from outside the ` bubble . ' "  The relationship with the agent ceased the moment I realized what had been occurring in the world during the weeks of my sequestration , " she said . The quick death of the proposed book startled even those familiar with the power of well-orchestrated social media campaigns to sway public opinion and influence business decisions . It appears that Martin has since deleted her main Twitter account . And Monday , the number of Lauren 's Twitter followers has jumped from 1,600 to more than 9,100 . A thank-you tweet from The Roots ' @questlove probably did n't hurt . "  I definitely believe in the power of Twitter . I 'm in shock , really , about the whole thing , " Lauren told ABC News . "  I 'm glad that people did n't brush it off and just say , ` Oh , it 's just Twitter , and ... nothing will come of this . ' "	A juror from the George Zimmerman trial announced Monday she would write a book One angry Twitter user led a campaign against the book deal She posted contact information for the juror 's agent and started an online petition By that night the proposed book deal had fallen apart
"  This used to be a land of bandits , wolves and bears , " says Daniele Kihlgren , surveying the countryside around ancient houses of Santo Stefano di Sessanio . High above the barren Gran Sasso hills in Italy 's central Abruzzo region , this tiny hamlet , barely changed since medieval times , was in danger of reverting to its wild past until Kihlgren showed up with a vision . "  When I first got here on my motorbike , I was wandering , totally lost . This unspoilt place , with no traces of modernity , struck me like Saint Paul on the road to Damascus , " he says . Kihlgren , an Italian-Swedish businessman , has since made it his life 's mission to rescue such crumbling villages by turning them into high-end resorts that blend in with their surroundings . Sextantio  Via Principe Umberto , Santo Stefano di Sessanio ; +39 0862 899112  in Santo Stefano is one of several so-called "  diffuse hotels " that eschew the usual hotel model of grouping rooms and facilities under one roof . Instead , Sextantio 's 29 rooms , spa , wine bar , restaurant and reception lie scattered in separate buildings formerly used as barns , stables , pigsties , wine cellars and farmers ' or shepherds ' lodgings . Wood and stone cottages have been restyled as suites , the village dungeons serve as a wedding room and a former witch 's lair now hosts business meetings . The hotel even makes use of a medieval brothel . Santo Stefano di Sessanio is a maze of cobbled streets , steep stone stairs , arches , vaults , gargoyles , hidden grottoes , frescoed loggias and crumbling walls covered in ivy . There are also ruins -- the remains of the houses collapsed during the 2009 earthquake that rocked nearby L'Aquila . Slaughtered pig Kihlgren gives me the grand tour , describing his early days trying to acquire property in the hamlet -- leading to surreal situations for both him and the villagers . "  When I knocked at people 's doors offering to buy their dwellings , they thought I was crazy , " he says . "  Once a local slaughtered a pig right in front of my eyes with Bach playing in the background . " Today the village may be marginally less rustic , but Sextantio 's charm lies in its sympathetic use of historic structures . At the reception , housed in a former donkey stable at the hamlet 's entrance where nativity scenes are staged at Christmas , the concierge hands me the biggest and heaviest room key I 've ever encountered : 30 centimeters of pure iron . "  That way you 'll never lose it , " she says . A path leads to my room -- La Bianca -- one of the closest cottages to the reception  the farthest one lies 200 meters away  . I open the squeaky bolt of a heavy wooden door and enter a snug , warm room filled with the scent of embers and orange peel -- a perfume created by the hotel to evoke a typical hearth scent . Old furniture , including a spinning wheel and museum pieces , are juxtaposed with modern sculptures and sleek , luxurious bathroom facilities . Showering in the elegant white resin tub is an experience . Rinsing involves using a pitcher to collect running water from a low tap , a throwback to the past . There 's no television , phone or minibar , but it 's not totally offline . There 's a powerful Wi-Fi signal throughout the buildings . Bird 's nest Lying back on my wrought iron king size bed , I spot an old bird 's nest among the wood ceiling beams . "  This is what I call ` authentic ' Italy , " says Kihlgren . "  I wanted to restyle the buildings as we found them and bring back to life the so-called secondary human heritage : that of poor , outcast communities who for centuries stood as Italy 's shame . "  That 's why I kept the cracks in the walls and the fireplace hearth soot : these are layers of history . "  Sextantio is the opposite of colonialist tourism . Clients here want to discover the village identity and mingle with locals . " Outside , in the center of the hamlet , silence rules . No cars are allowed . Just 50 residents still live here and , walking around , I come across elderly women sitting on doorsteps and art restorers at work . Occasionally a passerby looks at me shyly , but greets me with a hello . "  Even when the hotel is fully booked you 'll feel on your own , " says Annunziata Taraschi , who has an unusual job as Sextantio 's anthropologist , collecting the village 's oral tradition and lost customs . While that might be great for guests , locals are n't so sure . "  It 's one thing coming here as a visitor , and another living here " says Dina Rusciolelli , owner of La Bettola di Geppetto , the village tavern . "  After a while you can go nuts . " There are no complaints about the food though -- a mix of gourmet and traditional . Sitting at the scarred wooden tables of the Cantinone , a large dining room 50 meters from reception , Franco Cannioli serves me pan bagnato -- a dish of bread and vegetables -- with cured meats , lentil soup , pecorino cheese , pears and nuts . Bloodsucking witches There 's a glass of Montepulciano di Abruzzo red wine on the table . Evening meals are taken in La Locanda Sotto gli Archi , the hotel 's grotto restaurant located on the other side of the hamlet where chef Simone Iezzi serves a daily changing menu that includes signature dishes like ricotta cheese ravioli , pork chops and fried breaded porcini mushrooms . After an afternoon nap , I 'm greeted in the hotel 's tea room and craft shop by Giovanna Fiorenzi , who sits at an old spinning frame making wool carpets , bed covers and giving weaving lessons to guests . She also spins a few old tales , telling me about spirits haunting the woods and witches who suck the blood of crying babies . She serves licorice and artichoke herbal tea alongside traditional Ferratelle waffles . She also makes Genziana , a sweet and sour alcoholic drink made from Gentian roots . There 's a crystal bottle of Genziana and a crackling fire waiting for me when I get back to my room in evening . The next morning I 'm woken by birdsong and light filtering through small , wooden-framed windows . Breakfast is a buffet table laden with homemade yogurt , pies , ricotta cheese and a ham leg over in the restaurant . It 's fine to wander over there before getting ready for the day to savor one of the great treats of these hamlet hotels . How many other hotels offer guest the chance to stroll outside through a mountain village , taking in great views and fresh air , while wearing pajamas ? Other ` diffuse ' hotels Scicli Albergo Diffuso sits among the ruins of a temple and has Baroque dwellings spread across a UNESCO-listed historical center . Its Diffuse Breakfast features the best of Sicily 's pastries . Via Francesco Mormina Penna , 15 , Scicli , Sicilia The spa area at Aquaesinis , a traditional farm in Sardinia , used to be a wine cellar . Vegetables were once stacked in the romantic suite while the family suite used to be a hen house . Via C.Battisti , Cabras ; +39 0783 392251 The stones of Matera town offer a stunning background for Le Grotte della Civita featuring grotto rooms , rock bathtubs and animal feeders turned into sinks . The reception area is a former monastic cell and the restaurant sits inside a crypt . Via Civita 28 , Matera ; +39 0835 332744 Il Borgo di Sempronio dates to 849 AD . Several rooms were once part of a convent . The Degustation Room , an old mill , serves Tuscany 's top cured meats and cheese .  Via del Pretorio , 3 Semproniano ; +39 0564 986226	Sextantio is a so-called "  diffuse hotel " based in the Italian village of Santo Stefano di Sessanio Instead of being based under one roof , these hotels spread their facilities across different buildings in a village Sextantio uses barns , stables , pigsties and even an old brothel to create an upscale rural hotel
InStyle.com  -- As an aspiring ballerina , 9-year-old Brooke Burns took an aggressive approach to makeup . "  I would borrow my mom 's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown ! " she says . "  For sexy eyes , there is nothing better than this drugstore black liner . " Nowadays , the 29-year-old Burns , a single mom , tries to pass along subtler application tips to her 7-year-old daughter . "  I taught her ' a dab 'll do ya , ' "  says the actress , who stars in the ABC comedy "  Miss Guided . " "  She 's going to wear it anyway , so she might as well have some experience . " Did you pick up any makeup tricks working as a model ? One of my favorites is putting white pencil on the inside of the bottom eyelid for that very awake look . At night if I 'm in a hurry , I 'll just put on a lot of mascara and black pencil all the way around the inner rim . It 's a totally sexy eye in a minute and a half . What 's the one makeup item you ca n't live without ? I 'm in love with Revlon Color Stay foundation . I can do anything in that makeup and it stays . Plus , it has sunscreen in it and gives me a really natural glow . It covers everything . You alternate between being a blonde and a brunette . Which do you prefer ? My natural color is dark blond , but right now I like being a brunette . I did a movie last summer and they dyed my hair platinum -- I hated it . I have a big personality , and I think big personality plus blond hair makes me come across as glib . With dark hair , people look at your face more . Before , it was all about the hair . How do you keep color-treated hair healthy ? I 've never found a conditioner that makes my hair feel as amazing as Nature 's Therapy Mega Moisture Nurturing shampoo by L'Oréal . My hairdresser used it on me one time , and now I 'm obsessed . I also use a new color from Paul Mitchell -- it 's called Fudge Brownie -- that 's incredible . So many people comment , "  Your hair looks so healthy ! " Have you always had great hair ? No . I totally had big hair in high school . I was a big user of the hot rollers and teasing . And I had mall bangs . I also wore my hair in a bun a lot because of all the dancing I did . I was n't really popular in high school . No one will believe you if you say you were n't popular . "  Olive Oyl " was my nickname . I was totally gangly and a foot taller than all the boys . It was not attractive . Clearly you 've come a long way . What 's your secret ? I think it 's very important to take care of your skin . Obviously the No. 1 thing is sunscreen . All my life I have used Oil of Olay as my daytime moisturizer because my mom did . I also use their foaming face wash . It 's the best makeup remover ever . And in the morning I use Olay Age Defying Daily Renewal cleanser because it has these tiny microbeads that are great for exfoliating . People go , "  You have such great skin ! " and I 'm , like , "  Thank God I 'm not spending $ 150 on products . " I 'm sure that stuff is great , but if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Miss Guided " star Brooke Burns likes being a brunette Actress explains why "  Olive Oyl " was high school nickname Her daytime moisturizer is same that her mom used
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sky News , the British-based 24-hour news broadcaster , will not show a controversial appeal for aid for the people of Gaza , it announced Monday . Protesters demonstrate in London Sunday against the BBC 's decision not to show Gaza aid appeal . Sky News joins the BBC in refusing to show the appeal by the Disasters Emergency Committee , an umbrella group of 13 leading British aid agencies . The BBC , Britain 's public broadcaster , has been criticized by politicians and religious leaders for refusing to show the appeal , which launches Monday . There have been demonstrations against the decision at BBC buildings in England and Scotland . Sky News said airing the appeal would compromise its reputation for fairness . Do you agree with the decision ? Send your comments "  Broadcasting an appeal for Gaza at this time is incompatible with our role in providing balanced and objective reporting of this continuing situation to our audiences in the UK and around the world , " John Ryley , the head of Sky News , said Monday in a statement on the company 's Web site . The Disasters Emergency Committee  DEC  includes the British Red Cross , Oxfam , Save the Children and 10 other charities . British broadcasters , led by the BBC , originally declined to air the Gaza appeal , but in the face of criticism from government ministers and others , ITV , Channel 4 and Channel 5 changed their minds . CNN was not approached to broadcast the ad , a DEC spokesman said . About 5,000 people demonstrated in front of the BBC 's Broadcasting House in central London on Saturday over the broadcaster 's stance . Seven people were arrested . About 50 people protested at its Glasgow headquarters Sunday . The corporation received about 1,000 phone calls and 10,000 e-mails of complaint in the three days after it announced its decision Thursday . But the BBC is sticking with its position , director general Mark Thompson wrote in a blog post on the corporation 's Web site . "  We concluded that we could not broadcast a free-standing appeal , no matter how carefully constructed , without running the risk of reducing public confidence in the BBC 's impartiality in its wider coverage of the story , " he wrote Saturday . "  Inevitably an appeal would use pictures which are the same or similar to those we would be using in our news programs but would do so with the objective of encouraging public donations . The danger for the BBC is that this could be interpreted as taking a political stance on an ongoing story , " he wrote . "  Gaza remains a major ongoing news story , in which humanitarian issues -- the suffering and distress of civilians and combatants on both sides of the conflict , the debate about who is responsible for causing it and what should be done about it -- are both at the heart of the story and contentious , " he added . The BBC , which is funded by an obligatory license fee paid by every British household with a television , is required by its charter to be impartial . The DEC is "  disappointed that the BBC declined to support the Gaza appeal , " a spokesman told CNN . "  It might limit the reach of our key message to the general public . " The spokesman , who asked not to be named , said the BBC had to make its own decision about impartiality . "  That is a decision they must make . We have no view on that subject , " he said . Many readers of Thompson 's blog post did have a view , however . The statement received hundreds of comments , most of them critical of the BBC . A commenter who signed in as bully -- baiter said the BBC was taking a side no matter what it did . "  Sorry Mr. Thompson but you can not have it both ways . If deciding to accede to the DEC request would be seen as political then deciding not to accede to it is also political . Do n't insult me with your disingenuous attempts to suggest it is otherwise , " the commenter wrote . Other commenters simply rejected Thompson 's position out of hand . "  I think the reasons for blocking help for a grave humanitarian disaster are simply astounding , " brit -- proud wrote . "  How can simply bringing food , medicines and homes to hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians be seen as political impartiality ? How stupid do the BBC think the British public are ? " The corporation had its defenders as well . "  The last thing I want to do , is fund the BBC to broadcast propaganda , " SternG wrote : "  There 's no way I will pay the BBC to air the DEC 's politically-motivated ` appeal ' for Gaza . Gaza is run by a government which is internationally recognized as a terrorist group , including by the EU . There is no doubt that some aid/fund will be ` procured ' by Hamas ... . Good decision BBC . " British broadcasters have refused to air some previous DEC appeals , the umbrella organization 's spokesman said . A planned 2006 appeal for aid to victims of the war in Lebanon was scrapped because "  there were genuine concerns , shared by the aid agencies , about the deliverability of aid . " Thompson cited doubts about whether DEC members could get aid to Gaza as a secondary reason for declining to take the ad .	Sky News said airing the appeal would compromise its reputation for fairness BBC refused to broadcast ad , saying it would compromise appearance of impartiality Demonstrations against BBC decision took place in England and Scotland UK charity group Disasters Emergency Committee to launch appeal for Gaza aid
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Impeached former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , who was arrested in December on charges of conspiracy and fraud , was indicted Thursday on 16 felony counts by a federal grand jury , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich is facing such charges as racketeering , conspiracy and wire fraud . The 19-count indictment charges Blagojevich and some of his closest aides and advisers with a wide-ranging "  scheme to deprive the people of Illinois of honest government , " according to a statement by the attorney 's office . Blagojevich , 52 , faces charges including racketeering , conspiracy , wire fraud and making false statements to investigators , according to the release . Three counts in the indictment are against the aides and advisers . In a written statement , Blagojevich maintained his innocence -- as he has done throughout a political soap opera that captivated the nation . "  I 'm saddened and hurt but I am not surprised by the indictment , " he said . "  I am innocent . I now will fight in the courts to clear my name . " Blagojevich was vacationing with his family in Florida on Thursday . In video shot at a Disney resort outside Orlando , Florida , by CNN affiliate WESH-TV , he declined to comment on his legal situation . He was filmed shortly before the indictments were handed down . In the WESH video , the ex-governor was sitting near a pool at the resort . "  I 'm enjoying Disney World with my kids and I do n't think you 're supposed to be here , " said Blagojevich , after his wife attempted to shield him from the camera . "  I 'm happy to talk to you at the appropriate time . " A man who identified himself only as "  someone who knows who he is " then blocked the camera . U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said he hoped the former governor would n't use the announcement as a reason to hit the media circuit again . "  We can only hope the former governor will not view this indictment as a green light for another publicity tour , " he said . "  Rod Blagojevich deserves his day in court , but the people of Illinois deserve a break . " Blagojevich and his chief of staff , John Harris , were arrested in December on federal corruption charges alleging that , among other things , they conspired to sell President Obama 's vacant U.S. Senate seat . Harris and Blagojevich 's brother , Robert Blagojevich , were among the others indicted on Thursday . In early January , federal Judge James Holderman gave the attorney 's office three additional months to decide whether to indict Blagojevich , who was impeached by the state legislature and resigned from office . That deadline ends Tuesday . On Thursday , current Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn called the charges a reminder for political leaders in the state to help stamp out corruption , and he pledged to "  work night and day to clean up our government . " "  Today , more than ever , I 'm committed to making sure our government has fundamental reform from top to bottom , " said Quinn , also a Democrat and the former lieutenant governor who was appointed governor in January . "  We need to overhaul Illinois government to make sure everything is done right for the people . " The charges are part of what investigators have dubbed "  Operation Board Games , " an ongoing investigation into political corruption in the state . Among the specific claims in the 75-page indictment are that Blagojevich schemed with others in 2002 , even before he took office , to use his position to make money , which they would split after he left office . Blagojevich is accused of denying state business to companies that would not hire his wife , extorting campaign contributions from a children 's hospital that was set to get state money and pressuring a racetrack executive to give political contributions before the governor signed a gambling bill . The indictment said that after Obama was elected president , Blagojevich began meeting with others to figure out a way he could make money from his position to appoint a replacement senator . It said Blagojevich asked others , including state employees , to contact people who may be interested in the seat , and that he believed an associate of someone referred to in the indictment as "  Senate Candidate A " had offered $ 1.5 million in campaign contributions in exchange for the appointment . He had asked his brother to meet with an associate of "  Senate Candidate A " and say that some of those contributions needed to come through before he made the appointment , but the meeting was canceled after a newspaper article reported that Blagojevich had been recorded talking about selling the seat . A lengthy FBI affidavit alleges that Blagojevich was intercepted on court-authorized wiretaps trying to profit from the Senate vacancy . The indictment said that Blagojevich communicated "  directly and with the assistance of others " with people he believed were in contact with Obama , trying to gain political favor by possibly appointing someone the president-elect supported . He ultimately appointed a former state comptroller and attorney general , Roland Burris , who was seated in the Senate despite protests from the chamber 's Democratic leaders . Those leaders said a special election should be called because of the controversy over the appointment . "  The U.S. Attorney 's indictment serves to confirm the public 's long-standing distrust of former Gov. Blagojevich and his administration , and it underscores the culture of corruption that has afflicted our state for far too long , " state Attorney General Lisa Madigan said in a written statement . "  While this is a terrible day in Illinois history , it is also a moment in which we can recognize an opportunity for real reform . " Thursday 's charges supersede the ones filed in December . The Illinois House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly in January to impeach Blagojevich , accusing him of abusing his gubernatorial power . Blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of the 15 most serious charges in the indictment , and five years on a single indictment of making false statements . The government also charges that Blagojevich has bought property with money he got illegally , and is going after homes he owns in Chicago and Washington . "  I would ask the good people of Illinois to wait for the trial and afford me the presumption of innocence that they would give to all their friends and neighbors , " Blagojevich , who was vacationing with his family , said in the statement . In addition to the Blagojevich brothers and Harris , also charged in the indictments were businessman and fundraiser Christopher Kelly , 50 ; lobbyist and longtime Blagojevich associate Alonzo Monk , 50 ; and William F. Cellini Sr. , 74 , another businessman who raised money for Blagojevich .	NEW : Blagojevich declines comment , says "  I 'm enjoying Disney World with my kids " Blagojevich faces up to 20 years in prison for each of 15 most serious charges Officials going after his home , saying he bought it with illegally-earned money Charges against him include wire fraud , making false statements
CNN  -- "  This is a big change , consumers do n't always love change , and there 's a lot of education we have to provide to make sure that people understand . " This is the extremely diplomatic way Microsoft Xbox Chief Marketing and Strategy Officer Yusuf Mehdi spun his reaction to the PR challenges surrounding the Xbox One of late . And it 's true , consumers around the world  and around the Internet  loudly expressed how much they dislike the changes Microsoft announced to its game licensing terms  and online requirements  for the Xbox One last Thursday , giving Sony the ammunition it needed to win E3 by basically doing nothing . The reaction was n't a surprise to Mehdi , though . In fact , he said a lot of the way people have responded to Microsoft 's moves was "  kind of as we expected . " But the implication of his statements in an in-depth interview with Ars Technica was that this temporary confusion and discomfort among the audience would be worth it as gamers and consumers adjust to a console world without game discs . "  We 're trying to do something pretty big in terms of moving the industry forward for console gaming into the digital world . We believe the digital world is the future , and we believe digital is better . " Mehdi made a comparison to the world of home movie viewing , where inconvenient trips to Blockbuster Video have been replaced with Netflix streaming on practically any device instantly . On Xbox One , having all games exist as cloud-connected downloads enables new features like being able to access your entire library at a friend 's house with a single login , or loaning games to up to ten "  family members " digitally and remotely . Those digital "  benefits " will be available at launch , but Mehdi hinted that the digital rights management transition might unlock some more interesting game access and distribution methods later on . "  In the future , you can imagine the capability to have different licensing models , different ways that people have to access games . This all gets unlocked because of digital . " He would n't get drawn into details , but when I suggested ideas like an "  all-you-can-play " Netflix for games or purely digital game rentals , he did n't shoot me down . "  Sure . It could be a variety of ways . " He also suggested that the transition to a world of strictly downloadable and online-connected games would help allow for "  a diversity of business models " for publishers to take advantage of , from free-to-play titles to $ 60 AAA games to Xbox Live Arcade games somewhere in between . "  As you go into a digital world , what 's happening is publishers are choosing to have different business models and consumers are saying ` Hey , if I ca n't resell the title , provide me a different way to get value to get into your game . ' And we think the market will be efficient in finding good models that work for consumers . " In essence , Mehdi said , consumer demand for good value from games will drive prices down , even if a publisher decides to fully cut off the market release valve of used game resale . Publishers , of course , have been the most forceful proponents of cutting off the used game market , with some suggesting that used games are comparable to piracy for their bottom line . But Mehdi said that Microsoft was n't simply "  giving in " to publisher demands with its new game licensing terms . Instead , it was trying to balance the needs of its four main "  constituents , " including the consumer  who comes "  first and foremost " he said  , game publishers , retailers , and Microsoft itself as a company . "  Within that , we 've tried to optimize , and I think we 've found a great balance across all of those dimensions , " Mehdi said . "  But there are tradeoffs . "  We do want to support everyone in that system , beginning with the consumer . But we want publishers to get paid for the great IP they work on . We want retailers to be able to drive and sell our products and make a profit . So we are trying to balance across all those . " Mehdi noted that purely digital game marketplaces like the iOS App Store have thrived despite having absolutely no physical media . Implementing that kind of disc-free system on the Xbox One "  may not -LSB- have been -RSB- the best thing for consumers , and it may not -LSB- have been -RSB- the thing they -LSB- would have -RSB- wanted , " Mehdi said , which is part of why Microsoft decided to keep discs as an option . Still , he did concede that , without discs , the licensing norms for the system "  would be easier to understand . " The way Mehdi talked about Microsoft 's licensing decisions reinforced the idea that he saw the limited abilities to share and transfer Xbox One games as a step up from other , purely digital marketplaces , even if some others see it as a step down from current disc-based distribution systems . On the Xbox One , Mehdi said the company has "  tried to ... bridge the two in a way that no one has done -- to give you the power of digital and then give you all this power in physical ... . We know we 're providing a lot more value to consumers , but in that comes a lot of need to clarify , ` How come disc ? How come digital ? How 's that work ? ' " While the Internet is decidedly up in arms about the way the Xbox One handles game ownership and online check-ins , Mehdi said it was "  hard to say " what the larger reaction from the less attentive mainstream consumers would be . "  I think it 's fair to say there 's a segment of consumers at this show in particular who really pay attention , who are very passionate about all aspects of gaming , and that we listen to closely . In a broader set of community , people do n't pay attention to a lot of the details . We 've seen it in the research , we 've seen it in a lot of the data points . " One data point in particular Mehdi pointed to was the success of the initial pre-orders for the Xbox One , which started as soon as Microsoft 's press conference concluded Monday . "  Amazon basically says they are on path to sell out ... . Amazon is saying it 's one of their best-selling consumer products . We 're seeing the same thing from other retailers . " To be fair , PlayStation 4 pre-orders were also a quick sell-out on Amazon after the company 's press conference on Monday . Still , "  it 's very clear there are a wide variety of other consumers that love to game that are excited about what we have to offer with Xbox One , " Mehdi said . While the Xbox One will sell for $ 100 more than the PlayStation 4 , Mehdi suggested that the extra money spent would be worthwhile to consumers looking for the best value in their next gaming system . Besides exclusive titles and gaming content , Mehdi said players would see value in the system being "  backed by 300,000 servers backed by Microsoft that enable incredible game experiences . " For another , the Kinect in each box provides for better gameplay and "  ease of use for the entire system . " Things like live TV support and exclusive NFL and Skype partnerships will also help show consumers the Xbox One 's "  tremendous value . " "  We want to have our offering be differentiated relative to all others , " he said . "  It has value that is in so many areas that is not in competing systems ... . That is a thing that each consumer will choose ... and ultimately consumers will decide which is better . It 's a big market . " This story originally appeared on ArsTechnica . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Xbox spokesman says change has rattled gamers Going digital will lead to new sales models , says Yusuf Mehdi At $ 100 more than PlayStation 4 , Mehdi says gamers will see the value Amazon says Xbox One is on pace to sell out in pre-order
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Iran threatened Wednesday to halt all imports of goods from South Korea in response to Seoul 's announcement a day earlier that it would stop accepting Iranian oil . South Korea said Tuesday that it would suspend all Iranian oil imports from the start of July in response to a European Union insurance ban on tankers carrying crude from Iran . The Iranian ambassador to South Korea , Ahmad Masumifar , responded by saying in an interview with the South Korean news agency Yonhap on Wednesday that Tehran "  may decide to fully stop importing Korean goods . " Reached by telephone , an official at the press office of the Iranian Embassy in Seoul confirmed Masumifar had made the comments to Yonnhap but declined to elaborate further . The EU and United States have been widening sanctions against Iran recently to put pressure on Tehran to curtail its nuclear program . Western powers say they believe the program is intended to build nuclear weapons , but Iran insists it is for peaceful purposes . South Korea is the first major consumer of Iranian oil in Asia to suspend all imports . In 2010 , it was the fourth biggest importer of Iranian oil , according to an official from the South Korean Knowledge Economy Ministry . Figures for 2011 are n't yet available , the official said . Iran 's other big oil customers in the region are Japan , China and India -- none of which have announced plans to stop receiving shipments . The Knowledge Economy Ministry said in a statement Tuesday that it relies heavily on European companies for insurance of its oil imports and has sent representatives to the EU to make the case for continuing insurance coverage . "  The government has been putting contingency plans in place in case Iranian oil imports would be stopped , " the statement said . Alternative supplies are being sourced from Qatar , the United Arab Emirates , Oman and Kuwait . South Korea already lowered its Iranian oil imports by 44 % between January and May -- from 7 million barrels to 3.9 million barrels -- to try to lessen its dependence on them , according to government figures . CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	South Korea is the first major Asian consumer of Iranian oil to stop imports Seoul 's decision follows an insurance ban by the EU on tankers carrying Iran 's crude Tehran says it may respond by deciding to "  fully stop importing Korean goods " Western powers are using sanctions to pressure Tehran over its nuclear program
CNN  -- In the sleepy seaside town of Mariel , northwest Cuba , a hulking monument to the communist islands ' evolving economy is rapidly taking shape . It is here , under the intense glare of the Caribbean sun , that a giant free-trade zone  FTZ  and container port are in the latter stages of construction . The deep-water facility will have an annual capacity of up to one million containers when finished  three times that of Havana 's existing port roughly 30 miles away  and 700 meters of berth that it is hoped will host some of the world 's largest cargo ships . Partially financed by loans from Brazil and built by Brazilian construction firm , Odebrecht , the port will be operated by Singapore 's PSA . The FTZ , meanwhile , aims to attract international companies to Cuba by offering them a low-tax , low-regulation environment in which to manufacture goods . "  What the zone is intended for is to create a special climate where foreign capital is going to have better conditions than in the rest of the country , " said Cuba 's foreign trade and investment minister , Rodrigo Malmierca , during a September visit to Beijing . See also : Dawn of the super-ports The $ 900 million project mirrors similar developments and FTZs that have sprung up in fast-growing communist nations such as China and Vietnam in recent decades -- although experts doubt whether Cuba will follow the same path as the "  Asian Tigers . " While the ruling Communist Party maintains that state control will take precedence , the ambitious development is the latest in a series of controlled reforms that have been made since Raul Castro came to power in 2008 . The government has already relaxed its control over many sectors , encouraging ordinary Cubans to fill the void with their own private enterprises . "  Cuba is shedding its old skin and it 's becoming something else which is like a hybrid of models , " explained senior Latin America fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of the book "  Cuba : What Everyone Needs to Know , " Julia Sweig . "  This will  likely consist  of a much larger private sector , a much smaller social sector with the basics of social protection left in place , a lot more personal autonomy and economic freedom for Cuban people without necessarily moving beyond the single party system , " she added . Regional developments This new economic direction -- which the administration refers to as an "  update " of the socialist economic system -- and in particular the Mariel development have been brought about by a number of specific challenges and opportunities for Cuba , Sweig explained . The widening of the Panama Canal  which is due to be completed in 2015  means more of the world 's largest ships will soon be passing through the Caribbean , providing Cuba with the chance to benefit as a transhipment hub thanks to its strategically favorable location . Fast-growing economies in the region , such as Brazil , Mexico and Chile , meanwhile , provide fresh possibilities for foreign investment and trade tie-ups . Nurturing new relationships has been made all the more important given the volatile political climate in Venezuela , whose leftist government currently sells subsidized oil and trades with Cuba on conditions that are highly favorable to the island country . A vitally important cog in this wide-ranging strategy is Mariel . According to Carmelo Mesa , professor of economics and Latin American Studies at the University of Pittsburgh and author of the book "  Cuba under Raul Castro : Assessing the Reforms , " the port and FTZ are by far the most important development project on the island . See also : What happens to goods lost at sea ? "  The objective for Mariel and the free zone is to expand infrastructure , increase exports , reduce imports and develop high-tech projects that will create jobs , " Mesa said . "  This is important as the Cuban government has indicated that anywhere from 1.3 million to 1.8 million workers in the state sector are unneeded and must be dismissed . "  Cuban exports are generally raw materials , except for pharmaceutical products and biotechnology products but this is only about 8 %  of exports  . So they want to have value added goods such as computers , appliances and expand biotechnology , " he added . Breaking with the past Whether the wider economic plan and investment in Mariel will achieve these aims , however , remains far from certain . The 51-year-old U.S. trade embargo still restricts Cuba 's ability to trade freely with its international partners . Any ship that docks in Cuba can not enter the United States for six months . If the embargo was ever lifted , however , the FTZ would be favorably located  only 120 miles from Florida  to serve as a low-cost site for companies looking to manufacture and ship their products into the U.S. market . As it stands , international investors will have to be persuaded to choose Cuba over nearby competitors . The likes of Panama , Jamaica and the Dominican Republic already have established FTZs in their territories . Mesa also points to economic development zones introduced under Fidel Castro in the 1990s and early 2000s which expanded very quickly before "  there was a re-centralization of the economy " leading many foreign firms to pull out of Cuba . According to Diego Moya-Ocampos , a Cuba specialist at IHS Global Insight , many investors still see Cuba as a "  hostile business environment " and will treat any opening of the economy with a high degree of skepticism . "  This opening is going to be taken with a pinch of salt ... it 's still to be assessed what the tax and regulatory benefits of the  FTZ  will be , " he said . The end of communism ? Despite these significant challenges , Cuba still has much to offer international companies , not least a well-educated labor force -- Cuba has one of the highest literacy rates of any country , according to data compiled by the CIA World Factbook . Mesa however identifies laws that restrict foreign companies hiring Cubans directly as a potential disincentive to FTZ investors . Instead , workers are employed via a government agency that makes all decisions on the wages they receive often driving up the price of labor -- although new laws on foreign investment are expected . See also : Where are the world 's piracy hotspots ? Sweig meanwhile points to the lifting of travel restrictions between the U.S. and Cuba in recent years and a gradual shift in rhetoric in Washington policy circles that indicates a softening on the issue of the embargo . All concur however that , despite the tentative adoption of market principles and the loosening of central economic control , this is far from the beginning of the end of communism in Cuba . "  The Cubans  know they need to create these types of clusters where they can operate more aggressive free trade economic policies without necessarily affecting the economic dynamics of ordinary Cubans , " Moya-Ocampo said . "  It 's pragmatism , " he added . "  Cuba is trying to update its structures to meet the new realities of Latin America . "	A new port and free-trade-zone are being built in the Cuban town of Mariel The development will cost $ 900 million and aims to attract international investment to Cuba Reforms in Cuba are opening up the economy and the state is rolling back its influence over many sectors
CNN  -- Forget space . The most exciting new frontiers of exploration are on our very own planet , says Dr. Robin Hanbury-Tenison , one of the greats of British exploring . "  I 'm excited about this planet and what we do n't know about it , " he says . "  To discover life that has been cut off for 25 million years under the Antarctic ice cap is just mind-blowing and much more exciting than finding life on Mars , " he says . Hanbury-Tenison OBE and an honorary Doctor of Science from Plymouth University , sees three new frontiers of exploration : the tropical rainforest canopy , which researchers are beginning to access by hot air balloon and which is teeming with new species ; caves  only 10 % of the world 's caves have been discovered  ; and coral reefs , which are revealing more of their secrets thanks to smart technology . The key to exploring these new frontiers is science . Explore , do n't tour For Hanbury-Tenison , who has led more than 30 expeditions over the last 60 years , the thrill of reaching a place and taking a few trophy photographs is n't enough . "  What is a turn-on is stepping over the threshold from being a tourist to being an explorer-scientist . Then you are actually contributing to saving the world , to enlightening people to what is wrong and campaigning , " says the 77-year-old , who has written more than 20 books on his adventures , most recently "  The Modern Explorers . " He 's not suggesting it 's easy to make the leap from tourist to explorer , but it 's possible if you 're smart about it . First , you have to know what you 're talking about , which means reading as much as you can about your chosen destination . "  Provided you always treat people with respect , integrate and live as near to the way locals are living and not bring in too much from the outside world , you can do good rather than the sort of damage mass tourism does , " he says . There are plenty of places still to be explored on Earth , ranging from "  explorer light " to "  hardcore explorer . " If you want to get involved and contribute to scientific exploration , lacking a science degree is n't an obstacle as long as you 're prepared to work hard and be humble , he says . How to become an explorer Hanbury-Tenison says many of the world 's research centers will open their doors if you approach them in the right way . "  If you want to be an explorer , go to one of these research stations , they have amazing ones in Peru , and say , ` I 'll sweep the laboratory floor but can I come back when you look for the giant otters and I 'll paddle the boat . ' Make yourself useful . " Some wannabe explorers yearn for the days when the world was a pristine planet and great Victorian explorers such as Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace went off on journeys and returned with mountains of exciting new material and stories . But Hanbury-Tenison says there 's much more of the Earth left to explore and species to discover and that the mission is more important now than ever . "  It does n't matter if people have been there before , it is n't about being the first -- it 's about understanding and learning more about it . "  And that 's more urgent now than ever . We 're cutting down the rainforests and destroying them before we 've discovered how exciting and interesting it all is . " Kate Whitehead is a Hong Kong-based journalist who was most recently editor of Cathay Pacific 's Discovery magazine .	Dr. Robin Hanbury-Tenison sees three new frontiers of exploration : the tropical rainforest canopy , caves and coral reefs Not having a science degree is n't an obstacle as long as you 're prepared to work hard and make yourself useful Dr. Hanbury-Tenison has led more than 30 expeditions since the 1950s
CNN  "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " resurrects the time-traveling , R-rated antics of the cabin crew , with Adam Scott stepping in for John Cusack in the Steve Pink-directed follow-up to the 2010 hit comedy . More : Jessica Williams is next ` Daily Show ' host in ` Hot Tub Time Machine 2 ' Starring Rob Corddry , Craig Robinson , Clark Duke , Gillian Jacobs and Chevy Chase , Paramount and MGM 's Oscar-weekend release is tipped to earn $ 15 million or more . It was pushed back from its original Christmas Day release date , when it was set to square off against "  The Interview " with Seth Rogen and James Franco . See what top critics are saying about "  Hot Tub Time Machine 2 " : The Hollywood Reporter 's John DeFore calls it "  a flop-sweaty cash grab that gives a bad name to sequels in which key talent has jumped ship . ... Suffering from much more than awkwardness over the absence of the original 's top-billed Cusack , though it is certainly awkward about that , the film makes us wonder why we enjoyed spending time with his three returning costars in the first place . ... Scott fills the cast 's likeability void nicely . But the character bears the brunt of the meanest gags in an intensely mean-spirited , arguably misogynistic film , one so dumb about its attempts to wring humor from taboos that it at one point has the victim of forcible sodomy pay a dreamy compliment to the size of his assailant 's genitals . " More : ` Hot Tub Time Machine 2 ' Spot Mocks Deflate-gate USA Today 's Claudia Puig gives it two stars out of four , writing , "  Some of the gags are stupid-funny , others are just puerile , making for a hit-or-miss experience . The screenplay presents the thinnest of plots . ... Do n't expect consistency or much logic . " Altogether , "  Like the first foray , the sequel is a good-natured raunch-fest that induces eye-rolling about as much as it does laughter . ... For those who liked the first movie and find a plethora of penis jokes hilarious , this is a fitting sequel . But others should stay away . " The Guardian 's Jordan Hoffman says it 's worth one star out of five : "  I hated Hot Tub Time Machine 2 so much I now ca n't even think about the first one without feeling annoyed . This may suggest that the only solution is to go and make a third one to rescue the franchise , but really it may be time to leave well enough alone . " Due to a flimsy plot "  where nothing is at stake , ... even the brilliant Robinson , whose every utterance gets at least a chuckle , ca n't save the movie . ... truly , there 's nothing besides repeated use of swear words in lieu of wit . " More : ` Hot Tub Time Machine 2 ' trailer goes back to the future  and beyond New York Post 's Kyle Smith notes , "  Within five minutes you 'll guess why Cusack , not overly encumbered with big film roles these days , did n't return for the sequel : The script is monotonous , meandering and witless , frantically ramming together middle-school non-ideas such as a guy being forced to rape another guy on a reality show , or a guy 's testicles projectile-exploding into the faces of two other guys , or a guy being shot in both the head and the man-parts . ... The smart plotting of the first film is completely gone . "	Follow-up to the 2010 hit comedy stars Adam Scott , Rob Corddry and Craig Robinson
CNN  -- Concussions and the link to CTE have captured the headlines once again , with Junior Seau 's family filing a lawsuit against the NFL . They believe the brain damage Seau suffered during his 20 years in the league led to his suicide . Then , in a recent interview with "  New Republic " magazine , President Barack Obama tackled the culture of violence in football and the impact the game takes on its players . Obama stated , as much of a fan he is of football , "  If I had a son , I would have to think long and hard before I let him play football . " And yet , the most captivating and exciting news for me is the recent early findings based on the studies out of UCLA . For the first time , researchers used a brain imaging tool to identify abnormalities in the brains of a handful of living former NFL athletes . Previously , these abnormalities could only be studied after a player died . This is a possible breakthrough that could revolutionize how we view and treat concussion injuries on all levels of contact sports . It could save lives and provide families of athletes a degree of emotional stability , since symptoms of CTE may appear within months or many decades after the trauma . I knew Seau personally , and I was also a colleague of Dave Duerson at Voice America Sports . The most unsettling thing about the deaths of Seau and Duerson was not that these men tragically took their own lives , but that on the outside the people closest to them could not see that they were suffering -- and the next day they were no longer here . A tale of two former NFL players I always wonder , "  Does it really happen that fast , and will I one day not be able to see it myself ? " These questions can haunt a father of a 5-year-old boy , especially when I think about his future if he should decide to emulate his father with career on the gridiron . The possibility of early detection of CTE and any possible prevention of him suffering from CTE is an extremely exciting prospect . My journey through the process of sending in my paperwork was not only an emotional decision , but also one which had to be handled in a very calculated manner . So begins the battle of the logic versus emotion for anyone in the position to make such a huge decision with an unknown future . The process of committing yourself to such a study is one that you do not take alone . Commitment to this study requires my signature along with the signature of a family member who may not fully understand the reasoning behind the decision . This can make you overthink your decision . Family members , because of the publicity around CTE and suicide , may assume that you are not mentally stable and are on the verge of taking drastic measures . Each family dynamic is different , but what I learned in this process is that like every other important issue , when it comes to someone you deeply care about , communication is key . That communication has to happen , whether it is a spouse , sibling , parent or in my case , my grandmother , who is the true matriarch of the Campbell family . I had this discussion face-to-face with my grandmother , who felt blindsided and concerned for my safety when she first read the papers . I explained to her that this decision was not just about me , but that donating my brain was my way of giving back to my brothers on the field . I reminded my grandmother that a passion for giving back is something she instilled in me at a young age , and that 's what influenced my decision to sign the paperwork and have it sent to Boston University School of Medicine . Once she understood my thought process , she signed the papers , too . This new UCLA study can be a turning point , not just for NFL athletes , but all male and female athletes who play contact sports . It gives us hope that tragic losses associated with CTE can be prevented . It gives us hope that treatment might be implemented at an early stage for current and future athletes . The time has passed for casting blame on what precautions were or were not taken to prevent concussions and CTE . It 's time to start the process of making sure that the building blocks of preventive measures take place to guarantee that concussions will never just be looked at as just another consequence of the game .	Lamar Campbell knew Junior Seau and worked with Dave Duerson He is intrigued by recent findings out of UCLA on brain disease Campbell says the decision to donate his brain was not to be taken lightly
CNN  -- The Marine Corps has dropped charges against the commander of the Marine company involved in the 2005 killings of Iraqi civilians in Haditha , Iraq . Camp Pendleton 's commanding officer ordered charges dropped against Capt. Lucas McConnell . Capt. Lucas McConnell , who had been charged with dereliction of duty , was also granted immunity to ensure he cooperates with the investigation , the service said Tuesday . McConnell was one of four officers charged with failing to properly investigate and report the civilian deaths . Lt. Gen. James Mattis , the Marine commander in charge of the corps ' units in the Middle East , ordered the charges dismissed last week . "  Lt. Gen. Mattis determined that administrative measures are the appropriate response for any errors or omissions allegedly committed by McConnell , " according to a statement from the Marine Corps base at Camp Pendleton in California . Four Marines from McConnell 's unit were charged with murder in connection with the deaths of up to two dozen civilians in Haditha in November 2005 . Charges have been dropped against two of them -- one in exchange for his testimony and the other after a hearing officer decided he acted in accord with the rules of engagement . Two other officers -- Lt. Col. Jeffrey Chessani , the battalion commander , and 1st Lt. Andrew Grayson -- also face charges related to their response to the killings . Haditha , located along the Euphrates River northwest of Baghdad , was the target of several Marine campaigns aimed at rooting out insurgents from 2004 through 2006 . Prosecutors accused the Marines of going on a rampage after a roadside bomb killed one of their comrades , 20-year-old Lance Cpl. Miguel Terrazas , on November 19 , 2005 . A statement from the Marine Corps originally blamed the deaths on the roadside bomb , triggering a parallel investigation into how commanders handled the incident . E-mail to a friend	Capt. Lucas McConnell was accused of poor investigating , reporting of deaths Two other officers face charges related to their response to the killings Incident killed up to two dozen civilians in Haditha , Iraq , in November 2005
Drones both dazzled and worried senators at a hearing Wednesday about their use within the United States , and lawmakers and experts said that new legislation may be needed to protect the privacy and safety of citizens . Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , held and studied a small plane weighing just 2 pounds before beginning the hearing . "  I am convinced that the domestic use of drones to conduct surveillance and collect other information will have a broad and significant impact on the everyday lives of millions of Americans , " said Leahy . Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , the ranking Republican on the panel , said the technology may require lawmakers to develop a new definition of an unreasonable search , which is banned under the Constitution 's Fourth Amendment . Opinion : Do n't give medals for drone attacks "  The thought of government drones buzzing overhead monitoring the activities of law-abiding citizens runs contrary to the notion of what it means to live in a free society , " Grassley said . The small aircraft can be fitted with lightweight cameras . Amie Stepanovich , of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , said law enforcement should not use drones as an alternative to police patrols . She said that they should be used for specific operations and that Congress should pass a law requiring legal permission . "  I think we do need to enforce a warrant requirement for drones in circumstances where they 're collecting criminal evidence , " Stepanovich said . She said exceptions could be made for emergencies . "  With the ease and availability of drones , I think there is a real concern that the day-to-day conduct of American citizens going about their business might be monitored , catalogued and recorded by the federal government , " said Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas . Privacy laws need to be updated to account for drones and other new technologies , according to Ryan Calo , of the University of Washington Law School . Five questions : Targeting Americans on U.S. soil "  There 's very little in American privacy law that would limit the domestic use of drones for surveillance , " Calo said . Calo said he thinks the aircraft can be extremely beneficial but warned that Americans may oppose their use unless there are some limits . An industry representative said the federal government already is regulating unmanned aircraft systems , the name industry uses for the aircraft . "  The  Federal Aviation Administration  strictly regulates who , where , when and why unmanned aircraft will be flown , " said Michael Toscano , president and CEO of the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International . He said operators of planes must get a certificate of authorization from the FAA , and the craft are to be flown under 400 feet and primarily in daytime hours . The FAA is supposed to allow widespread use of domestic drones in 2015 . There is only limited use by civilians at present . Because they are cheaper to use than helicopters , unmanned aircraft can be used to monitor crops and livestock , look at damage to buildings and for other uses . The FAA recently announced plans to create six drone test sites around the country . The Mesa County Sheriff " s Office in Colorado already uses drones . Benjamin Miller said the craft can help find missing people and photograph crime scenes . Miller noted it 's not legal to arm domestic drones . "  It may well not be legal to carry any munitions on a drone , " said Senator Dianne Feinstein , D-California . "  But what can be done illegally , and how can the government prevent that from happening ? " Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , expressed concern that as drones are more commonly used , they could be involved in accidents . "  What would happen if one of them hit a small plane ? " asked Klobuchar . "  Like when birds hit a plane , it can create problems . " Toscano replied , "  If there were a collision , then there could be damage . " Drone came within 200 feet of airliner over New York	Increasing use of drones in U.S. raises privacy concerns at Senate hearing Their use may require new definition of unreasonable search , Sen. Grassley says Drone industry expert says the FAA has strict rules about using the aircraft Drones also used for tracking crops , livestock and surveying buildings in U.S.
CNN  -- Mark and Kristine Wathke knew they were going to die . Stuck in a foot of snow on a road somewhere outside Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , the couple from Wisconsin pulled all the clothes out of their suitcases and wore them , trying to keep warm in their car with temperatures dipping below zero . They rationed the bread and water they had with them , and ran the car 's engine periodically to get some heat . There was no service for their cell phone . This was n't the end they 'd envisioned for their national parks tour . The Wathkes left Yellowstone 's northeast entrance on October 29 at 4 p.m. , planning to head to Montana . They plugged the address for their hotel into Google Maps and hit the road . Their route took them on Beartooth Highway , but they said they did n't see any signs warning that the road was closed . In fact , the highway was shut down in mid-September due to heavy snow , with signs posted saying so , the Park County Sheriff 's Department said . The Wathkes ' Kia got stuck several miles in . They thought for sure they 'd be found , probably the next day . But it did n't happen , and with each passing day , their hopes dimmed , they told the Billings Gazette . They decided to write letters to loved ones , and recorded a message saying goodbye . Meanwhile , Troy Barnett , who owns the K Bar Z Guest Ranch near Cody , Wyoming , heard about the missing couple when his wife spotted it on Facebook Sunday night . "  I decided about 9 o'clock that it was too late to go out , " Barnett told CNN . Monday morning , Barnett got out the snowmobile he had n't used since last fall , made sure it was in running order , loaded it into his pickup truck and set out to look for the Wathkes . "  There are only two roads in this area , so I kinda knew what road they needed to be on , " he said . He drove for more than 20 miles , until he could n't anymore because of the snow . Then he got on the snowmobile and minutes later , found the couple just about where he thought they 'd be . "  The car was stuck in the middle of the road . It was n't buried but it had some snow on top of it . It kind of worried me a bit , and there was no movement , " Barnett remembered . Inside the car , the couple heard something . "  Mark heard it first and he was like , ` Kris ! Kris ! Kris ! , ' " Kristine Wathke told the Billings newspaper . "  We saw him coming up the road and I was just crying . " Barnett parked right next to the vehicle , and the door opened . "  They were really grateful and there were some tears , " he said . "  I asked if everyone was okay and if they need medical attention and if they were warm enough . " Barnett loaded Mark and Kristine on his snowmobile and drove back to his truck . He called a friend with a radio and had him get in touch with the sheriff , and then took the couple to his house , where they called their family . The sheriff says Barnett 's actions saved the Wathkes ' from serious harm . "  I commend him for his unselfishness , " Sheriff Scott Steward said . Barnett said it 's not the first time he 's helped someone in that area . "  We help people off there quite a bit , " he said . "  It 's really rural up here , we 're just up in the mountains . " Trapped and dying in desert , David Welch leaves behind love notes CNN 's Sara Ganim and Amanda Watts contributed to this report	The Wathkes were touring national parks when they got stuck in Wyoming They rationed bread and water to survive , turned heater on periodically Rancher Troy Barnett had an idea where they might be
CNN  The Tulsa County reserve deputy who fatally shot a man instead of using his Taser turned himself in to authorities Tuesday at the Tulsa County Jail . Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2 but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun . Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday . He surrendered Tuesday morning , accompanied by his attorney , Clark Brewster , and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . As he exited the jailhouse , Bates paused in front of television cameras for a moment but did not speak . His attorney reiterated that he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office says a sting operation caught Harris illegally selling a gun . Harris ran when officers came in for the arrest . Authorities say Bates thought he pulled out his Taser but "  inadvertently " fired his gun . Harris ' brother , Andre Harris , told CNN that he is pleased District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler pressed charges . In his opinion , however , no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother . Watching the video of the shooting , Andre Harris said he can see that three or more officers were already on top of his brother . That manpower should have been enough to arrest him , he said . "  It was a situation where I did n't necessarily think that a Taser should even be used , " Andre Harris said . Scott Wood , another Bates ' attorney , has said the shooting was an "  excusable homicide . " Investigators ' efforts to defend Bates and the other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism online . Harris ' relatives are demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality . They 're also questioning why the 73-year-old Bates -- the CEO of an insurance company who volunteers as a certified reserve deputy -- was on the scene in such a sensitive and high-risk sting operation . Daniel Smolen , an attorney representing the Harris family , said Bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time . Bates , who was a police officer for a year in the 1960s , had been a reserve deputy since 2008 , with 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience , according to the sheriff 's office . He was also a frequent contributor to the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office , including $ 2,500 to the re-election of Sheriff Stanley Glanz . The sheriff 's office has said that Bates had law enforcement certification , but Smolen said he has not seen any field training records . "  We 're holding up all right at this point , " Andre Harris said . "  We 're putting our faith in God that justice will be served , and we can get some closure in this situation . " How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser ? In a statement released Tuesday , Eric Harris ' family members said they know there are many good deputies working in Tulsa County . "  However , the treatment of Eric of April 2 clearly shows that there is a deep-seated problem within the TCSO , " the statement said . The family said that the sheriff has not apologized and that the department has not shown remorse or indication it will change its policies . CNN 's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Reserve Deputy Robert Bates surrenders to authorities , posts bail of $ 25,000 Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the killing of Eric Harris
CNN  These are fearful times on the highest mountain in the world . The devastating earthquake that hit Nepal on Saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing , injured or trapped on Mount Everest . And aftershocks , including a strong one Sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts . "  We were sitting here in base camp , feeling the situation was getting better , " said climber Carsten Pederson . "  And then suddenly , we felt the aftershock , " he told CNN on Sunday . "  And immediately after the shock , we hear avalanches from all the mountains around us . " But those avalanches did n't appear to be on the same scale as those that came roaring down on the camp Saturday . The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot , sitting in a valley surrounded by high Himalayan peaks . When the huge , lengthy quake struck Saturday , the scores of climbers who had gathered there to prepare for or recover from ascents of the peak had nowhere to run . "  An earthquake that long set off avalanches all the way around us . And they came down -- they were large , they were massive avalanches , " said Jon Reiter , an American mountaineer at the base camp . People tried to flee as the onrushing wall of snow , ice and rocks took out large sections of the camp . "  They were trying to outrun the avalanche and you can not , " said Pederson . "  So many people were hit from behind , blown off the mountain , blown into rocks , hit by debris , tents were flying off . " He said he took shelter behind a large pile of stones . "  I could hardly breathe , but I could stay until the avalanche was over , " he told CNN . A huge cloud of snow dust billowed hundreds of feet into the sky . "  We all ducked for cover until the cloud passed and then started dealing with the aftermath , " Reiter said . That included at least 17 people killed , dozens injured and many others missing , he said . They are one part of the enormous human toll in Nepal and beyond from the catastrophic quake . The many unhurt people at the camp scrambled to help the injured , digging them out of the snow and turning dining tents into makeshift field hospitals . Snow that continued to fall made it hard for them to see , hampering their efforts . Climbers worked in shifts through the night , nursing the injured as they waited for the weather conditions to improve to allow helicopters in . "  A lot of them are in pretty tough shape , " Reiter said of the injured . The airlifts of those with the most severe injuries began Sunday morning after the weather cleared . "  The sun is breaking through the clouds , and the choppers are coming in , " Reiter said . "  We 're pretty grateful . We 're going to get these guys down the hill . " Pederson said that most of the injured people at the base camp had been airlifted out by Sunday afternoon . But concerns were growing for the groups of climbers stuck farther up the 29,035-foot  8,848-meter  mountain in Camps 1 and 2 . The avalanche was reported to have trapped them above the icefall area , an already treacherous part of the mountain that separates the base camp from Camp 1 . "  They 'll have to put a new route in from base camp up through that icefall , " said Jim Whittaker , the first American to reach the summit of Mount Everest . The climbers "  will have to cool it for a couple days , wait until the route is re-established , " he told CNN . But the frequent aftershocks were making that task more difficult . Alex Gavan , a mountaineer at the base camp , said Sunday on Twitter that ropes and other gear were being helicoptered to the people trapped above the icefall . A few of the climbers were taken down by helicopter , but more than 100 were believed to still be up there , he wrote . "  Practically , it 's impossible to get them off with helicopters , " Pederson said . "  There are so many people up there . " Amid the struggle to save the living , details started to emerge about some of the dead . Among them was Dan Fredinburg , an American executive at Google who had been posting updates about his adventures in Nepal on Instagram and Twitter . His sister , Megan , updated the Instagram account with a message saying he suffered a major head injury . "  We appreciate all of the love that has been sent our way thus far and know his soul and his spirit will live on in so many of us , " she wrote . "  All our love and thanks to those who shared this life with our favorite hilarious strong willed man . He was and is everything to us . " Eve Girawong , a medic from New Jersey who worked on the mountain , was also killed , according to her family and employer . "  On behalf of my family , it is with deep sadness that I write that our beloved daughter , younger sister and best friend has been taken from us today , " a family member wrote on Facebook . "  Nong Eve Girawong was doing the thing she loved doing most -- helping others . Words can not describe the heartbreak and pain that we are currently suffering . " People at the base camp described a grim , chaotic situation after the avalanches Saturday . "  It 's a pretty rough scene up here , " Reiter said . He told CNN that he 'd put one dead man inside a sleeping bag and zipped it up . Many of those who suffered the worst injuries were asked to write down their names to identify them in case they died , Reiter said . The exact number of dead remained unclear . Reiter reported 17 ; Nima Namgyal , a doctor with an expedition at the base camp told CNN that he had seen 14 bodies so far . But an unknown number of people are still missing , buried beneath the snow and ice . The earthquake struck just over a year after an avalanche on Everest killed 16 Sherpas , the deadliest single disaster on the mountain up to that point . The Sherpas , an ethnic group , are famed for their climbing skills and often work as mountain guides . "  This is our job , " said Pasang Sherpa , who lost people close to him in the 2014 avalanche . "  So there is always a risk of death . " Reiter was also there last year when that avalanche came crashing down the icefall . He described to CNN at the time the harrowing experience of seeing bodies being removed . The American climber has scaled all of the "  Seven Summits , " the highest mountain on each of the seven continents , except Everest . This is his third straight year trying to scale the tallest peak of them all . He turned back in 2013 "  because it did n't feel right , " according to his wife , Susan . Will Reiter try again after witnessing another disaster on the mountain ? "  You would think that he would n't because of this and because of last year , " Susan Reiter said from her Northern California home . "  But knowing my husband I think he will . I hope not , but I do n't want to hold him back . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Katia Hetter , Jessica King and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Concerns growing for people trapped higher up the mountain Helicopters begin airlifting injured people from the base camp in Nepal Climber reports at least 17 dead ; many others injured , missing or stuck
CNN  -- Mexican authorities issued a hurricane warning along parts of the country 's eastern coast Wednesday as Tropical Storm Arlene approached , the National Hurricane Center reported . The storm 's speed has slowed , but forecasters said it was expected to start speeding up as it moved west Wednesday night . Arlene , the first named storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season , was moving at about 4 mph , packing sustained winds of 60 mph . Authorities in the Mexican states of Tamaulipas , Veracruz , San Luis Potosi and Nuevo Leon braced for heavy rains . Forecasters from the National Hurricane Center warned of possible flash floods and mudslides . "  With any storm of this size , it 's easy to overlook it and call it insignificant , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Meyers . "  The major effect with this storm will not be wind damage , but will be inland flooding from up to 12 inches of rain in the mountains of Mexico . " The hurricane warning in Mexico stretches from the eastern coastal town of Barra de Nautla north to La Cruz . Authorities have also issued a tropical storm warning from La Cruz north to La Pesca , and from Palma Sola south to Veracruz . Meyers added that while Mexico 's major northeastern city of Monterrey should be just north of the maximum rainfall , Victoria "  may be right in the middle of the bull 's - eye . " Arlene is expected to make landfall early Thursday very near hurricane strength . It is expected to produce 4 to 8 inches of rain in some areas , while higher amounts of isolated rainfall will likely fall in mountainous terrain and could cause life-threatening flash floods and mud slides . Tropical storm force winds are expected to reach the east coast of Mexico on Wednesday evening , which could make outside preparations difficult or dangerous , the Hurricane Center said . When Arlene makes landfall , the storm surge could raise water levels up to 2 feet above normal tide markers . The Atlantic hurricane season spans June 1 to November 30 . CNN 's Chad Meyers , Mari Ramos and Sarah Dillingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexican authorities issue a hurricane warning with Arlene off eastern coast NEW : The storm 's speed has slowed , but it is expected to move faster Monday night National Hurricane Center : Rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides Tropical Storm Arlene is expected to make landfall early Thursday
It had been almost a century since a Japanese man made the semifinals of the U.S. Open , but world No. 10 Kei Nishikori dug deep to ensure that unfortunate milestone was not reached . The 24-year-old reached the last four of a grand slam for the first time in his career after a grueling 3-6 7-5 7-6 6-7 6-4 victory over third seed Stan Wawrinka . Nishikori has endured an energy-sapping run to the semis . Before Wednesday 's arduous battle with the Swiss star , he beat Canadian fifth seed Milos Raonic in a four-hour , 19-minute marathon , which equaled the latest finish to a match at Flushing Meadows , ending at 2:26 a.m. Following his second four-hour-plus match , an exhausted Nishikori said , "  My body was OK . I got more confidence , but I do n't know how I finished the game . " Noted for his speed and footwork , the rising Japanese star moved the Australian Open champion around the court , despite a stuttering start , and played brightly at the net to hold out for a historic victory . Nishikori breaks a long line of Japanese men 's tennis disappointment , becoming the country 's first U.S. Open semifinalist since Ichiya Kumagae 's in 1918 , when players were amateur and wore long pants . He 's Japan 's first male grand slam semifinalist since Jiri Satoh made it this far at Wimbledon in 1933 . Kimiko Date Krumm , beaten in the first round last week with her 44th birthday looming , was a women 's semifinalist in three grand slams in the mid-1990s , but not the U.S Open . Next up is world No. 1 Novak Djokovic on Saturday . "  Hopefully I can play 100 % tennis next round , " Nishikori told reporters . Djokovic avenged his 2012 U.S. Open final defeat by Andy Murray as he triumphed 7-6  7-1  6-7  1-7  6-2 6-4 against the British eighth seed in Wednesday 's late match . Nishikori 's rise has been understated , still featured as "  one to watch " on the U.S. Open website , despite his high seeding in the tournament . Masaki Kashiwai , Head Coach of the Green Tennis School in Matsue , in Shimane prefecture , trained the nascent star until his move to the U.S. . Kashiwai said that Nishikori was obviously exceptionally talented . "  I am very proud of him , " Kashiwai told CNN . "  He came from the countryside to make this big in the world . He gives a dream , hope and courage to Japan 's young players , professional players as well as coaches that  they  might be able to reach the top . " He first picked up a racket aged five and , at the age of 14 , moved to Florida to hone his considerable talent at the IMG Academy . He could n't speak English but , just like his wins so far in New York , he gritted his teeth and set himself to the challenge . Former Japanese pro Shuzo Matsuoka , who "  discovered " NIshikori at a tennis camp for young players in 2001 , hailed his victory as "  amazing " considering he was n't in peak condition following his match against Raonic . Matsuoka hailed Nishikori 's mentality and likened the young player to his coach , former U.S. Open finalist Michael Chang . Nishikori 's result caused Matsuoka to gush : "  Nothing better than having met Kei in my life . Thank you , Kei , Congratulation  s  , and let 's go till the end , Kei . " The ATP Newcomer of the Year from 2008 had already made history by becoming the first Japanese player to be ranked inside the ATP Tour 's top 10 , with a high-water mark of 9th in May of this year . Djokovic has lost in the past three U.S. Open finals following his 2011 success , and was beaten in five out of six grand slam finals before winning Wimbledon for the second time in July . "  It 's great for Kei and Japan for him to be in the semifinal . He serves and moves very well , " the Serbian said after beating Murray in three and a half hours . Serene Serena Meanwhile , women 's No. 1 Serena Williams continued the defense of her title by reaching the semifinals with a 6-3 6-2 win over Italian 11th seed Flavia Pennetta . She came back from 3-0 down in the opening set to keep alive her bid to become the second woman in the Open Era after Chris Evert to win the tournament three years running . The American will next face Russian 17th seed Ekaterina Makarova , who defeated former world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka 6-4 6-2 to earn a last-four spot for the first time at a grand slam . Makarova 's only win in four clashes with Williams was at the 2012 Australian Open , but the 32-year-old -- seeking to join Evert and Martina Navratilova on 18 grand slam titles -- is wary of her younger , left-handed opponent . "  Makarova moves well . She does n't care who she plays , she gives 100 % . Those types of players are often difficult to play because it makes them better , " Williams said . "  She also has that serve that can go out wide , or you never know where it 's going to go . She has a great backhand and she 's improved her forehand . " Doubles delight Date-Krumm , meanwhile , earned a place in the semifinals of the women 's doubles on Wednesday -- the first time she has done so in her long career . The Japanese veteran , who reached a quarterfinal in 1992 , made the breakthrough in partnership with Czech Barbora Zahlavova -- 15 years her junior -- as they beat eighth seeds Andrea Hlavackova of the Czech Republic and Zheng Jie of China . They will next take on Makarova and her fellow Russian Elena Vesnina , the fourth seeds who knocked out the Williams sisters in their quarterfinal on Tuesday . "  I can not believe it myself , " Date-Krumm said . "  Recovery is difficult at my age , but I 'm enjoying every moment with Barbora . " The other semifinal will feature former world No. 1 Martina Hingis , who with Pennetta will be seeking the ninth women 's doubles title of her career -- but the first since 2002 . They will take on third-seeded Cara Black of Zimbabwe and Sania Mirza of India .	Kei Nishikori the first Japanese man to make a grand slam semifinal in over 80 years World No. 10 is also the first to grace a U.S. Open semifinal since 1918 He will next play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , who beat Britain 's Andy Murray Defending champion Serena Williams to play Ekaterina Makarova in women 's semis
CNN  -- An alien with a lemon-shaped head and a jazz-themed encounter with a UFO at the Glastonbury Festival are among hundreds of UFO sightings detailed in the latest batch of documents released Monday by the UK 's Ministry of Defence . A sketch of a UFO made by a witness following a sighting in 1993 . Fourteen files , containing over 4,000 pages of UFO sightings from 1981 to 1996 , have now been placed on Britain 's National Archives database and are publicly available online . The sightings range from lights in the sky to close contact with aliens , and the files contain detailed analysis on some of the UK 's most popular cases -- a number of which remain officially unexplained . In one incident in 1995 , two men in their 20s from Staffordshire , central England , told police they saw an alien with a lemon-shaped head descend from a hovering UFO and tell them "  We want you ; come with us . " In another sighting recorded by defense officials in 1994 , two women at the Glastonbury music festival reported seeing a UFO floating above the jazz stage However , 90 percent of cases have been accounted for . Multiple sightings of a brightly illuminated oval object in London during 1993 and 1994 were later explained as an airship advertising the launch of the Ford Mondeo car . In 1993 , more than 30 reports of illuminations over central England during a six-hour period led to senior defense staff being briefed , before it was established that the lights had been caused by a Russian rocket re-entering the atmosphere The documents reveal that in 1996 there were 608 sightings , a dramatic surge from the previous year 's 117 . However , this may have less to do with exceptional levels of extra-terrestrial activity , than with the release of blockbuster film "  Independence Day " and the popularity that year of sci-fi TV series "  The X-Files . " David Clarke , a UFO expert and journalism lecturer at Sheffield Hallam University who has studied the files , said : "  Obviously , films and TV programs raise awareness of UFOs and it 's fascinating to see how that appears to lead more people to report what they see . " Clarke 's comments certainly correspond with the other periods of high-frequency sightings in Britain -- one of the other busiest years was in 1978 , the same year in which Steven Spielberg 's alien-themed "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind " was released . The files also shed new light on Britain 's own ` Roswell ' , the Rendlesham Forest sightings of December 1980 in which American air force men saw a series of mysterious lights in the trees at the perimeter of an air base used by the U.S. Air Force . The then government of Margaret Thatcher was quick to dismiss the incident , but a letter from a former chief of defense staff in 1985 warned that the affair could prove a ` banana skin ' for the Ministry of Defence . "  The case has puzzling and disquieting features which have never been satisfactorily explained ... which continue to preoccupy informed sections of the public , " said the letter . Other documents reveal a UFO incident in Belgium between 1989 and 1990 when Belgian Air Force F-16 fighters were scrambled to intercept abnormal , brightly-lit , triangular flying objects reported by police and others . In November 1993 General Wilfried de Brouwer , chief of operations in the Belgian Air Staff , confirmed that the fighters had locked-on to something with their radar but were unable to explain what it was . The MoD affirmed that there had been no threat to the UK and that it has never detected a "  structured craft flying in UK airspace that has remained unidentified . " This latest release of documents represents the fourth set of UFO files released since 2008 as part of a three-year project in conjunction with the National Archives .	Newly released files contain over 4,000 pages of UFO sightings Most cases have been accounted for with more mundane explanations Number of sightings linked to popularity of sci-fi film and television shows
CNN  -- I met the original Wild Thing when he was about halfway through his long life . At a conference of many fine artists and writers , Maurice Sendak was indisputably "  King of All Wild Things . " But in the late 1970s , when "  Where the Wild Things Are " was only 15 years old  it is turning 50 soon  , it was already , indisputably , a classic . But not just a classic of children 's books . It was a seminal book about childhood , and a journal of the life of an artist , and a clarion call for the satisfaction of those twin and opposite needs : independence and society . The man himself was small , compact , witty , intense . He was not above gossip ; he could be vindictive , salacious , morose and self-absorbed . But friends and admirers took all that in their stride . And he will be remembered for his uncompromising vision not about the sweetness of children -- their purity -- but about their complexity and wholeness as human beings . Scholars suggest that in earlier centuries children were considered as deformed adults , more animal than angel . Or they were perfect packaged gifts from heaven , Mother Nature in glorious form , only to be corrupted by growing up . Sendak stood up squarely in the middle of the last century , and he shouted both those inanities out the door . Children are full humans , compromised only by their lack of vocabulary and practice in reporting how they live . But they live as fully as Sendak himself lived right up to his last months and weeks and hours . News : Author of "  Where the Wild Things Are " dies He leaves us with images of children flying to adventure and back again . Mickey In the Night Kitchen swooping out of his clothes into a basin of bread batter . Max Where the Wild Things Are sailing to the wild rumpus "  in and out of weeks and almost over a year . " Using images and techniques inspired by William Blake , Randolph Caldecott , Samuel Palmer and others , Maurice Sendak interpreted the works of great masters : Grimm , George MacDonald , Herman Melville . But he was never humbled by the association . No , their reputations were enhanced by his attention to them . The Beastie Boys ' link to Sendak : Spike Jonze I knew him for about 35 years . As I turned from writing for children to writing for adults and began my novel "  Wicked , " I thought of how he never stopped yearning to make the next beautiful thing , the next meaningful page , even when his royalty checks piled up like oak leaves in the autumn around his country doorway . It was the work that counted , the chance of learning something new about himself . The chance of having something new to pass on to us . Reaction : Sendak sparked ` wild ' creativity in young readers Were there time , I would write more ; but , you see , there are some books over there I need to look at again , more closely than before . I do not put them back on the shelves . There is no time for that kind of luxury . I need to remember , now , what he told us . Meanwhile , as he passes away , some more sentimental scrap of me  that he would have scorned  hopes he is settling down to some nice bowl of chicken soup with rice with Emily Dickinson or Herman Melville . Though they have been impatient to meet him in person for a very long time , no doubt they 'll greet him as a fellow king . By now , Sendak is finding his dinner waiting for him . And it is still hot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gregory Maguire	Gregory Maguire says when he met him , Maurice Sendak was clearly King of All Wild Things He says his seminal book was many things but especially showed kids as full humans He says Sendak was complex ; had uncompromising respect for children Maguire : To the end , Sendak never stopped yearning to make the next beautiful thing
CNN  -- It is the dismal weather Olympics organizers and spectators feared as Great Britain endures some of its wettest summer months for over a hundred years . And according to London 's 2012 chairman , weeks of torrential rain has forced his team to make contingency plans if the sporting spectacle becomes a washout . In the first of what will be daily Olympic media briefings , Sebastian Coe said the bleak conditions were posing a huge problem for London . With some forecasters predicting the wet weather may be about to lift prior to the Games opening on July 27 , Coe said alternative arrangements were in place if the deluge continued . Weather warning : London Olympics ' biggest threat ? "  I spent most of Sunday in the Olympic stadium watching a goodly chunk of our 15,000 volunteer cast heroically rehearsing in the rain , " he told the assembled media . "  I 've joked in the past about the challenge of putting a roof across the whole country but this is actually proving quite a challenge to us . "  We 've got waterlogged sites , we 've got resurfacing that 's taking place in some of our areas , particularly some of our more sensitive rural sites . " London has spent seven years planning to hold the Games and a spokesman from the London Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games  LOCOG  told CNN last week that every eventuality had been accounted for . According to the UK 's national weather forecaster , the Met Office , June was the wettest since records began in 1910 , and that July had continued in similar fashion . But though there is hope of better weather ahead Coe confirmed there was enough maneuverability in the Olympic schedule to be able to rearrange events if they are blighted by wet conditions . "  We 've got the contingency of extra days available to us in rowing and in equestrian sports , as a last resort of course , " Coe added . "  We 've got an alternate sailing course available to us at Weymouth and of course we 've got the famous roof at Wimbledon . " As athletes continue to arrive in London , Coe said he was satisfied with the early stages of the Olympic operation , despite American hurdler Kerron Clement complaining that his bus got lost on the way to the Olympic village . "  But for a missed turning and a couple of Tweets , we 're in pretty good shape , " Coe joked . "  I do n't think we should get out of proportion some of these issues . We had a tweet yesterday talking about a four-hour delay , it was actually two-and-a-half . We had a driver that missed a turnoff . Athletes fret on lost bus as wave of Olympic arrivals begins "  Out of 100 coach journeys that 's likely to happen . The majority of athletes got in in good shape and on time . Getting in from the airport and to the village is important , and 98 % of those journeys went without any hitch at all yesterday . " Meanwhile , it was revealed on Tuesday that there are four parties bidding to take over the Olympic Stadium after the Games have finished , including one connected with Formula One racing . The London Legacy Development Corporation  LLDC  said that English Premier League soccer club West Ham , third-tier side Leyton Orient , the UCFB College of Football Business and Intelligent Transport Services had declared their interest . The latter are connected with a bid to turn part of the Stadium into a Formula One track and the sport 's supremo Bernie Ecclestone confirmed to the Daily Telegraph newspaper he had been consulted on the scheme . The LLDC said they would now consider all four bids , with a decision expected towards the end of the year .	London 's Olympic chairman says weather proving a challenge for Games organizers Sebastian Coe says months of wet weather in the UK have posed problems Coe says there is some flexibility in schedule to move events if required
CNN  -- On that first date , when you bonded over barbecue , the sauce drips on her chin only made her look cuter . You knew it was love when you learned John Donne was his favorite poet , too . What hooked you on the slopes was how she made black diamond runs look easy . These are the romantic moments you 'll always remember . Is n't it time to make more ? One of the best ways to remember why you and your mate chose each other in the first place is by enjoying an adventure around your shared interests . Meet on common ground , then head out to discover new terrain . From wine tasting to cozy ski weekends , we 've got ideas for you . Skiers ' paradise Bretton Woods , New Hampshire With both gentle-pitch , beginners ' trails and expert-level , tree-speckled ridges , Bretton Woods offers skiing to suit all tastes . A family-friendly spot , Bretton Woods provides a good option for parents looking to squeeze a little romance into a vacation for everyone . Tiffany glass , Italian plasterwork and a wraparound verandah make the Omni Mount Washington Resort an elegant après-ski option . Kids ' club activities and babysitting let parents claim a little grown-up time for a Friday or Saturday night ski , a dip in the pool or Jacuzzi or a duet massage . An Ooh Là Là Romance Package add-on includes a special turndown service with robes , music and lighting ; sparkling wine ; and French macaroons . Other romantic adventures such as a sleigh ride or dog sledding can also be arranged . Jackson Hole , Wyoming Once considered an expert-only ski area , the Teton Mountains now offer beginner-friendly trails as well as other winter activities such as snowmobiling and sleigh rides through local elk herds . If a mammoth resort is n't your scene , consider the more intimate , family-run Rusty Parrot Lodge and Spa . The staff 's goal is "  understated luxury , " and with in-room fireplaces , a cozy library with oversize leather chairs , an outdoor Jacuzzi with fire pits , a well-tended bar , an on-site restaurant and an in-house spa , the lodge can meet all your romantic requirements . Should you want a change of scenery , Jackson Hole 's shops , restaurants and bars are mere steps away . Literature lovers Concord , Massachusetts For a rich literary getaway , head to Concord , Massachusetts , where the country 's earliest prose writers , poets and patriots made their mark . Between fields where Minutemen once defended the nation stand the former homes of some of America 's most famous writers , including Nathaniel Hawthorne , Louisa May Alcott , Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau , all open to the public and most within walking distance . Visit the graves of these esteemed writers at Sleepy Hollow Cemetery before stopping at the Concord Museum to view Emerson 's study and Thoreau 's flute as well as Revolutionary War artifacts , including Paul Revere 's lantern . After a long day on your feet , retire to the Hawthorne Inn 's Emerson Room to enjoy the relaxed elegance of a four-poster bed , in-room fireplace and bubble-jet tub . Brooklyn , New York Literary legends have called Brooklyn home since Walt Whitman sang his borough 's praises . The former homes of nearly a dozen famous writers are all within walking distance in Brooklyn Heights . While the residences are n't open to the public , a self-guided tour can take you to places where works such as Arthur Miller 's "  Death of a Salesman , " W.H. Auden 's poem "  New Year Letter " and Thomas Wolfe 's "  Of Time and the River " were penned . Other writers ' homes include those of Henry Miller , Norman Mailer , H.P. Lovecraft and Truman Capote . After all that walking and ogling , head to the River Café for first-class waterfront dining . Bring a copy of Whitman 's "  Crossing Brooklyn Ferry " to read aloud while admiring the Brooklyn Bridge and imagining the borough as it was in his day . Oenophile bliss Sonoma County wine country , California What better way to reconnect than while driving through Sonoma wine country , stopping to taste the terroir at wineries along the way ? Visit Copain for the views and the pinot , Arista for the Japanese gardens and Lambert Bridge for intimate barrel-room tastings . Then settle in at the Farmhouse Inn in the heart of the Russian River Valley . The inn 's "  barn rooms , " situated in a grove of mature trees , are designed to blur the boundaries between outside and in . The "  heritage rooms , " meanwhile , range from huge luxury suites to compact queen-size spaces the innkeepers call "  our little jewel box rooms . " Be sure to check out the Sonoma Bath Bar with complementary seasonal scrubs , salts and soaps , and consider adding on the inn 's special romance package , which includes chilled champagne , candles , cut flowers and an intimate couple 's massage . Chesapeake Bay Wine Trail , Virginia Virginia is for lovers -- wine lovers included . Discover small colonial towns , walk along the shoreline and drop by George Washington 's birthplace in Westmoreland County between tastings at 13 wineries along the Chesapeake Bay Wine Trail . Local wineries feature Cabernet Franc , chardonnay , Vidal Blanc and Chambourcin wines , and among the most romantic are Dog and Oyster , Good Luck Cellars and Athena . Stay at the Tides Inn in Irvington , where lush gardens , waterfront views , a full-service spa , a golf course and a marina with a sailing school offer plenty of post-tasting relaxation . For even more amorousness , choose a Suite Romance Getaway package , featuring an intimate three-course dinner , a 60-minute couple 's spa treatment and a Carter 's Creek Cove cruise for two . History buffs Oak Alley Plantation , Vacherie , Louisiana Step into antebellum elegance where , in 1837 , aristocrat Jacques Roman wooed French Quarter debutante Celina Pilé by building a Greek-revival mansion to entice her to leave her New Orleans life behind . Stroll along the levee to watch the Mississippi roll by on the way to your private , century-old cottage , where you can prearrange to have champagne , chocolate-covered strawberries or souvenir waffle robes waiting . After a full country breakfast , visit the blacksmith 's shop , sugar cane-harvesting equipment and antique car collection . Explore the big house with a guide in period costume , stop by the reconstructed slave quarters to learn about the workers whose labors made plantation luxuries possible , then amble along the quarter-mile canopy of giant oaks , appreciating what it means to be free . Biltmore , Asheville , North Carolina Imagine you are personal guests of the Vanderbilts , one of America 's oldest and most well-known families , at Biltmore , an 8,000-acre estate built by George Vanderbilt at the turn of the 20th century . Savor a meal at the Stable Café in the former horse stalls now transformed into booths or take a carriage ride through grounds and gardens designed by renowned landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted . In Antler Hill Village , view the vintage farm equipment exhibits and displays of traditional trades such as blacksmithing and woodworking . Then take a butler 's tour of the 250-room National Historic Landmark building for a behind-the-scenes look at the house 's inner workings , including the servants ' quarters and the then-state-of-the-art technologies the Vanderbilts employed for lighting , heating and cooling . Foodie feasts New Orleans From the ornate balconies of the French Quarter , to the manicured landscapes of the Garden District , to the horse-drawn carriages in Jackson Square , New Orleans offers an array of stunning backdrops for rekindling romance . And for foodie couples , woo-inspiring dining choices abound . Lilette tops the list . Travel + Leisure magazine dubbed the dining room , with its tin ceilings and cast-iron columns , "  the sexiest " in New Orleans , but the real aphrodisiac is the food , prepared by Chef John Harris , a James Beard finalist for best chef in the South . For authentic Cajun Southern cooking , visit Cochon , where chefs prepare locally sourced pork , fresh produce and seafood . Try the fried cauliflower with chili citrus sauce and the catfish court bouillon . If the sparkling lobby , with its golden columns and crystal chandeliers , of the Roosevelt Hotel does n't grab you , surely the 24-hour , four-star room service will . Since opening in 1893 , it 's considered New Orleans ' most romantic hotel . Portland , Oregon Up-and-coming foodie hot spot , Portland has plenty of palate-pleasing  and challenging  restaurants to choose from . Bluehour is a top pick for its dramatic high ceilings and Mediterranean-inspired meals . And Castagna is known for quirky contemporary dishes featuring adventurous combinations that "  reinterpret local cuisine . " Start off your meal with the wild steelhead smoked over chestnut with sweet lime and herb sponge and finish with the Meyer lemon curd with green juniper meringue and Hefeweizen . For a more traditional French meal  think : foie gras , escargot languedocienne , bisque de mer  , head to Cocotte , a bistro with cozy banquette seating that 's perfect for getting close . And once your bellies are full , relax at the Heathman Hotel . During your stay , be sure to visit the Tea Court Lounge , where afternoon tea flows smoothly into evening cocktails and live jazz .	Wine tastings and waterfront scenery await along Virginia 's Chesapeake Bay Wine Trail The Biltmore House is likely to wow history buffs with a peek at the high life of another era New Orleans is never short on woo-inspiring culinary treats
CNN  -- A movement urging Verizon to get rid of wireless contracts appears to be gaining steam . A petition calling for the carrier to end contracts for smartphones and "  create an affordable way for consumers to purchase their devices " had attracted more than 60,000 signatures by Wednesday morning on Change.org , the online petition platform . Mike Beauchamp , a Verizon customer and blogger from Wichita , Kansas , said he started the Change.org petition 11 days ago after he heard Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam say he 'd consider killing cell phone contracts if consumers asked for it . "  I believe that people should have the freedom of choice ... to move freely between carriers , " Beauchamp told CNN in a phone interview . "  I think that model where you tie customers in for two or three years is a tired model that does n't need to exist anymore . " For years , most wireless carriers have subsidized the high cost of smartphones -- often $ 600 or more -- by requiring customers to sign long-term contracts . Customers who try to switch carriers before their contract is up often face hefty penalties -- up to $ 350 for Verizon customers , according to the carrier 's early-termination policy . But T-Mobile shook up the wireless industry last month by announcing it would revamp its pricing models to eliminate contracts . Instead , T-Mobile 's new service plans require that customers pay for their smartphones either up front or in monthly payments over two years . Beauchamp 's petition urges Verizon to follow T-Mobile 's lead and get rid of contracts for wireless service . Change.org put the petition on its homepage Monday after it received more than 7,000 signatures on Saturday alone . A spokesperson for Verizon would not comment specifically on the petition . "  Verizon Wireless has for years offered many different choices for customers , including contract plans or month-to-month plans that do not require a contract , " said spokeswoman Debra Lewis in a prepared statement . Verizon Wireless does offer its phones without a contract as well , but requires the consumer to pay the full price of the phone upfront . For instance , a 16GB iPhone 5 costs $ 200 with a two-year contract but $ 650 without a contract . AT&T and Sprint offer virtually identical pricing . Beauchamp said he 's hoping Verizon will agree to reduce or eliminate early-termination fees for existing customers and lower prices on phones sold without contracts . He said Monday he had n't heard from the carrier since he launched his petition .	A petition urges Verizon to follow T-Mobile 's lead and get rid of contracts for service Petition has attracted more than 55,000 signatures on Change.org Verizon CEO has said he 'd consider killing cell phone contracts if consumers asked Petitioner : "  People should have the freedom of choice ... to move freely between carriers "
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored four times as Barcelona routed Valencia to keep alive their slim chances of overhauling Real Madrid at the top of Spain 's La Liga . The Argentina striker took his tally for the league season to 27 , one behind Real 's Cristiano Ronaldo , and has scored 44 in all competitions for the Spanish and European champions this campaign . Barcelona 's win closed the gap on Real Madrid to 10 points , though Jose Mourinho 's side are still the overwhelming favorites to clinch the title with two and a half months of the season remaining . "  We 're so lucky to be living in a time when these players play . This team dignifies the sport , " coach Pep Guardiola said of his team 's performance . "  It 's a shame we 're so far away . I sincerely believe that our play is n't representative of being 10 points down , but we are , and we have to live with it . The distance is what it is , let 's see if we can fulfill our job . " Messi celebrated his 200th La Liga game for Barca with his 15th hat-trick for the Catalan club , and the 24-year-old has now notched 146 goals . "  It 's important that the team has found its form again , like we did in Germany  last week in the Champions League  . We have to keep on playing like this , important games are coming up , " Messi said . He hopes that Guardiola will renew his one-year contract and stay at the Nou Camp for a fifth season as coach . "  The manager knows what we think , but he will make his decision at the appropriate time . Obviously , we all want him to stay at Barca because , to us , he 's very important . " Third-placed Valencia opened the scoring at Camp Nou with Pablo Piatti 's ninth-minute strike , but a two-goal burst from Messi put Barcelona ahead after 26 minutes . Messi then pounced on a loose ball in the area to claim his hat-trick before a cheeky , scooped finish when clean through on goal made it four -- the second time he has done so for Barca . Spain midfielder Xavi put the seal on an emphatic victory in stoppage time . Benzema brace helps Madrid stretch lead Elsewhere , Athletic Bilbao moved into fourth after a 3-1 win over Malaga as Fernando Amorebieta , Mikel San Jose and Gaizka Toquero scored the goals . Atletico Madrid stayed sixth with a 1-1 draw away at Sporting Gijon , as Sebastian Eguren equalized for the home side after Roberto Canella 's own goal . Granada moved away from the drop zone after beating Real Sociedad 4-1 , both teams having a man sent off , while Mallorca thumped Villarreal 4-0 with Victor Casadesus grabbing two goals . Rayo Vallecano moved up to eighth with a 5-3 win at Levante , Diego Da Silva Costa and Lass scoring two goals each . In Italy , AC Milan usurped Juventus at the top of the table with a 3-1 win at Cesena . Sulley Muntari , Urby Emanuelson and Brazilian forward Robinho were on target as Milan went a point clear . Udinese moved into third place on goal difference despite a 0-0 draw at home to Cagliari , due to Lazio 's 5-1 defeat at Palermo . A Fabio Borini goal was enough to see AS Roma past Parma and into fifth place . Novara climbed off the foot of the table after a 0-0 draw at home to Atalanta , while Lecce thumped Siena 4-1 despite going a goal behind . Cyril Thereau scored the winner as Chievo won away at Genoa . In Germany , Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored twice as Schalke beat VfL Wolfsburg 4-1 as they closed within one point of third-placed Bayern Munich . In Sunday 's other match , Hannover moved level on points with sixth-placed Bayer Leverkusen after a 4-2 victory over VfB Stuttgart .	Lionel Messi scores four times as Barcelona beat Valencia 5-1 in Spain 's La Liga Argentina striker takes his tally for the season to 42 goals , 27 in the league Barca close the gap on league leaders Real Madrid to ten points AC Milan go top of Italy 's Serie A after a 3-1 win away at Cesena
CNN  -- Former Liberian President Charles Taylor boycotted his war crimes trial again Wednesday after judges rejected a delayed summary from his defense team , a court official said . Taylor is the first African ruler to appear before an international war crimes tribunal . He is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder , rapes and mutilation . The former president has pleaded not guilty to charges that include crimes against humanity and war crimes . His lawyers first walked out Tuesday after a tribunal declined to accept their trial summary because it was filed after a January 14 deadline , a court spokesman said . His defense team walked out first , then Taylor refused to return to the courtroom after a break , said Solomon Moriba , a spokesman for The Hague court in the Netherlands . "  He indicated he was deeply upset and needed to rest , " Moriba said . Taylor did not attend the proceedings again Wednesday , and the judge has adjourned the case until Friday , the spokesman said . The boycott comes as prosecutors prepared to present their closing arguments . The verdict is expected this summer , Moriba said . Taylor is on trial at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in The Hague . United Nations officials and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up a special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . Prosecutors allege that Taylor , who was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 , fueled the lengthy civil war , which killed tens of thousands , using riches from a diamond trade . The so-called blood diamonds are mined in war zones to support rebels and warlords . Blood diamonds have fueled bloody conflicts in Africa for more than a decade . The trial has included testimony from supermodel Naomi Campbell , who said that Taylor gave her "  dirty-looking " uncut diamonds as a gift . Prosecutors were hoping her testimony would tie him to blood diamonds . Last year , Washington said it expedited a $ 4.5 million grant because the court was facing a financial crisis . The U.S. urged the international community to donate to the court before its financial resources run out . If found guilty , Taylor will be sent to a prison in Britain , the spokesman said .	Charles Taylor is the first African head of state to appear before an international war crimes tribunal He is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone "  He indicated he was deeply upset and needed to rest , " a court spokesman says of the boycott Taylor has pleaded not guilty to charges that include crimes against humanity
CNN  -- Somewhere , Dick Nixon wants a royalty check . When New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie channeled his inner Tricky Dick and declared , "  I am not a bully , " he did himself no favors . To be fair , Christie faced a dilemma : Either admit to creating a climate of bullying , intimidation and political payback that led to the George Washington Bridge scandal , or claim that his staff and appointees disrupted traffic on the world 's busiest bridge as political punishment without his knowledge . In the business we call it a choice between being a crook or a schnook . Ladies and gentlemen , meet Gov. Schnook . A schnook , for those who do n't speak Yiddish , is a dupe . A fool . A patsy . A schnook is a victim , and Chris Christie is not convincing playing the victim . He wants us to believe that Gov. Straight-Talk , Mister No-B.S. , credulously believed a pack of lies from his close aides . He wants us to believe that , as a former federal prosecutor , he thought his one-hour "  investigation " of this operation , which yielded no confessions , was all that he could have done to unearth the truth . The governor clearly hopes that his press conference , his apology and his firing of one whole person will put this issue to rest . It wo n't . There 's a great old saying that battle-scarred scandal managers love : "  The dogs bark but the carnival moves on . " It 's the crisis manager 's equivalent of "  Take two aspirin and call me in the morning , " meant to reassure the scandal-plagued public figure that the media and the public have short attention spans , and that the next twerking episode will distract folks . But not with the Chris Christie bridge-closing scandal : This one 's gon na stick . How do I know ? Three reasons : 1 . It feeds a pre-existing narrative . This is the most important factor in determining whether a miscue becomes a scandal and whether a scandal becomes a permanent taint . Any issue that advances a narrative that people already have is given greater credence and is more memorable . Every public figure has a master narrative . In fact they have two : one positive , one negative . In the case of Christie , his larger-than-life persona has been drawn both with bold strokes and in vivid color . The positive narrative is compelling -- and true : the straight-talking , forceful , blunt leader ; the no-nonsense take-charge guy who blasted as "  stupid and selfish " his own constituents who did not evacuate a beach community before a hurricane . Christie 's negative narrative is just as powerful , and just as true : bully . He burst on the national scene in YouTube clips of town hall meetings where he berated critics . As The New York Times reported , as governor , Christie has a remarkable pattern of bullying : stripping former Gov. Richard Codey of his security detail after Codey called Christie "  combative and difficult ; " cutting funding to a Rutgers University program run by a professor who sided with Democrats on a redistricting panel , and more . If , as it appears , Christie 's appointees and staff forced New Jerseyans to suffer through a four-hour traffic jam because their mayor -- a Democrat -- had the temerity to back the Democratic candidate opposing Christie 's re-election , it does n't just feed the image of a bully ; it cements it . 2 . There are ongoing legal and political processes . The Democratic majority leader of the State Senate , Loretta Weinberg , described herself as shocked by the scandal . More important -- and more ominous , for Christie -- she declared , "  I am waiting -- and hopefully with the support of Assemblyman  and Deputy Speaker John  Wisniewski -- that the subpoena power will continue . " Continuing subpoenas mean continuing revelations . "  Sooner rather than later , " Weinberg said , "  we 're going to hear the whole story of who knew what when . " There are almost certainly going to be lawsuits from aggrieved commuters , which will put folks under oath . And , most ominously , the U.S. attorney has said he is looking into the matter . If this becomes a federal case , the stakes rise immeasurably . 3 . It happened at the media epicenter . It 's not fair , but it 's true : The news media is based largely on the East Coast and principally in New York . If the governor of South Dakota closed the Chief Standing Bear Bridge , which connects South Dakota to Nebraska , most of the national media would not know or care . But this is the George Washington Bridge . Journalists can cover this story , literally , on their commute . Christie 's proximity to the media center has helped fuel his celebrity ; now it may fuel his downfall . The truth is there is not much Christie can do about these three dynamics . He tried apologizing , but kept returning to the plea that he is truly the victim here : that he 's just a poor schnook who was lied to . It seems to me that is small comfort to the thousands of people who endured four-hour traffic jams , or schoolchildren trapped on endless bus rides , or the family of the elderly woman who died after emergency services were slow in getting to her . He tried blaming others , as if acting in a Sopranoesque fashion is totally antithetical to his political style . Soon he will return to attacking the press and Democrats . None of it will work . If you believe Bullygate is going away anytime soon , there 's a bridge in Fort Lee I 'd like to sell you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala : Chris Christie faces difficult choice between being seen as a crook or a schnook He says Christie is not convincing playing the victim of his own staff Begala says the scandal is likely to haunt Christie because it fits perceptions of him as a bully The investigative and legal process will grind on , to Christie 's detriment , Begala says
CNN  -- It is well know that leaders at the highest echelons of politics and business tend to be taller -- an advantage called the "  height premium . " Now , research shows a similar correlation with voice pitch : the lower a CEO 's voice , the larger his company and paychecks tend to be . The new study , led by professors at Duke University 's Fuqua School of Business and the University of California at San Diego , looked at the voice pitches of nearly 800 male CEOs speaking in public in the U.S. Past research already showed that in a laboratory , where researchers played voices that had been artificially manipulated to various pitches , people preferred the lower ones as leaders . So this latest report took the study to the next step , seeing if the experiments translated to the success level of real CEOs . "  It appears that the labor market is matching deeper-voiced individuals with larger firms , which means this is influencing boards of directors ' judgments , perhaps , " said William Mayew , associate professor at Fuqua , who headed the study . But Mayew says researchers still need to figure out why this matching is happening for it to have meaningful applications . "  What we do n't know yet is where the benefit comes from . Does it come from cutting through red tape in a big corporation a bit faster if you 're more authoritative or dominant vocally ? " he said . Read more : Bullying bosses dominate their way to power Voice pitch could also be related to other physical characteristics that suggest dominance , such as how tall you are , how big you are , what your facial structure is -- and it is still unclear if other factors like these are the true influencers of becoming a high-earning CEO . While research like this may imply that aspiring leaders who are short and have a high voice pitch are genetically disadvantaged , Mayew says this view places too much weight on a few physical traits . "  It takes a lot of different features that come together in order to make a person who he or she is , and I think it 'd be premature to suggest that if you had a high-pitched voice or if you were short that you just have no shot of ascending to leadership ranks . There 's much more to it , " he says . While Mayew acknowledges there are ways for CEOs to change how to speak , such as through presentation training , he is skeptical about the usefulness of speaking in an unnatural way or dressing a certain way to make up for physical disadvantages . If executives all take the same measures , he says , then one 's position relative to other CEOs does not change . "  There are certain bounds that we 're just born with , " he says . Read more : Neurotics make good teammates But leadership coaches , part of whose job it is to help leaders improve their self-presentation , have long been advising clients on ways to speak to come across as more commanding . "  Voices can indeed be changed and the pitch , pace , tonality and voice pattern can be modified to exude power , control , and position someone as the obvious leader , " says Gloria Starr , an image and etiquette consultant . Using words with two , three or four syllables gives the perception of a high education , she says . Using fewer words , and omitting complaints or explanations are other ways to convey power . "  Women tend to give their power away when they ` chat , ' go on and on endlessly , " Starr says . Starr says to look successful in the workplace , executives should dress in one color , which adds height , and wear plain fabric rather than patterned styles . Women should maintain a consistent business look and avoid open-toe sandals , bare legs and dangling or sparkling jewelry in the workplace . "  Trust is higher when an elegant , sophisticated business look is consistently presented , " she says . Read more : Why we pick bad leaders When one of her male clients moved into an executive role , she says , she suggested that he stop wearing short-sleeved shirts , because it is a "  blue-collar look . " Starr also advises against dressing down on the weekends or when traveling . Not only does professional attire lead to more upgrades and perks at restaurants , on flights and in hotels , but there is always a chance of striking up business relationships during this downtime , like when seated on a plane . As for how executives , especially men , should carry themselves : "  No hands in your pockets ever , " she says .	A new study shows that the lower a CEO 's voice , the larger his company and paychecks tend to be It is still unclear why lower-voiced CEOs are more successful Image consultants say executives can learn to alter voice pitch Leaders can also convey power by how they dress
Downtown Kiev was aglow in fire early Wednesday , as demonstrators undeterred by a bloody day on the streets staked their claim to the heart of the Ukrainian capital and , they hope , the heart of the country itself . Such flames have been a constant for three months , acting as fiery barricades all around Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , for protesters . Yet the flames grew more ominous on Tuesday as at least 21 people died in fresh clashes between government forces and activists . What began with protests over President Viktor Yanukovych 's backpedaling from a trade pact with the European Union -- a move that the opposition maligned , accusing Yanukovych of trying to cozy up to Russia rather than the West -- has spawned into something much larger . In addition to new elections , the opposition is calling for constitutional reforms to transfer more power from the presidency to the parliament . Yanukovych and his allies have responded with some concessions , even offering places in government to opposition leaders . But on-again , off-again talks have gone nowhere , with the opposition refusing to budge politically and from its positions in the center of Kiev . None of that changed after a face-to-face meeting overnight between Yanukovych and opposition leader Vitali Klitschko . Speaking to reporters afterward , Klitschko said there effectively was "  no discussion . " According to his Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party , the president demanded protesters "  stop the standoff " and put down their weapons -- an accusation that Klitschko claimed is unfounded . "  I think the authorities should immediately pull back the police and stop the blood , because people are dying , " Klitschko said . "  I told Yanukovich this . How can we negotiate when there is blood being spilled ? Unfortunately , he does not understand it . " What 's behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? Deadliest day of political unrest Tuesday 's violence followed what seemed like a rare breakthrough . Protesters pulled back Sunday from Kiev 's City Hall and unlocked streets in the city center after the government said it 'd drop charges against those arrested in the political unrest . Then everything fell apart Tuesday . The speaker of parliament 's refusal to allow amendments that would limit the president 's powers and restore the constitution to what it was in 2004 angered many in the opposition . The government 's prosecutor general , meanwhile , accused the opposition of breaking "  the truce " and , therefore , setting the stage for the crackdown . "  For the sake of pursuing their own political interests , they neglected all previously reached agreements and put lives and the peace of millions of Kiev residents under threat , " said Viktor Pshonka , Ukraine 's prosecutor general . Whoever was to blame , there was no dispute Tuesday was the deadliest day -- by far -- in the political unrest . Riot police used water cannons , stun grenades and other means to force their way through protesters , with video showing some of them toting shields and swinging sticks as they barreled through . Some demonstrators fought back , swinging what looked like baseball bats or using other means . Protesters also set fire to the headquarters of the ruling Party of Regions . Authorities accused them of firing guns at security forces . A CNN employee at the scene saw demonstrators carrying pellet guns , though not with live ammunition . One video showed an armored personnel carrier charging toward demonstrators barricades , only to be inundated by a flurry of what appeared to be Molotov cocktails . The vehicle then burst into flames . All the moving parts , different tactics and raw emotions contributed to a violent , chaotic melee in the center of Ukraine 's capital . Officials warned people to stay indoors and shuttered metro stations to help control the situation . The situation hardly calmed as night descended . Black smoke and bright flames from burning tires continued to rage around Independence Square , just a few blocks from parliament . Small explosions regularly erupted all night -- the product of protesters ' fireworks and , perhaps , the stun grenades that police have been using to clear the crowds . Demonstrators also worked through the night to build up their barricades , by forming human chains to pass bricks , rocks and wood up their front lines in anticipation of another police offensive . Ukrainian security forces did indeed move forward , despite a barrage of rocks , before halting their advance -- for now , at least . Kiev was the center of the action , just like it has been all winter , with nine police officers , 11 protesters and an employee from the ruling party 's headquarters among those killed , according to officials . But it was n't just the capital . Police confirmed the unrest has spread to western Ukraine , with protesters attacking police and local government offices in a number of regions . Blame game , calls for restraint Pshonka , Ukraine 's prosecutor general , blamed protesters for the violence that he said that -- in addition to those killed -- injured at least 100 others . The organizers of a rally Tuesday that descended into violence will be held accountable "  for every single person injured , every car burned and every window broken , " he said . "  Today , we were able to see that only the government is interested in peaceful resolution of the situation , " Pshonka said . "  Opposition leaders should take the responsibility for everything happening in the street of Kiev today . " Opposition leaders painted their supporters as the victims , not the aggressors . Klitschko , a former world class boxer turned politician , accused police of "  cruelly shooting at people in central Kiev . " And Arseniy Yatsenyuk -- an opposition leader from a party other than Klitschko 's -- made a public appeal to Yanukovych : "  Do not let Ukraine become a country covered with blood . Pull back the police and announce a cease-fire . Then we will negotiate . " U.S. Vice President Joe Biden himself pressed Yanukovych in a phone call , with the White House saying "  the government bears special responsibility to de-escalate the situation . " Secretary of State John Kerry later backed up the Vice President 's words . He called for the Ukrainian government to halt violence immediately , and reopen dialogue with the opposition . Kerry : United States , EU stand with Ukraine 's people On the flip side , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti 's story on the latest Kiev unrest noted Moscow 's persistent support for Yanukovych and its accusation -- made earlier this week from foreign ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich -- that Washington is trying to tell "  the authorities of a sovereign state what they should do next and how they should do it . " Such international back-and-forth is especially significant in the Ukraine , given not only its geographic and political position betwixt Europe and Russia and the origins of the latest unrest . It began in November with Yanukovych 's decision to scuttle an European Union trade pact that the opposition hoped would bring the Ukraine closer to the West , and improve its economy in the process . The next month , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that Russia would buy $ 15 billion in Ukrainian debt and slash the price Kiev pays for its gas . As the months rolled on , the conflict expanded beyond the long-simmering discord over whether Ukraine should align more with the West or with Russia . The opposition has pressed to change how the Eastern European nation 's government operates , namely through constitutional and other reforms that would -- among other things -- shift powers away from its president and toward parliament . Stop the ultimatums , Russia tells Ukraine protesters	Video shows an armored personnel carrier hit by Molotov cocktails , bursting into flames An opposition leader says there was "  no discussion " in his meeting with the president A crisis that has been brewing for three months erupts in worst violence to date The 21 killed in Kiev include 9 police officers , 11 protesters and 1 political party official
CNN  -- Michael Phelps claimed his third gold of the world swimming championships in Shanghai Saturday but then admitted he was short of peak fitness . The American superstar won the 100m butterfly ahead of Poland 's Konrad Czerniak and compatriot Tyler McGill in 50.71 seconds . It was his sixth medal of the meet in his return to China where he took an unprecedented eight gold medal tally in the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Phelps , who has been overshadowed by teammate Ryan Lochte in Shanghai , said he would be looking to improve with next year 's Olympics in London his target . "  I 'm not in the right shape physically . I want to be faster . It 's a tough race , " Phelps told AFP . In other action Saturday , controversial Brazilian star Cesar Cielo earned his second sprint title in the men 's 50m freestyle with a winning time of 21.52 seconds . Olympic champion Cesar was only cleared to compete in the championships when a special hearing of the Court of Arbitration in Sport let him off with a warning after he tested positive for a banned diuretic in May . His appearance at the championships has drawn criticism for fellow swimmers and Cielo admitted it had taken its toll . "  For now , it 's a big relief for me . I 've had a crazy month and it 's good to finish with a gold , " he told AFP . "  I think that shows a lot of mental control . I think I became a more mature person . Even though I 'm 24 , I feel like I 'm 44 right now . It was definitely the biggest challenge of my life . " Missy Franklin of the United States , who is only 16 , showed she will be a force at the London Games with another two gold medals . Franklin took the women 's 200m backstroke from Australian Belinda Hocking and then helped the U.S win their first 4x100m medley in more than a decade . Britain 's double gold medal winner from the Beijing Games , Rebecca Adlington took her first world title as she edged out Lotte Friis of Denmark in the final length of a thrilling women 's 800m freestyle with America 's Kate Ziegler third . Dutch swimmer Inge Dekker was an upset winner of the women 's 50m butterfly to claim her first individual world title .	Michael Phelps takes his third gold of the world swimming championships Phelps wins 100m butterfly but says he is short of peak fitness U.S. superstar Phelps has a record 25 world titles Brazil 's Cesar Cielo wins 50m free for his second gold in Shanghai
CNN  -- Iran 's Red Crescent Society will try to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza by sending food and medical supplies to the besieged Palestinian territory , an Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday . Red Crescent official Abdul Rauf Adibzadeh said one shipment of relief goods will arrive in Gaza via Egypt by the end of the week , Iranian media reported . The aid group is also preparing to send two relief ships to the coast of Gaza , including a hospital ship with doctors , nurses and operating rooms and another vessel with more relief goods like food and medication , the IRNA and Mehr news agencies reported . Israel stopped a convoy of six ships trying to deliver aid to Gaza last week in defiance of an Israeli blockade , killing at least nine people in the course of boarding one of the vessels . Adibzadeh said there is a possibility that Iranian Red Crescent ships may be attacked but added that , despite the danger , if the Iranian authorities approve , the shipments will be sent to Gaza . Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said the Iranian ships will be part of a new aid flotilla organized by several Islamic countries , though he declined to say which countries are involved . He called it "  strictly a humanitarian effort for the people of Gaza . " "  We are preparing two ships to head for Gaza that will provide humanitarian aid , " Mehmanparast said . "  Their departure depends on how soon we coordinate with other countries that are also sending aid ships . The process of organizing the operation is under way . " Separately , a "  Jewish boat " is planning to try to reach Gaza , two pro-Palestinian European Jewish groups announced Monday . "  Our purpose is to call an end to the siege of Gaza , to this illegal collective punishment of the whole civilian population , " Edith Lutz said on behalf of European Jews for a Just Peace in the Near East and Jews for Justice for Palestinians . The group is not saying when the boat is sailing or where it is leaving from "  in order to avoid sabotage , " Lutz said . Israeli commandos intercepted the first convoy at sea May 31 and stormed the largest vessel , the Turkish-flagged Mavi Marmara . The ships were carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , organizers said . The Palestinian territory has been blockaded by Israel since its takeover by the Islamic movement Hamas in 2007 . The deadly raid sparked international condemnation . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden avoided mentioning the issue directly when he spoke after meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Egypt on Monday . He said that the present situation "  is unsustainable for all sides " and that the Israelis and Palestinians needed to "  move to direct negotiations as soon as possible that will result in an end to the occupation that began in 1967 and to a two-state solution to the conflict with Israel and a Palestinian state living in peace and security . " The U.N. Security Council has called for an inquiry into the flotilla raid , and the U.N. Human Rights Council has condemned the assault and voted to launch an investigation . Israeli officials have defended the legality of the raid , criticizing those aboard the Mavi Marmara for attacking the boarding party and insisting that they can handle the investigation themselves . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Islamic countries organizing new flotilla , Iran Foreign Ministry says NEW : Jewish groups say they will also try to break blockade Aid group promises food and medicine to Palestinian territory Israel stopped convoy of aid ships last week ; nine people killed
CNN  -- Five-time gold medal speed skater Eric Heiden was hanging out in a Team USA locker room Saturday , watching TV as a much younger phenom named Apolo Ohno broke his 30-year Olympic record . That record , for the most decorated American man in Winter Olympics history , stood since 1980 , when Heiden shot to fame at the Winter Games in Lake Placid , New York . To hear Heiden tell it , watching the 27-year-old Ohno eclipse his record did n't matter much . "  Apolo and I could n't have cared less , " said Heiden , now 51 . "  All of us at this level do n't really look at medal records as very important . We 're very proud of what we are doing and what we 've done as athletes -- and if you happen to win a medal all of us consider that to be a great thing . " The difference between Ohno 's medals and Heiden 's is that Heiden won his all during the same Winter Olympics , an unprecedented feat that astonished Olympic fans around the world . Fast forward 30 years and Heiden 's passion for athletic competition and camaraderie has n't faded . Now an orthopedic surgeon , he treats and helps train the 2010 men 's speed skating team , including Ohno . "  Apolo is very dedicated and focused in his pursuit of the sport , " said Heiden . "  But he needs to understand that when an event is coming up he needs to really start backing off some of those outside interests so he can put in the time and effort to be a world-class skater . " With a smile in his voice , Heiden offers an example of Ohno 's recent appearance on ABC 's "  Dancing with the Stars . " "  He 's more of a celebrity personality than most of the skaters , " said Heiden . Heiden 's fairly familiar with celebrity . Those five medals in Lake Placid got his boyish Wisconsin face plastered on newspapers and TVs worldwide . Although Heiden said he is n't recognized much anymore , once in a while his name "  will fire a synapse in many people 's minds . " Living a quiet life in Park City , Utah , with his wife , who is also an orthopedic surgeon , and two children , Heiden advises some of the world 's fastest men on skates , including Ohno 's friend and fellow Olympian Shani Davis . Helping Davis , who won speed skating gold Wednesday night in the 1000m long track , requires "  making sure that all his needs are taken care of , " said Heiden . "  Sometimes that can be very demanding and very hard . " Davis accepts little training guidance from others . One of the younger skaters on the U.S. team , 19-year-old J.R. Celski won his first Olympic medal Saturday with a bronze in the men 's 1500m short track . What 's remarkable , according to Heiden , was that Celski had been badly injured in competition just five months earlier . Celski , who crashed into the boards during trials in September slicing a deep gash into his left thigh , has made a near complete recovery , said Heiden . He said Celski 's race on Saturday answered important questions about his mental recovery . "  Physically , we were sure he was good , but we were n't sure about his confidence level before the race . " Celski said he 'd met Heiden before his injury , but it was while the doctor was treating Celski that they got to know each other well . "  He 's very humble and very down to earth , and I strive to be like that as well . It was great to get to know him and talk to him for who he was -- and not for what he did , " said Celski . "  He was one of the hardest working guys in the sport , and that 's why he did so well . " The cheese remedy : A second opinion Would Dr. Heiden offer a second opinion about U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn 's much talked-about home remedy for a bruised shin ? She injured herself during practice just days before winning gold Wednesday in the alpine downhill . Vonn 's remedy : wrapping her shin with a soft Austrian cheese . "  We like to practice evidence-based medicine , " he said jokingly . "  I do n't think anybody is going to take that remedy home and practice it on their patients . " The closest thing to a home remedy for Heiden was the random newspaper , moleskin or felt he and fellow skaters would use to pad their skate boots to make them fit better . "  You 're always trying to work with what you 've got , " he said . "  But I 've never gone as crazy as telling somebody to do a cheese wrap . " Let 's remember that before he became a doctor Heiden set four Olympic records and a world record at Lake Placid . Shortly after his history-making feat , Heiden launched a second career racing bicycles , eventually competing in the Tour de France . This year , Heiden enjoyed Vancouver 's opening ceremonies with other Olympic veterans , some of whom also gained fame on ice : figure skaters Kristi Yamaguchi and Scott Hamilton . Each Olympian , he said , knows what the other has gone through to reach their athletic dreams . "  We enjoy the limelight , " said Heiden . "  We were recognized for what we did . And when you go back for each Olympics you sort of get your ego stroked again . " Much has changed about long track speed skating in the past 30 years , but Heiden said no single development has done more to push athletes faster around the icy oval than the clap skate . Unlike traditional skates with blades well-fixed at the bottom of the boots , the blades on clap skates are hinged at the balls of the feet , shaving a precious 2 seconds off a skater 's time with each lap . "  I 'm jealous , I wish I 'd had a chance to try those things . " Has anything else changed in the sport over the years ? Yes , he said , most speed skaters now perform in warmer indoor venues . Laughing he describes the effects of brutally cold temperatures on the male anatomy . "  Oh boy , these guys have no clue how cold it can be out on an open rink . "	Eric Heiden won five gold medals in speed skating at the 1980 Winter Olympics Heiden : Apolo Ohno needs to focus more on skating when events near The way Shani Davis trains can be "  very demanding and very hard " "  When you go back for each Olympics you sort of get your ego stroked again , " said the skating icon
HAMMOND , Louisiana  CNN  -- The actions of a justice of the peace in Louisiana who refused to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple have prompted some top officials , including Gov. Bobby Jindal , to call for his dismissal . Beth Humphrey and Terence McKay say they were denied a marriage license because of their race . Jindal said the state judiciary committee should review the incident in which Keith Bardwell , justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to issue a marriage license to Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend , Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond . "  This is a clear violation of constitutional rights and federal and state law . ... Disciplinary action should be taken immediately -- including the revoking of his license , " the Republican governor said . Sen. Mary L. Landrieu , D-Louisiana , said the committee should "  use its authority to have Justice Bardwell dismissed from his position . " "  Not only does -LSB- Bardwell 's -RSB- decision directly contradict Supreme Court rulings , it is an example of the ugly bigotry that divided our country for too long , " she said . Watch Terence McKay react to the denial of a marriage license " Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN this week . However , Bardwell told Hammond 's Daily Star in a story published Thursday that he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Bardwell , stressing that he could n't personally endorse the marriage , said his wife referred the couple to another justice of the peace . The bride says the case boils down to discrimination . Humphrey said on Thursday that she called Bardwell on October 6 to ask about getting a marriage license , and was asked by his wife whether it would be an interracial marriage . Humphrey said she was told that Bardwell does not sign off on interracial marriages . She said the couple , who received their marriage license October 9 from another justice of the peace in the same parish , have reached out to an attorney to determine their next step . "  We would like him to resign , " she said . "  He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist . " Patricia Morris , president of the NAACP branch of Tangipahoa Parish said her NAACP chapter has forwarded the case to the state and national levels of the civil rights group . "  He 's an elected public official and one of his duties is to marry people . He does n't have the right to say he does n't believe in it , " Morris said Thursday . "  If he does n't do what his position calls for him to do , he should resign from that position . " According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black . The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case . In the unanimous decision , the court said that "  Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the state . " CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Louisiana officials criticize justice of peace for denying license to interracial couple Keith Bardwell told newspaper he 's not racist , claims interracial marriages do n't last Couple received marriage license from another justice , considers taking legal action
CNN  -- A Royal Dutch Shell oil-drilling barge that ran aground last week off southern Alaska arrived at a harbor Monday with no sign of any fuel leaks , an incident-response team reported . The 266-foot-diameter Kulluk arrived at Kiliuda Bay , off Alaska 's Kokiak Island , about 10 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  after being towed some 45 nautical miles in the previous 12 hours , according to the team , which includes representatives of the U.S. Coast Guard , Shell , the state of Alaska and the Kodiak Island government . The rig will remain in the harbor and connected to support vessels while it is assessed , the team said . Salvage crews refloated the 266-foot-diameter Kulluk on Sunday night and began towing it a few hours later , according to the incident response team . The rig ran aground off uninhabited Sitkalidak Island , about 200 miles south of Anchorage , after tug crews towing it had to cut it loose on December 31 during a storm that whipped up 24-foot waves . The Coast Guard had evacuated the rig the previous day amid a severe storm as it was being towed back to its winter home in Seattle . The rig had been working in the Beaufort Sea , off Alaska 's North Slope . As much as 150,000 gallons of ultra-low sulfur diesel and about 12,000 gallons of other petroleum products are on board the Kulluk , a double-hulled steel vessel with a helicopter landing pad and tower in the middle designed for drilling in Arctic waters . Infrared cameras on a boat accompanying the rig as it was being towed detected no signs of leakage early Monday , according to the unified incident response command , which includes the Coast Guard , Alaska 's state environmental conservation department , a drilling company and Kodiak Island officials . Earlier assessments also indicated the rig was in good condition and posed no environmental hazard . While it was being towed , the Kulluk was accompanied by a Coast Guard cutter and two oil-spill response ships , the incident response team said . "  Monitoring by the oil spill response vessels escorting the tow confirmed that there were no signs of a discharge of oil during the transit , " the team said in a news release . Shell 's Arctic exploration plans caused widespread concern among environmentalists and were held up after BP 's 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Shell says it 's working at far less depth and lower pressures than the BP well that erupted off Louisiana , killing 11 men aboard and unleashing an undersea gusher that took three months to cap . The U.S. Geological Survey estimates more than 90 billion barrels of oil and nearly 1,700 trillion cubic feet of natural gas may be recoverable by drilling in the North Slope area . Coast Guard : No leaks from grounded rig CNN 's Melissa Gray , Matt Smith , Dana Ford and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The oil-drilling barge Kulluk has arrived at a harbor off Kodiak Island Salvage crews began towing the rig after refloating it Sunday night No signs the rig is leaking , incident response team says It ran aground several days ago off Alaska 's southern coast
CNN  -- Aruban and Peruvian authorities have agreed to "  help each other " in the murder investigation of Stephany Flores -- in which Joran Van der Sloot is the prime suspect , an Aruban government spokesman said Tuesday . Investigators hope the cooperation will lead to new information about the disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in 2005 in Aruba . Van der Sloot is also a suspect in that case . Following a phone meeting with Peruvian Judge Carlos Morales on Tuesday morning , Aruban government spokesman Taco Stein said Peruvian authorities have agreed to allow Aruban investigators into Peru to interview van der Sloot once a formal request has been made . Stein did not indicate when the request would take place or when Aruban investigators are expected to arrive in Peru , but described the meeting as a "  positive start " to information sharing that many Arubans hope will shed more light on the Holloway case . Holloway 's father , Dave Holloway , met with Aruban authorities on the island Tuesday and told CNN he believes progress is being made in the investigation . He declined to elaborate further . Peruvian authorities have charged van der Sloot , a 22-year-old Dutch citizen , with murder in the death of 21-year-old Flores last month . Van der Sloot said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and had met Flores while he was gambling . Police have said they think van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won from gambling . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . CNN 's David Ariosto and Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	Investigators hope cooperation will shed light on 5-year-old case of missing American teen Dutch citizen Joran van der Sloot is accused of killing 21-year-old Stephany Flores last month Aruban authorities will travel to Peru to interview van der Sloot
CNN  -- Police in Colombia have arrested four people accused of killing a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent during an attempted robbery . Colombia 's National Police said the four suspects they arrested were part of a criminal network of thieves . Two additional suspects who were allegedly involved in the crime remain on the loose , CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported . The United States will request extradition of the suspects , but it has not yet done so formally , a law enforcement official said . U.S. officials have extradited and prosecuted suspects accused of killing U.S. federal agents in the past . Special Agent James "  Terry " Watson , assigned to the DEA unit in Cartagena , was on temporary duty in Bogota when he died after being stabbed in a taxi cab last Thursday night , officials said . Authorities have said they do not believe the attack was connected to his work for the U.S. agency . "  The homicide of the DEA agent was committed by common criminals and was not connected to his work in Colombia , " National Police Director Gen. Jose Roberto Leon Riano said , according to Caracol . U.S. officials praised Colombian authorities Tuesday for their swift investigation . "  The Drug Enforcement Administration is grateful for the outstanding work of the Colombian National Police , the Special Investigative Unit and the Attorney General 's Office that led to the swift arrest of these suspects , " DEA Administrator Michele M. Leonhart said in a written statement . "  We will never forget Special Agent Watson and his sacrifice , as well as all those who have given their lives for the rule of law . We salute the brave and expeditious work of Colombian law enforcement and we look forward to justice being served . " Watson , 42 , had been watching the last game of the NBA finals at a Bogota restaurant Thursday night and left in a taxi , a State Department spokesman said last week . Investigators believe Watson 's cab stopped at a traffic light and his assailants jumped out of two other cabs , which pulled up on either side of the vehicle in which he was riding , a law enforcement official said . According to the official , Watson managed to escape from the cab and was taken to a hospital , where he died . In Colombia , such attacks are known as "  millionaire rides . " Authorities said the suspects they arrested were part of a gang known for millionaire ride robberies . The DEA said Watson was a 13-year veteran of the agency . He had been sent to Afghanistan three times on counternarcotics trafficking assignments and had previously served in the Army and worked for the U.S. Marshals Service . Attorney General Eric Holder is scheduled to speak at a funeral service for Watson in Louisiana on Wednesday .	Colombian police say they 've detained four suspects tied to DEA agent 's killing Washington has submitted an extradition request for the suspects , police say Two more suspects are at large , a CNN affiliate reports The agent was killed in a robbery attempt ; officials do not believe it was tied to his work
Disney 's It 's a Small World ride turned 50 in April . By way of tribute , we asked top industry experts for their picks for the biggest game changers in the history of theme park attractions . Most insane new U.S. roller coasters It 's a Small World , Disneyland  California , 1971 It 's painfully upbeat , fabulously kitsch and impossible to forget , but what exactly makes It 's a Small World so special ? "  The ride demonstrates the power of employing artists to create an experience rather than simply asking engineers to build a ride , " says Robert Niles , editor of ThemeParkInsider.com . "  The combination of Mary Blair 's iconic design work combined with the Sherman Brothers ' enduring theme song made It 's a Small World the first true theme park ride . "  This was n't some generic tunnel of love ride -- it inspired Pirates of the Caribbean , the Haunted Mansion and the new generation of theme park dark rides that followed . " Disneyland , 1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714 781 4565 Outlaw Run , Silver Dollar City  Missouri , 2013 Outlaw Run , the first wooden roller coaster with multiple inversions , opened in 2013 . "  A few years ago , Idaho-based company Rocky Mountain Construction developed a system where they could replace part of a wooden track with a steel plate , " says Justin Garvanovic of the European Coaster Club . "  One major upshot was that it would now be possible to send wooden coasters upside down . The first example , Outlaw Run , saw the creation of something completely new . "  It 's hard for a ride over 100 years old to do something ` game changing , ' but Outlaw Run did exactly that . " Silver Dollar City , 399 Silver Dollar City Parkway , Branson , Missouri ; +1 800 475 9370 MORE : 9 of the scariest , best waterpark rides Blue Fire , Europa Park  Rust , Germany , 2009 This German theme park ride catapults riders from zero to 71 mph in 2.5 seconds , but it 's regarded as a game changer for other reasons . "  For years companies tried to create a roller coaster with perfect track geometry -- meaning smooth -- and a perfect train , " says Justin Garvanovic of the European Coaster Club . "  The problem was the overhead restraint , which could be uncomfortable . "  When -LSB- theme park supplier -RSB- Mack decided to build its first upside-down coaster in 2009 , engineers also decided to design one without an overhead restraint . "  The result was comfortable and safe , and seven more have since opened -- Mack ca n't build them fast enough . " Europa Park , Europa-Park-Strasse 2 , Rust , Germany ; +49 7822 776688 Matterhorn Bobsleds , Disneyland  California , 1959 The foundation for this attraction is actually a pile of dirt that was excavated during the construction of the moat around Sleeping Beauty 's Castle -- a surprising start for what would become one of the world 's most famous theme park rides . "  This is the first tubular steel continuous track roller coaster , " says Tim O'Brien , vice president of communications at Ripley Entertainment . "  The tubular steel roller coaster is probably the biggest game changer in rides . It allowed for larger rides and for more variation , with sharper turns , sharper slopes , loops and corkscrews . " Disneyland , 1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714 781 4565 Journey to the Center of the Earth , Tokyo DisneySea  Tokyo , 2001 On Journey to the Center of the Earth , mushroom forests , electrified gas clouds and lava monsters all help transport riders to another dimension . "  In my opinion , this Jules Verne-inspired volcano dark ride is the world 's best themed experience , " says Stefan Zwanzger , theme park expert and founder of thethemeparkguy.com . "  Nothing beats it . It redefines the word ` immersiveness . ' "  It 's beautiful , it 's suspenseful and thrilling . I 've never seen anyone disembarking looking disappointed . " Tokyo DisneySea , 1-1 Maihama , Urayasu , Chiba Prefecture , Japan ; +81 45 330 5211 MORE : Child paradise , aka world 's largest Legoland Water Park , opens Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey , Islands of Adventure  Florida , 2010 Whether you 're a fan of the boy wizard or wish he 'd magic himself away to another planet , it 's hard not to be impressed by this high-tech ride . "  Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey was the first ride system to combine a tracked dark ride vehicle with a row of seats mounted to the end of an industrial robotic arm , " says Craig Hanna , chief creative officer at theme park design firm Thinkwell Group . "  The things that ride system could do with guests created the viewpoint that you are the camera in an astonishingly cinematic ride experience . " Islands of Adventure , 6000 Universal Blvd. , Universal Orlando Resort , Orlando , Florida ; +1 407 224 4233 MORE : Harry Potter theme park opening in Florida this summer Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln , Disneyland  California , 1964 A talking , moving character might not sound incredibly exciting but the animatronic Mr Lincoln character , which now forms part of the Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln audio-animatronic stage show , left audiences speechless when it first appeared . "  Mr. Lincoln , which was introduced by Disney at the 1964 New York World Fair , introduced the first generation of animated characters , " says Dennis L. Speigel , president of International Theme Park Services . "  People had n't seen anything like it -- they thought the animation was an actor in disguise . "  Mr. Lincoln launched a new era in theme park offerings . " Disneyland , 1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714 781 4565 The Racer , Kings Island  Ohio , 1972 This double , racing roller coaster is regarded as a crucial part of the renaissance of the roller coaster in the early 1970s -- a time referred to as the industry 's second golden age . "  This ride was introduced in 1972 and was the first wooden roller coaster built since 1947 , " says Speigel . "  It was a game changer for the global industry in that it was the reintroduction of the wooden roller coaster . "  Park operators came from all over the world to see it , and it truly launched the wooden coaster on a global basis . " Kings Island , 6300 Kings Island Drive , Kings Island , Ohio ; +1 513 754 5700 MORE : 11 top theme parks opening soon Walt Disney 's Enchanted Tiki Room , Disneyland  California , 1963 Talking macaws , Maori gods and a magic fountain are all vital components of the Polynesian-themed animatronic show . The fact that it remains one of Disneyland 's most popular attractions is impressive considering that it opened in 1963 . "  This was the world 's first use of audio animatronics , " explains Robert Niles , editor of ThemeParkInsider.com . "  It also employed the animated elements in a fully immersive environment that broke the fourth wall of the stage or screen , surrounding people in music and animation . " Disneyland , 1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714 781 4565 Adventure Thru Inner Space , Disneyland  California , 1967 Gone but not forgotten  it closed in 1985  , this retro theme park ride was the first to use Disney 's patented Omnimover system . "  The Omnimover ride system allowed ride designers , for the first time , to change the direction that riders were facing as they moved through the ride , " says Robert Niles at ThemeParkinsider.com . "  No longer did you simply face the ride vehicle in front of you . Vehicles could swivel to redirect attention to animation elements located on either side of passengers , giving designers more opportunities to shape an immersive narrative experience . " Disneyland , 1313 Disneyland Drive , Anaheim , California ; +1 714 781 4565 Pooh 's Hunny Hunt , Tokyo Disneyland  Tokyo , 2000 This ride does n't offer high speed thrills or frightening monsters -- unless you 've got a teddy bear phobia . It 's the way passengers move around in their super-sized honey pots that sets the ride apart . "  Pooh 's Hunny Hunt was a huge game changer because this was the first trackless ride and the first time ride designers were no longer forced to use a linear path , " says Craig Hanna at Thinkwell Group . "  The vehicles split in different directions , they dance , they pull into scenes and pause . "  I left that ride giddy at the possibilities . " Tokyo Disneyland , 1-1 Maihama , Urayasu , Chiba Prefecture , Japan ; +81 45 330 5211 MORE : Haw Par Villa : World 's most bizarre family park The Amazing Adventures of Spider-Man , Islands of Adventure  Florida , 1999 This ride took three years to build but it appears the effort was worthwhile -- it 's won several awards and has been awarded Amusement Today 's Golden Ticket award for best dark ride for 12 consecutive years . "  One real game changer is the Spider-Man ride system and its multimedia technology , " says Maximilian Roeser at Mack rides . "  The 3D effects are so highly detailed and synchronized to the movement of the cars that you hardly can tell what is projection and what is real set . " Islands of Adventure , 6000 Universal Blvd. , Universal Orlando Resort , Orlando , Florida ; +1 407 224 4233	It 's a Small World is still one of Disneyland 's most popular attractions Blue Fire at Europa Park in Germany is the first upside-down roller coaster without a restraint Pooh 's Hunny Hunt in Tokyo Disneyland freed designers from the restrictions of a linear track
TEMPE , Arizona  CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday turned a flap over his commencement speech at Arizona State University into a joke -- then a lesson about never being satisfied with one 's accomplishments . President Obama addresses the graduating class at Arizona State University on Wednesday . The university said last month that it would not be awarding Obama an honorary degree at the ceremony , saying that "  his body of work is yet to come . " Saying he wanted to address "  the little controversy everyone was talking about a few weeks back , " Obama said , "  we all learned an important lesson . " "  I learned to never again pick another team over the Sun Devils in my NCAA bracket , " he said , referring to the school 's basketball team . "  It wo n't happen again . " "  President -LSB- Michael -RSB- Crow and the board of regents will soon learn all about being audited by the IRS , " he joked . Watch Obama speak at ASU " The university said no offense was intended . The school eventually announced that it was expanding its most important scholarship program and naming it the President Barack Obama Scholars program . Obama said he did n't want to dispute the suggestion that he has n't achieved enough in life . "  I come to embrace it , to heartily concur , to affirm that one 's title -- even a title like president -- says very little about how well one 's life has been led , " he said . "  That no matter how much you 've done , or how successful you 've been , there 's always more to do , more to learn , more to achieve . " He called the milestone of graduating from college an important one but urged the graduating students to not rest on their laurels . "  Your body of work is yet to come , " he said . Obama urged the graduates to reject "  the greed and irresponsibility that rippled out from Wall Street and Washington , " contributing to the nation 's economic troubles . He urged them , instead , to pursue a "  bigger purpose " -- through service and a principled approach to their professions . "  That other stuff , the trappings of success may be a byproduct of this larger mission , but it ca n't be the central thing , " Obama said . "  Just ask Bernie Madoff . " He acknowledged that this year 's graduates will be entering the job market at an uncertain time , calling it both a challenge and a privilege . "  Because it is moments like these that force us to try harder , and dig deeper , and to discover gifts we never knew we had -- to find the greatness that lies within each of us , " Obama said . Wednesday 's address was the first commencement speech Obama has delivered since becoming president . He is scheduled to give the commencement address at Notre Dame University on May 17 . That speech also has stirred controversy , with some at the Catholic school protesting the invitation to Obama because of his stances on abortion rights and stem-cell research .	President Obama addresses graduating class at Arizona State University ASU declined to give him honorary degree because "  his body of work is yet to come " Obama jokes in speech that an IRS audit of school president , board forthcoming Lesson for grads : "  There 's always more to do , more to learn , more to achieve "
London  CNN  -- The election of Jorge Bergoglio as Pope Francis , head of the Catholic Church and spiritual leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics , has dominated CNN.com 's coverage over the past 24 hours . You can read all about the first Latin American pope here . But while all eyes were on the Vatican , watching for the white smoke that signalled the announcement , there was plenty going on elsewhere . Here are five stories you may have missed while you were getting to know the new pontiff . 1 . Xi Jinping was formally named as China 's new president , as part of the country 's once-in-a-decade leadership change . Xi , who took over as General Secretary of the Communist Party four months ago , replaces outgoing president Hu Jintao . Xi 's new role was rubber-stamped in a vote by 3,000 deputies at the National People 's Congress . China 's premier , Wen Jiabao , is also stepping down as part of the leadership overhaul ; he will be replaced by Li Keqiang . 2 . Israel 's Benjamin Netanyahu formed a new government following weeks of negotiations . Netanyahu and his conservative Likud Beitenu Party forged a coalition deal with centrists and ultra-conservatives , which excludes ultra-religious parties . The ultra-orthodox Shas Party will join the Labor Party on the opposition benches of the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , while former opposition leader and government minister Tzipi Livni makes a return to government , as the coalition 's Justice Minister . 3 . Plans to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and put it on public display like Lenin and Mao Zedong appear to have hit a snag , with acting president Nicolas Maduro admitting the process might be "  quite difficult . " Maduro reported that scientists had said "  the decision should have been taken much earlier , " though it is not clear why . He insisted , though , that Chavez , who died earlier this month after a battle with cancer , would always remain in the country 's collective memory . 4 . One of the leaders of Cambodia 's brutal Khmer Rouge died while on trial for war crimes at a U.N. tribunal . Ieng Sary , who served as foreign minister of the regime , was the brother-in-law of infamous dictator Pol Pot . Ieng Sary 's passing , at the age of 87 , leaves just two defendants facing judgment by the tribunal investigating the actions of the Khmer Rouge , which terrorized Cambodia in the 1970s , killing more than one million people . 5 . The bloated carcasses of 6,000 pigs were found in China 's Huangpu River , sparking health fears over contamination , after traces of porcine circovirus were found in a water sample . Sanitation workers , clad in masks and plastic suits , were called in to fish the bodies from the river , as Chinese state media reported that a farm had admitted dumping the dead pigs .	Xi Jinping formally named as China 's new president as part of once-in-a-decade change Israel 's Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition government excluding ultra-religious groups Plans to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez hit a snag Ieng Sary , one of the leaders of the Khmer Rouge , dies while on trial for war crimes
CNN  Robert Bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to "  work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the Special Olympics and Tulsa State Fair , " according to the Tulsa County Sheriff Office 's website . But Bates was n't limited to crowd control at sporting events for the disabled . He had taken part in more than 100 operations with the violent crimes task force , according to his lawyer . On April 2 , Bates thought he was going to use a Taser on Eric Harris , who deputies had just tackled after he sold an undercover officer a Lugar pistol and then took off running . But Bates was n't holding a Taser . He was holding his gun . He fired one shot and killed Harris . From a policing perspective , there was n't even good reason to use a Taser against Harris . Cops were on scene . Harris was n't getting the upper hand . He was n't going anywhere . And despite what Bates would later claim , Harris was not running like a man with a gun . In fact , Harris was running fast and his arms were pumping very much like a man who is not protecting a gun in his waistband . What was Bates , an insurance company CEO , doing there in the first place ? It certainly looks like Bates was given special access to "  real " policing . Harris had given $ 2,500 to Sheriff Stanley Glanz 's re-election campaign . He donated cars to the department . He gave equipment . So it would be noteworthy if Bates ends up being convicted based on evidence provided by "  sunglass cameras " that he may have purchased for the department . A Tulsa police official said the agency has 130 reserve deputies , many of them wealthy people who make donations to the police . "  That 's not unusual at all , " he told the Tulsa World . Maybe Bates could have been a reserve deputy without donating anything . But I doubt there are many volunteer septuagenarians working with the violent crimes task force . He was too old to be policing the streets . Tulsa police said that Bates had served a year in 1964 as a police officer . Most police departments have mandatory retirement ages . Federal law-enforcement officers , for instance , retire at 57 . How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser ? Police officers generally look with a skeptical eye toward volunteers . For one thing , it makes it tougher to push for a pay raise when people are offering to do your job for free . But departments also know that you get what you pay for . What is the point of background checks , psychological tests and the professional training police undergo if a person can donate a few grand and go out on patrol ? Some people are a little too eager to be police officers . These people perhaps buy a police-like car for their personal car . Maybe they put in a police light or two . Some have actually made car stops . Police departments hate cop impersonators  it 's illegal , by the way  and try and weed them during the hiring process . You want workers who like the job , but not too much ; there 's a fine line between passion and fanaticism . That said , there are good volunteer police officers . New York City , for example , has auxiliary police . These officers received more limited training and they help with neighborhood events and other nonenforcement activities . They wear an NYPD uniform but do not carry a gun . Auxiliary police and similar programs reinforce the notion that the police are the public and the public are the police . Volunteers remind us all that policing is a noble public calling , and most police work does not have to be done by overly militarized SWAT officers . An auxiliary program also allows young recruits a way to dip their foot into the police world before taking the plunge . It can be a great benefit to everybody when potential officers discover the job is n't for them before they are locked into a 20-year commitment . What happened in Tulsa County is a disgrace to police professionalism , and the fallout from this disaster may push police departments to end these kinds of programs . That would be a mistake . Police departments should encourage more productive interactions between police and the public . But a line does need to be drawn .	Peter Moskos : Reserve cop , 73 , meant to use a Taser on a man , but shot him dead instead . Why was a volunteer cop witha gun in a violent crimes unit ? He says the man may have bought his way in with donations to police . Cops are , and should be , wary of those a little too eager to be police Moskos : Right approach is unarmed auxiliary cops , like in NYC , volunteering as a way to connect public to police
Washington  CNN  -- Kathryn Bigelow , who made the Oscar-winning movie "  The Hurt Locker " on the Iraq war , is in the preliminary stages of making a movie about the killing of Osama bin Laden and has gotten access to top White House , Pentagon and CIA officials about the raid . That has Rep. Peter King , the Republican chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , demanding investigations by the Defense Department and CIA inspectors general into what , if any , classified information about special operations tactics , techniques and procedures were leaked to filmmakers . On Wednesday , the White House called King 's claims "  ridiculous . " "  When people , including you in this room , are working on articles , books , documentaries or movies that involve the president ask to speak to administration officials , we do our best to accommodate them to make sure the facts are correct , " Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . "  We do not discuss classified information , and I would hope as we face a continued threat from terrorism , the House Committee on Homeland Security would have more important topics to discuss than a movie . " Carney said the filmmakers have met with White House officials and that "  the information that this White House has provided about that mission has been focused on the president 's role . " "  There is no difference in the information that we have given to anybody that is working on this topic from what we gave to those of you in this room who worked on it in the days and weeks after the raid itself , " Carney said . "  Someone wrote out a statement for Jay Carney and he has no idea what he talking about , " King told CNN in an interview . Philip Strub , the Pentagon 's director of entertainment media , said he had had one meeting with Bigelow and her team about her movie since bin Laden was killed . That was a preliminary discussion involving Strub , the filmmakers and Michael Vickers , the undersecretary of defense for intelligence , that mostly involved the decision-making process in the Pentagon regarding the raid . "  We go to great lengths not to reveal classified information , " said Strub , whose main duty is as a liaison with Hollywood . Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said Bigelow 's team did have other meetings at the Defense Department that did not involve Strub , but they were ordinary script research meetings that the Pentagon provides to established filmmakers on a regular basis . One of the issues that King , R-New York , expressed concern about is that the movie would be released in October 2012 , just before President Barack Obama , who gave the order to raid bin Laden 's compound , will stand for re-election . The timing of the release three weeks before the election "  puts a cloud over the whole project " and is "  a breach of faith " with the military and intelligence community , King said . In a statement issued Wednesday , filmmakers Bigelow and Mark Boal denied any political motivation in a project that began years ago . "  Our upcoming film project about the decade-long pursuit of bin Laden has been in the works for many years and integrates the collective efforts of three administrations , including those of Presidents Clinton , Bush and Obama , as well as the cooperative strategies and implementation by the Department of Defense and the CIA , " the filmmakers said . "  Indeed , the dangerous work of finding the world 's most wanted man was carried out by individuals in the military and intelligence communities who put their lives at risk for the greater good without regard for political affiliation . This was an American triumph , both heroic and nonpartisan , and there is no basis to suggest that our film will represent this enormous victory otherwise , " the statement said . The CIA issued a statement about its role in helping moviemakers , saying such public outreach has gone on for years . "  Our goal is an accurate portrayal of the men and women of the CIA , their vital mission and the commitment to public service that defines them , " the CIA statement said . There was a CIA ceremony on June 29 in recognition of all those who assisted in the bin Laden raid , but the CIA would not say if any of the filmmakers were among the nearly 1,300 people in attendance .	NEW : GOP Rep. King calls the timing of film 's scheduled release "  a breach of faith " He seeks investigations into access given filmmakers The White House and Pentagon say no classified information was provided The filmmakers deny any political intent in the timing of the project
CNN  -- In the weeks leading up to the Super Bowl , Seattle Seahawks player Derrick Coleman Jr. probably expected an onslaught of encouragement from his fans . But one earnest letter from a young fan posted on Twitter stood out , prompting the Super Bowl-bound fullback to write his own heartfelt response . The letter-writer was identified as 9-year-old Riley Kovalcik , who is hearing impaired , according to CNN affiliate KOMO . Kovalick is from Roxbury , New Jersey . In a hand-written letter tweeted to the player , Kovalcik tells Coleman that she , like him , wears hearing aids . Her father tweeted the player a photo of the letter . Coleman is the first legally deaf offensive player in the NFL . "  Here are some things we have in comen -LSB- sic -RSB- , " Kovalcik wrote in the note , which her father posted online . "  I where -LSB- sic -RSB- two hearing aids . I love sports . " Kovalcik goes on to say that her identical twin sister also wears hearing aids , and wishes Coleman luck in the Super Bowl . "  Just try your best , " she wrote . Riley 's father , Jake Kovalcik , tweeted the letter to Coleman on Tuesday , accompanied by the message : "  You 've inspired my little girls in a way I never could . THANK YOU ! " The tweet quickly made the rounds on social media , spurring a hand-written response , which Coleman posted on Wednesday . "  Thanks for the letter , " Coleman wrote . "  Really was great hearing from a friend who I have so much in common with . I appreciate you rooting for the Seahawks and me and hope you continue to do so when we play in the Superbowl !!! " "  Even though we wear hearing aids , we can still accomplish our goals & dreams , " he wrote . In a CNN.com column in December , the fullback said that being deaf has "  made me who I am . " "  The struggle , pain , tears , happiness and joy has put me in the position where I am today , " he said .	Seahawks fullback Derrick Coleman Jr. is NFL 's first legally deaf offensive player With Super Bowl nearing , hearing-impaired girl sends message : "  Just try your best " Coleman tweets back to the 9-year-old "  Even though we wear hearing aids , we can still accomplish our goals & dreams "
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Iason Athanasiadis ' ordeal began at the airport , shortly after he checked in for his flight to leave Tehran . Iason Athanasiadis said he endured hours of questioning over several weeks in sound-proofed rooms by interrogators he could not see . "  I was heading to the gate , " the Greek-British journalist said . "  This guy materialized on my right . He said ` are you Iason Fowden ? ' -LSB- Athanasiadis ' passport name -RSB- . I said ` yeah that 's me . ' He said ` please step to the side ... you 're not going to be flying tonight . ' " It was an ominous introduction to Iran 's security apparatus . Athanasiadis spent the next 21 harrowing days in Iranian prisons , accused of espionage , subjected to interrogations and , on several occasions , beatings . The journalist , a freelance writer and gifted photographer who had been on assignment for the Washington Times newspaper at the time of his arrest , spoke to CNN by phone from his parents ' home in Athens Thursday , several days after an extraordinary international lobbying effort helped secure his release . Athanasiadis has extensive experience reporting in Iran . He also did graduate level academic work in Iran in 2004 , as part of a program sponsored in part by Iran 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The young freelance reporter realized he was in serious danger at the airport in Tehran on June 19 , when a half dozen plain-clothed security officers arrived and began leading him out of the building . The reporter resisted , and began yelling to crowds of nearby passengers that he was a journalist . "  I got kind of pulled kicking and screaming and getting punched behind an escalator , " Athanasiadis recounted . While being dragged outside to an unmarked car , the journalist said he managed to get the attention of a Western-looking woman waiting in the airport . To this day , Athanasiadis says he does not know the woman 's name . But he believes she was instrumental in helping spread the word of his detention . "  She was the best thing that happened to me that day , " Athanasiadis said . "  I just said ` I 'm a Greek reporter for the Washington Times . Please contact the Greek Embassy . ' And she ran after me with a note pad and pen and asked me to spell my name . " International human rights organizations estimate thousands of Iranians have gone missing , since the Iranian government launched its crackdown on opposition activists and journalists following the disputed June 12 presidential elections . Eyewitnesses in Tehran say many families are still struggling to determine the whereabouts and official status of their detained relatives . But in Athanasiadis ' case , the Greek Foreign Ministry announced it was working for the journalist 's release just days after his arrest . That night , Athanasiadis says security officers forced him to ride into Tehran from the airport , with his head buried in his lap . Later , when he tried to make a phone call from a police station in Tehran , Athanasiadis said security forces tackled him , threw him to the ground , beat him with a club and pepper-sprayed him . Eventually , they transferred him to Tehran 's notorious Evin prison , where he witnessed new Iranian prisoners being delivered by the busload to the prison gates . That is where the interrogation began . Dressed in a prison-issue uniform , Athanasiadis endured hours of questioning over the next several weeks in sound-proofed rooms where he was never allowed to see his interrogator . "  I just sat in one of these school desk situations , a chair with a desk extension , " he explained . "  I was told to face the wall ... and they sat behind me and they crooned into my ear . " On the second day of his incarceration , a prosecuting judge told Athanasiadis , a fluent Farsi speaker , that he was facing charges of espionage . Since incumbent president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner of the June 12 election , opposition candidates and their supporters have accused the Iranian government of falsifying election results . In response , the Iranian government has accused Western governments , particularly Britain , of organizing large protests in the streets of Tehran and other cities . "  The lesson I take from this is that the Iranians , " Athanasiadis said , "  have decided to start arresting foreigners . " Last May , an Iranian-American freelance journalist named Roxana Saberi , was released after being detained for four months on charges of espionage . This week , French President Nicolas Sarkozy demanded the release of 23-year old Clotilde Reiss , a French academic reportedly arrested last week on charges of spying . Meanwhile Maziar Bahari , an Iranian-Canadian who freelanced for Newsweek , is another prominent intellectual now sitting in an Iranian prison . According to the New York-based organization Committee to Protest Journalists , Iran is now the "  world 's top jailer of journalists , " with at least 30 reporters and bloggers in prison . Unfortunately , few of these prisoners enjoyed the international support that was rallied on behalf of Athanasiadis , said Michalis Kosmides , a Greek journalist and vice president of the Foreign Press Association in London . After learning of his colleague 's arrest , Kosmides launched a Facebook page titled "  Free Iason . " Meanwhile , the spiritual leader of the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew of Istanbul , also intervened . He sent a high-ranking cleric and a letter to the Iranian Consulate in Istanbul , to plead for Athanasiadis ' release "  on humanitarian grounds , " said Father John Chryssavgis , an adviser to the patriarch . "  Iran has separate nodes of power , " Kosmides said . "  The patriarch 's statement appealed to one node with religious sentiments . " Athanasiadis says the lowest point came 19 days after his arrest , when it appeared he would be released . "  They took me to the airport , the Greek ambassador met me with a ticket . We started heading towards the gates , then we suddenly veered off to the escalator , " the 30-year old journalist said . "  I promptly got re-arrested and spent this very strange night in a windowless room listening to bags thumping through the chutes and listening to departure announcements ... it was the most scary time . " It took another 24 hours of intense diplomacy led by Greek ambassador Nikolaos Garilidis before Athanasiadis finally flew safely out of Tehran . Throughout his ordeal and the countless accusations of spying , Athanasiadis said he realized one thing about his captors : they had never bothered to read any of the articles he has published over the years about Iran . "  I was shocked that they would arrest someone who had lived in Iran and had such a record of trying to introduce Iranian society to an outside audience . "	Iason Athanasiadis arrested at Tehran airport on June 19 Journalist had been on assignment for the Washington Times Spent the next 21 harrowing days in Iranian prisons accused of espionage Released after intense diplomatic effort by Greek government
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The Spanish government put the military in control of air space late Friday to get commercial jets flying again after a surprise air traffic controller strike stranded tens of thousands of travelers , the deputy prime minister announced . "  The prime minister has signed an order giving the Ministry of Defense control of air space in the whole nation until there are guarantees that  civilian  air traffic controllers will provide normal service , " Deputy Prime Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba announced in a nationally televised statement . He said the measure was taken because of the "  extraordinary circumstance of the closure of air space , provoked by the air traffic controllers " and added the government is acting in accord with "  the Constitution and existing legislation . " Many of the stranded passengers sent twitters or called in to newsrooms describing how they were stuck on planes on airport tarmacs . This included families with young children trying to set off on a vacation over the long holiday that continues in Spain through next Wednesday . CNN affiliate CNN + reported that military officers had moved to take control at towers at 10 airports before midnight . There are about 47 airports in Spain . The months-long dispute between the government and the air traffic controllers over conditions and pay reached a climax around 5 p.m.  11 a.m. ET  on Friday when controllers at airports in Madrid and Spain 's Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean walked off en masse . Just a few remained to guide a some remaining planes in the air toward safe landings , officials said . The wildcat strike soon spread to most airports across the nation , affecting hundreds of flights . The airport authority AENA estimated up to 250,000 people might be affected , including those at airports and those waiting to go on flights that would be delayed or canceled . AENA advised travelers to stay away from airports until they were sure their flights would take off . The prime minister 's Cabinet earlier Friday approved a measure regulating the controllers ' shifts and work conditions . In addition , the new rules allow the government to put the military in control of air space in case of a wildcat air controller strike . As the strike carried on late Friday , the government assessed whether controllers were showing up for the late shifts , a senior aide to Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero told CNN . When it was determined the controllers were not returning in significant numbers , except at Barcelona 's airport , Zapatero signed the order giving the military control , and the deputy prime minister announced it soon after . Many people holding tickets on the commercial flights scheduled for Friday afternoon and evening said they had little hope of getting out , since Saturday flights were expected to be fully booked for the long holiday . The government apologized for the inconvenience to travelers in repeated statements and added extra trains from the state-run railway , but not enough to handle everyone who was stranded at airports . CNN + reported the government was holding a crisis meeting over the walkout and leaders of the air traffic controllers union were headed to the meeting for talks with the government . At a news conference , AENA President Juan Ignacio Lema apologized to Spaniards for the disruptions . "  This irresponsible decision is provoking grave consequences across Spain , " he said . "  It could lead to firing and could be a crime under the criminal code for abandoning a post for unjustified reasons . " He called on controllers "  to immediately return to work and stop holding Spaniards as hostages . " Lema added that since many controllers had alleged medical reasons for leaving their posts , AENA was sending doctors to the airports to attempt to verify the medical conditions of those controllers . Concha Garcia Campoy , a Cuatro television show host and journalist , said she and her family were stuck aboard a plane on the tarmac at the Madrid airport . "  We entered the plane at 4:50 p.m. , " Garcia Campoy told CNN + by phone at 7 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  . "  We were going to London . The plane is full of families and children . "	NEW : The Spanish military is called in to replace striking air traffic controllers Air traffic controllers walk out after approval of a measure covering work conditions Millions of people are traveling on Spain 's long holiday weekend
CNN  -- In the age of digital audio , what does good old-fashioned radio still have to offer ? Teca Lima , the voice of RadarCultura , consults the Web site before talking into the mic . Plenty , according to the creators of RadarCultura , a community-based Web site and a daily three-hour AM radio program broadcast from Brazil 's São Paulo . "  Radio is ` now , ' " says 22-year-old Brazilian André Avorio , who implemented the Web site . " -LSB- Radio -RSB- is generally quick and live . This adds a special dynamic to the medium . Moreover , it is still one of the most popular means of mass communication in Brazil . Combining it with the power of the Internet can result in many new possibilities . " RadarCultura is an experimental project of the Padre Anchieta Foundation to promote public participation in audio-visual programming , eventually aiming to fuse its radio , television and Web programs into a single interactive , real-time platform . Like many online music sites , RadarCultura is always looking for new music and emerging talents , but its primary focus is to preserve the memory of the Brazilian repertoire by resurfacing classic , forgotten or unknown songs . The Padre Anchieta Foundation also happens to boast the biggest archive of Brazilian music in Brazil , including more than 15,000 songs dating from the 1920 's to the present . "  Making it easy to search through the vast archive of songs was an important feature since version one of the Web site , " says Avorio . Producer Alceu Maynard observes two types of RadarCultura members : "  There are people who listen to the show because they are fans of Brazilian music . There are others who like to produce the content on our site -- they collaborate actively with suggestions , playlists and all aspects of programming . " Meanwhile , RadarCultura team members Alceu , speaker Teca Lima and project manager Lia Rangel are busy podcasting interviews , moderating conversations , blogging , twittering and keeping the site relevant . Old media gets new blood True to its non-visual origin , RadarCultura 's Web site is strictly text-based , with icons that link to votes and streaming audio . And true to its Web-based platform , the site has adopted , and adapted , all Net-native systems for its daily operations . The site itself runs on the free Drupal content-management system , which allows content to rank and flow according to input and feedback from the site 's online community . Members who wish to contribute their own audio material to RadarCultura 's archive must either podcast it themselves first , or else they may upload it to the U.S.-based Archive.org to clear it of online rights . Given the quantity of music aired from the ever-expanding repertoire , copyright issues are the most common pretext to negotiation , most notably with ECAD , a privately owned civil society for the collection and distribution of copyright managed by 10 Brazilian music associations . Online , however , RadarCultura distributes the entirety of its streaming content under a Creative Commons license . The team has also been experimenting with the free CoveritLive software to enable live blogging , chatting and Twittering among audience , presenters and guests during its online coverage of radio and TV events , including the popular Roda Vivo TV show . RadarCultura 's first live event coverage in February 2008 was of Campus Party Brasil , a seven-day tech-fest that saw people camping out in tents with broadband cables while sharing ideas and technological innovations . In April 2008 , RadarCultura struck again with its live coverage of Virada Cultural , Brazil 's largest cultural event , including art performances and exhibits in the streets of São Paulo during 24 continuous hours , attracting some 4 million people . "  I came up with the idea of inviting the audience to report directly from the streets using their mobile phones , " says Avorio . "  A telephone system was installed , and the calls from the participants were automatically recorded . Our non-stop production team listened to every recording as they arrived and not only immediately published them online but geo-localized them on an interactive map of São Paulo . "  It was RadarCultura 's first truly collaborative coverage , as the audience produced most of the interviews and reviews , of not only the main attractions of Virada Cultural , but also the very obscure ones that otherwise would not be covered by the mainstream media . " Next : Music for the masses , on demand But still much remains to be done with RadarCultura 's original content -- music . "  Due to legal restrictions , it has been very difficult to exploit many of the possibilities previously imagined for the RadarCultura Web site , like listening online to playlists or to the thousands of songs in the archive , " Avorio reflects . "  Live radio has been a great success and will remain so for a long time , but it is now clear the value of on-demand content -- whenever you want it , wherever you are , on whatever device you have handy -- from the iPod to your mobile phone . " RadarCultura 's Web site not only introduces Brazilian music and culture to the international online community , it brings its programming well beyond the limited broadcasting range of the station 's native São Paulo to the rest of Brazil . In a nation notorious for violence rooted in social inequality , the democracy of the Web -- not unlike radio -- is a welcome new medium of communication . "  Certainly São Paulo is the most ` wired ' city in the country , but the Internet and the possibilities associated with it have reached the most distant towns , " says Avorio . "  It is amazing the value that such a technology delivers to a country in a fast development pace such as Brazil -- from education to more subtle ways of social inclusion . " For Gioconda Bordon , Padre Anchieta Foundation 's radio coordinator , RadarCultura 's most memorable moment took place on December 17 , 2008 , when the program celebrated its first anniversary . "  We had here in our studio the great composer Tom Zé , a very well-known musician , singing and talking live with a very young singer , Mallu Magalhães , a teenager , actually , " she recalls . "  The listeners were as happy as we were and , of course , as moved as the two artists were . It was a day in our history . "	RadarCultura is a daily 3-hour radio program and community Web site Its father foundation boasts the biggest archive of Brazilian music in Brazil Web site invites members to create playlists , vote on , suggest music for air RadarCultura also covers live culture and technology events
Since retiring he has been relaxing by building Lego models , but David Beckham is back in football -- and this time he 's got his very own team . Beckham , who retired from football in May 2013 , unveiled his new project Wednesday after confirming he will establish a Major League Soccer franchise in Miami , Florida . "  I want to create a team that is personal to me , " Beckham told reporters Wednesday . "  I know this city is ready for soccer , football , and this is going to be successful . " I know there was a team 10 years ago which folded . I wanted to create a team that can be very personal . "  I want to make it my own team . We are very excited , Miami is a vibrant city with a lot of passion . I am looking forward to spending a lot more time and my family being here . " When Beckham signed for Los Angeles Galaxy in 2007 , a clause was inserted into his contract which gave him the option to create a new MLS team for $ 25 million . The announcement , which was made at the Perez Art Museum in Miami , comes after months of speculation . The MLS , which will begin its 19th season on March 8 , currently features 19 clubs with teams in New York City and Orlando set to join the fray in 2015 . The League is expected to add three more franchises by 2020 , including Beckham 's . Beckham must wait to ensure his franchise meets the requirements over a stadium and financing before the MLS board can accept Miami as the league 's 22nd club . But the former England captain will is confident his new project will be a huge success and bring great reward for the city . "  There are a lot of things to do , nothing successful is easy in life , " he added . "  There will be more fun times than difficult times . We are going to have a lot of interesting people that want to invest in this club . "  When you have the right investors , with passion for the game , that is the place to start . "  We are making a soccer club that is going to loved by millions of people . We plan on this being a global team . " Beckham and his representatives have also confirmed they will fund the club 's new stadium privately and have held talks with Miami Mayor Carlos Gimenez . He said : "  We do n't want public funding . We will fund the stadium ourselves . "  It 's something we 've worked on very hard where we can fund it ourselves . "  The support we 've had so far has been incredible . We want to create a club which is the people 's football club . " In October 2013 , Beckham revealed his desire to set up a new franchise during a show broadcast live on Facebook to his 30 million followers . "  I 'm passionate about staying in football and being an owner of a team is something I 'm passionate about , " he said at the launch of his new book last year . The news of Beckham 's project was revealed in more detail last November when NBA star LeBron James confirmed he was teaming up with the former England football captain . James , who plays basketball with the Miami Heat , said preliminary talks were underway and was keen to be involved in the venture . "  David has become a good friend of mine over the last few years , and I think it would be great for this city to have a football club for sure . There 's interest on both sides . It 's preliminary talks but there is some open dialogue , " James said last November . If a partnership is agreed it would be James 's second investment in the sport -- the 28-year-old is already a minority shareholder in English Premier League team Liverpool . "  I 've grown a great interest in watching the game ... it 's a pretty intense sport and my kids love it as well . I 've grown to the point where I know exactly what 's going on when I 'm watching the game . " What sports capitalism can teach us about real world fair play	David Beckham has confirmed he will form new MLS franchise Franchise will be in Miami , Florida Beckham enjoyed stellar playing career in Europe and U.S. NBA star LeBron James also involved with project
CNN  -- More than 2,000 students in Southern California laid 65 miles of pennies on a speedway track Thursday in an attempt to set a world record and help schools in the area . Mason Gonzalez is ready with pennies . Dodgers tickets were prizes for collecting the most pennies . THINK  Teaching , Helping , Inspiring & Nurturing Kids  Together did n't meet its original goal of laying out 100 miles of pennies at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana , California , but group spokeswoman Nadia Flores said the group is happy with the results . "  We raised twice what we were able to lay down , " she said . "  I think the energy and the vibe from having so many kids and volunteers present made it really fun . " Flores said the group ran out of time in its attempt to get all 100 miles laid out , but she added that they 're confident they have the record anyway . Guinness World Records , which would certify the record , said Thursday it had not yet received documentation from the group . The current record for pennies laid out is 40 miles . The money -- about $ 84,500 -- will go to the nonprofit program that provides free after-school care for students at more than 200 elementary and middle schools in at-risk communities in four California counties -- Orange , Los Angeles , Riverside and San Bernardino . Flores said the idea for "  Miles of Change " came after group members saw students at a school in Kansas make a 40-mile chain of pennies in July 2008 to set the world record . Flores said her group , based in Santa Ana , California , wanted a program that would unite the counties involved -- and set a record . The pennies were collected by 35,000 students in the after-school program and were laid in loops around the two-mile track in Fontana , California . Flores said every penny must be touching the next penny in order to qualify for the Guinness world record . Documentation will include aerial photos , she said . Each student took home tubes to collect the pennies . Students who collected the most got tickets to future Los Angeles Dodgers games , Flores said . The effort also is meant to honor Abraham Lincoln 's 200th birthday and the 100th anniversary of the introduction of the Lincoln penny .	Southern California students want to break 40-mile world record set in Kansas $ 84,500 collected will go to program that provides free after-school care More than 2,000 kids lay out loops at speedway track Guinness World Records will verify if record was set
A small town in Wisconsin is a far cry from the civil war-ravaged fields of northern Syria . But for Jordan Matson , a former U.S. solider , the battlefield feels most like home . For the last month , Matson , 28 , has been a volunteer fighter in the Kurdish militia known here as the People 's Protection Units , or YPG . The group has been defending three small Kurdish statelets in northern Syria . The Kurdish militants have also spent much of the last year battling ISIS , the hardline jihadist group that wants to create an Islamic state across parts of Iraq and Syria . "  Due to two years of almost no foreign policy in the region -- while these people threatened American citizens , and bring harm to us -- I think I decided enough was enough , and I decided to come out this way , " Matson said . He saw the fall of Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , as a turning point . "  All of the American brothers that have died over there -- all the American veterans that have died over there -- and paid their lives for that country so they could have a democracy . That just resonated in my mind . And I could n't live with myself letting that country fall , and all my brothers ' lives be for nothing , " Matson said . But instead of ending up in Iraq , Matson joined the YPG in Syria . It marked a dramatic turn for the former soldier . During more than two years in the U.S. military , Matson says , he never saw combat , nor was he shipped overseas to serve . In Syria , he saw action almost as soon as he arrived . Two days after reaching the Kurdish enclave known as Rojava , he says , he was hit by a mortar round during a firefight with ISIS . Now mostly recovered from shrapnel wounds , but still squinting occasionally from the wounds caused by the dirt that the mortar shell sprayed in his eye , Matson met CNN in the YPG-controlled town of Al-Malikiyah . "  All my life , I 've wanted to be a soldier . So it just fits well over here , " he said . "  I 'm at peace being here . " ` Taking the fight to the enemy ' Matson is from Sturtevant , Wisconsin , a "  mom and pop town " as he described it , with just a few restaurants and three gas stations . He worked the third shift at a food packaging company but missed military life . Matson said he was honorably discharged from the U.S. Army in 2007 . Because of problems with his record , he says the military refused to take him back , despite his multiple efforts to re-enlist . "  Civilian life just was n't for me . The normal 9-to-5 , I just was n't comfortable with it , " he said . "  Over here , everything makes sense . " Matson got in contact with the YPG on Facebook . He prayed about what to do for a month or two , he said , before making the leap . He flew to Turkey , where he was picked up and taken to Rojava , a Kurdish-controlled area of northern Syria . Matson misses a few things about the United States : hamburgers , toilets , rock 'n' roll . But he would n't change where he is for anything . He speaks about the Kurdish movement with the fervor of a recent convert . "  It 's for these people that I 'm doing this . Yes , it does help Americans back home , because we 're taking the fight to the enemy here , so they ca n't take it to us . So it 's that to a degree . But , for me , it 's for the Kurdish people , " Matson said . U.S. airdrops give much needed aid in Kobani , but did ISIS get some ? Foreign fighters U.S. law enforcement officials say it 's illegal for an American to join a Syrian militia , just as it is for an American to join ISIS . According to intelligence estimates , more than 100 of the foreign fighters for ISIS in Syria have come from the United States . Canadian authorities believe that 130 Canadian citizens are taking part in jihad . Hundreds more have traveled from Europe . Thousands come from the Middle East and Africa . When asked whether he saw any parallels between those foreign jihadi fighters and himself , Matson said there 's nothing he can do to change their minds . "  They 've come here to push an agenda , to push one way of life over people who do not want it . And I will not sit and stand by while people like that take those actions , " he said . He says he believes the U.S. government is watching what he does , but will not consider him a terrorist , nor deny him re-entry . If that happens , however , Matson says he could just stay in Kurdistan . "  Once this fight is over , and ISIS has been crippled , then the next stage of my life , then I 'll think about that , " he said . After the rescue : A Yazidi family 's harrowing flight to escape ISIS ` Someone has to do it ' Since recovering from his wounds , Matson has been working to bring other foreign fighters to Syria . He says he 's recruiting for the YPG on social media . Most of the people interested are former military , he said . "  I 've had ex-military ask from Eastern Europe , Western Europe , Canada , the United States , Australia , you name it . They 've been asking . ISIS has threatened all these countries that I 've named to push their agenda in those nations , and the veterans of those nations who love their countries do n't want to sit by while this is happening , " he said . The YPG are lightly armed guerrilla fighters . Most lack helmets and armor . They rely heavily on Kalashnikov assault rifles . But their ranks have also been reinforced by Kurds from Turkey , many of whom are veterans of a 30-year guerrilla war fought between the Turkish state and a sister organization to the YPG known as the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . The U.S. , the European Union and Turkey officially list the PKK as a terrorist organization . The bloodbath in the Middle East has blurred loyalties . This month , the United States began providing air support to YPG fighters defending the Syrian border town of Kobani from an ISIS siege . In addition to bombing ISIS militants in and around Kobani , U.S. military planes parachuted weapons , ammunition and medicine to YPG fighters , infuriating the Turkish government . Matson said the YPG could use more support on the ground , in addition to ongoing U.S.-led airstrikes . Although those strikes , he said , have helped to shift the balance of power on the battlefield , he stressed that a lot more needs to be done . As soon as he can , he says , he 'll head back to the front line . "  The way I look at it is someone has to do it , and if we do n't fight , ISIS will grow -- will become more well-funded -- and they will push their agenda . So we need men on the front to take the fight to the enemy before the enemy can take the fight to us , " Matson said .	Jordan Matson , a former U.S. Army solider , is fighting against ISIS He was never in combat during two years in the U.S. military "  Civilian life just was n't for me , " he says U.S. law enforcement officials say it 's illegal for an American to join a Syrian militia
Below is an essay written by Steven Stanton 's son Travis after he learned that his father was going to become a woman . The story of his father 's transformation can be seen on "  Her Name Was Steven " at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN . Throughout my whole life , I thought my dad was a really tough guy . He went out with the cops and busted bad guys . He shot guns , fought fires , he was an aggressive driver , and he liked football and lots of sports . Then , one day my thoughts changed about him when we had a family meeting and he told me how he felt about himself . He said he felt like a woman on the inside and was going to change into one . He said he tried his best to be a manly guy , but he could n't stop his feelings to become a girl . I was very surprised to hear this . At first , I thought I was in a dream . It was very hard to believe such a thing . I thought he was a 100 % manly man , like more manly than most guys . After a few days , I thought about it . I knew he was making the right choice to become a girl . Although I ca n't relate to his feelings , it must be really hard to hide something like that . It would be like having one million dollars and not being able to spend it . After just so long , your feelings would take over and spend it . Now , though , I am very proud of my dad . Read Travis ' response to some viewer questions about his father After I saw him , and saw that inside he was the same dad as he always was : he still likes football , he still likes to be an aggressive driver . He is still the same person , but just different on the outside . I am very happy for him now that he is who he wants to be . I think that everyone should be who they are and not try to be the same as other people . If you ask me , this has got to be the manliest thing he has done in his whole life . It takes a real man to come out of your shell and say , "  hey , I am who I am " and take the responsibility of doing that . In conclusion , I thought my dad was a man , like , gender wise , but now he is who he is meant to be . He is himself .	Travis Stanton is son of Susan Stanton , who underwent sex-change operation Travis says he 's happy for his father Watch "  Her Name Was Steven " at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN
CNN  He may have worked with world leaders , but now Nigerian billionaire investor Tony Elumelu is focusing on those yet to turn their business dream into reality . The chairman of pan-African investment company Heirs Holdings Limited has pledged $ 100 million to find and support 10,000 entrepreneurs throughout Africa . Launched earlier this week , the Tony Elumelu Foundation Entrepreneurship Program  TEEP  wants to help find and grow businesses who will contribute $ 10 billion in revenue across Africa over the next 10 years . "  I have always sought ways to help inspire a generation across our continent , " said Elumelu . " -LSB- It is -RSB- my fundamental belief that entrepreneurs -- women and men across Africa -- will lead Africa 's development and transform our futures . " Driving entrepreneurship It is this belief that led Elumelu to coin the term "  Africapitalism " -- an economic philosophy "  that the African private sector has the power to transform the continent through long-term investments , creating both economic prosperity and social wealth . " Entries are open to entrepreneurs from all 54 African countries and applications will be accepted in English , French and Portuguese . These will be reviewed by a panel of judges , tasked with selecting the 1,000 most promising startups each year . The chosen entrepreneurs will be given seed funding and 12 weeks of business skills training . They will also be put through their paces at an entrepreneurship "  boot camp . " Among the judges are Ayodeji Adewunmi , the co-founder of the popular Nigerian job search site Jobberman , Opunimi Akinkugbe , CEO of African board game company Bestman Games , and Monica Musonda , chief executive Zambia-based Java Food . As well as these business names , the initiative is also collaborating with big hitters from other sectors , like Vera Songwe , the World Bank country director for Senegal , Cape Verde , the Gambia , Guinea-Bissau and Mauritania . "  We must strive for entrepreneurial innovation in Africa , " says Songwe , "  and my participation in this program further promotes the World Bank Group 's push for entrepreneur-led global development . " Africa brimming with entrepreneurs The initiative 's goal to nurture 1,000 entrepreneurs every year for a decade may sound ambitious , but research reveals Africa is a hotbed of entrepreneurial spirit . According to research conducted in 2012 by the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor , over 80 % of people in Nigeria and Uganda see opportunities for starting businesses . And across the continent , 53 % of people intend to pursue a business in the next three years . In Angola , Botswana , Malawi and Uganda that figure is 70 % . Crucially , however , the continent is also experiencing high discontinuation rates as many entrepreneurs abandon their efforts after failing to make profits . "  African entrepreneurs have ideas , they have products but they do n't have support , " says technologist Marieme Jamme , a Davos Young Global leader and CEO of SpotOne Global Solutions . "  Mentorship for entrepreneurs in Africa is the key , " she continues , calling for governments to improve educational efforts work with the private sector to create new markets for entrepreneurs . "  There is not enough funding available despite that we have lots of money in Africa and billionaires , " adds Jamme . "  Some people are ready to fund amazing and bright ideas , like Tony Elumelu , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves here -- we have great challenges on quality control . We need good products , locally designed by Africans for Africans and global markets . " Read this : 12 brilliant entrepreneurs under 22 Read this : Africa is buzzing with entrepreneurial spirit More from African Start-Up	The Tony Elumelu Foundation Entrepreneurship Program plans to support 10,000 entrepreneurs throughout Africa Selected entrepreneurs will receive seed funding and mentoring 80 % of people in Nigeria and Uganda see opportunities for starting businesses The initiative is the largest African philanthropic gift aimed at boosting the continent 's entrepreneurs
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  The desks of the small Madrassa are empty . Its 573 students , all male , are staying home after Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week 's deadly attack at a nearby university . Only a few kilometers away , 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus in Garissa , a town in northeastern Kenya . We 've come to this particular Islamic religious school because the man suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "  mastermind " behind the atrocity -- Mohamed Mohamud -- once taught here . "  He was someone who was very quiet , he did n't like too much talk , " recalls Sheikh Khalif Abdi Hussein , the principal at the Madrassa . He says he also taught with Mohamud for two years . "  When he left the Madrassa , he joined Al-Shabaab . But before , he was normal , just like me and other people . " What worries authorities here is exactly that -- Mohamud was Kenyan . But now , say officials , Mohamud is in command of an Al-Shabaab militia based near Kenya 's long , porous border with Somalia -- about 118 miles  190km  from Garissa -- who are believed to be responsible for numerous cross-border attacks into Kenya . The Islamist militant group , who are allied with al Qaeda , have been waging a bloody campaign for control of Somalia . With Kenyan troops part of an African Union force deployed in support of Somalia 's United Nations-supported government , Kenya has now become a target . Last year , an attack by Al-Shabaab on a shopping center in the country 's capital , Nairobi , claimed the lives of 68 people . Now Mohamud stands accused of being behind Thursday 's attack -- the deadliest attack in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 people at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in 1998 . But Mohamud is not Kenya 's only homegrown terrorist . The Kenyan Interior Ministry has said at least one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack on the university was also Kenyan . Abdirahim Abdullahi was in his 20s and the son of a government chief . His father says he lost contact with his son in 2013 , shortly after he left university . The Kenyan government is concerned that Al-Shabaab is recruiting disaffected youth from inside the country . "  Our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities , " President Kenyatta said during an address to the nation in the aftermath of the massacre . Meanwhile , Sheikh Khalif insists his Madrassa has nothing to do with Mohamud 's extreme , violent ideas . "  This man is a dangerous man , a killer , a criminal , " he says . But he was also once a neighbor . And so Kenyans must now look within to tackle this very real threat to the country 's -- and the region 's -- stability .	The attack at a Garissa university last week killed 147 people , mostly students Mohamed Mohamud taught at a Madrassa in the Kenyan town Authorities fear the rise of homegrown terrorists in the African country
CNN  -- At Timothy Busfield and Melissa Gilbert 's Wednesday wedding , the bride wore red . Strapless red , to be exact . The former "  Little House on the Prairie " actress tied the knot with "  thirtysomething 's " Busfield in a private ceremony , Gilbert 's rep told CNN . The couple held the joyous occasion at San Ysidro Ranch in Santa Barbara . According to People , Gilbert , 48 , and Busfield , 55 , got engaged over the holidays . Another source whispered to E! News that Busfield and Gilbert have known each other "  for quite some time , as their paths have crossed off-and-on over the past 20 years . " This is the third marriage for both newlyweds . Busfield has three children from prior relationships , whereas Gilbert 's a mom of two . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Melissa Gilbert married Timothy Busfield Wednesday The couple had a private ceremony at San Ysidro Ranch in Santa Barbara Gilbert and Busfield reportedly got engaged over the holidays This is the third marriage for both
CNN  -- As a child , I thought growing up in a slum near a dumpsite in the Philippines was as normal a life as an ordinary kid can have -- until I mingled with people from different social classes . The feeling of being unwanted tore my heart out , and I grew to feel so sorry for myself . I was looked down upon and discriminated against because of my appearance in cheap secondhand clothes and old shoes . I wore the same pair of shoes for more than 10 years , lining the sole with a plastic bag so the water would n't seep into my feet . Because of the way I looked , I was often bullied by gang members verbally and at times physically , with others hitting and shoving me . I felt different , powerless and socially isolated . Watch a preview of the 2010 CNN Heroes All-Star Tribute I was then focused on one thing : revenge ! I kept those feelings to myself and it consumed me little by little , until my heart grew cold and I wanted to give up everything . I almost quit school because I was afraid . I thought of joining a gang to strike back at the bullies . I was lost , troubled and crying my heart out but nobody heard , no one seemed to care . I got so lost that I could n't even find my way back to peace and happiness until God answered the desire of my heart . I was 13 when I met a man who became my friend , mentor , teacher and somewhat like a father . He helped me pick up the broken pieces of my life , which eventually healed my broken spirit . That mentor guided me and helped me change my perspective about a lot of things . He taught me that the quality of life is more dependent on our perspective than our circumstances , that the value of being is more dependent on our character than on our achievements -- and that the worth of our existence is more dependent on how we live life than on how long we survive . My mentor taught me that if I struck back with revenge against those who harmed and threatened me , it would just worsen my situation . So he introduced me to several volunteer activities , from distributing sandwiches to prisoners to building houses for less fortunate families to working in youth empowerment programs . I felt good about what I did , especially when people appreciated those small efforts . During those moments , I discovered my responsibility to other people and I slowly developed a heart that has a desire to help and reach out to those who are being bullied and discriminated against . My mentor encouraged me to think of a positive way to get back at those who bullied and put me down , not by violence but by competition . At 16 , he helped me and my friends create Dynamic Teen Company as an alternative club for students on campus and in communities , a way to stop bullies and school gangsters from victimizing and terrorizing more students . Our main purpose is the exact opposite of that of the bullies and gang groups -- to care , show love and acceptance by making a small yet significant difference in school , in our family , toward our friends and the people around us , and to use our time , skills , talents , strength and energy in more productive activities . Our goal was to show that that there is strength in numbers and that goodness should triumph over wrongdoing . Our crusade against the acts of bullies and gang groups has reached the slums and depressed areas in our town , where many kids are groomed and trained as early as 9 years old to become a gangster . We were able to save children from this fate and help them become an asset to build a better community . We put an emphasis on using education and faith to help every child to have a better and decent life . This has become our mission . There are plenty of kids all over the world who are going through the same things as I did . And , even though we may feel helpless sometimes , there are a lot of things we and others can do to help stop bullying and gang violence . The role of adults , parents and mentors makes a big difference in combating this issue . Children must be loved , protected and given proper guidance . Good old family values should be strengthened . Education and learning is not the sole responsibility of the school , but a concern of the family and society as well . Love for learning will open new doors of opportunities to everyone . We should remember that all adults are in some ways teachers to children who watch us and copy our beliefs , acts and lifestyle . We want to create an environment where children can express themselves in a conduct that is loving , accepting and respecting of others , so that they may grow up to be assets and not liabilities to society . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Efren Peñaflorida .	Efren Peñaflorida : I was bullied as a child in the Philippines He says he wanted to strike back against the gangs bullying him A mentor convinced him education , not revenge , was the answer Peñaflorida 's work has saved hundreds from lives of despair
EW.com  -- DirecTV is doubling down on scripted television : The satellite service provider announced today that it has ordered 10 episodes of "  Full Circle " from filmmaker and playwright Neil LaBute , making his TV debut . The series "  examines the human condition and relationships through a series of conversations between 11 people whose lives , unbeknownst to them , are intertwined , " according to a press release . It continues : "  Full Circle is a modern day La Ronde meets My Dinner with Andre as it explores the nature of human contact and true togetherness in our current technology-driven world . " EW : ` Awkward . ' : Beau Mirchoff , Molly Tarlov tease teaming up LaBute will serve as writer and co-exec producer on the series . Nick Hamm , the producer/director behind DirecTV 's Rogue , will exec-produce/direct Full Circle . "  In dissecting how closely connected we all are , Full Circle will take viewers on a journey that will traverse the full range of human emotion . I know the series will flourish under the stewardship of Neil and Nick Hamm , " said DirecTV Senior VP Chris Long . EW : ` All My Children ' : See the soap 's first Online Network teaser -- VIDEO LaBute 's prolific stage career â $ " including In The Company of Men , The Shape of Things , and reasons to be pretty â $ " is matched by his work in film , where he has often adapted his own plays or adapted previous works in a new style , such as 2006 's "  The Wicker Man " and 2010 's "  Death at a Funeral . " Most recently , LaBute adapted his "  Some Girl  s  " for the screen , starring Adam Brody . EW 's Laura Hertzfeld wrote , " -LSB- It -RSB- has all the classic elements of a LaBute film â $ " the intimacy of a play , loads of dark humor , and a manipulative protagonist . " Production on "  Full Circle " will start this summer in L.A. with a premiere planned for this fall . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	DirecTV has ordered 10 episodes of "  Full Circle " Filmmaker LaBute will serve as writer and co-exec producer on the series Production will start this summer
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- With record water levels poised to inundate the North Dakota town of Minot , the mayor and the state 's governor congratulated citizens on an organized and efficient evacuation "  It 's been a very orderly process , " Mayor Curt Zimbelman said Wednesday of the evacuation process . Gov. Jack Dalrymple said it had "  gone extremely well . " Earlier Wednesday , sirens sounded in Minot , urging residents to abandon their homes in the face of major flooding . Water is already overtopping the city 's dikes , which are leaking in some places . There are roughly 12,000 people in the evacuation zone in and around Minot . Zimbelman and Dalrymple warned that more water than expected is headed toward the town , and it will likely arrive sooner than expected . The Souris River is expected to crest on Monday , two to three days earlier than had been forecast . Zimbelman said the river is expected to rise to a level five feet higher than any previously recorded . Residents were given until Wednesday evening to evacuate because of what state emergency services spokeswoman Cecily Fong called "  historic proportions of water . " There are also concerns the Souris River may be rising more rapidly than expected , Fong said . The National Weather Service predicted record flooding as heavy rains and dam releases cause the river to swell at Minot . Minot got some support from a hometown hero who was halfway around the world . Actor Josh Duhamel , in Moscow for the "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon " premiere , asked for donations to the local Red Cross . "  My heart goes out to all the incredible people of Minot & surrounding areas , " Duhamel said on his Twitter account . The Souris River , which locals call "  The Mouse " after the French translation of its name , flows through the center of town , and there are several homes and businesses along its low-lying banks . Fearing the main levees would not hold back the water , emergency workers have been constructing local levees around a school and the Broadway Street Bridge , a main thoroughfare . Residents appear to be heeding evacuation warnings . In a sign they 're taking the flooding seriously , some residents were pulling up carpets because they are easier to remove now than after their homes have been inundated with water . Not everyone , however , was planning to evacuate . Troy Erickson , 44 , lives across the street from the perimeter of the evacuation zone and said he plans to ride out the flood . His neighbor has a bucket loader and they have distributed several loads of sand and gravel around four houses , which are home to 13 people , he said . They have "  lowered a couple hundred sandbags " on top of the mixture , he said . "  We 've got more sandbags coming to have just in case we need to build it higher , " said Erickson , a lifelong North Dakotan . "  It if happens , it happens . " He said he is "  a little bit " frightened because he 's never been in this situation , though he was a toddler during the flood of 1969 . Minot , in the north central part of the state , is the fourth-largest city in North Dakota . The evacuation order covers a third of its population , Fong said . Residents have until 6 p.m. Wednesday to leave . The river at Minot , which currently stands at close to 1,555 feet above sea level , is forecast to rise to 1,559 feet on Friday or Saturday -- which would be a record . The river hit 1,558 feet above sea level in 1881 . The Souris River looks like a "  U. " It swoops in and out of North Dakota from Canada . CNN 's Richard Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Actor Josh Duhamel , who is from Minot , appeals for public 's help Officials warn that river crest will come sooner and be higher than expected City mayor and state governor congratulate residents on smooth evacuation Evacuation orders cover a third of the Minot area 's population
CNN  -- In a rare interview with an American television network , Syria 's embattled President Bashar al-Assad denied he is responsible for the violence engulfing his country and distanced himself from the behavior of his armed forces . "  They are not my forces , " al-Assad told ABC 's Barbara Walters in an interview that was broadcast Wednesday . He was responding to a question about whether he thought his forces had cracked down too hard on protesters over the past nine months . "  They are forces for the government . I do n't own them . I 'm president . I do n't own the country . So they are not my forces . " Would n't al-Assad , the commander in chief , have had to give the order for any military actions ? "  No , no no , " he said . Not by your command ? "  No , " he said , "  on no one 's command . There was no command to kill or to be brutal . " Al-Assad said those members of the armed forces who "  went too far " have been disciplined . "  Every ` brute reaction ' was by an individual , not by an institution , that 's what you have to know , " he said in the interview . "  There is a difference between having a policy to crack down and between having some mistakes committed by some officials . There is a big difference . " "  We do n't kill , " al-Assad said . "  It 's impossible for anyone in this state to give orders to kill . " "  No government in the world kills its people , unless it 's led by a crazy person , " al-Assad said . Defections continued Wednesday from al-Assad 's forces , some of whom rose up against the regime in a counterattack in Idlib province , near the Turkish border , according to the opposition Free Syria Army , which said it had seized and destroyed a number of military vehicles , including three tanks . Two al-Assad soldiers were killed and more than 50 were wounded , it said . Instability and violence have been raging in Syria since mid-March , when the al-Assad regime responded brutally to peaceful protests . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , citing 4,000 deaths in Syria , told CNN he thought al-Assad had gone too far and pledged that the world body was prepared to help . "  It is important , first of all , that he stops killing people , and he engage immediately with all political forces and their own people , including opposition to find a way out , so that all the people of Syrians can enjoy genuine freedom and democracy . " Reports and images of violence have led powers such as the Arab League , Turkey , the United States and the European Union to impose sanctions against the regime . A U.N. report said the security and military forces have committed crimes against humanity , and several observers , including U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay , have urged the International Criminal Court to take up the issue . Despite international outrage , violence continues as deaths have mounted . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group that organizes and documents protests , said at least 16 people were killed Wednesday by security forces . CNN is unable to verify the reports because Syrian officials have restricted access to the country by reporters . While activist groups blame Syria 's military and security for deadly violence , Syrian officials have said they are battling "  armed terrorist gangs " that target civilians . Al-Assad says that most of the people killed , including 1,100 soldiers and police , have been government backers . Yasser Tabbara , a Syrian-American activist with the opposition Syrian National Council , said al-Assad 's denial that he controls the army -- despite the fact that he is Syria 's commander in chief -- "  signals that he is prepping himself for a defense in case of a criminal indictment . " Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert with the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , told CNN , "  The interview clearly shows , we 've actually known this for a while ... this is a man who is just on another planet . He 's just in denial of reality . This is the challenge . We 've been trying to devise a strategy that deals with him as a rational player . " "  It 's now clear he is a madman in complete denial of the situation in Syria , as thousands of videos and journalist reports clearly demonstrate . The question is : What is the most efficient way for the Syrian people and the international community to deal with such a madman ? " Mark Toner , State Department deputy spokesman , said he finds it "  ludicrous that he is attempting to hide behind some sort of shell game , but also some sort of claim that he does n't exercise authority in his own country . " National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said , "  The increase in death and body counts this month highlights that the Syrian government relies increasingly on its security and military apparatus as its only solution in the face of increasing isolation at home and overseas . " Syria is among the Middle Eastern and North African countries wracked by the "  Arab Spring " demonstrations that arose after the revolt that toppled Tunisia 's longtime strongman in January . Subsequent uprisings ousted two of the region 's longtime autocrats , Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and Moammar Gadhafi in Libya , and Yemen 's Ali Abdullah Saleh has agreed to step down by February . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Robyn Curnow , Hamdi Alkhshali , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	The White House says al-Assad 's comments not "  credible " El-Araby raises specter of sectarian strife Al-Assad : A government that would kill its people is "  led by a crazy person " One Syria expert calls al-Assad a "  madman "
CNN  -- Jennifer L. Scott arrived in France as a California girl , but she returned home as a Parisienne . As a foreign exchange student in college , she spent six months living with a family in Paris : an elegant couple she dubbed Madame and Monsieur Chic . Scott observed them carefully , took part in their everyday rituals and delighted in the experience . "  Before I lived in Paris , I would go through life on autopilot , " said Scott , who writes The Daily Connoisseur blog and is the author of the new book , "  Lessons from Madame Chic : The Top 20 Things I Learned While Living in Paris . " "  Paris taught me not how to just exist , but to thrive and make every small moment meaningful . " Here are five of the lessons Scott learned in the "  City of Light . " 1 . Live a passionate life Scott noticed that Parisians often turned mundane aspects of everyday life into something special . "  For example , every night after dinner we would have a cheese course and every night we would have Camembert because it was Monsieur Chic 's favorite cheese . And every night without exception , before we cut a slice of Camembert for everyone , he would proclaim it to be the ` Roi du fromage ' -- or the king of all cheeses , " Scott recalled . "  He did it with passion . They turn the smallest things , the smallest rituals and they make them passionate events . " Dinnertime was a great example because every night of the week , whether it was a Wednesday or a Friday , it would be an experience that included a three-course meal and lively conversation , Scott said . Afterward , the family would listen to classical music . "  They never sat in front of the television with a box of pizza and zoned out , never , " Scott said . The joys of slowly savoring Paris 2 . Cultivate an air of mystery Scott thinks the French get a bad rap for coming across as cold and aloof when they 're simply very picky about who they open up to and how much they reveal about themselves . "  I think we can learn a lot from this , " Scott said . "  I would attend at least two dinner parties a week when I was there ... and I would n't really  know a lot about  the guests . I would n't know what they did for a living , but yet I would know the best book they read recently or the most interesting film they saw or the art exhibit that they went to . They loved to discuss these areas of life but they do n't overshare details about their personal lives . " It 's considered rude in France to ask someone what they do for a living , Scott said , so when she returned to the United States she stopped asking new acquaintances this question and liked the way it fueled her wonder about them . She also discovered that staying mum can be "  delicious . " "  Being OK with silence is important . I think a lot of people are afraid of silence in conversations , I know I am , " Scott said . "  French people are very OK with silence . You can see this in a lot of French films -- there 's lots of silent pauses in French films that you do n't get in American films . " 3 . Look presentable always Madame Chic would n't even go to the corner store to get a baguette without applying lipstick and tying a scarf around her neck , Scott recalled . Looking presentable was a way of honoring the people she came in contact with everyday . "  This is n't to be confused with being high maintenance , " Scott said . "  She would n't spend an hour in the bathroom flat-ironing her hair and applying meticulous makeup . She had a very quick  routine  : ` Le no makeup look ' and a very easy hairstyle to follow . Her 10-item wardrobe allowed her to pick something really easily . She would n't agonize over what clothes to wear every day like so many of us do . " Scott also noticed the family would routinely wear their best clothes for everyday occasions , a lesson she took to heart . "  It 's funny , we 'll go and spend money on beautiful clothes and we wo n't wear them . We 'll be saving them for some unknown occasion in the future because we do n't want to ruin them , " Scott said . "  We should use these clothes on a daily basis . Why not use our best ? I think you should never save your best clothes for later . Use your best now and get rid of anything that is n't up to par . " 4 . Do n't forget the simple pleasures  and do not deprive yourself Scott thought the movie "  Amélie " showed off this lesson perfectly as it introduced its whimsical characters and their little pleasures . "  For some of them it 's cleaning out their handbag , and for some of them it 's breaking the crust on a crème brulee with a spoon , " Scott said . "  These are things that a lot of us just mow over in life and do n't even notice . " She observed that Madame Chic took great pleasure in making her own preserves or baking a strawberry tart , while Monsieur Chic always looked forward to eating his favorite cheese every evening . Food was a big part of life in Paris , but Scott was amazed to find that she did n't gain any weight . She attributes this paradox to lots of walking , little TV watching and no snacking . "  There were no snack foods in the house and I just did not snack the entire time I was there . So when I went to meals , I was hungry , " Scott recalled . "  But the meals were long , drawn-out affairs so I was n't scarfing down this decadent food . I was sitting at dinner and we were having conversation . The meal would take about an hour and I would eat mindfully , so I would n't overeat . "  I had dessert at least twice a day . I had it every day after dinner , and for tea every afternoon , I would get a crepe or something in the city . And I enjoyed my food . " 5 . Make life a formal affair Scott was impressed by the formal manner in which her host family lived . They were always elegantly dressed , their apartment was beautifully furnished and they maintained graceful rituals . As a visitor to their home , for example , Scott was considered the female guest of honor and was always served first at dinner , ahead of her host and hostess and their son . "  They just observed these formal protocols and manners and etiquette were very important to them , " Scott said . "  They used their best china and their best crystal on a regular basis . ... They used the nicest things that they had on a daily basis and it elevated every experience that we had . "	Jennifer L. Scott spent six months living with a family in Paris Parisians often turn mundane aspects of everyday life into something special , she says Cultivate an air of mystery and become comfortable with silence , she advises Scott : Always look presentable and make life a formal affair
CNN  -- The remains of Neil Armstrong were committed to the Atlantic Ocean on Friday during a ceremony aboard a U.S. Navy cruiser . Armstrong 's cremated remains were sent into the Atlantic Ocean during a burial-at-sea service aboard the USS Philippine Sea , NASA said . His wife , Carol Armstrong , participated in the ceremony . Neil Armstrong , who died August 25 at age 82 , was an aviator in the Navy before becoming the first person to walk on the moon , having flown 78 combat missions during the Korean War . He earned his renown commanding the Apollo 11 space mission and landing on the moon on July 20 , 1969 , when he was 38 . Friday 's ceremony came a day after hundreds of people attended a memorial service for him at Washington National Cathedral . Neil Armstrong , a hero who shunned fame John Glenn : Armstrong was a good friend	Neil Armstrong , first man to walk on moon , died August 25 at age 82 Armstrong 's wife participates in ceremony aboard USS Philippine Sea Hundreds attended Armstrong 's memorial at Washington National Cathedral on Thursday
CNN  -- Authorities have seized 9,072 kilograms  20,000 pounds  of counterfeit medicine and arrested 80 people suspected of illegal trafficking in six East African nations , Interpol said Thursday . More than 300 premises were checked or raided in the two-month operation across Uganda , Burundi , Kenya , Rwanda , Tanzania and Zanzibar , according to a news release from the international police agency . The confiscated loot included anti-malaria drugs , vaccines and antibiotics . There was also a significant quantity of government medicines diverted to illegal resale markets . It was the third such seizure operation in as many years in East Africa , intended to curb the manufacture and distribution of counterfeit medical products . Representatives of the six nations are scheduled to meet in Zanzibar next week to discuss the seizure and the extent of the counterfeiting problem , Interpol said . The World Health Organization defines counterfeit drugs as "  medicine , which is deliberately and fraudulently mislabelled with respect to identity and/or source . " Counterfeiting can apply to both brand-name and generic products , and forged products may include those with the correct ingredients or with the wrong ingredients , without active ingredients , with insufficient active ingredients , or with fake packaging , WHO says . The United Nations agency created a global task force in 2006 to deal with the problem , which has been growing as international markets expand and become globalized and internet commerce has taken off . The fake products can prove detrimental to public health efforts in disease-ridden countries and in worst-case scenarios can cause death , according to the WHO task force .	The two-month operation was conducted in six nations The counterfeit medicine problem has grown in recent years Fake drugs can lead to death , World Health Organization says
CNN  -- Having lived and breathed Plastiki for the last two and a half years , I finally stepped aboard her for the final leg to Australia . My first day was thankfully uneventful ; some steering , a game of Bananagrams , plenty of dozing and just a little hide and seek with some nausea . But at sea it is the night that ushers in the sublime ; a sky ablaze with burning bright stars , twenty or more tumbling gracefully into oblivion . A small slither of a smiley moon , barely concealing the bright promise that lies beneath . A huge billowing turret of a cloud , host to a lightning show so brilliant that it casts momentary shadows across deck . What is ridiculous is that any of this ever happened at all . This boat ; conceived , designed and built out of plastic bottles , which has sailed over 4000 miles to be here today beneath this unbelievable sky . "  It 's a boat , made from plastic bottles , " David de Rothschild said to me in December 2007 . "  We 've got this amazing sustainability architect , Michael Pawlyn , on board . He 's done some dope drawings and we 're interviewing for a naval engineer . The plan is to sail through this thing called the Great Eastern Garbage patch , doing science along the way and inspiring people to look at Waste as a Resource . We 'll build it in San Fran , set sail in December  2008  and arrive into Sydney March 09 . " I 'm paraphrasing massively , but you get the gist . "  Cool , " was what I remember thinking . I was working for a firm building emergency bridges in Africa and was ready for something different . This seemed different and I was in . The early days of the project revolved around meetings , phone calls and a staggering inbox of emails . We were rich in big ideas and exceptional consultants but poor in concrete ideas and real boating knowledge . The brief was very strict and has always remained so ; the bottles must be the primary element of the boat ideally performing both structure and flotation . We were to use no glues , minimal fixings , minimal new components or materials . In addition it was to sustainably support a crew of six using innovative "  off grid " life support systems . It was a hugely creative period with amazing sausage-type bottle structures and invertebrate raft ideas all on the table . The wackier most bottle-centric minimal structure designs were favored . We had a major coup early on which was the "  gassing " of the bottles . Of great concern was stabilizing the bottles into mini structures themselves . The obvious solution seemed to be pressurizing them , but how ? We variously talked about fitting bicycle valves to the caps and pumping them up , building a hyperbaric chamber to fill the bottles under pressure and finally liquid nitrogen . Knowing very little about liquid nitrogen I set off happily to BOC Gases intent on gettin ' me some . The guy looked at me like I was crazy , which was something I was to get used to over the next few years . "  Er , I do n't think so , " he said . Not such a good idea . "  Dry ice on the other hand , " he said grinning sheepishly , "  would be an excellent alternative . " And before I knew it he was shoveling crystalline , smoky powder into an Evian bottle . "  Watch this , " he said , screwing on the cap and ejecting it into the empty parking lot . It was a Saturday morning deep in the bowels of Covent Garden Market in London , but the bang when the bottle spectacularly exploded I thought was sure to bring SWAT troops parachuting down on us . Not wishing to stick around to find out I bought all the dry ice he had and made my exit . I could hear a faint call after me : "  Make sure you keep a window open in the car ... " "  Kaboom , " I thought as I careered out of there , windows down in the freezing February air . I was in search of somewhere quiet and secluded to do some experimenting of my own . So despite this early success with the bottles we were still a very "  un-boaty " collection of boat designers . We were in for a rude awakening ... . Andy Dovell , of Dovell Naval Architects based in Sydney came highly recommended and joined us in London in early March 2008 . He came complete with a first draft design -- of a boat . "  It 's a bit boat-like , " we conferred out of earshot . "  Too much structure , " was another comment . "  But a good starting point nevertheless , " someone else chimed in . What Andy knew and we did n't was that boats typically look like boats and require structure . So began the taming of the shrew .	Plastiki expedition co-ordinator Matthew Grey recalls early days of the project Joined the Plastiki as a crew member in Samoa on June 14 heading for Australia Finding ways to make a boat from plastic bottles took years of trial and error
CNN  -- An anonymous tipper apparently is spreading holiday cheer in restaurants across the country , including leaving a $ 7,000 tip over the weekend in New York . The jolly gift-giver has even posted pictures of the receipts to an Instagram account , TipsForJesus , which says , "  Doing the Lord 's work , one tip at a time . " The images go back to September , with the tip totals at more than $ 50,000 . On Saturday , the anonymous tipper left a $ 1,000 tip on a $ 111 tab at Bo 's Kitchen and Bar Room in New York . Manager Benjamin Cramer said the event certainly did happen but could not shed any light on the mystery tipper 's identity . "  They seemed like perfectly normal clientele for our restaurant , " Cramer told CNN . Earlier , at The NoMad restaurant in Manhattan 's Flatiron District , the tipper left a $ 7,000 tip , though the restaurant manager declined to go into further detail . Back in October , the do-gooder left a $ 5,000 tip at a restaurant in Notre Dame , Indiana , and followed it up the next month with a $ 10,000 tip at a restaurant in Hollywood , California , according to managers at the two establishments . Various media outlets have reported that the generous donor may be former PayPal executive , Jack Selby , though you do not see the tipper in any of the Instagram images . CNN has not independently confirmed the tipper 's identity . Valleywag.gawker.com posted what appears to be a screen grab of Selby 's Facebook page from November 27 : an image of Selby accompanied by a link he may have posted to a story about @TipsForJesus . A person who Valleywag said is one of Selby 's friends commented on the link , "  Do we win if we know whom is behind @tipsforjesus ? "	Anonymous tipper spreads holiday cheer to the tune of thousands of dollars The gift-giver posts receipts of his generous tips on Instagram account titled "  TipsforJesus " Images of receipts chronicling his reported generosity total more than $ 50,000
CNN  -- A Dutch court intervened Friday to stop a 13-year-old girl from attempting to sail around the world by herself , stripping her parents of sole custody . Laura Dekker will find out on Friday whether the Dutch Court will back her record attempt . Laura Dekker 's parents support her round-the-world ambition , which sparked concern from child protection officials because of her age . They took the case to court to prevent the solo trip . On Friday the Dutch High Court in Utrecht ruled that the Child Protection Board will share custody over Laura with her parents for two months . The move prevents the parents from permitting Laura to set off on her trip alone , though Laura will remain at home with her father , Dick Dekker , a court official said . During those two months , a child psychologist will assess Laura 's mental state and ability to carry out a solo round-the-world journey , a court official said . A guardian will be appointed to oversee the case until the court next meets Oct. 26 . The court will then make a final ruling on whether her parents may have the final say about their daughter 's plans , the court official said . Is the court right to block her bid ? Have your say below Laura 's parents are happy about Friday 's decision , family lawyer Peter de Lange said . He said the parents are especially pleased that the court did n't prevent Laura from making the journey , because they hope she can still proceed with her plans . The teenager was out sailing Friday , de Lange said . She is pleased with the decision and hopes she can still make a solo trip , he said . Laura believes she will be able to convince the court that she is fit to make the trip alone , de Lange said . Social workers took the action to stop the teen from attempting to become the youngest person to circumnavigate the globe because they believe the voyage would be too dangerous . Laura said she has dreamed of sailing around the world since she was 10 and her parents are determined to help her achieve her goal . She called the attention that has been heaped on her case "  a bit over the top . " Just this week , a British teenager became the youngest person to sail around the world solo when he returned to Britain after a nine-month trip . Guinness World Records confirmed the feat . Mike Perham , 17 , had a support team sailing alongside him during the trip . He said he does n't think age alone should determine whether Laura Dekker is ready for such an adventure . It 's "  whether she 's got the physical strength , the mental strength , or the technical ability , " he said . "  Can she strip an engine blindfolded ? Can she build boats ? Is she an electrician ? Is she a mechanic as well ? You ca n't just be a sailor for a trip like this . " Another sailor , Robin Knox-Johnston , also said age should n't be the only determining factor . He was the first person to circumnavigate the globe alone without stopping -- in 1969 , when he was 29 . "  It 's really more a question , is that person , that young person , mature enough to be able to look after themselves and deal with everything that 's going to come at you when you get out alone at sea ? " he said . Gold medal-winning Olympic sailor Shirley Robertson insisted that sailing is an experience-based sport and that Laura may not be ready for such a great challenge . "  Mike Perham has four years on Laura . That 's a big difference , " she told CNN . "  Mike had already completed challenges such as sailing across the Atlantic before embarking on his ultimate quest . "  There 's a world of difference between sailing a small craft on the Ijsselmeer and sailing around the world with all the challenges that presents . " Robertson also pointed out that "  we live in a culture of record-breaking and fame-seeking , " with people constantly looking to be the youngest or quickest at anything . "  Why does she need to sail around the world on her own now ? Why not sail with a parent first to gain more experience ? " CNN 's Ashleigh Nghiem , Francesca Church and Paul Armstrong contributed to this story .	Laura Dekker , 13 , wants to become youngest person to sail solo around globe Dutch social workers say it is too dangerous and want to prevent her Court ruled Child Protection Board to share custody of Laura with her parents Move prevents the parents from permitting Laura to set off on her trip
CNN  How big a threat is Al-Shabaab to the United States ? Despite the Somali terrorist group 's calls over the weekend for attacks on malls in the West , including the vast Mall of America in Minnesota , the group is n't much of a threat at all to Americans . The reality is that Al-Shabaab has shown scant abilities to conduct operations outside of Somalia or neighboring countries such as Kenya . Indeed , the only operation anyone associated with the group has attempted in the West is when a Somali man armed with an ax in 2010 forced himself into the home of Kurt Westergaard -- a Danish cartoonist who had depicted the Prophet Mohammed with a bomb in his turban -- and tried unsuccessfully to break into the fortified safe room where Westergaard was hiding . Danish intelligence officials said the suspect had links with Al-Shabaab . That said , the group has succeeded in recruiting a number of Americans to fight in Somalia , most of whom are from Minnesota . Seven Somali-American men traveled from Minnesota to Somalia to fight for Al-Shabaab in late 2007 , including Shirwa Ahmed , who graduated from high school in Minneapolis and then worked at the Minneapolis airport pushing passengers in wheelchairs . During this period , he became increasingly religious , and in his spare time , he would counsel drunken Somali kids in the impoverished area of Minneapolis known as "  Little Mogadishu , " after the Somali capital , to embrace their own culture . Ahmed left Minneapolis for good on December 4 , 2007 , on a flight that took him to Saudi Arabia , from where he eventually made his way to Somalia . In Somalia , he was trained by Al-Shabaab on the use of a wide variety of guns and weapons . On October 29 , 2008 , he drove a truck loaded with explosives toward a government compound in Puntland , northern Somalia , blowing himself up and killing 20 other people , becoming what then-FBI director Robert Mueller described as the first U.S. citizen to conduct a terrorist suicide bombing . Ahmed 's suicide caused considerable consternation at the FBI . If an American citizen was willing to die in a suicide operation overseas , what might that say about the possibility of Americans conducting suicidal attacks in the States ? One only had to look at the British experience to understand how this could develop . In 2003 , a British citizen had conducted a suicide bombing at a jazz club frequented by Americans in Tel Aviv , Israel . This turned out to be something of a curtain-raiser for future terrorist attacks in the United Kingdom . Two years after the terrorist attack in Israel , four British citizens committed suicide in bombings on London 's transportation system on July 7 , 2005 . It was the most deadly terrorist attack ever on British soil , claiming 52 lives . Alarmed by Al-Shabaab 's campaign of suicide attacks across Somalia and its recruitment of Americans , the State Department designated the group as a foreign terrorist organization in March 2008 , making it illegal for a person in the United States to knowingly provide Al-Shabaab with money , communications equipment , weapons or explosives or to join the group . By 2008 , the Somali-Americans traveling to their homeland to join the al Qaeda aligned Al-Shabaab seemed like a particularly threatening cohort . Codenamed Operation Rhino , the FBI started a serious effort to crack down on anyone traveling to Somalia to support Al-Shabaab . Adding to the alarm at the FBI , in early June 2011 , the agency announced that Farah Mohamed Beledi , from Minneapolis , had detonated a bomb , becoming one of two suicide attackers responsible for killing two African Union soldiers in Somalia . The third American to conduct a suicide attack was Abdisalan Hussein Ali , a 22-year-old from Minneapolis who took part in a strike on African Union troops in Mogadishu on October 29 , 2011 . There may even have been a fourth American suicide attacker in Somalia . On September 17 , 2009 , two stolen U.N. vehicles loaded with bombs blew up at Mogadishu airport , killing more than a dozen peacekeepers of the African Union . The FBI suspected that 18-year-old Omar Mohamud of Seattle was one of the bombers . But Al-Shabaab 's American support network has extended beyond Minnesota . Ruben Shumpert , an African-American convert to Islam from Seattle , was killed in Somalia in 2008 . And a former U.S. soldier from Maryland , Craig Baxam , was arrested by Kenyan authorities in 2011 as he tried to make his way to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab , which he told FBI agents he considered to be a religious duty . Still , despite these developments , for the Americans who traveled to Somalia to fight for Al-Shabaab , it has typically been a one-way ticket . More than a dozen Americans have died while fighting for Al - Shabaab , according to a U.S. House Committee on Homeland Security report , while none of the Americans recruited by Al-Shabaab is known to have subsequently planned or conducted a terrorist attack inside the United States , according to a survey of more than 250 jihadist terrorism cases since the 9/11 attacks conducted by New America . The possibility remains , of course , that Al-Shabaab 's calls for attack on malls in the West might inspire a lone wolf attack . But there is no sign so far that Al-Shabaab 's recruits have actually plotted to launch an attack in the United States . For now , at least , the group has also not shown that it is capable of carrying out attacks in the West .	Al-Shabaab has released a video calling for attacks on shopping malls in West Peter Bergen : Group has succeeded in recruiting a number of Americans
A 30-minute visit by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to a controversial shrine that includes the names of convicted war criminals ignited a predictable firestorm of criticism and condemnation Thursday from Japan 's neighbors . The Yasukuni Shrine is regarded by China , North Korea and South Korea as a symbol of Japan 's imperial military past . All three countries suffered under Japan 's military aggression in World War II . Millions of Chinese civilians and soldiers , and hundreds of thousands of Koreans , died . So , each time a top Japanese official has visited , the countries have protested -- saying the visits honor war criminals and deny Japan 's atrocities in Asia . Not so , said Abe on Thursday . He wanted to pray for the souls of the war dead , not honor war criminals , he said . "  I have renewed my determination before the souls of the war dead to firmly uphold the pledge never to wage a war again , " he said . There are more than 2.4 million names enshrined at Yasukuni . But among them are 14 who were found guilty of war crimes by a military tribunal in Tokyo in 1945 . Abe 's visit came exactly a year after he took office , during which time he has received the cold shoulder from both Chinese President Xi Jinping and South Korean President Park Geun-hye during regional conferences . It also comes at a time when Japan and China have ratcheted up rhetoric over the ownership of a set of disputed islands in the East China Sea known as the Diaoyu islands in China and the Senkakus in Japan . Japan and South Korea also have had their own territorial disputes . Perhaps to preempt the outrage over his visit , Abe struck a conciliatory tone afterward . "  It is not my intention at all to hurt the feelings of the Chinese and Korean people , " he said . "  It is my wish to respect each other 's character , protect freedom and democracy , and build friendship with China and Korea with respect , as did all the previous Prime Minsiters who visited the Yasukuni Shrine . " It was too little too late . Japanese Prime Minister Ab visits controversial Yasukuni war shrine Immediate outrage The Chinese foreign ministry immediately issued a tersely worded statement , saying Beijing "  expresses strongest indignation for this act , which heavily offends the Chinese people and people of other Asian countries that were victims of WWII . " "  Honoring the shrine is , in its essence , embellishing and falsely beautifying Japan 's military invasion and colonization . " Speaking at a press conference , South Korean Minister of Culture , Sports and Tourism said that he can not help but deplore and express anger and urged Japan to stop "  beautifying " its invasion . The U.S. Embassy in Tokyo said it was disappointed by the visit . "  Japan is a valued ally and friend , " the embassy said . "  Nevertheless , the United States is disappointed that Japan 's leadership has taken an action that will exacerbate tensions with Japan 's neighbors . " Jeff Kingston , director of Asian studies at Japan 's Temple University , said Japan has made its history into an issue when it should be seeking the cooperation of China and South Korea in dealing with the threat North Korea poses . "  Trampling on the neighbors ' sensitivities about their shared past also limits room for managing territorial disputes involving both countries or making headway on a range of other pressing issues , " he said . A matter of perspective ? In his statement after the visit , Abe acknowledged that such visits have become a political and diplomatic issue . But should they be ? Depends on the perspective , says J. Berkshire Miller , a fellow on Japan at the Center for Strategic and International Studies Pacific Forum . The Yasukuni shrine remembers Japan 's war dead not just from World War II , but also its war against Imperial Germany during World War I and the Satsuma rebellion in the 19th century . In October , several officials , including Abe 's brother -- senior vice foreign minister Nobuo Kishi -- visited the shrine , according to Kyodo News . The visits were part of an autumn festival and included 159 members of the Diet , Japan 's national legislature . The Prime Minister refrained from visiting the shrine then , but sent an offering . The lawmakers insisted the visits have been misrepresented by the foreign media and that the shrine is where Japanese visitors go to "  pray for peace . " The site , built in 1869 , enshrines those who "  devoted their lives to their country , " the group said at the time . "  The problem for Japan , " says Miller , "  is that none of this matters to many of its critics . "	Japanese Prime Minister says Japan must never wage war again Past visits by Japanese leaders have ignited a firestorm of controversy Yasukuni Shrine includes 14 criminals from World War II The site was built in 1869
For mobile users who text with friends via Facebook , it 's almost time to download the social-media giant 's dedicated app for doing so , or lose the ability . Facebook says that , for the next few days , it will be notifying people that if they want to continue sending mobile message , they 'll need to download the Messenger app . "  As we 've said , our goal is to focus development efforts on making Messenger the best mobile messaging experience possible and avoid the confusion of having separate Facebook mobile messaging experiences , " a Facebook spokeswoman said Tuesday in a written statement . "  Messenger is used by more than 200 million people every month , and we 'll keep working to make it an even more engaging way to connect with people . " In April , Facebook announced the change was coming . It has been rolled out to Android and iOS users in parts of Europe and elsewhere since then , and is now coming to the United States . In November , after Facebook launched Messenger 3.0 , the company discontinued messaging in the core Facebook app for people who already had Messenger . The good news for people still using just the Facebook app is that they 'll be able to message friends in much the same way they do now . Once both apps are installed , tapping the "  message " icon on the Facebook app will simply send the user to Messenger . They 'll be able to return via a "  return to Facebook " icon . The popularity of apps like Messenger and WhatsApp , which Facebook purchased in February , are helping change the rules for texting . Wireless plans that charge for texting are becoming a thing of the past in the United States , though they remain the norm in places like India , South America and Africa , where WhatsApp has become a popular , nearly free alternative . What to know about Facebook Opinion : Did Facebook 's experiment violate ethics ? Facebook is cutting back on spammy auto-posts	Facebook reminding mobile users to download Messenger app Soon , users wo n't be able to message using main Facebook app The move has been happening for months
CNN  -- At least 12 people were injured when a bomb exploded in southern Thailand Sunday morning , police said . The explosion caused a fire that burned down about a dozen houses , Yala Police Col. Krisada Kaewchandee said . Investigators believe a car bomb caused the blast , he said . The explosion occurred in a region that has seen a spike in suspected insurgent attacks recently . Nine civilians were killed and two others were injured in a bombing in Yala province last month . Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces in a country that is overwhelmingly Buddhist . The conflict came to a head in 2004 after former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra took office . Several thousand people died in the resulting violence .	Police say the explosion caused a fire that burned down about 12 houses Muslim separatists in southern Thailand have long battled government forces The region has seen a spike in suspected insurgent attacks recently
CNN  -- Guinea-Bissau will hold a runoff presidential election Sunday , five months after the leader of the West African nation was assassinated by a group of soldiers . Supporters of former president and current candidate Malam Sanha rally in Bissau . The race is between two former heads of state , Kumba Yala and Malam Sanha . The candidates won the most votes in the first round of balloting June 28 . Analysts hope the new president will usher in an era of stability to the nation of 1.5 million . The former Portuguese colony has had a history of military coups since its independence in 1974 . President Joao Bernardo Vieira became president in 1980 after a military coup . He was accused of purging political rivals and suppressing dissent , but several coup attempts in the 1980s and early 1990s failed to unseat him . He was finally ousted in 1999 -- and re-elected in 2005 . Vieira was killed in March to reportedly avenge the death of the country 's military chief a day earlier . Yala , who took office in 2000 , was unseated in a military coup after three years . Sanha served as interim president for a few months before his opponent 's term . The conflicts have ravaged the nation 's infrastructure and economy , leaving it among the poorest in the world . Guinea-Bissau has been battling a booming drug trade and is considered a major transit point for smuggling cocaine into Europe . U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon , who urged voters to be peaceful , said he hoped the election would provide a clean start . "  The secretary-general hopes this election will mark a clear step forward for Guinea-Bissau in achieving political stability and security , and in fostering the social and economic conditions necessary to consolidate peace and fully realize human rights , " Ban 's representative said in a statement . A 1998 conflict led to the closure of the U.S. Embassy , which operates from neighboring Senegal .	West African state holds elections five months after president assassinated Runnoff candidates Kumba Yala , Malam Sanha are both former heads of state U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon urges Bissau-Guineans to vote peacefully Guinea-Bissau has suffered succession of coups since independence from Portugal
CNN  -- A 13-year-old Minnesota boy who has cancer has resumed chemotherapy treatments and is not responding well , a family spokesman said Friday . Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February . Danny Hauser started a second round of chemotherapy treatment this week , Jim Navarro said in a statement on the family 's Web site , dannyhauser.com . "  The doctor changed the number of chemotherapy drugs in the protocol submitted to the court . Danny is not tolerating the drugs well and has been vomiting all day . He is understandably angry and depressed about being forced to go through the ravages of chemotherapy again . " Daniel underwent his first round of chemotherapy in February , a month after he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma . But his parents were concerned about the treatment 's side effects , which typically include nausea , and decided to end the chemotherapy regimen and pursue holistic treatments instead . When Daniel 's oncologist learned of the decision to reject standard treatment , which doctors say is associated with a cure rate of as high as 90 percent , he asked a court to intervene to ensure the teen got chemotherapy . Doctors say that , without it , the disease would likely prove fatal . But last week , before the court could act , Colleen Hauser packed up her son and flew with him to Southern California , from where they were planning to continue to Mexico to seek alternative alternative medical treatment . She said he would have run on his own had she not helped him flee . She changed her mind before crossing the border and returned this week with Daniel to Minnesota , where the family agreed to comply with whatever treatment the court ordered . A medical examination revealed that the boy 's tumor had grown since he was diagnosed and the boy 's doctor recommended he resume chemotherapy . After examining the boy on Monday , Dr. Michael Richards estimated the tumor 's size at 5.3 inches by 5.1 inches by 6.3 inches , and said it was "  protruding outside the chest wall . " He said initiation this week of standard chemotherapy treatment was "  imperative . " Richards recommended at least another five cycles of chemotherapy followed by radiation , and added that the "  goal will be to include alternative therapies in which the family is interested , as long as there is not data to suggest that a particular danger exists with any alternative medicine . " District Court Judge John Rodenberg originally took custody of the boy away from his parents , but returned him to his family on the condition that they comply with the recommendations of the cancer specialist . Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a cancer that affects the lymphatic system , which is part of the immune system . As the disease progresses , it compromises a body 's ability to fight infection . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this story .	Daniel Hauser started second round of chemotherapy this week , spokesman says Daniel "  angry and depressed " at being forced to undergo chemo , Jim Navarro says 13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court say Mother took him out of the state to seek alternative treatment , returned this week
FORT WORTH , Texas  CNN  -- Bishop Kenneth Spears always thought gifts from God came from above . He never imagined that the gifts would be hiding under his church in Fort Worth , Texas . Bishop Kenneth Spears says natural gas has saved his church . "  What a God we serve , " he says . "  The Bible says , ` Every place the sole of your foot should tread upon , I 'll give it to you , ' " said Spears , of the First St. John Missionary Baptist Church . "  I walked and believed that if I prayed over that ground , if I walked over that ground , something good would come of it . " In 2006 , he learned that all 15 acres of the church 's property are on one of the largest natural gas fields in the country , known as the Barnett Shale . "  What a God we serve , " Spears said , followed by great laughter . Watch an oil drilling bonanza " Spears ' church and thousands of residents around the Fort Worth area are cashing in on a unique urban drilling bonanza . With the development of horizontal drilling technology and with gas prices sky-high , energy companies are racing to tap into the Barnett Shale natural gas field . The Barnett Shale is the most-productive natural gas field in such a highly populated area spanning 5,000 square miles . The drilling here is being watched closely in Louisiana and Pennsylvania , which also have natural gas fields under urban areas . See where the Barnett Shale is located " Energy companies in the Fort Worth area are going door-to-door , negotiating with people for access to mineral rights under their homes . That means residents are offered a bonus check and future monthly royalty checks . Spears ' church received a $ 32,000 bonus and receives between $ 3,000 and $ 10,000 a month in royalty checks . The money is helping pay for a multimillion-dollar expansion and a new sanctuary . "  We 're making a lot of millionaires up here in the Barnett Shale area , " said Julie Wilson , vice president of Chesapeake Energy , one of the energy companies drilling wells in the Fort Worth area . The Fort Worth Chamber of Commerce says the urban drilling craze has created more than 50,000 jobs and will pump nearly $ 1 billion in tax revenue into the city 's economy . But opponents of this urban drilling say that it should n't be done in populated areas and that the promises of many people getting rich are n't true . They say that for most people , the payouts are modest . How much money residents get depends on how much property they own and how much gas -- if any -- is found . The dollar figure also depends on each resident 's negotiating skills with energy companies , experts say . The money can range from a few hundred dollars to tens of thousands . "  It 's a divide and conquer strategy by going around and giving everybody enough money to keep them quiet . Hush money is what I call it , " said Don Young , a community activist who operates a blog called FWCanDo.org . "  Gas drilling is very dirty ; it 's very dangerous . " To 72-year-old Jerry Horton , the drilling is a threat to her cherished front yard . To move the natural gas through the city , Chesapeake Energy needs to bury a pipeline in her yard . She 's been offered almost $ 13,000 , up from the $ 3,000 she was initially offered . "  I would n't sell my front yard for a million dollars , " said Horton , a retired artist who has lived in the same house for 53 years . Chesapeake Energy recently sued Horton for access to her front yard , claiming eminent domain . The company says pipelines are crucial to keep the natural gas flowing and allow people to cash in the profits under the ground . "  I understand we need to pump our own oil , our own gas , " Horton said . "  But we do n't need to destroy our homes , all of our trees and blow ourselves up . Who 's going to be here to enjoy the gas then ? " Energy companies say that drilling for natural gas is safe and done in an environmentally friendly way . But opponents say the drilling is dangerous and a threat to the environment . "  Gas drilling ... has no business in an urban area . So I do n't want to contribute to a company that 's doing that to my community , " said Young , who refused to let his property be used . While energy companies maintain the drilling is not a threat to homes , some question the impact of drilling beneath neighborhoods . Young and other activists also are concerned about air and water pollution , soil contamination , health and safety issues and the loss of green space and wildlife . "  We 're guinea pigs , " Young said . "  We 're the first large metropolitan area ever to have intense natural gas drilling going on in our neighborhood , right in the heart of the city . "	Natural gas drilling has become widespread across the Fort Worth , Texas , area Region sits on the Barnett Shale , where gas is abundant Preacher says gas has helped his church : "  What a God we serve " Opponent says "  gas drilling ... has no business in an urban area "
