CNN  -- Far too often , children with developmental disorders are diagnosed solely on the basis of their observable behavior , slotted into broad diagnostic pigeonholes and provided generalized treatments that may not always meet their specific needs . For instance , children are sometimes assigned with broad-spectrum labels of "  autism " or "  attention deficit disorder " after a single psychological assessment and are provided expensive therapies or prescribed strong medications with serious , long-term side effects . This incomplete diagnosis and/or overmedication can leave their underlying problems untreated and left to worsen , and compound the frustration of parents and child . Such an approach is analogous to trying to diagnose and treat a heart problem without ever doing a chest X-ray or ECG to looking at the heart . The essence of my talk at TED was simple : To diagnose any brain-related developmental disorder , it is crucial to look at the brain . Looking at behavior alone can provide an incomplete or misleading picture . Moreover , when looking at the brain , it is important to go beyond its structure to its function . This is because often in cognitive disorders , the structure of the brain is intact , but its function is compromised . Abnormalities in brain function have traditionally been detected using electroencephalography  EEG  , which involves the measurement of the ongoing electrical activity generated by the brain . Traditional EEG appears as a pattern of spikes and waves that are visually inspected to detect these abnormalities . However , following more recent advances in technology , a pioneering EEG system known as Brain Electrical Activity Mapping  BEAM  has been developed at Harvard University by neurologist Dr. Frank Duffy . This system adds complex display schematics and statistical analyses to the traditional EEG recordings to provide more information about brain dysfunction . For instance , not only can BEAM map the patient 's EEG recordings onto schematic 3-D maps of the head , but it can also estimate whether the EEG is outside the normal bounds for a child 's age . This is achieved using a technique known as Statistical Probability Mapping , which compares the patient 's EEG to a reference database of normal EEGs . The proprietary database contains EEG data on more than 2,000 fully screened , healthy subjects , making BEAM a unique and powerful investigative tool in the diagnosis of various neurological disorders . For instance , when using BEAM we have found that many children who are diagnosed with autism are actually suffering from virtually undetectable brain seizures that are presenting with autism-like symptoms . Indeed , there is increasing evidence that one-third to one-half of children with autism may be prone to abnormal seizure-like activity in their brains , and up to one-third of children with autism may develop epilepsy by the time they reach adolescence . In some cases , this seizure-like activity may merely be a consequence of the underlying neurological problem that is causing autism ; in others , it may be comorbid  co-existent  with autism . However , in yet other cases , such as the one I described at the TED conference , we found that the seizures are in fact the cause of the children 's symptoms and , when treated , the level and speed of recovery in these children has been remarkable . Since some of these children 's symptoms  staring into space or being unresponsive  were mistaken for those of autism during behavioral testing , we would never have identified the epileptiform seizure activity in their brains without an EEG test . Of course , many children diagnosed with autism and other developmental disorders do not have any seizures or abnormal EEG activity . And for some who do , this may not be the cause of all their symptoms . Hence , I do not suggest that neurophysiological tests like BEAM should be used as a replacement for behavioral tests , but that they should be used in conjunction with such tests , to triangulate more accurately the cause of the child 's symptoms , and to ensure more targeted and effective treatments or therapies . Since my talk at TED , I have been working on making Harvard 's EEG BEAM system more widely available , from the United States to India . Indeed , after the recent deluge of enquiries I have received , we are working on this with greater urgency . My goal is to have numerous systems worldwide that are fully accessible and affordable to all families . Until then , it is important for parents to understand that even a standard digital EEG test conducted by a local physician could help reveal whether seizure activity in the brain is contributing to their child 's symptoms . Indeed , my talk at TED was not intended so much to highlight a particular system or technology as it was to emphasize the importance of a particular approach to these disorders . That approach is simple : to diagnose a developmental disorder accurately , we should look at the brain directly . Or , to recall a phrase I use when testing children : "  When we put this magic cap on you , your brain can finally talk to us , and we can finally listen ! " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aditi Shankardass .	Aditi Shankardass says too often learning disorder diagnosis based only on behavior She says it 's important to look at brain activity and function New technology is making it easier to monitor brain function
This academic year , the major lesson in America 's public schools will be on the civil war . No , not that Civil War . I 'm talking about the brawl between what are usually ideological allies . Conservative vs. conservative , liberal vs. liberal . On the left , the Obama administration , the Department of Education and Secretary Arne Duncan are scrapping with allies in the teachers ' unions . On the right , pro-accountability education reformers are battling supporters of local control who think the federal government should butt out of the education business . This war wo n't be won or lost in boardrooms , classrooms or conference rooms but in the worlds of politics and public relations . You might have a powerful idea to reform the education system . But if you do n't spend the time , money and effort fashioning an effective communication strategy to sell it , you 're toast . You ca n't bring a policy paper to a Twitter fight . Take Common Core . You might think the word "  common " describes the shared success that we 'd like students to have . If you take underperforming schools and less-demanding curricula in some states and raise them to a level where they compare to higher-performing schools in states with more demanding curriculum , you give students a "  common " experience . For the disadvantaged , this is a good thing . But for those parents who are happy with the education system and content with the product , the word "  common " can be terrifying . They worry about a one-size-fits-all process that holds back high achievers so all students in different schools and different states get the same level of education , even if the results students have in common are mediocre . Here 's a quiz about one of the most controversial -- and poorly marketed -- stabs at education reform in recent years . Common Core is ... a . A good and harmless idea that has been unfairly maligned by a small band of critics on the left and the right . b . A reasonable concept that has been poorly executed and terribly communicated by the elites who devised it . c . A nonsensical method of teaching that reeks of a big government and corporate takeover of the public schools . d . A gigantic "  fail " that is taking on water faster than the Titanic after the ship hit the iceberg . e. All of the above . The answer is e. Wait , that does n't make sense . Exactly . That is precisely what the opponents of Common Core say about , for instance , its meandering method of teaching math . Equations that could once be solved in two steps now take six or seven . The sad part is that the idea was good to begin with : develop a common curriculum that outlines what students should know at every grade level so that students attending different schools in different states get roughly the same education . What good does it do society to have a high school diploma in Mississippi that does n't compare to one in Massachusetts ? Forty-five states and the District of Columbia signed on to Common Core right out of the gate a couple of years ago , and the federal government provided grant money . But not long thereafter , 10 states -- including Indiana , Oklahoma , Missouri and Iowa -- dropped out . More are likely to follow . All of this seems familiar . In the 1960s and 1970s , Americans grappled with "  new math , " a dramatic change in how math was taught in elementary schools that was prompted in part by the federal government 's desire to ratchet up teaching of math and science . Some complained and thought traditional ways of teaching math were better . In the 1980s and 1990s , Americans were rattled again when they were introduced to "  whole language " instruction as a new way of teaching students to read by encouraging them to think strategically about the meaning of words , phrases and sentences in their entirety . Again , there were critics . Now , here we are again : at each other 's throats over a concept that many people do n't even understand . There are lessons in this debacle for both sides . Common Core supporters ca n't concoct a new national curriculum and then fail to effectively communicate what they did , why they did it and what effect it 's going to have on kids . Politics is a reality . Learn to navigate it , or stay out of the arena . And elitism and condescension are better repellents than bug spray . Opponents have to shelve the "  look out for No. 1 " approach to education . Americans are part of a collective with public roads , public libraries , public schools . How other people 's kids are doing in other states is your problem , just like , one day , paying for your Social Security and Medicare will be theirs . I hope that the people behind the new curriculum have learned some humility and are ready to show us why we should listen to them . And I hope more states stick with the Common Core and give it another chance .	Ruben Navarrette : The debate over the pros and cons of Common Core rages on Navarrette : The idea behind a common school curriculum for all kids makes sense But supporters failed to convey to the public why it 's good and how effective it could be Navarrette hopes more states stick with Common Core and give it another chance
CNN  -- As outrage over the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin continues to grip the nation , key questions remain unanswered over what happened the night of February 26 as conflicting accounts are given by witnesses and attorneys for both sides . What is known is that Martin , wearing a hoodie , ventured out from his father 's fiancee 's home in Sanford , Florida , to get a snack at a nearby convenience store . As he trekked back to the home with a bag of Skittles and an Arizona iced tea , he was shot and killed by George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer . Martin was unarmed . Zimmerman has said he acted in self-defense . CNN spoke to a witness to the shooting for a second time Friday , who offered new details about what she saw . Zimmerman 's attorneys , for their part , were quick to knock down her statements . Here 's what they said : Who yelled for help ? A recording of a 911 call made the night of the shooting captured someone pleading for help . Zimmerman has said he was yelling for help , according to his family members and his account to authorities . Martin 's relatives have said they are certain the voice heard on the 911 call is Martin 's . "  From the very beginning and I still do feel that it was the young boy , " the witness , who wants to remain anonymous , told CNN Friday . The witness lives in the apartment complex where the shooting occurred and saw the incident through her window . She described the cries for help as "  devastating , desperate , " and something "  that will really always stay with me . " When pressed if she could determine who was yelling , the witness said "  it was the younger , youthful voice  rather  than it was the deep voice I heard when they were arguing . " Zimmerman 's attorneys jumped on the witness ' characterization of Martin as "  the young boy . " "  I 'm not sure when she came to that conclusion , " said attorney Hal Uhrig , noting that when news of the shooting first broke , pictures of Martin as a 12-year-old were the first to circulate . "  The pictures you 've put up tonight show a 6 foot 3 boy who was 17 years old , " Uhrig said , pointing out that teenage boys can have voices that range from high to as low as a grown man . A police report listed Martin 's height at six feet . Audio experts Tom Owen and Ed Primeau , who analyzed the 911 recordings for the Orlando Sentinel , said they do n't believe it is Zimmerman who is heard yelling in the background of one 911 call . They compared those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier . In that call , in response to the 911 operator 's question , Zimmerman described a "  suspicious " black male , who ended up being Martin . In describing her questioning by investigators , the witness remembered expressing that she should have done something more , in retrospect , after hearing the cries for help . "  The lead investigator said to me kindly , ` Well , if it makes you feel any better , the person that was yelling for help is alive , ' " she recalled . Who was on top of whom during the scuffle ? Zimmerman says he killed Martin in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk , according to an Orlando Sentinel report that was later confirmed by Sanford police . One of the responding officers saw a wound on the back of Zimmerman 's head and a bloody nose , and noted that his back was wet , indicating he had been lying in the grass , according to the police report . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , racially profiled the teen , who was black , and ignored a police dispatcher 's directive not to follow him . Zimmerman 's attorneys interpret the call differently , and say the operator did not order Zimmerman not to follow . "  I know it was very dark , but I really would have to say that I thought it was the larger person on top , " the witness said , referring to the heavier build of Zimmerman . Craig Sonner , another Zimmerman attorney , questioned how the witness could determine the identities of those on the ground at that time of night and from her vantage point . "  I think it was dark , and I do n't think she 's sure what she saw , " Sonner said . The police investigation : The Sanford police department has come under intense scrutiny for its actions following the shooting , and protesters have called for the firing of police Chief Bill Lee , who stepped aside temporarily last month amid criticism . The witness declined to characterize her questioning by investigators as "  in depth , " instead saying "  I just kind of told what I saw and heard . " She noted that when she offered to show the investigators where she saw the scuffle occur , she was told , "  Nah , we do n't need to see it . " She added that two phone calls to the lead detective have gone unanswered . Her attorney , Derek Brett , said a follow-up visit on behalf of the state attorney 's investigation on Wednesday yielded only 15 minutes of questioning . "  It was very general , " Brett said , adding that had he been in the investigators ' position , he would have had her recount her story again . The state attorney 's office declined to comment Friday , citing the ongoing investigation . Sanford police did not respond to requests for comment Friday . What will happen next ? A grand jury is expected to convene next week and could take up the case . Whether a grand jury will choose to indict , Sonner said : "  we do n't know . " Until now , only friends and relatives of Zimmerman 's have come forward to offer his side of the story . Uhrig said Zimmerman "  would love to be able to do that right now , " but due to threats to his safety and the possibility of charges , he ca n't . "  There 's going to be a time , hopefully in the fairly near future , where he 'll have an opportunity to tell the public exactly what happened , " Uhrig said . Until then , Sonner cautions against jumping to conclusions . "  Everybody wants to know what happened , but we need to take a step back and let the evidence come out , " he said . CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield contributed to this report .	A witness speaks to CNN for a second time , offering new details of the shooting She says she is certain it was a younger voice yelling for help Members of Zimmerman 's legal team question the witness ' recollection
CNN  -- I wear the burqa for the simple reason that I am a Muslim and the Koran says that I must wear the full veil in order to be modest . I am proud of my Muslim faith and my modesty . I am proud to follow God 's law . Nobody ever forced me to wear the full veil and I have been wearing it for around 10 years now . In fact , very few of my friends actually wear one . There are , of course , situations in which some men force their wives or daughters to wear the burqa but , believe me , these cases are a very , very small minority . For those of us who are believers , we just want to do God 's will and live by the sacred text , so what any man says has nothing to do with that . I am testament to that as I do n't have a husband and I practice my religion freely , that 's why I 'm always shocked when people say it 's the husband who forces his wife to wear a burqa . It is actually the case that a lot of men in France do not wish their wives to wear the full veil because when they go out , they are insulted or attacked and their husbands do n't want them to be put in that situation . I first started wearing the full veil when I was a teenager but I stopped for a while because when you 're young , you do n't want to be set apart , you want to look like everyone else . But later after seeing what was happening with terrorist attacks involving Muslims all over the world , I decided to become more conscious and find out more about my faith . In the process , I found myself becoming more spiritual and decided to start wearing the burqa . Now , my liberty is being threatened with this law proposed by the French government . If this law is passed , it will be a great injustice . It is very unfair that they are even considering this law . Perhaps the French authorities are terrified that women will start dressing like this , despite evidence to the contrary . Why am I , as a Muslim woman , targeted unfairly , when there are less than 2,000 of us in France who wear the burqa ? Where is my freedom of clothing or expression ? France prides itself as a country that upholds the rights of man but where are my rights ? Why am I not free to wear what I want ? Many cite security reasons because they ca n't tell who is under the veil . But myself and a lot of women who wear the burqa are always happy to identify ourselves when asked . In the past , I have taken off my veil when it is asked of me -- as long as it 's a woman who does it . My religion demands that I cover my face in front of any man who is not either my brother , father or husband . I have been wearing the veil in France for years and it has never been a problem , I use public transport like everyone else and I 've never had any problems . Although , it can be quite strange when I 'm on a bus for example and people say to me : ` You poor thing , we feel sorry for you . ' And I wonder exactly why they feel sorry for me . I 'm very happy wearing the veil and it makes me spiritually fulfilled as I 'm practicing my religion , so I do n't really see it as anything to pity me for . I really believe that France is scared of Muslims , which is the motivation for this law , but people should n't generalize as not all Muslims are the same . Yes , some have done terrible things , but it is done in the name of man , never in the name of God . I , as a French Muslim woman , have nothing but love in my heart towards all people . And whatever the outcome , if France succeeds in banning the veil on its streets , I will never take mine off . My freedom means a lot to me and if this law is passed , I would rather move to another country where I can worship in peace . I obey the laws of God not the laws of man . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oumkheyr .	French Muslim Oumkheyr speaks to CNN about why she chooses to wear the burqa Has worn the veil for 10 years and never been forced to wear it , she says A French parliament report has called for a ban on the burqa in schools , hospitals Oumkheyr : "  I really believe that France is scared of Muslims "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Should William Potts , an American fugitive living in Cuba , ever set foot in the United States again , he faces an indictment for airplane hijacking and a potentially lengthy prison term . So why is Potts now battling to return to the same country that wants to imprison him ? In 1984 , Potts hijacked a Piedmont Airlines passenger plane bound for Miami with 56 people aboard . A Black Panther and self-styled revolutionary , Potts dreamed of receiving military training in Cuba that he could use to overthrow the United States government . But first , the New York native had to find a way to get to the island . Potts ' solution was to smuggle a .25 - caliber pistol inside a fake cast on his arm . The handgun set off the metal detectors at Newark Airport , but all Potts had to do was flash his cast and an easy smile to breeze past security . After the plane took off , Potts went to bathroom , where he ditched the phony cast and put on what he calls his "  Black Panther costume " of dark clothes and combat boots . He walked to the back of the airplane with the pistol in hand . A flight attendant told him to retake his seat , Potts said , but her eyes grew wide as she saw his changed demeanor and clothing . Potts gave her a note ordering the pilot to fly the plane to Cuba . Over the plane 's telephone system , the pilot tried to convince Potts to end the hijacking . "  I had to be forceful with him , " Potts remembered . "  I tell him , if we do n't go to Cuba , this plane is going down . We are going to hell or Cuba . " As the plane crossed the bright blue water and the coastline and palm trees came into view , Potts still was n't sure he was over Cuba . "  I had them go low and circle around , " he said . "  I was looking for McDonald 's and Coca-Cola and propaganda like that . I did n't see any of it , so I figured we must be here . " The plane landed in Havana , but Potts did not get the welcome he expected from his fellow revolutionaries . After years of hijackings to the island , the Cubans put hijackers like him on trial . Authorities told Potts that Fidel Castro 's government was no longer involved in spreading armed revolution abroad . "  In a Machiavellian sense , the Cubans changed , " he said . "  They simply changed . They used to do it , and now they do n't do it . " Authorities offered to let Potts return with the plane he hijacked to the United States , where air piracy charges awaited him . Potts said he would face trial in Cuba . "  I thought I had won the case , and they gave me 15 years , " Potts said , recalling his brief court proceedings in Cuba . "  I did n't even know what 15 was in Spanish . And they said ` quince . ' I said , what is ` quince ? ' and my translator said 15 years . And I said , '15 years for who ? ' And they said , '15 years for you . ' " Even though he was sent to one of Cuba 's toughest prisons , where he regularly battled with other inmates and the guards , Potts never lost faith in the same revolution that had become his jailer . "  If you are not able to suffer for the cause , you are just a play revolutionary , " Potts said . Potts served his time -- 13Â 1/2 years in prison and the rest under supervised release -- and tried to fit into Cuban society with the pidgin Spanish he learned in prison . His first marriage , to a Cuban , did n't work out . "  That was a clash of cultures , " he explained . "  I am Muslim , and she 's a santera . " A second failed marriage produced two daughters : Ntann , 7 , and Assata Shakur , 11 , named after the American fugitive also believed to be residing in Cuba whom the FBI added to its list of most wanted terrorists in May . The girl 's mother , Aime , also a Cuban , said she did n't realize her husband was naming their daughter after a fellow militant , convicted of murdering a New Jersey state trooper . "  He likes Japanese things , so I thought it was a Japanese name , " she said with a roll of her eyes . Raising his two daughters , Potts said , made him realize how much he missed family in the United States and wanted his children to meet them . He said he also needed to make amends and apologize in person to the passengers of the plane he hijacked . Potts still considers himself a revolutionary but says that both he and the times have changed , and violence is no longer an acceptable way to bring about change . "  I regret taking the plane and putting those people 's lives in jeopardy , " he said . "  I did n't have that perspective at the time , but I have it now and will have it until the day I die . I would have been responsible for all those people dying . " In 2009 , Potts wrote President Barack Obama , requesting a pardon for the hijacking . Hearing nothing back , Potts then wrote the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Miami to ask whether a plea deal could be worked out to take into account the time he had served in Cuba . "  Fifteen years in a communist prison that 's been cited for human rights violations , I have paid my debts to society , " he said . Potts again got no reply , but his daughters were given U.S. citizenship and passports . Potts wanted to travel with them to the U.S. and in September said he offered to surrender and face the charges awaiting him in the United States . Nearly six months later , his daughters have been living with relatives in the U.S. since December , but he is still waiting for an answer . But without a renewed U.S. passport , Potts ca n't join his girls . Dozens of fugitives are believed to be living in Cuba , from convicted cop killers to Puerto Rican separatists to suspects in a South Florida Medicare fraud scheme . The U.S. State Department has placed Cuba on the list of countries that support state terror , along with Iran and Syria , for providing a safe haven for fugitives from U.S. and international justice . Potts is in all likelihood the only fugitive on the island offering to be tried . "  No one 's harboring me , " Potts countered . "  I am trying to go back . " The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Miami said Potts has been indicted for the 1984 hijacking but would not comment on why his offers to surrender have gone unanswered .	William Potts hijacked a plane to Havana in 1984 He was surprised to face trial and be sentenced to 15 years in Cuban prison His daughters are now living in U.S. , but Potts continues to fight to join them Potts says he realizes that violence is not the way to bring about change
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Prosecutors will seek the death penalty against a 41-year-old Southern California man charged Friday with murder in this week 's mass shooting at a hair salon , Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said . Scott Evans Dekraai of Huntington Beach , California , allegedly shot his ex-wife and seven other people to death at the Salon Meritage in the small coastal community of Seal Beach , Rackauckas said Friday . A ninth person was wounded . Prosecutors formally filed eight counts of first-degree murder and a felony count of attempted murder against Dekraai on Friday . The first-degree murder charges carry the special circumstance of multiple murder , the prosecutor said . Dekraai and his ex-wife , Michelle Fournier , 48 , were in a custody battle over their 8-year-old son , and the dispute was the motive in the shooting , Rackauckas said . The prosecutor called Dekraai "  a methodical and merciless killer . " On Friday afternoon , Dekraai appeared before Orange County Judge Erick L. Larsh , who , at the request of attorneys , rescheduled Dekraai 's arraignment to November 29 . Dekraai is not taking his antipsychotic medication , and his attorney asked the court to make the drugs available to Dekraai while he is being held in jail without bail . The judge said he would order a medical team to evaluate Dekraai and , in a response to another defense request , would see if Dekraai 's current wife could deliver his spinal cord implant stimulator , which is needed because of a 2007 accident Dekraai experienced . Balding and with a salt-and-pepper goatee , Dekraai appeared calm inside the courtroom 's detainee cage . One person in the gallery shouted "  You coward ! " Then , as he exited the courtroom , a sobbing woman uttered "  I hate you ! I hate you ! " Dekraai 's attorney , Robert Curtis of Long Beach , told the court that he 's considering a change of venue . Earlier Friday , authorities held a press conference and recounted how Dekraai 's ex-wife , a hair stylist at the salon , was working near the entrance and was among the first two people shot . On the morning of the shooting , which occurred Wednesday , Dekraai and Fournier got into an argument about child custody , authorities said . "  We 're sort of guessing . We believe that the custody battle was n't going well for him . We do n't know the contents of their conversation or anything , " Rackauckas said . Hours later , the gunfire rampage at the salon , just blocks from the ocean , unfolded around 1:20 p.m. , authorities said . "  He also considered the people who were friends and who worked with his ex-wife were enablers , and he did n't have much use for them either , " Rackauckas said . He was armed with three guns -- a 9 mm Springfield , a Smith & Wesson .44 Magnum , and a Heckler & Koch .45 -- and was wearing body armor during the shooting rampage , Rackauckas said . He used at least two of those guns , the prosecutor said . Rackauckas summarized the mass shooting , saying Dekraai "  walked through the salon shooting anyone close enough to hit . He stopped to reload during this spree , and he continued gunning people down . He was not satisfied with murdering his intended target , his ex-wife . For almost two minutes , Dekraai shot victim after victim , executing people by shooting them in the head and chest . "  He shot eight people inside the salon . But he was not done . He then walked out of the salon and shot a ninth victim , a male , who was sitting nearby in a parked Range Rover . The reason for this rampage : revenge , " he said . "  We believe that the defendant committed this unimaginable act of violence because he wanted to kill his ex-wife over a custody dispute concerning their 8-year-old son . He was willing to end any life in his path , and he did . Clearly this two-minute murder spree could not have been about loving his son , " the prosecutor said . While Dekraai allegedly carried out the mass murder , his son was sitting alone in the principal 's office at school , waiting for his mother or father to pick him up , authorities said . "  That little boy is also a victim . He is now left to mourn the murder of his mother and grow up with the knowledge that his father  allegedly  committed a mass murder , " Rackauckas said . "  What sick , twisted fatherly love is this ? " In addition to Fournier of Los Alamitos , the people killed were salon employee Victoria Ann Buzzo , 54 , of Laguna Beach ; David Caouette , 64 , of Seal Beach , who was in the vehicle outside the salon ; salon employee Laura Lee Elody , 46 , of Huntington Beach ; salon owner Randy Lee Fannin , 62 , of Murrieta ; salon client Michele Daschbach Fast , 47 , of Seal Beach ; salon client Lucia Bernice Kondas , 65 , of Huntington Beach ; and salon employee Christy Lynn Wilson , 47 , of Lakewood , authorities said . Dekraai allegedly shot Caouette , who was in the parked vehicle , in the head through a closed front passenger side window , authorities said . The ninth victim , Harriet Stretz , 73 , of Los Alamitos is in critical condition . She was at the salon getting her hair done by her daughter , Laura Elody , who was among the victims . "  We do know that the victims were shot multiple times each , " Rackauckas said . About 20 people were inside the salon during the shooting , and many of them were "  playing dead , hiding in backrooms , trying to get back behind things , just trying to stay out of his way , " Rackauckas said . Added Seal Beach Acting Police Chief Tim Olson : "  Scott Dekraai is a coward . He armed himself with three handguns and body armor because he did n't want to be shot by police . " Police arrested Dekraai without incident as he was trying to leave the scene in a vehicle two blocks from the salon , police said . Dekraai was in possession of the three guns and "  a significant amount of ammunition in his truck , " prosecutors said . In the past several months , Fournier complained to Seal Beach police about Dekraai picking up their son from school earlier than the court-ordered mandate , Olson said . That matter was forwarded to family court , and Olson said he did n't know of the complaint 's disposition . In 2007 , in Long Beach , Dekraai 's father-in-law applied for a temporary restraining order , but there was no follow-up , Rackauckas said . An online search of Orange County court records shows the couple filed for divorce in 2007 , with activity in the case continuing through this week . A child custody evaluator was appointed by the court in April , records show . Fournier claimed in court papers that Dekraai was mentally unstable , had threatened to kill himself or someone else and "  was almost manic when it comes to demanding absolute right to control our son , " CNN affiliate KTLA said . The couple was in court the day before the shooting , and a judge had kept custody between them equal , KTLA said . In 1994 , Dekraai filed for bankrupcy , according to court records . The Salon Meritage is located on the Pacific Coast Highway in Seal Beach , which residents describe as a small and "  fairly intimate " coastal town . "  We have multiple years with zero homicides , so this obviously is an unusual and tragic circumstance , " Seal Beach police Sgt. Steve Bowles said . The shooting is the deadliest in Orange County history , KTLA said . In 1976 , Edward Charles Allaway shot nine people , killing seven , at California State University Fullerton . CNN 's Traci Tamura , Gabriel Ramirez , Ashley Hayes and Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	Scott Dekraai 's attorney says he is considering a change of venue request Prosecutors file eight first-degree murder charges and one attempted murder count Prosecutors will seek the death penalty against Dekraai , of Huntington Beach Authorities say Dekraai and his ex-wife , among the killed , were fighting over custody of a son
CNN  -- The agitated sandwich shop customer disliked the pickles . Now she 's in one with the cops . A Massachusetts woman who ordered a steak-and-cheese sub at a subway station was so angry about "  too many pickles " on her sandwich that she punched an employee and shoved two jars of pickles at her , transit police said Monday . The jars shattered and the customer fled -- without the sandwich -- but the brine-covered employee managed to catch up with her and hold her until transit and local police arrived , according to the Massachusetts Bay Transit Police , who said they plan to file assault charges against her . The incident happened Saturday at the Nathan 's Famous Hot Dogs at the Quincy subway station , the transit police said . After Tina Drouin , 49 , ordered the sub , she immediately complained the employee was "  putting too much s *** " on the sandwich and shouted "  other derogatory comments regarding the preparation of the steak and cheese , " police said . "  It appeared the Nathan 's employee could simply not please Drouin , " they said . Drouin demanded a refund , and when the employee told her she could n't get one , Drouin punched the woman in the face and then pushed large jars of pickles on her , knocking her to the ground , police said . "  Drouin fled from the station , however the sub maker determined not to let Drouin escape justice gave pursuit catching up to her " and held her until police arrived . CNN could not reach Drouin immediately for comment . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	A customer complained of too many pickles on her steak-and-cheese sub She punched an employee and shoved jars of pickles at her , police say The worker fell and the jars shattered , but the employee managed to catch the woman It happened at a subway station in Quincy , Massachusetts
CNN  -- George H.W. Bush turns 90 today  June 12  , only the fourth American president to reach that age . He 's the last of the World War II presidents , the last American leader to preside over the Cold War , the last of a generation of elected leaders who saw themselves as old-fashioned public servants rather than cutthroat campaigners . Today , there are college graduates who were n't even born when he left office . So the question is , what can 20-somethings learn from an old man like Bush ? It starts with what Bush said to a group of young people in one of the last speeches he gave as President : "  What all of us seek in our life is meaning and adventure . It 's through service that all of us can find both . " He certainly has had 90 years of "  meaning and adventure " â $ " flying as one of the youngest Navy pilots in World War II ; serving in Congress during the 1960s ; as US liaison to China in the days of Mao ; as chair of the Republican Party during Watergate ; as head of the CIA after the Church Commission ; as Ambassador to the United Nations during the Cold War ; as Vice President during the Reagan Revolution ; as President during the collapse of the Soviet Union . And as a post-presidential humanitarian , he has raised millions for cancer research and disaster relief alongside the man who was his most bitter political rival . Bush had a front-row seat to most of the major events of the second half of the 20th century , and he did it by dedicating his life to service to others . "  Public service is a noble calling , " something he 's said so often that it 's engraved on a bust at his Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University .  The students rub its brass nose for good luck ; he once quipped , "  Thank God it was only a bust ! " I asked about Bush 's formula for meaning and adventure when I interviewed 41 extraordinary people for our new documentary about our 41st president , "  41ON41 . " Many of the 41 spoke of Bush 's lifelong commitment to public service , whether in uniform , in appointed positions , through elected office or in community service . "  This man has affected this country and served this country in so many ways , " said sports commentator Jim Nantz , "  and he 's done it every step of the way with a kind heart , with good intentions , with real concern that he 's doing the right thing to help people . " "  I do believe , if there were more people like him , the world would be a better place , " President Bill Clinton told me . "  If your primary motivation is to serve , then , in an imperfect world , you 're likely to make the right rather than the wrong compromises . "  His primary motivation was to serve . You do n't get to pick the time you serve , and you ca n't control the circumstances in which you govern . There 's always some good and some bad in it . But he made the most of a hand that was not the easiest hand to play . And he did it because , at heart , he 's a servant . " Pierce Bush is G.H.W. 's grandson , and the two have talked about the day his grandfather decided to make the first step in a lifetime of service . "  He remembers sitting in an Andover -LSB- High School -RSB- auditorium right after Pearl Harbor was attacked , " Pierce said . "  There was this spirit that he wanted to be a part of . He wanted to go and defend America , he wanted to be a part of something bigger than himself . " Pierce sees the parallels with his generation -- in the same longing millennials have to be a part of something larger than oneself . His Twitter homepage quotes his grandfather : "  Any definition of a successful life must include service to others . " Pierce works for Big Brothers Big Sisters in Houston and would tell you that his life is full of both meaning and adventure . Condoleezza Rice is concerned that young people have only seen the worst of elected officials in a gridlocked Washington that seems to feed on character assassination . She knows how hard it is to decide to go into public service in such a poisonous environment . "  I would say to young people : Never forget that democracy depends on its citizens to care about it , to promote it , to work for it , " Rice said . "  Democracies do n't survive if citizens simply leave it to others to do the hard work of governing , and so if you get a chance to be in public service , do it . The greatest thing that you can do in your life is to serve your country . You could have no better role model than George H. W. Bush . " Bush 's life is full of lessons for young people . I hope you 'll tune in to CNN on Father 's Day at 9 p.m. ET to hear more about this remarkable American life . You 'll be surprised how much you 'll learn .	Mary Kate Cary : George H.W. Bush , turning 90 , is recognized for his service She says he sought to have a life of "  meaning and adventure " and succeeded Cary : 41st President has much to teach millennials looking to make a difference in life She a produced film , airing on CNN , with interviews of 41 who know Bush best
Editor 's note : Lois Pope and Arthur H. Wilson are co-founders of the Disabled Veterans ' LIFE Memorial Foundation , the nonprofit organization that has spearheaded the development of The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial . Award-winning actor Gary Sinise , star of "  CSI : NY , " is the national spokesman for the memorial . As we prepare to pay tribute this Veterans Day to the courageous men and women who have selflessly served our country , the image of American soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq is in our minds . But we also must recognize that many thousands have returned from these wars with severe injuries and permanent disabilities . The numbers of troops coming home with damaged bodies and , in many cases , minds , is increasing . Advances in medical and military technology are reducing the number of deaths from combat , but soldiers who survive attacks often end up with lost limbs , horrific burns , traumatic brain injuries and other life-altering wounds . For example , in 2006 for every fatality in Iraq , there were 16 wounded . We need to do a better job of honoring and meeting our obligations to these unsung American heroes . Welcome home : Share your homecoming experience Beyond significantly increasing funding to meet the ever-growing costs of treatment , as well as other benefits , America has a responsibility to ensure that our disabled veterans are never neglected or erased from our collective memory . A permanent public tribute to recognize them is now underway . Yesterday , in a ceremony attended by hundreds of disabled and able-bodied veterans whose service dates back to WWII . House speaker Nancy Pelosi , Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki and others joined us to break ground on The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial . Sitting across from the U.S. Botanic Garden , in full view of the U.S. Capitol , this memorial will serve to educate generations about the true cost of war , and to celebrate the men and women who may be broken in body but never in spirit . The groundbreaking , however , marks just the beginning of efforts -- our obligation -- to create this memorial . Unfortunately , we often marginalize and forget the men and women who sacrificed for our freedom . In fact , Veterans Day itself has become for far too many of us an extra vacation day from work or school . For retailers , it has become yet another day to lure shoppers with special sales and promotions . All of us should instead consider this sobering fact : Since 2001 , the number of disabled veterans has risen by 25 percent to over 3 million today . In contrast , the increase in the six years prior to September 11 , 2001 , was just 4 percent . Well over 180,000 veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars are already collecting disability benefits . A Stanford University study last year estimated that as many as 35 percent of Iraq war veterans will suffer from post-traumatic stress syndrome , a condition that has already led to high rates of depression , suicide , substance abuse , unemployment , relationship and family problems , and other issues . We have been privileged to meet a number of these veterans and have witnessed their Herculean struggles to regain health , reshape lives shattered by disability , learn new trades or professions , and rejoin the civilian world . While their disabilities remind us of the fragility of life , they also inspire us with their fortitude , strength of character , and unflagging commitment , not just to survive , but to flourish as devoted husbands and wives , fathers and mothers , sons and daughters , friends and colleagues , and hard-working and productive citizens . We wish that every American could walk down the National Mall in Washington . It is a humbling and inspiring experience . The story of our country is told there in museums , monuments and memorials that commemorate the individuals and events that have shaped our history , molded our national character , and woven the very fabric of our nation . But , while there are many fitting memorials to fallen soldiers , as well as monuments to our founding fathers , there is nothing for disabled veterans . They are the only historically significant group that has not been recognized in such a manner . That is why the Memorial is so important . Much work still needs to be done , from fundraising and building an endowment to actual construction . We have faith that the American people -- individuals , foundations , and corporations -- will continue to lend their support . It is not possible to look into the eyes of any disabled veteran and not feel compelled to do something to recognize what he or she has given up for our sake , for the freedoms that we take them for granted . John Quincy Adams said : "  You will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom . I hope you will make good use of it . " This Veterans Day , let us think on the words of America 's sixth president . Let us pay special honor and be inspired by the over 3 million who continue to bear the scars of war long after the guns have fallen silent and the memory of their sacrifice has faded from the public 's consciousness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sinise , Lois Pope and Arthur Wilson .	Gary Sinise , Lois Pope and Arthur Wilson say many return from war disabled Yesterday was groundbreaking for The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial The monument will be reminder of those who return from war , injured , changed Writers : Fundraising , construction remain for monument ; Americans should support it
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Ken Umeano went to watch the summer sci-fi blockbuster "  District 9 , " he stormed out after 30 minutes . "  District 9 " was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it . "  I was so angry , " said Umeano , a Nigeria native living in Atlanta . "  They were showing Nigerians as corrupt , eating aliens , saying they have sex with aliens . I could not watch that . " The movie set in South Africa is a story about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg -- leaving the stranded creatures in a fierce battle with humans . In the film , Nigerians jump at an opportunity to exploit the aliens , who are being kicked out by their South African hosts . A Nigerian gangster provides the aliens with a range of paid services including prostitutes , food and weapons . The depiction has sparked an outcry , including a Facebook group condemning its portrayal of Nigerians . Officials in the West African country have banned it and are demanding an apology from Sony Pictures , the film 's principle distributor through Tri-Star Pictures . "  Why do they want to denigrate Nigerians as criminals , cannibals and prostitutes who sleep with extra-terrestrial animals ? " said Dora Akunyili , information minister . "  We 've had enough with the stereotypes they have branded us with ... we are not going to sit back and allow people to stigmatize us . " The movie will not be shown in Nigeria unless Sony apologizes and edits out any references to the country , she said . Sony pointed out that Nigerian authorities cleared the film for release , and it screened in that country for two weeks . " ` District 9 ' is a work of science fiction , and no offense was intended toward any country or person , " the company said . Watch how the film reflects South Africa 's former apartheid " The film was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it , and it was adapted from Blomkamp 's 2005 short , "  Alive in Joburg . " "  Lord of the Rings " producer-director Peter Jackson produced "  District 9 . " Sony 's involvement was limited to distribution . Malawian actor , Eugene Khumbanyiwa , 33 , who plays the top Nigerian gangster , defended his role in the movie . "  I was just doing my job as an actor , " Khumbanyiwa said . "  My job was to play a character as an underworld gangster and I did ... I 'm just going to run away from this whole controversy . " Khumbanyiwa said the outcry was a surprise because his Nigerian co-stars did not have an issue with it . The scenes depicting Nigerians make up less than 10 minutes of the 113-minute film . In some places , Nigerians are shown trying to eat alien flesh to cure illnesses and acquire superhuman powers . Khumbanyiwa 's character is named Obesandjo -- which Akunyili said is an attack on former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo . Some Nigerians said the movie feeds off stereotypes associated with the country . "  Everyone has this image of Nigeria , " Umeano said . "  A lot of people have given Nigeria a bad name , but that does not mean the whole country is bad . " While Clement Nyirenda believes the director should have used a fictional country , he said the outcry is much ado about nothing . After all , he said , the Nigerian movie industry , Nollywood , is filled with the same characterizations . "  The  Nollywood  movies show Nigerians as witch doctors , corrupt , a lot worse , " Nyirenda said . "  Nigeria is mostly known for 419 scams ... the government officials should focus on cleaning the image . " The term "  419 scams " refers to spam e-mails that ask for money and bank information . Akunyili said the country is trying to "  rebrand itself away from such images . " The Nollywood industry is undergoing a makeover , too , she added . "  District 9 " made $ 73 million in its first 10 days . Blomkamp , who grew up in Johannesburg , told CNN last month that he did n't want the sci-fi tale about aliens and apartheid to be defined by politics . "  I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " Blomkamp said . "  I rather wanted to say this is the city I grew up in , this is what it felt like . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Film is about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg , South Africa Nigerians try to eat alien flesh , gangster gives them prostitutes , food and weapons Depictions "  promoting stereotypes " sparked outcry ; Nigeria has banned the film Nigerian officials stipulate distributor must apologize , edit out references to country
CNN  A 17-year-old teen who has been living at Connecticut Children 's Medical Center since December while being forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin 's lymphoma has completed treatment and left the hospital Monday , according to her attorney , Josh Michtom . Cassandra C. , as she is identified in court documents , was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families by a judge in December . She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated . Earlier this month , CNN reported that she was in remission , feeling well and her treatment was almost complete . Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma in September , and doctors gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated but said she would die within two years if left untreated . She started the treatment in November but ran away after two days , according to court documents , when she decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body . That 's when a judge ordered her into custody of the state . Attorneys for the teen and her mom have tried to appeal , but they did not succeed . Cassandra remained in the hospital . In the most recent legal maneuvering , a judge denied a request by Cassandra 's attorney to allow her return home on grounds that she was no longer at risk for imminent harm . Now that her treatment is complete , the temporary order of custody ends , Michtom told CNN . Previously he said the hospital was "  effectively a jail " to his client . "  As we do for every patient we care for at Connecticut Children 's , we wish her the best for a happy and healthy future , " Robert Fraleigh , director of corporate communications for Connecticut Children 's Medical Center , said in a statement Monday . Joette Katz , commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families , said in a statement that they are pleased that Cassandra is healthy and has recovered . She credits the doctors at Children 's Medical Center and the staff at her department for this happy outcome . Acknowledging that the ordeal has been difficult for Cassandra and her family , Katz said , "  We were responsible to save Cassandra 's life under these circumstances , and we are very happy that she is now moving successfully to another phase in her life -- a healthy and happy one . "	Teen allowed to return home now that her chemotherapy is complete ` Cassandra ' was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma in September Teen was in temporary custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families
Washington  CNN  -- Comedian Bill Cosby received the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor on Monday after refusing to accept the award twice in the past . Cosby , known for his clean acts that do not include profanity , declined the previous prizes because he was turned off by language used at the first Mark Twain Prize ceremony in 1998 honoring the late comedian Richard Pryor . "  I made it clear that there were certain people who misunderstood what Richard was about and how they were using words , "  Cosby said . ` And I was not about to have that celebrating Mark Twain and Bill Cosby . " Cosby accepted this year after the Kennedy Center promised not to repeat "  the foolishness at Richard Pryor 's celebration , " Cosby said . Stars including comedians Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld , musicians Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis and "  The Cosby Show " co-stars Phylicia Rashad and Malcolm-Jamal Warner helped honor Cosby during the ceremony at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts . Comedian Sinbad , who is also known for his clean comedy acts , said Cosby showed him that comedy without foul language could still have "  bite . " " -LSB- Bill -RSB- Cosby showed me that a person could be clean and make money and be effective , " Sinbad said . "  Bill Cosby is one of the greatest comedians this country has ever produced , " said comedian Carl Reiner , a past Mark Twain Prize recipient . Cosby 's career spans more than four decades . He started out performing stand-up comedy in small clubs in Greenwich Village in New York . He eventually landed a pivotal co-starring role in the 1960s television series "  I Spy . " One of his best-known roles was as Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable on the 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show " The show portrayed an upper-middle-class African-American family and is credited with helping revive NBC 's fortunes and for blazing a path for other shows featuring African-Americans . "  How far I could go had barriers in front of it . And it is because of civil rights , because of the winning of the people of all color ... we 're here today , " Cosby said . "  I just feel like a master . I feel good . And I 'm comfortable . " The Mark Twain Prize for American Humor is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence American society . Past recipients include George Carlin , Billy Crystal , Steve Martin and Whoopi Goldberg . The event is scheduled to air on PBS on November 4 .	Mark Twain Prize is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence society Bill Cosby refused award twice because poor language was used to honor Richard Pryor Past recipients include George Carlin , Billy Crystal , Steve Martin and Whoopi Goldberg
CNN  -- Germans may be full of indignation at the alleged tapping of Angela Merkel 's phone by the U.S National Security Agency -- but the outrage is more than the disappointment of being betrayed by a friend , for the shadows of Germany 's past are never far away . Not 25 years ago , Chancellor Merkel was a young scientist behind the Iron Curtain . She grew up a pastor 's daughter which , under one party Communist rule in East Germany , put her on the fringes of society . People who moved in religious circles were considered problematic because they often did not conform to the party line . And those who did n't follow party rules came under scrutiny , had their choices of a career and a life limited , and sooner or later became a case for the Stasi , the secret police of East Germany . It was the Stasi , the "  shield and sword " of the Communist party , that was charged with ensuring the power of the party . And it did that mostly by monitoring of people and their behavior . Because even in a regime as repressive as East Germany , people wanted to express who they really were . Many found the courage to follow their hearts and thus became a danger to the existing power structure . That is why the Stasi became an all-encompassing entity in East Germany . It had to have its eyes and ears everywhere possible to make sure "  enemies " of the party were uncovered early and disrupted in their activity . OPINION : Merkel 's anger is genuine In the fall of 1989 , shortly before the Berlin Wall fell , the Stasi had 91,000 staffers and some 173,000 unofficial collaborators , according to their own files . Many more contributed through official functions to the information gathering of the secret police on co-workers , fellow students , neighbors , visitors , even friends and sometimes family . Any and all technical means , including phone tapping , were used by the Stasi to gather information . Many thousands of people landed in jail for their desire to travel freely , to express their opinions openly and to vote for candidates they wanted -- to exercise their human rights , in essence . When finally people gathered the courage to stand up against the repression of the Communist party , one of the accomplishments of the Peaceful Revolution of 1989 was the opening of the Stasi archive . People demanded the accessibility of these files to reclaim their stolen lives , to make public and transparent the secret system that had kept them under control for so long . Over the past 20 years Germany through the Stasi archives has examined the exact mechanisms of control through the secret police to better understand their vast network of information gathering and its consequences on the lives of many people . This has been a constant part of public debate in Germany . In its course the Stasi became synonymous for blanket surveillance and for uncontrolled access of a state into its own citizens ' lives . So when the Chancellor 's phone is bugged , Germans do n't have the bliss of ignorance as Americans might have . Germans ca n't convince themselves that surveillance might serve a higher purpose , or that it 's acceptable because it 's happening to everyone else in the world . Unlike the Americans we have experienced the dangers of a nation that condones unchecked state power . We 've seen the results when a state does not respect laws and its citizens ' right to privacy and human rights . OPINION : Why White House ` ignorance ' does n't cut it Granted , it is not as simple as "  the NSA = the Stasi . " We have thoroughly studied the mechanisms of dictatorship so we can sharpen our senses for democracy . What is different today ? Phone tapping as a source of information gathering is an intelligence tool regardless of the regime using it . Discussing it in public and demanding stricter rules for its implementation is something that was not possible for four decades in East Germany . It is something we do today , knowing full well the dangers to democracy if we do n't . The vast ocean of digital information that each and every one of us contributes to as a consequence of modern life has created a new reality . It has created never before imagined opportunities for businesses , for personal connectivity , for politics , and for intelligence gathering . And it also makes one wonder what the Stasi would have done with a vast information hub like Facebook that would have let it pry into many , many lives and gather personal information beyond its wildest dreams . But it is precisely because of the Stasi 's hunger for information and its abuse of East Germany 's citizens that we are today so sensitive about modern day surveillance . It is not just about a wiretapped phone -- it is a reminder of the fragility of free societies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dagmar Hovestädt .	Hovestädt : Germans see surveillance differently than U.S. due to Stasi Stasi were East Germany 's secret police during Cold War era of Communist one party rule Hovestädt : Germans have seen danger of condoning unchecked state power
CNN  -- In an age when many people become celebrities through looks or connections , Jennifer Hudson 's rise to fame came the old-fashioned way : through talent , hard work and a close-knit family . Jennifer Hudson is in a new movie , "  The Secret Life of Bees , " and recently released her first solo album . At a time when the singer is in a new movie , "  The Secret Life of Bees , " and recently released her first solo album , Hudson is now back in the public eye largely due to a family tragedy . Hudson 's mother , Darnell Donerson , and brother , Jason Hudson , were found shot to death Friday in their Chicago home . The body of the singer 's missing 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found in an SUV on Monday morning . Julian 's stepfather , William Balfour , was detained over the weekend for questioning in connection with the case , a police spokesperson told CNN . He was subsequently transferred to prison on a parole violation charge , the spokesperson said . Balfour 's mother has acknowledged that her son has been questioned about the shootings , but said he had nothing to do with the crime . No charges had been filed against anyone in connection with the murders . iReport.com : Reaction to Hudson family tragedy The tragedy is a sad turn for the 27-year-old actress and singer , who first earned national notice for her performances on "  American Idol " in 2004 and won an Oscar for best supporting actress for 2006 's "  Dreamgirls . " Hudson 's singing career began in her church choir in the South Side Chicago neighborhood of Englewood when she was a child . She remained devoted to singing all the way through Chicago 's Dunbar Vocational High School , where there is now a Jennifer Hudson Room .  She 's in good company ; Dunbar 's alumni include Lou Rawls and two of the Staple Singers . "  People would say it was unusual for such a small girl to have such a big voice , " she told Reuters in 2006 . "  They would say , ` She sounds like she 's grown . ' " After finishing school , she performed in the musical "  Big River " at a Chicago-area dinner theater and took a job on a cruise line . In 2003 , she auditioned for "  American Idol " in Atlanta , Georgia , and managed to earn her way to the top-rated show with a performance of "  Easy to be Hard , " the "  Hair " ballad popularized by Three Dog Night . "  Idol " proved to be an uneven experience for Hudson . After the show narrowed down its 12 finalists , she started slowly , at times almost being voted off , but eventually her song choices -- including Elton John 's "  Circle of Life " and Whitney Houston 's "  I Have Nothing " -- made her one of the favorites . Sir Elton himself believed she was the "  best of the lot . " ` Idol ' friend speaks out about Hudson case In the end , Hudson did n't even come close to making "  Idol 's " final two , being voted off midway in the show 's run . However , her performances had established her as a talent to watch , and in May 2005 -- several months after finishing the traditional post - "  Idol " group tour -- she was contacted by a casting agency about the part of Effie , the tragic soul of "  Dreamgirls . " In the musical , which concerns an all-girl trio much like the Supremes , Effie is a weight-challenged musical powerhouse who begins as the group 's leader but is dropped as both performer and lover by the group 's manager for the more statuesque singer Deena . The role features the musical 's showstopping song , "  And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going , " and won Jennifer Holliday a Tony Award when "  Dreamgirls " ran on Broadway . Hudson was unfamiliar with "  Dreamgirls " when she auditioned , but she allegedly beat out almost 800 other women for the role -- including her former "  Idol " rival , Fantasia Barrino , who had been the third-season winner . The role 's high-pitched emotions were a challenge , Hudson told the Chicago Sun-Times in 2006 . "  I had to find a way into it , " she said to the newspaper . " -LSB- Director -RSB- Bill Condon sent me into ` Diva 101 . ' He told me I was too nice . So I 'd come into the room angry , but tell all the ADs , ` Bill told me to do this . This is Effie and not Jennifer . ' I had to learn how to separate myself from the character with that attitude . That was Bill 's main concern . Effie had to have that edge . " Her performance won her across-the-board raves . Variety compared her turn to Barbra Streisand 's award-winning debut in "  Funny Girl , " among others . It also led to a host of awards , including supporting actress honors from the New York Critics Circle , Golden Globes , the British Academy of Film and Television Arts and -- finally -- the Academy Awards . At the Oscar show , Hudson tearfully thanked her grandmother , whom she described as her "  biggest inspiration . " Julia Kate Hudson , who sang at Pleasant Gift Missionary Baptist Church , where Hudson got her start , died in 1998 . Since winning the Oscar , Hudson has been a mainstay of celebrity magazines , which have broadcast news of her engagement to "  I Love New York 2 " contestant David Otunga , regularly singled her out as an example of a healthy plus-sized body type and held her up as an "  Idol " made good . She 's continued her movie career with performances in "  Sex and the City : The Movie " and "  The Secret Life of Bees , " both of which came out in 2008 . She sang the national anthem at the Democratic National Convention in August at the personal request of Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign . According to many reports , Hudson has remained humble amid all the attention . She remains devoted to the church -- "  Church is where I 'm from . It will always be my favorite place to sing , and that 's where I 'd like to go back to , " Hudson told the Sun-Times -- and uses her against-all-odds biography to inspire others . "  I 've had a similar journey as Effie , " Hudson told the Sun-Times . "  Me being a part of ` Idol , ' her being part of the group . ... We both go through our journeys , trying to hold on to our dream and achieve our goal . We have hardships , but we prevail at the end . "	Jennifer Hudson 's rise to fame came the old-fashioned way Hudson 's mother , brother , nephew found dead in Chicago , Illinois Singer beat out more than 800 other women for role in "  Dreamgirls " Hudson 's first national recognition came on "  American Idol "
Semi-ambidextrous Nicholas Cronquist rebelled against third-grade cursive lessons . "  I remember I hated it and I told my teacher I thought it was dumb , " he says . Cronquist , now 26 , eventually learned to like using his left hand to inscribe strings of words . But typing papers while at the University of North Dakota and choosing a career rooted in technology drastically decreased the amount he wrote by hand , causing writing in cursive to become uncomfortable and painful . So he switched to printing right-handed while still signing his name with the left . "  I do n't even think I know how to write in cursive anymore , " says Cronquist , who now lives and works in Laos . Technology is constantly increasing communication speeds , often anticipating words before our brains can send signals to our fingers . But experts say handwriting is being sacrificed for the sake of technology 's convenience . People like Cronquist say they communicate so much via laptops , phones and tablets that they rarely need to scribble a handwritten note . This trend is reinforced by a 2012 study that found 33 % of people had difficulty reading their own handwriting . Docmail , a UK-based printing and mailing company , conducted the study and concluded that one in three participants had not been required to produce something in handwriting for more than half a year . It also found that updating calendars , phone books and reminder notes was more likely to be completed without using a pen . Finally , more than half of participants said their handwriting was noticeably declining . The state of handwriting in the United States , which celebrates National Handwriting Day every January 23 -- John Hancock 's birthday -- is not much better , says Wendy Carlson , a handwriting expert and forensic document examiner . Carlson works as an expert court witness , maintaining offices in Denver and Dallas . She says the dramatic decline of handwriting is causing "  great " deterioration of the mind . "  Texting played a role in it because people are trying to write quick short sentences , " she says . "  People are n't using their minds and they are relying on technology to make the decisions for them . " Carlson says cursive writing combines mental and physical processes which involve both sides of the brain . She says she 's noticed that the number of people who write cursive decreases as technology becomes the most dominant means of communication . "  If you are typing or texting , it 's a matter of punching and finger-moving , " she says . "  You are doing very little thinking because you are not allowing your brain to form neural processes . " Jan Olsen is the founder and president of Handwriting Without Tears , a company that creates handwriting curriculum guides and workbooks for teachers and students from kindergarten through fifth grade . She says handwriting , especially cursive , is viewed as old-fashioned by some . Lernstift smartpen checks your spelling as you write "  The only reason to write anything is to retrieve it later , " she said . "  So you need to have it legible . " Cursive requirements in U.S. public schools have declined as access to technology increases . Alabama , California , Georgia , Idaho , Massachusetts and North Carolina require cursive and several other states are considering it . The Washington Post reported in April that 45 states have adopted common core standards for education . Such standards are designed to provoke thought while at the same time preparing students to pass standardized tests , but they do not include a cursive learning requirement . In other words , many kids today are growing up without having to learn the looping , elegant script that was demanded of their parents and grandparents . Going forward , it will be up to individual states to decide whether to require cursive and then up to school districts to make it a focal part of the curriculum . Burdened by budget cuts , it is likely many states and districts will choose to have students type instead of write . Olsen , 72 , says the writing styles used in technology and handwriting conflict . Texts and instant messages require use of communication English , while writing requires use of standard English , she says . "  To achieve in the world , people need to use standard  English  . " But the irony is that Olsen , who communicates via text message on her iPhone , says Handwriting Without Tears must be tech-savvy to remain competitive . In addition to its workbooks , the company offers an electronic teaching guide and an app . "  At work we have technology up the kazoo , " she says . Nation of adults who will write like children ? Francis Smith , a bank officer living in Gibraltar , says that while technology allows instantaneous communication , he is nostalgic about handwriting due to its permanence and tangibility . "  If there is no electricity , none of  technology  will work , " he says . "  Notebooks have served us for a couple thousand years . " Smith , a former civil servant , used to write for work , but has spent the last 23 years typing on a PC . He says it has negatively impacted his handwriting to the point that people would never guess he won a handwriting contest when he was a child . "  It 's a shame that now when you write quickly it looks like it 's by someone who has not had an education , " he says . Smith , 52 , says he 's started using a fountain pen to try to improve his penmanship . "  It 's got a lovely feel to it , " he says . "  It 's not very practical . " Smith says he wants to recapture his ability to write cursive . Cronquist , however , is happy that printing allows him to write legibly . "  My right-handed printing is not too terrible , " he says . "  It 's slow , but readable . " Spot-on handwriting analysis surprises	One-third of participants in a study had trouble reading their own handwriting Core education standards in U.S. schools no longer include handwriting requirements Communicating via technology requires using different English from handwriting National Handwriting Day is celebrated on John Hancock 's birthday , January 23
Lindsay Lohan has filed suit against a video game maker , alleging the company based the likeness of a character on her . The actress filed suit Wednesday in a Manhattan court against Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. and its subsidiaries , Rockstar Games and Rockstar North , over the character of Lacey Jonas from the game "  Grand Theft Auto V. " According to the suit , Lohan alleges the company based the character on her and "  incorporated her image , likeness , clothing , outfits , Plaintiff 's clothing line products , ensemble in the form of hats , hair style , sunglasses , jean shorts worn by Plaintiff that were for sale to the public at least two years before the Defendant 's release of the GTA V game . " The suit goes on to say that "  the game also features Hotel Chateau  Marmont  in West Hollywood , a place where the Plaintiff once lived and often frequents . " In the popular video game , the character is an actress who complains of being pursued by paparazzi and asks another character to help her flee . The character utters such lines as , "  They can not get a shot of me , " and "  How 's my hair ? Do I look cute ? " In an e-mail , a spokesman for the company told CNN , "  It is our company policy to not comment on legal matters . " It would not be the first time Lohan has taken to the courts alleging others were trading on her and her image . In 2010 she sued E * Trade over a Super Bowl commercial that made mention of "  that milkaholic Lindsay , " which Lohan alleged was a reference to her . In 2011 she sued rapper Pitbull for using her name in a lyric of the song "  Give Me Everything Tonight . " The suit against E * Trade was reportedly settled , and her suit against Pitbull was dismissed , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Lindsay Lohan will star on London 's West End in ` Speed-the-Plow ' Lindsay Lohan : Miscarriage interrupted ` Lindsay ' filming	Lindsay Lohan files suit in a Manhattan court She alleges a character in "  Grand Theft Auto V " is based on her The character of Lacey Jones in the game attempts to flee from photographers
CNN  -- Inter Milan has been hit with a $ 58,600 by UEFA after being found guilty of "  improper conduct " following allegations its fans racially abused Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor . The Togolese striker , who scored a precious away goal to take Tottenham through to the next round during last month 's Europa League tie , appeared to be subjected to monkey chants , while a fan was also seen with an inflatable banana . Inter won the match 4-1 but crashed out of Europe 's second-tier competition on the away goals rule with Adebayor 's strike proving crucial . The Italian club was also charged with "  insufficient organization " and "  throwing of missiles and/or fireworks . " Inter has already been punished in domestic competition after the Italian football authorities found its fans guilty of racially abusing former players Mario Balotelli and Sulley Muntari , who now play for fierce rival AC Milan . The club was fined $ 65,500 for the incident which took place in March , while it was also forced to pay out $ 22,700 after fans sang racist chants about Balotelli during a Serie A game against Chievo . Inter is one of two Italian clubs to have been punished by UEFA for racist behavior this season with Lazio having been hit with four charges this campaign alone . Lazio was punished with a $ 52,000 fine in February on the back of the $ 230,000 it was forced to pay for racist abuse and other offenses during two group stage games against Tottenham and Slovenian side Maribor . Meanwhile , Benfica has been fined $ 41,000 for organizational problems and the conduct of its supporters during last month 's Europa League clash against Bordeaux in Lisbon .	Inter Milan fined $ 58,500 for its fans ' racist abuse against Tottenham 's Emmanuel Adebayor Inter won the game 4-1 but went out on away goals during contest last month Benfica hit with 41,600 fine for crowd incidents against Bordeaux Both clubs have the chance to appeal against the verdicts
CNN  -- France 's top court ruled Friday that a bill permitting same-sex marriage and allowing gay couples to adopt children adheres to the constitution . President Francois Hollande is expected to sign the bill into law on Saturday . After the lower house of Parliament , dominated by Hollande 's governing Socialist Party , passed the bill last month , conservative and centrist senators filed a legal challenge with the court , the Constitutional Council . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? The legislation admits France to a small but growing club . Lawmakers in New Zealand this year made it the first country in the Asia-Pacific region to legalize same-sex marriage . The law is set to be enacted later this year . Its move came a week after Uruguayan lawmakers approved a measure allowing same-sex marriage . The measure awaits the signature of Uruguay 's president , who has indicated he supports it . If and when the laws in New Zealand , Uruguay and France are enacted as expected , the count of nations allowing same-sex marriage will rise to 14 . France would be the ninth country in Europe to allow same sex marriage . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 , with others following suit in Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . Argentina was the first Latin American nation to legalize such marriages , in 2010 . Other countries on the list are Denmark , Iceland , Norway , Portugal and Sweden . Many countries remain split over the issue . A Brazilian court this week issued a directive removing a barrier that had limited same-sex marriage , but no bill has made it through Congress . Legislators in the United Kingdom are also weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . Lawmakers in Australia voted against a bill to legalize same-sex marriage last September . A poll for the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality indicated that 64 % of those surveyed "  support marriage equality . " In the United States , the question went before the Supreme Court and justices are now deliberating over the matter . Twelve U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriages . On the other side , many states have specific laws blocking same-sex couples from legally marrying .	Hollande is expected to sign the bill on Saturday 12 U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriage Several countries have OK 'd it , while others are split on the issue
CNN  -- Forty years ago this week , three men in a tiny spacecraft slipped their earthly bonds and traveled where no one else had before , circling the moon 10 times and bringing back an iconic image of a blue-and-white Earth in the distance , solitary but bound as one against the black vastness beyond . Host Nick Clooney  left  and astronauts Frank Borman , Jim Lovell and William Anders answer questions in October . The voyage of Apollo 8 from December 21-27 , 1968 , marked humans ' first venture to another heavenly body . "  We were flying to the moon for the first time , " said Jim Lovell , one of the three astronauts aboard the historic flight . "  Seeing the far side of the moon for the first time . Coming around and seeing the Earth as it really is -- a small fragile planet with a rather normal star , our sun . " But beyond the monumental aspects of such a scientific achievement , the feat was a major psychological and emotional boost for many Americans at the end of a particularly bad year in U.S. history . The Tet offensive in January 1968 had left many Americans shocked and doubting that victory in Vietnam was possible . In April , the Rev. Martin Luther King was assassinated , and streets throughout the nation erupted in fire and fury . Sen. Robert F. Kennedy was gunned down two months later . That summer , the nation watched in horror as police and anti-war protesters battled in the streets of Chicago during the Democratic National Convention . The launch of Apollo 7 in October was a major victory for NASA , putting the space program back on track after a 22-month interruption because of a launch pad fire that had killed three astronauts in January 1967 . Then came Apollo 8 . Gallery : Images of the Apollo 8 mission " "  Providence happened to put everything together at the end of the year to give the American public an uplift after what had been a poor year , " Lovell told CNN on Monday . Reaching the moon was "  a big psychological step , " said Apollo 7 astronaut Walter Cunningham . "  The public said , ` Hey , human beings are going to another body in the solar system , ' " Cunningham told CNN in a telephone interview from his home in Houston , Texas . The mission produced one of the most famous photos from the space program , showing a large chunk of gray moon in the foreground and a dappled blue-and-white , three-quarter Earth rising in the distance . Apollo 8 also produced what to many was one of the most inspirational and soothing moments in history when Lovell and crewmates Frank Borman and William A. Anders took turns reading from the Book of Genesis . It was Christmas Eve and the whole world was watching . NASA said at the time it was expected to be the largest TV audience to date . The astronauts signed off with these words : "  And from the crew of Apollo 8 , we close with good night , good luck , a merry Christmas and God bless all of you , all of you on the good earth . " The timing could not have been better , Lovell said . "  It happened that it all jelled , " he said by telephone . "  The fact that we circled the moon on Christmas Eve . A screenwriter could n't have done a better job . " The success of the mission also gave the United States a major boost in its race against the Soviet Union to see who would get to the moon first . The United States would land two men on the moon in the summer of 1969 on Apollo 11 , beating the Soviets and fulfilling a goal set by former President John F. Kennedy at the beginning of the decade . "  There was a great psychological significance of sending a spacecraft to the moon , " Cunningham said . "  It was not a psychological leap for any of us -LSB- astronauts -RSB- to go to the moon . " The astronauts , he said , were used to taking risks and knew they could do it . But NASA officials had some tough choices to make . "  For the people on the ground , it was a big step for them , " Cunningham said . "  Making life-and-death decisions about somebody else 's life is a lot more difficult than making one about your own . " For astronaut Edgar Mitchell , the sixth person to walk on the moon , the Apollo 8 mission signified a major milestone in human history , much like when the Phoenicians started exploring the Mediterranean Sea nearly 3,000 years earlier . "  We became citizens of the galaxy , as opposed to citizens of the planet , " Mitchell said Monday . "  For my parents ' generation , it was aviation , " said Mitchell , who is 78 . "  My generation went off the planet altogether . We became the first generation of spacefarers . " For the astronauts , most of them former test pilots , going to the moon was just another job . Were they fully aware of the significance of what they were accomplishing , Lovell is asked . "  No , " he says immediately . "  We were focused on trying to do the right thing . Focused on trying to accomplish something . " Lovell went on to fly another historic mission , Apollo 13 in April 1970 . That flight , which he commanded , became famous when an oxygen system aboard the craft blew up and the three astronauts had to limp around the moon and back to Earth using makeshift and improvised systems . Their triumph over adversity was immortalized in the movie "  Apollo 13 , " in which Tom Hanks played Lovell . Lovell was supposed to land on the moon that time , but did not make it . "  Twice a bridesmaid , never a bride , " he said with a laugh , admitting that for years he harbored resentment that the mission had been a "  failure . " It was only in later years , Lovell said , that he fully realized what a success that mission had been , as he and his two crewmates returned safely to Earth . "  It is mind-boggling in some respects , " he said Monday .	Apollo 8 came at end of difficult year in world history , 1968 Astronauts circled the moon on Christmas Eve ; they were first to go that far Famous photo of Earth , reading from Genesis ended year on a better note
A little more than two years ago , Ted Harada felt his left leg weakening , and he found himself quickly running out of breath . Doctors first thought he had asthma , but in May 2010 they told him he probably had ALS , or Lou Gehrig 's disease . In August 2010 , doctors confirmed Harada , then 38 , had the fatal disease , and he knew it was progressing . "  Every month they -LSB- doctors -RSB- could see deterioration , " Harada said . ALS patients lose muscle function in the lungs until they can no longer breathe . Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure within three to five years of first symptoms , according to the National Institute of Health . The disease causes nerves to wither and the lungs to stop working . About 10 % of ALS patients live 10 years or longer . Harada joined a clinical trial at Emory University in Atlanta , where doctors were injecting neural stem cells -- the precursors to nerve cells -- into the lower spinal cord of ALS patients . Before the procedure , Harada walked with a cane and would get winded just by walking to the mailbox . He had to quit his job as a manager for a shredding company . He was so tired he could n't play with his three children . He was too weak to pick up his youngest child . He could n't even open a Ziploc bag . Harada hoped the treatment would help , but he did n't expect it to . However , two weeks after getting the stem cell injections in March , he says he started to feel better . "  It 's been nothing short of miraculous , " he says . "  I can not begin to explain the difference it has made . " He has n't touched his cane in months , he says , and his breathing has improved . "  I was afraid I would wake up and the improvements would be gone , " Harada said . Dr. Jonathan Glass , who is overseeing the clinical trial at Emory , and Dr. Nicholas Boulis , who invented the surgical procedure used to inject the stem cells , explained to patients that participation in the trial would not cure or even benefit them personally , but it would help doctors learn more about how to treat ALS in the future . The first phase of any clinical trial is to prove that a treatment wo n't injure patients , not that the treatment works , said Dr. Eva Feldman , who designed the clinical trial at Emory . The first part of the ALS study , sponsored by the Maryland-based biotech company Neuralstem , is designed to show that the surgical procedure to inject the stem cells into the spine is safe , and that the patients ' bodies wo n't reject them . According to researchers , the cells did not harm any of the 12 patients in the Emory study , nor did they accelerate the progression of their ALS . "  I need to temper my excitement because it 's a very small patient population , " said Feldman , president of the American Neurological Association . But the facts are not discouraging . She presented early data from the study Monday at the neurological group 's annual meeting in San Diego . "  We have cautious optimism that a few of the patients may have slowed in their progression of lower extremity weakness , and one patient may have improved , " her report said . Of the 12 patients in the trial , two have died . John Cornick 's disease had progressed further than Harada 's by the time he received the stem cell injections in 2010 . He was already in a wheelchair , and he knew participating in the clinical trial would n't cure him . But he told CNN in April 2010 that the only way doctors were going to figure out how to cure ALS was to have people willing to participate in clinical trials . "  For me it just seemed like the right thing to do , " he said . Cornick died of ALS in May . Another patient in the study , a 39-year old man , died of a heart attack . Feldman said the conditions of eight of the remaining 10 patients have not changed . Based on these results , she and her team in Georgia are asking the Food and Drug Administration to allow them to move to the next part of the trial : Injecting stem cells higher on the spine - into the cervical spinal cord , which is in the neck . Harada is optimistic that research like this will give other patients hope and lead to treatments in the future . He realizes he has n't been cured , but it 's like his clock has been set back , he says . He feels like he did when symptoms first started to appear in 2009 . "  I know I still have ALS . I am so grateful for this gift regardless of how long or short it lasts , " he said . "  I can go through most days without thinking I have ALS . "	Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure within three to five years of first symptoms Patients in Emory University clinical trial have neural stem cells injected into spinal cord First part of trial is designed to show injecting neural stem cells into the spine is safe
Washington  CNN  The U.S. military is trying to gather as much intelligence as it can about ISIS defenses in Mosul to make a key decision about whether it 's necessary to recommend American ground troops accompany Iraqi forces on the looming fight to retake Iraq 's second largest city . The first move by Iraqi forces on the ground could come as soon as April , a U.S. Central Command official told CNN . ISIS is continuing to attempt to reinforce its defenses of Mosul . If those defenses grow to a significant level , then Iraqi forces may need U.S. help in locating military targets to hit , the official said . If ISIS defenses reach that critical point , the Pentagon and Central Command may then recommend to President Obama that U.S. troops be involved , the official said . Gen. Lloyd Austin , head of Central Command , and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs , have both suggested a small number of U.S. troops could be needed to help with targeting , but not to go into combat . Now there is a more specific explanation of the trigger -- ISIS defenses -- that could cause the recommendation to go to the President . The United States already is observing ISIS members protecting their families by sending them out of Mosul , the official said . Recent coalition airstrikes around Mosul have been aimed at cutting off all supply lines to ISIS in the city . That way , when the military operation begins , ISIS will be isolated inside Mosul and unable to reinforce its fighters . Centcom believes ISIS has lost the ability to gain significant new amounts of territory in Iraq and hold onto it , the official said . And in both Iraq and Syria , the assessment is that ISIS fighters are stretched so thin , leaders are having to make choices and prioritize where they want to put their resources and fighters , the official added . That became a key reason they abandoned the fight for Kobani . There is also some evidence that the number of foreign fighters coming into Syria and Iraq may have declined over the last four to five months . However , hostage killings videos do underscore that the ISIS social media propaganda campaign remains strong , the official said . U.S. military and intelligence officials are noting the highly produced nature of some of the videos indicate ISIS had spent considerable time on the efforts .	Iraqi forces could begin to move to retake Mosul as soon as April , a U.S. official says ISIS is continuing to try to reinforce its defenses of Mosul
CNN  Five young Chinese feminists , whose detention has provoked an international outcry , may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing , Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for International Women 's Day on March 8 . Wang Qiushi , the lawyer for one of the women , Wei Tingting , said police had recommended on April 6 that prosecutors press charges of "  assembling a crowd to disturb public order . " Wang told CNN that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by Monday . "  We hope that the prosecutors will not approve a formal arrest warrant , following the laws and standing up to pressure , " he said . "  But nobody knows what to expect till Monday ; we can do nothing but wait . " The five were initially held on suspicion of "  picking quarrels and provoking trouble . " Wang said he did n't know why the charge against the women changed . "  Neither should constitute a crime , " he said . Campaign group Amnesty International said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years . "  The women were doing nothing wrong , nothing illegal . They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment , " William Nee , China researcher at Amnesty International told CNN . "  Everything they were doing was in line with China 's own laws and policies . " Wang said that Wei had been subject to lengthy cross examinations during her detention but was well the last time they met on March 31 . Two of the women are said to be in poor health . He added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for International Women 's Day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence and for more public toilets for women . The five -- who are members of China 's Women 's Rights Action Group -- had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "  stop sexual harassment , let us stay safe " and "  go police , go arrest those who committed sexual harassment ! " on women 's day . The detention of Wei , along with Wu Rongrong , Li Tingting , Wang Man and Zheng Churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community . Protests have taken place in several cities , including Hong Kong , that urge Chinese officials to "  free the five . " A social media campaign also uses the phrase as a hashtag . On Monday , Hillary Clinton , former U.S. secretary of state , tweeted that the activists ' detention was "  inexcusable . " Her comment drew a rebuke from Chinese authorities , who said public figures should respect China 's sovereignty and independence . Maya Wang , China researcher at Human Rights Watch , said the activists were best known for their "  performance art " style protests -- occupying public toilets to highlight long lines at women 's restrooms , donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women . "  These activists epitomize the spirit of the times . They are young , confident , ready to challenge established norms , " Wang said . As China prepares to mark the anniversary of landmark UN Fourth World Conference on Women in September , it will be hard for authorities to justify detaining the activists , she added .	Five young women have been detained by China since early March They campaigned against sexual harassment Their detention has attracted international criticism
Life by DailyBurn  -- Picture it : A four-day competition , with two to four workouts a day that consist of running , swimming , muscle-ups , 345-pound squat cleans , handstand push-ups , rope climbs , double unders , handstand walks , 245-pound overhead squats and more , against 43 of the most in-shape competitors you know , all with the title of Fittest on Earth on the line . Now imagine doing it four years in a row â $ " and winning every time . That 's what Rich Froning did as he secured his fourth consecutive title as the Fittest Man on Earth at the CrossFit Games this past July . DailyBurn : 5 beginner-friendly CrossFit workouts Froning , who has been said to do up to eight workouts a day , had the pressure of 200,000 live spectators as well as the world watching on his shoulders  on top of 310-plus actual pounds  as he made his way through the grueling Games . We caught up with the four-time CrossFit champion to learn what it means to be the Fittest Man on Earth , his training and supplement regimen , and where he went for his celebratory burger post-Games . Can you put into words what it means to be the Fittest Man on Earth for the fourth year in a row ? It feels good . It 's what I train for all year -- it 's the ultimate goal . The title 's just the title . Winning the CrossFit Games is what I 'm most happy about . Fittest Man on Earth is cool , but Crossfit champion is what I most like . DailyBurn : What HIIT is and why it works CrossFitters say CrossFit is a great sport for anyone . Why is that ? Do you think all people should try it ? Maybe not even as a sport , but as a fitness program , it works . Pick things up and put them down ; run ; carry stuff . It 's what our bodies were made to do -- not sit on a machine and do single joint movements . Those are good things if that 's what you want to do -- it 's better than sitting and doing nothing . People get too caught up sometimes in thinking the traditional CrossFit circuit is -LSB- all there is to it -RSB- . But CrossFit is lifting heavy weights , being strong ... and it 's also running , it 's swimming , it 's rowing , it 's biking . It 's getting outside the gym . I think we did a lot of outside-the-gym CrossFit this year , and that was a little different than years past . Picking up heavy objects and running with them , pushing the sled . A lot of us get caught up in just "  gym CrossFit . " Probably because it 's fun . I like it , too . DailyBurn : 5 CrossFit workouts that will kick your butt In terms of injuries , do you think a CrossFitter is his or her own worst enemy ? What do you need to look out for so that you do n't get hurt ? Yeah , I think people start out too quickly and say things like , "  Rich does several workouts a day so I can do several workouts a day , too . " No , you need to ease into it and find a good coach . Plenty of people have started CrossFit without a coach and not got hurt , but the best-case scenario is doing it with a good coach and learning the right movements . And also , I hate to say it , but people sometimes think they 're injured when they 're really just sore . You have to be smart about the workouts , but realize you 're going to be a little sore the first few times you do CrossFit . For me , doing bodybuilding-type workouts using single-joint movements led to more injuries and more flair ups than I 've had doing CrossFit . I had shoulder surgery before I did CrossFit , and my shoulder has never been stronger , so I think it 's great . Every day you 're pushing your body to the limit and constantly challenging yourself . What do you do to recover ? I continue to work out , which usually helps with the soreness , but maybe just take the intensity down . I feel better when I move . When I sit or do n't do anything is when I get more sore or feel more sluggish . This year swimming actually helped a lot . It 's a great workout , great breathing -- but does n't beat you up as bad as say lifting a barbell 60 times over your head . So I 'd say swimming was a good recovery this year . Do you take ice baths ? At the Games I 'll do some ice baths every once in a while , because this year it was hot , a lot hotter than the years past . It 's just so much of a pain to do an ice bath at the house . Let 's be honest ... an ice bath is not pleasant . What workout supplements do you take ? In the morning I do n't really eat a lot . I 'll take some type of creatine -- not a lot though . Then throughout the day I 'll have a protein shake or two , depending on the workouts I 'm doing . I usually do n't eat that much during the day and then at night I eat a lot . What 's a typical dinner for the Fittest Man on Earth ? Anything . Whatever my wife Hillary decides to make , or we go out to eat . I 'm not real picky and at that point , since I usually have n't eaten a lot and have been working out all day , food is food . Sometimes it 's not that healthy . But I try not to be ridiculous . DailyBurn : Learn more about CrossFit and try a WOD What was your celebration meal post-Games ? Oh man , what did I have that night ? I think it was a Five Guys burger . And then we had some pizza , too . You ca n't beat a good hamburger or steak -- some red meat , you know ? What is a typical day at the gym like for you ? Usually I wake up around 9 or 9:30 , and I have a crew of people that I work out with . And we just kind of go by what we 've done the days past or how we feel or what we need to work on , and do some type of workout . Then I 'll do some strength training depending on what strength cycle I 'm on , but really it 's just how I feel or what we 've done in days before or what has to be worked on . There 's no real schedule to be honest . If you looked at any given day , it would be six or seven workouts , but really it 's three or four sessions , that are anywhere from one hour to three hours ... whatever we can get in . Do you still love CrossFit and working out or do you look at it as a job ? Before the Games I looked at it as a job . Now I 'm starting to have fun again , and enjoy working out and staying healthy . You 've mentioned you 're going to move over to teams this year . Are you not ready to be done with the sport , but individual is just too much commitment to do again ? Yeah , that 's basically what it boils down to . It takes a lot of sacrifice and a lot of hard work . And you 've got to be a little bit crazy to be the best in the world at anything . We just adopted a baby girl and I do n't to want to let other things sacrifice or that . I 've made a good living for what I 've done so far . But I want to have some fun on a team . I grew up a team sport guy and I want to try that aspect of it . DailyBurn : See the full interview with Rich Froning	Rich Froning secured his fourth consecutive title as Fittest Man on Earth Froning : Our bodies were n't made to sit on a machine and do single joint movements CrossFit also includes running , swimming , rowing and biking
CNN  -- "  BioShock : Infinite " is one of the most talked about games in 2011 and highly anticipated games for 2012 . With a combination of fantastic art direction , immersive gameplay and deep storyline , the third installment in the franchise has attracted attention from gamers and nongamers alike . The series is the brainchild of creator and game designer Ken Levine . Levine , 45 , has been working in the gaming industry since 1995 and had early success with "  System Shock 2 " and "  Thief . " But it 's his more recent work in the creation and development of "  BioShock " and "  BioShock 2 " that has garnered the most attention . In an interview for CNN.com , Levine talked about where he gets his inspiration for his games , growing up nerdy and being a self-proclaimed "  media whore . " Inspiration for games Levine did n't start his career in gaming . During his college days , he turned his creative talents to writing plays . While working on his craft and worrying about his post-college years , Levine sought out the advice of playwright Jon Robin Baitz . Baitz , Levine said , taught him about the business side of writing and dealing with agents . So when an agent asked to turn a play Levine had written into a screenplay , he had his opening into the movie industry . But Levine ended up only selling one screenplay to Paramount and did n't like what he learned about having to write commercially , instead of strictly creatively , and how tough it was to be one of the legions of screenwriters in Hollywood . He began to "  tool around doing different things " for the next seven years and was struggling to figure out what he was going to do . Eventually , his attention turned to something he loved doing as a child : playing games . "  All of a sudden it occurred to me that there are actually people who make these , " Levine said . "  Could I become one of these people ? I started looking at gaming magazines for ads from the game industry and I just tuned into  the job  ` game designer ' primarily because I knew I could n't draw , I could n't program ... so what was I going to do ? " Levine was hired by Looking Glass Studios and was ready to unleash his creative talents in the gaming world . He was particularly focused on creating unique and interesting worlds and allowing players to move freely through them  a unique concept at the time  . He worked on the writing and design of 1998 's "  Thief : The Dark Project . " "  I 'm not certain how the writing fell on me , but it did . They knew I could write and it sort of fell to me , " Levine said . "  I was able to bring an understanding of artistry and structure from when I was writing plays and in movies . " "  Thief " was Looking Glass ' most successful title in sales and critical acclaim . But Levine was looking for a new challenge and joined two others in forming Irrational Games in 1997 . He jumped at the opportunity to work on "  System Shock 2 " as game designer after playing  and enjoying  "  System Shock . " "  I felt it was a real step forward in launching the gamer into a real environment that felt true , " he said . "  I also loved the feel of the characters -- that they felt like they were written in a naturalistic style . "  They were just people and you found all these diaries of the people . It played out like some sort of novel . It has a natural , believable feel to it . " It was during this time that Levine began to hone his skills for telling a creative and interesting story while still making it interactive for the player . "  How do you get to those levels of interaction so they feel natural and exciting ? And anticipate what the player is going to do -- that 's always a challenge , " he said . "  System Shock 2 " was n't a commercial success , but it drew attention from critics for its forward-looking approach to how games should be played . Levine and his team began to build a culture of intellectual curiosity at their studio as a way of inspiring ideas and concepts for their games . In 2002 , that free flow of ideas gave rise to the "  BioShock " franchise . Levine said "  BioShock " and "  BioShock 2 " are noted for their incorporation of historical philosophy and architecture movements -- inspired , he says , by a "  nerdity that is pretty far-reaching and broad at the company . " "  We 'll start up these conversations about the World 's Fair or conversations about politics or about American history or conversations about social movements . And because we are a bunch of industry and culture and social movement nerds in the company , we are fascinated by all these activities , " he said . "  We nerd out on a very broad range of things and we bring those things to our games . " For "  BioShock : Infinite , " Levine said , he tried to form a complete social perspective on the period in which the game takes place . A Public Broadcasting System documentary called "  America 1900 " served as the launching point for the upcoming game 's themes of optimism and anarchy . The game is set in the United States in 1912 , a time between the Civil War and World War I . It was also a time of great technological leaps that Levine said gave people an incredible sense of optimism . "  You have , in the last 30 years of our lives , one major piece of technology and that 's been the Internet . If you go back to 1912 , they had , like , 10 different things on the scale of the Internet , " Levine said . "  They had electricity , cars , movies , records , airplanes , radio in a period of about 10 or 20 years . Their heads must have been absolutely spinning . " It was also a time of great upheaval . An anarchist shot and killed President William McKinley in 1901 and an anarchist would assassinate Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in 1914 . A book entitled "  The Devil in the White City " detailed America 's first documented serial killer who stalked the 1912 World 's Fair in Chicago and caught Levine 's attention . "  In all these stories , you have these incredible themes . One of great optimism and excitement for the future and one of this ominous feeling at the same time , " Levine said . "  This yin and this yang that was present in all of this research really made me excited to work on this game . " Growing up a nerd Levine said he was a nerd when he was growing up -- and that it was n't the badge of honor that it can sometimes be today . He said he played "  Dungeons & Dragons " by himself in his family 's basement . He played war games from Avalon Hill , like "  Luftwaffe " and "  Panzer Blitz . " His first console was an Atari 2600 that he got on his birthday and was "  one of the best moments of my life . " But he acknowledges that it was a lonely time . "  By the definitions of the time , I was a nerd. , " he said . "  I could n't help what I was . I could n't pretend to like things I did n't like . I hated it to some degree , because I was made fun of for it . Now that I 'm grown up , I 'm not made fun of for it and it is sort of celebrated . " Now , he points to events like the PAX convention , hosted by Penny Arcade , as a celebration of being a nerd . And people openly proclaiming to be a geek or a nerd is more evidence of the changing culture . "  I 'm very happy that kids growing up now , it is very much more accepted , " Levine said . "  They  will not be made fun of because of what I went through as a kid . I 'm very happy about that . " "  Media whore " When diving into a project like "  BioShock : Infinite , " Levine dives head first : researching everything he can about the time , the culture , the technology and the conflicts of his setting . He said he gets deeply invested in the concepts because he wants to be able to weave as complete a story as possible . Levine said he constantly reads and , with his Kindle , he can read wherever he is . He is a self-proclaimed history nerd and , while he does n't read a lot of science fiction , was originally inspired by a book called "  Red Mars , " which he said revealed quite a bit about unintended consequences to him , a running theme in the BioShock franchise . "  They were all excited about the colony on Mars because they thought they would leave all the problems of Earth behind -- racism , war , all that . What they forget is that on Mars they bring the problems with them because they bring the people with them , " he said . "  Things do n't always happen the way they are created to , whether it is Ryan in ` BioShock ' or Comstock in ` BioShock : Infinite . ' " He also consumes other types of media voraciously and views it as part of his job because he needs to know what 's going on . "  I 'm watching and re-watching ` Mad Men . ' I 'm watching and re-watching ` Breaking Bad . ' I read comic books . I play video games . I 'm a huge media whore . " He said his appetite for media feeds his creativity for his projects . The more he reads and watches , the greater detail he can put in his games . Critics and players consistently point to the attention to the littlest details in the "  BioShock " series as one of the standout elements in the franchise . Levine wants the players to feel as he would want to feel in the game 's time period , like they belong . "  I want to feel like if I went back in time and I was there that I would n't be that confused or surprised by what I saw . That would be my goal . "	Ken Levine is the creator of one of this year 's most talked about games , "  BioShock : Infinite " He considered himself a nerd as a child and continuously spent hours playing video games Levine also helped create ` System Shock 2 ' and ` Thief ' along with ` BioShock 2 '
CNN  -- Former World No. 1 Vijay Singh says he has been left ' "  shocked " and "  angry " after the revelation that he used a spray which may have contained a banned substance under the PGA TOUR Anti-Doping Policy . The PGA Tour said Wednesday that it was investigating claims that Singh had used a banned drug contained in deer antler spray . The 49-year-old Fijian star told Sports Illustrated that he used the spray "  every couple of hours . . every day . " He is quoted as saying : "  I 'm looking forward to some change in my body . "  It 's really hard to feel the difference if you 're only doing it for a couple of months . " But the spray is reported to be contain a substance called IGF-1 , which is a "  natural , anabolic hormone that stimulates muscle growth . " IGF-1 is banned by several professional sports organizations , including the PGA Tour . Statement In a statement issued through the PGA Wednesday , Singh said he had no idea that the spray may contain a banned substance . "  While I have used deer antler spray , at no time was I aware that it may contain a substance that is banned under the PGA Tour Anti-Doping Policy , " said the statement . "  In fact , when I first received the product , I reviewed the list of ingredients and did not see any prohibited substances . "  I am absolutely shocked that deer antler spray may contain a banned substance and am angry that I have put myself in this position . "  I have been in contact with the PGA Tour and am cooperating fully with their review of this matter . I will not be commenting further at this time . " Singh upstages McIlroy and Woods Two years ago , 1999 British Open champion Mark Calcavecchia was advised by golf officials to stop using the spray . It is manufactured by an Alabama-based company Sports With Alternatives to Steroids  SWATS  , who have links to other major sports in the United States . Deer velvet CNN Senior Managing Editor of Medical News Tim Langmaid says the spray , which is also known as deer velvet , is purportedly used to boost strength and endurance , while it also improves immune system function . He said : "  It contains small amounts of deer IGF-1 , or Insulin-like Growth Factor-1 , which mediates the level of HGH in the body . "  It comes from the deer velvet that covers the growing bone and cartilage that develop into deer antlers . "  It 's the IGF-1 that is on WADA 's banned substance list . Excessive use in humans can lead to metabolic dysfunction , including glucose intolerance . " The spray is derived from deer harvested in New Zealand . The Sports Illustrated article claimed Singh paid $ 9,000 for the product . A PGA spokesman told CNN that the "  matter regarding Mr Singh is pending review " but could not give an indication of how long the investigation would take . "  There is no timetable at the moment , " he added The 49-year-old Singh was scheduled to play in the Phoenix Open in Arizona starting Thursday , but pulled out citing a back injury , the PGA Tour website reported . Controversy Singh 's illustrious career has in the past been dogged by controversies , not least back in 1985 when he was banned from the Asian Tour over allegations he changed his scorecard to his advantage during a round . He shrugged off that setback to gradually make his mark , first on the European Tour , then over in the United States , where he has campaigned on the PGA Tour since 1993 . He has won three majors and was the money list winner in 2003 , relegating Tiger Woods to second spot . But the same year , Singh 's veiled criticism of women 's No. 1 Annika Sorenstam for competing against the men in the Colonial tournament led to negative publicity . However , in 2004 Singh took the No. 1 spot in the rankings from Woods and won the PGA Championship , his final major . Despite his advancing years , he qualifies for the Champions Tour next month , Singh has continued to compete at the highest level of golf and is regularly in the upper reaches of the leader board in PGA events .	Vijay Singh under scrutiny for alleged use of banned product Singh admits in published interview that he used deer antler spray PGA Tour officials tell CNN they are reviewing the situation The 49-year-old Fijian skips Phoenix Open due to back injury
CNN  -- Tennessee state officials slapped the Tennessee Valley Authority with $ 11.5 million in fines Monday for a massive coal sludge spill in December 2008 . The state Department of Environment and Conservation imposed the penalties after determining that the billion-gallon spill violated state clean-water and solid waste disposal laws . In a statement announcing the fines , Environment Commissioner Jim Fyke called them an "  appropriate " response "  to an unprecedented event . " TVA spokesman David Boruff said that the fine was expected and that the utility would not challenge it . The December 22 , 2008 , spill began when a dike collapsed at a retention pond at the TVA power plant in Kingston , about 35 miles west of Knoxville . The mixture of water and ash was enough to fill nearly 800 Olympic-sized swimming pools , spreading across more than 300 acres of land and fouling the adjacent Emory River . There were no deaths , but three homes were destroyed and about a dozen others damaged . The spill contained some toxic chemicals , such as arsenic , selenium , lead and radioactive materials like chromium and barium . But the TVA and the federal Environmental Protection Agency have reported that air and drinking water in the area were safe and that the levels of toxic substances in the spill did not exceed federal standards . About 60 percent of the 1.1 billion-gallon spill has been removed from the river in the first phase of cleanup , Boruff said . The entire operation may take another three to four years , he said . The TVA agreed to pay $ 40 million for economic development projects in Kingston in 2009 as part of a larger fund set up for cleanup efforts .	State says sludge spill violated water , waste laws TVA wo n't challenge fine , spokesman says December 2008 spill totaled 1.1 billion gallons Cleanup may take another four years
When I was first diagnosed with Arnold-Chiari malformation -- a brain disorder involving structural defects -- I was shocked . After learning more about it , and then after successful surgery in 2011 , I realized that I could emerge a stronger person , both mentally and physically . Today I am able to continue to compete at the highest level in the sport of luge and continue to live life to the fullest . I remain committed to my sport as well as to sharing my story about overcoming challenges . During my surgery , and in times of adversity , the most important thing for me has been the support of my awesome family and friends . I had a new outlook on the sport when I returned to competition in 2012 . While I knew my ACM was never going to be gone completely , I was healthier than I had ever been and ready to see what I could do as an athlete , free of my symptoms . I never wanted to use my ACM as an excuse not to do something , and I am thankful to my medical team for encouraging and supporting me to continue my athletic endeavors . In my first season back , I had my best results ever . I won my first national title , scored eight top-10 finishes in the World Cup -- including my first-ever silver medal in front of a home crowd in Lake Placid , New York . I also achieved a personal best , placing sixth in the overall World Cup rankings . I refuse to let my ACM define or limit me as a person . From the very first day I was diagnosed , I decided that I was going to recover from this and I set to work making a plan on how I was going to do it . In addition to recovering physically , I am extremely proud of the work I have done in my home state of Maine by reaching out to youth on an emotional level , educating them about my personal challenges and encouraging them to go after their dreams . Since 2010 , I 've been the spokeswoman for the Maine Beer & Wine Distributors Association . During the past four years , I 've been reaching out to Maine high school students . My presentations are 20 minutes long , and include a video and my personal story of overcoming challenges , including my neck surgery and the passing of my father and sister , as well as the athletic challenges I have faced in my life . I also share with them the importance of individual responsibility and good decision-making . As part of my work with the MBWDA , I have been to 34 high schools in Maine and reached more than 9,000 students . My goal is to reach as many as 10,000 students in the next few months , and perhaps develop the MBWDA responsibility initiative into a national model . Some of the most rewarding experiences of my life have come from my work to inspire young people . This is one of the biggest reasons that I am proud to host Julia Clukey 's Camp for Girls each summer . The camp is designed for young girls ages 8 to 11 as a place to develop self-confidence and a healthy lifestyle . I have been blessed with the opportunity to share my experiences with young girls and give them the strength and confidence to go after their dreams .	Julia Clukey was diagnosed with Arnold-Chiari malformation She underwent successful surgery in 2011 Clukey refused to let the disorder define or limit her
New York  CNN  -- Police encircled Lower Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park on Sunday as protesters geared up to observe the one-year anniversary of Occupy Wall Street . A loosely organized group of demonstrators first gathered in New York one year ago Monday as part of a movement that thrust "  the 99 percent " into the political lexicon . The protests spread to dozens of cities across the United States . By 7 p.m. Sunday , New York police said there had been no arrests during the day -- but they put the number of arrests Saturday at about 40 . Protesters faced various charges including disorderly conduct , resisting arrests and felony assault . Opinion : Occupy fizzled , but made 99 % a force Video of the scene showed people near the park being detained , while others banged on drums and shouted . Zuccotti Park is located in the city 's financial district . The group 's messages have ranged from protecting the environment to protests over education costs . There 's been an overriding theme of condemning income inequality and social injustice . It put out a statement Sunday , saying "  the day 's events are about flexing people power in the streets and utilizing public spaces . " "  The Occupy movement continues to utilize culturally creative tactics to build the movement for social and economic justice , " the group said . The movement also has been criticized for its lack of focus , and over reliance on a physical space . "  The camp is one of the central points for the first couple of months and that 's just not a sustainable form of protest , " said Fordham University professor Heather Gautney , referring to Zuccotti Park . A look back : Meet the 99 % "  So I think there was a transition into more localized acts of protest but they never reallyÂ had the momentum that the camps had . " Occupy had "  a problem of transitioning into a new strategy , " she said . The group 's mantra has traditionally been directed against the so-called privileged 1 percent of society -- such as banks , the mortgage industry , insurance providers and others . The 99 percent is a reference to the broader public , which the group said had been undermined by those institutions . What was the point of the Occupy movement ? Share your view with CNN iReport	NEW : Police said there were no arrests Sunday , but about 40 on Saturday The Occupy movement spread from New York to many cities The group 's ire has been directed at the "  1 percent " of society
CNN  -- Sorry , "  Potter " fans , Harry himself says not to count on another film . Despite the excitement over a new "  Harry Potter " story written by J.K. Rowling , the man who played Potter does n't want folks to read too much into it . The Independent reported that Daniel Radcliffe was asked about the possibility of a new "  Harry Potter " film while appearing via satellite at the Television Critics Association summer press tour . His response makes it seem like there wo n't be any conjuring of an addition any time soon . "  My inclination is to say ` no ' because I do n't think it 's even a hypothetical at the moment , " he reportedly said . "  What she 's written -- and I have n't read yet but I will -- I understand it 's a very short piece . And he 's 12 years older than I am now . " Rowling recently posted a short story on her "  Pottermore " site that gives a glimpse into the life of a 30-something Potter . In the new story , the character is described as , "  About to turn 34 , there are a couple of threads of silver in the famous Auror 's black hair , but he continues to wear the distinctive round glasses that some might say are better suited to a style-deficient 12-year-old . " Your stories : Growing up with ` Harry Potter ' Radcliffe has gone on to some more adult roles , including appearing nude on Broadway . He said his more risque roles may be a bit of a reaction to having been a child star in the family-oriented "  Potter " films . "  What it is , I played only one character for such a long time , I think there 's a little bit of envy and desire to try as many different things as possible , " Radcliffe said . "  Now that I 'm in that position , I 'm trying to while the getting is good . " ` Harry Potter ' returns in a J.K. Rowling short story Sneak peek : Harry Potter 's Diagon Alley Rupert Grint to make Broadway debut	Radcliffe appears at the Television Critics Association press tour He says he has n't read the new "  Potter " short story The actor points out that Harry is older than he in the story
CNN  -- David Beckham believes the furore that followed his return to the LA Galaxy from his loan spell with AC Milan earlier this year has galvanized the team . The Galaxy won the MLS Western Conference Championship with a 2-0 win at home to Houston Dynamo on Friday night , Beckham setting up Gregg Berhalter 's 102nd-minute opener . They will face Real Salt Lake , who upset the favored Chicago Fire 5-4 in a penalty shootout to win the Eastern Conference title on Saturday to reach the MLS Cup final in Seattle next Sunday . Beckham had been subjected to abuse by his own fans after missing the start of the MLS season when he was in Italy , while Galaxy captain Landon Donovan questioned his commitment to the LA franchise . However , the England midfielder -- who missed Saturday 's 1-0 friendly defeat by Brazil in Qatar to play for his club -- thinks the situation helped bring the team together . "  There 's nothing wrong with a bit of controversy in a club , it brings players and teams together and it 's done that , " Beckham told ESPN in a post-match interview . "  I do n't have to say anything about myself , I leave that down to other people to decide . "  I love playing soccer . I work hard for my teammates , myself , my manager , the fans and I hope that 's enough for people . " Beckham joined the Galaxy from Real Madrid in 2007 but they struggled to make an impact during the Englishman 's time with the team until the arrival of former USA national team coach Bruce Arena . Beckham , who returns to Milan in January as he bids to win a place in England 's World Cup squad , believes this season 's achievements have already gone some way for making up for the previous two seasons . "  We want to win next week but reaching it is the biggest thing , " he told the UK Press Association . "  We 've done that , done the hard work and this team deserves it . "	LA Galaxy beat Houston Dynamo 2-0 to win the MLS Western Conference Championship Beckham believes controversy over his first loan spell with AC Milan brought team together The Galaxy can win their third MLS Cup when they face Real Salt Lake in Seattle next weekend
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- An Egyptian human rights activist who posted videos about police abuse says YouTube has shut down his account because of complaints that the videos contain "  inappropriate material . " Egyptian human rights activist and blogger Wael Abbas says YouTube has suspended his account . Wael Abbas , an award-winning anti-torture watchdog , told CNN on Wednesday that there have been 100 videos posted on his account containing images of torture , police brutality , demonstrations , strikes , sit-ins and election irregularities . Now , material he had posted is no longer available on the popular video-sharing Web site , he said . Abbas said YouTube sent him an e-mail saying they had suspended his account . "  They did n't ask me to remove it . They said ` Your account is n't working , ' " he said . Watch Abbas ' complaints about YouTube " When asked about Abbas , a YouTube spokesperson said , "  We take these matters very seriously , but we do n't comment on individual videos . " YouTube regulations state that "  graphic or gratuitous violence " is not allowed and violations of the Terms of Use could result in the ending of an account and deleting all of the videos in it . "  YouTube prohibits inappropriate content on the site , and our community effectively polices the site for inappropriate material , " the spokesperson said . "  Users can flag content that they feel is inappropriate and once it is flagged it is reviewed by our staff and removed from the system within minutes if it violates our Community Guidelines or Terms of Use . We also disable the accounts of repeat offenders . " Abbas agreed that some of the videos were "  graphic , " but said strong images underscore the issue of abuse and make an "  impact on public opinion . " He said the graphic images he posted had an impact like the photos and videos of Abu Ghraib prison that emerged in 2004 showing mistreatment of detainees by U.S. troops and stoking international outrage . "  We managed to direct the attention of the people to something that was taboo , something that was never discussed before , which is police brutality and torture inside police stations , " said Abbas , referring to his videos . The 33-year-old Abbas also operates one of Egypt 's best known blogs , misrdigital.com , which owes its popularity in part to its frequent postings about police abuse . In one prominent incident , Abbas posted a video on his blog of a police officer binding and sodomizing an Egyptian bus driver who intervened in a dispute between police and another driver . The video was one of the factors that led to the conviction of two police officers , who were sentenced to three years each in connection with the incident . "  It 's the first time Egyptian people saw something like that , " Abbas said , referring to beatings and torture . "  It was a shock to the Egyptian people . " The blogger , who said he 's in a "  state of shock " because he lost videos he 's uploaded for years , said he might resort to campaigning against YouTube . "  We thought that YouTube was our ally , " Abbas said . "  It helped show the truth in countries like Burma . ... With what they did now , it does n't seem like that anymore , " he said . Abbas said he has also had a problem with Yahoo! because it shut down two of his e-mail accounts , accusing him of being a spammer . The International Center for Journalists recently awarded a Knight International Journalism Award to Abbas for his work . E-mail to a friend	Human rights activist Wael Abbas posted videos of police torture on YouTube He says YouTube suspended his account , citing complaints about material YouTube wo n't comment on individual videos , but says graphic violence not allowed Abbas says he 's in shock because YouTube deleted videos he 'd saved for years
CNN  -- Engines rev up Sunday for the start of the 2013 NASCAR season with the 55th running of the Daytona 500 , stock car racing 's biggest event . But for one driver , the race is about more than a possible trip to victory lane . Michael Waltrip is racing for Sandy Hook . The events of December 14 left most of America stunned and clutching their children a little tighter . The loss of 20 children and six employees at the Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school united people in grief across the globe , many of whom had an immediate desire to help . NASCAR President Mike Helton was among those . He knew that his stock car racing family had to act . Two-time Daytona winner Waltrip said Helton called him up and said , "  I 've got something I think we should do for the Daytona 500 . " Helton , Waltrip and Swan Racing -- the team Waltrip will drive for in Sunday 's race -- had a private meeting with Newtown officials , community leaders , first responders and victims ' families in early February . At a February 14 event in Daytona Beach , Florida , it was announced that Waltrip 's car number 30 would be changed to 26 and his colors would be green and white to honor those lost . There will also be a message on the car , "  Text Newtown to 80888 , " for fans to make a $ 10 donation to the Sandy Hook School Support Fund , which was established by the United Way of Western Connecticut and Newtown Savings Bank . NASCAR says 100 % of the funds raised will go directly to help meet the needs of the Newtown community . Those needs are two-fold , according to Waltrip . First , he said he hopes having a personal connection to the race will give the townspeople a boost , even if momentarily . A city official "  told me that after that meeting she 'd seen smiles on some people 's faces that she had n't seen since the devastating events of December 14 . So on Sunday for a little bit of time at least , I think the town can escape reality and enjoy one of the greatest sporting events in the world with something to root for , " Waltrip said . "  And secondly who knows what kind of therapy and recovery the children and schoolteachers and the people of the town will need going forward . So it 's going to be a lot of money for counseling and helping people through that day and who knows what all the money could be used for -- a memorial , a new school . ... We just want to make sure that there 's always money there to help people in need . " Waltrip also owns a racing team , Michael Waltrip Racing , and all three of his drivers entered in Sunday 's race -- Clint Bowyer in No. 15 , Mark Martin in No. 55 and Martin Truex Jr. in No. 56 -- will have decals on their cars to support the cause . "  We 're ready to go racing , ready to put some smiles on faces and raise money , " Waltrip said , who also is tweeting information about the campaign drive . Donations have already started coming in , Waltrip said . NASCAR Chairman and CEO Brian France and his wife , Amy , pledged a personal donation of $ 50,000 , and the NASCAR Foundation has matched that donation , according to Waltrip . "  Looking out at a room of smiling faces amidst the aftermath of a horrible tragedy was very powerful , " France said . "  It hit me that the NASCAR industry and our passionate fan base have an unbelievable opportunity to rally around this cause and make a huge difference . " Waltrip is counting on fans when he climbs into his car Sunday afternoon , and he said he has faith his extended family will come through for the people of Newtown . "  I think you see it all the time and that 's the reason why we do it because they  fans  respond , they support . They want to help worthy causes as well so we rely on that 75 million people in our fan base to step up when we have a great cause . And that 's what makes it so special that the fans really appreciate what we do and they really want to be a part of it . " He added , "  Driving the No. 26 Sandy Hook School Support Fund Toyota is like nothing I have ever been part of in my NASCAR career . It will be an emotional week knowing that we have the potential to do so much good for the Newtown community . I 'm racing for a reason . " Donations also can be made online or by mail : Sandy Hook School Support Fund c/o Newtown Savings Bank 39 Main St. , Newtown , CT , 06470	NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip is racing a special car in Sunday 's Daytona 500 The car 's number will be changed to 26 for the 26 victims of the Newtown massacre There will be a call to action for fans to text "  Newtown to 80888 " to make a $ 10 donation The Daytona 500 is NASCAR 's biggest race and the start of the 2013 season
CNN  -- In Florida , a 64-year-old bus driver has been criticized for failing to physically intervene in a three-on-one fight that took place in July . The bus driver says he was afraid to step in . As a high school teacher , I ca n't blame him . The adults who work in public schools are outnumbered . When a violent , hormone-fueled scene unfolds , it 's our duty to quell the calamity with every resource we have in the name of safety . But where do we draw the line ? Early in my teaching career , I was afraid of some of the bigger boys at school , especially one . I could see he carried a great deal of hatred inside -- for me , for his classmates , for the world . He was tall and muscular ; he could have been an athlete , but his poor grades , bad attitude and spotty record kept him from playing sports . One afternoon , as I waited outside my classroom door , I heard a scuffle behind me . The boy I feared and another , smaller boy were shoving each other by my white board . I stepped in , and told them to stop . When they did n't , I shouted louder and told another student , my go-to helper , to get another teacher . As the shoves turned to punches , rage grew in the larger boy 's eyes . The other student asked him to stop , but he had thrust his hands around his neck . I tried to pull him free , but the large boy shoved , pressing the other student and my arm against the cinder block wall . I felt trapped and frightened , and thought I might black out . Just then , two male teachers pulled the boys apart and dragged them to the office . "  Are you OK ? " a third teacher said . "  Look at your hand ! " My wrist was red and swollen . It hurt , but not as much as knowing I was n't safe in my own classroom . My neighbor teacher took over my class so that I could go to the office to fill out an incident report . I could barely grip the pen . Two police officers assigned to our school urged me to file assault charges against the boys , but I insisted they just had n't seen me . I wanted to believe that they would n't hurt me , but I also wondered if the boy would retaliate if the law got involved . Fortunately , my wrist was only sprained and I returned to work the next day in a cumbersome brace . But I kept wondering , what if the boy had pushed the other one harder ? What if his anger was directed at me ? Suppose it was my head that was smashed against that cinderblock wall ? What if he 'd had a weapon ? On the other side , what if adrenaline gave me undiscovered strength and I had hurt one of them ? Could their parents sue me ? Would I lose my job ? Both students were expelled , but the one I 'd been afraid of eventually returned . "  C'mon , man , " he 'd scowl when I asked him to hurry along to class . When I saw anger in his eyes , I backed away , and if needed , I asked for help . Almost a decade later and much wiser , I 'm no longer afraid of my students , but I 've made some changes to how I approach fights since then . I shout at students to stop and try to keep the crowd under control from a distance . If available and in working order , I 'll use a radio or phone to contact administrators or school resource officers . Their appearance usually signals the end of a fight . After all , administrators are the disciplinarians in the school , with more training and higher pay than teachers , bus drivers or janitors . Officers wear badges , carry the pepper spray and , above all , are trained for combat situations . Of the many classes one must take in order to earn a teaching degree , not one prepares us for the possibility of classroom combat . Supplemental training in restraints and fight intervention is made available to some teachers , but I and most other teachers I know are mainly qualified to fight ignorance . We 're the ones who can prevent fights from happening in the first place . I always ask a student who seems angrier or quieter than usual what 's wrong , even if , "  nothing , " is the only answer I receive . I always listen to my students ' seemingly banal chatter because fights seldom break out without some sort of a build up . Many times , one of my students , like a high school Don King , will bring an upcoming brawl to my attention . If fight rumors start to flood the hallways , or even if something seems a little off , it 's best to bring it to the attention of the administrators or school resource officers . In many cases , students want an adult to intervene before the first fist is thrown . I 've learned that the most responsible action can be protecting yourself so you can care for others . In keeping myself safe , I 'm better able to protect my other students , the innocent bystanders . I have children of my own who need me to be functioning at 100 % . I 'm pregnant now , and when school starts in a few weeks , I must first and foremost protect my unborn child . For all of those reasons and more I will remain a conscientious objector during fights that occur in my classroom . As a parent , I 'd expect the same of my children 's teachers . I know that , like me , they did n't enter their classrooms to be prison guards , and that they 'd prefer to guide children toward higher roads to civility . Sometimes it just takes a peaceful protest to get them there . Would you step in to stop a fight among teens ? Do you expect the people who work at your child 's school to do it ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on CNN Living 's Facebook page or on Twitter @CNNschools .	A Florida bus driver was criticized for failing to stop a teen beating Teacher Robyn Barberry says school workers should n't always intervene "  Teachers I know are mainly qualified to fight ignorance , " Barberry says Barberry : "  The most responsible action can be protecting yourself so you can care for others "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A massive fire engulfed a newly constructed , unoccupied luxury hotel in central Beijing on Monday night as crowds watched a nearby fireworks display marking the end of Lunar New Year celebrations . The cause of the blaze at the 40-story Mandarin Oriental is unknown . The cause of the blaze at the 40-story Mandarin Oriental is not known and there were no reports of injuries , according to CNN staff members who were at the scene . The fire began about 9 p.m. and continued to burn an hour later . A plume of flames shot from the top of the structure as the fire quickly spread . iReporter Jean de Villeneuve lives about 200 yards  200 meters  from the fire and said she watched it for about an hour before firefighters got it under control . De Villeneuve , who is originally from France , said she was surprised at how close spectators were allowed to get before authorities established a perimeter . "  I looked and saw the huge tower full of fire , and there were hundreds of Chinese down near my apartment taking pictures , " she said . "  If this had been the United States , you would think a perimeter would be secured , but there was nothing like that . " Watch flames devour the hotel " De Villeneuve said she and others were able to get within 60 yards of the fire . The state-run Xinhua news agency reported that more than 1,000 people in the area were evacuated , "  traffic controls were imposed " on a major highway and authorities temporarily stopped subway service on a line serving the area . "  Snow-like ashes fell as far as -LSB- half a mile -RSB- from the building and smoke eclipsed the full moon , " Xinhua reported of the blaze in the capital 's central business district . See photos of the blaze " iReporter Fred Rice , a British national who lives in Beijing , said "  the top of the building was exploding . " "  We were n't sure if it was gas canisters or what . It was a spectacular sight for sure , " he said . iReporter Stephen Chaytor said he was walking home from work when he saw the fire . Watch the hotel burn " "  It was spreading incredibly fast . It was obvious that there was a lot of debris on site -- that debris ignited very quickly , " Chaytor said . "  Fire took control of building -LSB- and -RSB- within less than 13 minutes , it went from small flames to being totally engulfed in flames . " He said a crowd of onlookers gathered around the scene , as well as fire and emergency crews who worked to control the blaze . "  There was a quiet concern for people that may be involved , working in the building or close to construction site , " he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? The fire reached past the 30th floor , but did not spread to any adjacent buildings . The hotel is next to a newly constructed tower for China Central Television  CCTV  , but no one has moved into that building either . The blaze erupted in the final hours of the Chinese Lunar New Year celebration as people set off fireworks across the city . Xinhua reported that Beijing residents were supposed to stop selling and lighting fireworks by midnight . iReporter de Villeneuve said she suspects many people in the city were trying to use whatever remaining fireworks they had before the deadline . "  We have been seeing fireworks for the past two weeks . I have to say this is quite a surprise , " she said . iReport.com : Eyewitnesses worried ` building might topple ' iReporter Rice said he was watching fireworks nearby when he noticed that fireworks were being set off near the buildings . "  Then we looked closer and saw the flames come from the top of the building , " Rice said . "  Soon became apparent that the building was on fire . " The modern , angular building was a sign of Beijing 's recent transformation and modernization . It had been scheduled to open late last year , but the opening was postponed until this year , though most of the building had been constructed . According to its Web site , the Mandarin Oriental-Beijing is the flagship property in China for the Mandarin Oriental hotel chain . The tower stands more than 500 feet high and contains 241 rooms , Xinhua reported .	iReporter who lives nearby says she saw "  huge tower full of fire " Plume of flames shoots from top of structure as flames engulf luxury hotel The cause of the fire at the unoccupied 40-story Mandarin Oriental is not known Modern , angular building a symbol of Beijing 's modernization
CNN  -- An Indiana man missing for 18 years after his mother abducted him and her two other children to Mexico was reunited with his father after the son went to a U.S. consulate and declared he wanted to go home at age 23 , authorities said . Nathan Slinkard 's mother , Trena , lost custody of her three children following a divorce from husband Steven , and then she and the small children disappeared in October 1995 , said Lt. Ted Munden of the Hancock County Sheriff 's Department . Nathan Slinkard and his father were n't available for comment and asked for privacy as the son now stays in his father 's home in Greenfield , about a 25-mile drive east of downtown Indianapolis , Munden said . But Munden was present for the reunion because he escorted the father , along with his sister , to meet his son at the Indianapolis airport last Wednesday . "  They were nervous , " Munden said of the father and son . "  The dad asked me on the way there , ` Who do I do ? Do I shake his hand or give him a hug ? ' "  I said , ` You will know when you see him . ' "  Nathan immediately recognized us at the airport . He walked up and initiated a hug to his father , " Munden said . "  It was neat . It was really neat . "  You could tell there was a lot of emotion , " Munden said , but the men did n't become tearful . Nathan Slinkard also hugged his aunt , Munden said . The exact whereabouts of the mother , still facing an Indiana warrant , as well as the two other children , have n't been disclosed by the long-lost son , other than to say they 're alive and well in Mexico , Munden said . The last time the father saw his son , the boy was 5 years old . Since then , the father worked as a paramedic in Indianapolis and is now a deputy coroner for Hancock County , working in the same building as the sheriff 's office , Munden said . "  I 've been involved in law enforcement for 17 years , and this is by far the most unusual and most rewarding thing I 've been involved with , " Munden said Wednesday . "  Unfortunately there are a lot less happy endings than there are good endings . Sometimes the kids are never heard of again . Or when they do , so much time has passed , they do n't want any relationship , especially if they were young enough that they did n't have memories of their parent . " At the time they were whisked away by their mother , Nathan 's sister , Sydney , was 3 years old and his brother , Andrew , was 7 years old , authorities said . Their mother , Trena Slinkard , now 46 , still faces a state warrant carrying a charge of violating a custody order , a Class D felony , which is the least serious in Indiana , Munden said . At one time , she also faced a federal warrant for unlawful flight , but that was dropped in 2005 or 2006 because of cooperation issues with the Mexican government , Munden said . "  His mother and brother and sister were touchy subjects , and we did n't talk a lot about them , " Munden said of his conversations with Nathan Slinkard . "  I think if he tells too much information , it 's going to affect their lives . They 're happy , healthy and alive . He told his siblings they 're free to come back if they choose to do so . " Munden speculates that the missing mother and three children had probably been hiding in Mexico 's larger cities . "  I would assume they would probably be living close to Mexico City or a large city . It 's easier to blend in , " Munden said . "  I think he was all over the place in Mexico . " Nathan Slinkard has apparently been using English regularly in Mexico because "  he speaks very good English as well as very good Spanish , " Munden said . His English does n't even have an accent , Munden said . "  It 's just a pretty neutral English accent , " he said . Most recently , Nathan Slinkard was living on his own in Mexico , and on January 27 , he went to the U.S. consulate in Guadalajara and showed his Social Security card and U.S. birth certificate . He also showed surgical scars that matched his records , Munden said . Slinkard wanted to return to the United States "  to meet his father and start a new chapter of life , " Munden said . On January 28 , Slinkard flew to Houston , Texas , where he met with officials of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , who along with Indiana authorities have been searching for him , his mother and siblings . The next day , Slinkard arrived in Indianapolis to see his father for the first time in almost two decades . Slinkard now wants to attend school in the United States and enter the medical field as a cardiologist , physical therapist or nurse , Munden said . "  I told him the fact that he was bilingual , it 's going to help him out a lot , " Munden said . While on the run from the law , the mother apparently told her children they were free to return to the United States if they so chose , Munden said . Meanwhile , the case of the missing mother and two remaining siblings is "  an open but not active case , " Munden said .	Nathan Slinkard was 5 years old when his mother absconded with him , two siblings His mother , Trena , fled after losing custody of her three children in a divorce Last week , Slinkard went to a U.S. consulate in Mexico and showed birth certificate "  You could tell there was a lot of emotion , " officer says of reunion of son , father in Indiana
CNN  -- Jean Jennings Bartik , the last of six women programmers who debugged and operated the earliest general-purpose computer , has died . Bartik , 86 , died Wednesday in New York , said Jon Rickman , vice president of information systems at Bartik 's alma mater , Northwest Missouri State University , and director of the Jean Jennings Bartik Computer Museum . Bartik was profiled in a CNN.com story last month about women mathematicians who were recruited by the U.S. military to do ballistics research during World War II . Bartik and five of her fellow "  computers " went on to program the Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computer , but they did n't receive recognition for their work until years later . "  Jean is probably one of the most significant pioneers in computing , " Rickman said . "  Jean worked hard and , as a woman in a man 's world at that time , especially in the business world , it 's amazing what she was able to accomplish . " Bartik graduated from Northwest Missouri State Teachers College in 1945 as the school 's one math major . She recalled living on her parents ' farm , refusing the teaching jobs her father suggested and avoiding all talk of marrying a farmer and having babies . Instead , she took a train to Philadelphia to work for the military . There , she learned ballistics calculations and was quickly hired to work on the ENIAC , created during the war by University of Pennsylvania scientists John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert Jr. . Bartik and her colleagues debugged the computer , which weighed 30 tons , contained about 18,000 vacuum tubes and completed the same work the women "  computers " did but in a fraction of the time . Bartik went on to work on the BINAC and UNIVAC computers and to work in the fledging high-tech publishing field . Her children and grandchildren all grew up to be good with numbers , she said in February . Bartik and the other ENIAC programmers did n't receive much attention for their work after WWII , but their story was recently featured in the documentary "  Top Secret Rosies : The Female Computers of World War II . " Bartik wrote an autobiography that is being edited ; Rickman said he hopes it will be published this year . In 1997 , Bartik was inducted into the Women in Technology Hall of Fame , along with her fellow ENIAC programmers , Kathleen McNulty Mauchly Antonelli , Frances Snyder Holberton , Marlyn Wescoff Meltzer , Frances Bilas Spence and Ruth Lichterman Teitelbaum . In 2008 , Bartik was one of the Fellow Award honorees at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California , along with Robert Metcalfe , an inventor of Ethernet , and Linus Torvalds , who began the development of the Linux kernel , or operating system . Northwest Missouri State University opened the Jean Jennings Bartik Computing Museum in her honor . "  I 'm going to miss her terribly . It 's such an end of an era , " said Bill Mauchly , the son of ENIAC pioneers John and Kay Mauchly . After John Mauchly 's death in 1980 , Bartik and Kay Mauchly renewed their friendship and gave talks about their experience in the early days of computing . Both women wrote autobiographies , Bill Mauchly said , and remained close until Kay 's death in 2006 . "  Bartik  was such a ball of fire and so much fun , " Bill Mauchly said . "  They made a great team , because my mother was more demure . That 's the part I remember , them traveling around like a traveling band , the Jean and Kay Show . They finally got to have their own little audience . " "  They 're going to continue to be an example of women in technology from the very beginning . I think  Bartik  gave us what we needed to remember her by . " In February , Bartik said women had n't gotten far enough in technology , but she saw a promising future . "  Women are busily working on it , " she said . "  I have high hopes for them . "	Jean Bartik was among the women recruited to do ballistics calculations during WWII Bartik went on to work on the ENIAC , BINAC and UNIVAC machines Half a century later , their work is only beginning to get recognition Bartik wrote an autobiography , which editors hope will publish this year
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish police Tuesday arrested a Spanish soldier and his Russian girlfriend for allegedly posting videos on the Internet promoting Islamic extremist views and calling for attacks in Spain , a Ministry of Interior statement said . Spanish police released these images of Christian Peso Ruiz Coello , left , and Maria Choubina . The suspects , both 23 years old and practicing Muslims , were arrested in the southern Spanish city of Granada . They were identified as Christian Peso Ruiz Coello , born in Granada , and Maria Choubina , born in Leningrad  now Saint Petersburg  in 1985 . The investigation began last June when police detected videos on the Internet that called for Islamic attacks in Spain , and specifically in Granada , the last outpost of the Muslim Moors in medieval Spain , with its fabled Alhambra palace that still stands . The suspects posted 11 radical videos seen 2,007 times on the Internet and had online contact with 200 people in Europe and the Middle East who were favorable to a so-called "  international jihad , " the ministry said . Their videos allegedly aimed to inspire Islamic extremists to carry out attacks , using messages such as a call to liberate "  Al Andalus , " the vast portion of Spain under Muslim rule for centuries during the Middle Ages until the Catholic monarchs conquered the last bastion of Granada , in 1492 . The videos also allegedly portrayed offenses against Muslims who live in modern Spain , including many in Granada . "  This activity aimed to increase the threat in our country by terrorist groups and elements linked to the ` global jihad , ' " the ministry statement said . Police searched the homes of the suspects , in the operation supervised by Spain 's anti-terrorism National Court in Madrid .	Spanish soldier , Russian girlfriend held for allegedly promoting Islamic extremism Suspects , 23 , were arrested in southern Spanish city of Granada Videos posted on Web allegedly aimed to inspire extremist attacks
CNN  -- The question is not just whether Jim Thorpe , in death , will ever be allowed to rest in peace . The question is whether he ever managed to find true peace while he was alive . Thorpe , the Native American from rural Oklahoma who in the early years of the 20th century became the greatest athlete in the world , died in 1953 . He is back in the news because one of his sons , Jack Thorpe , 73 , is waging a legal battle to have his body removed from where it is buried in Pennsylvania and sent back to Oklahoma . "  I want to see him put away properly , " the son recently told reporter John Branch of The New York Times . "  I want him put where he wanted to be . " Jim Thorpe is buried in the town of Jim Thorpe , Pennsylvania , and the way that happened is a story in itself . Thorpe , the son of a Sac and Fox Indian blacksmith in Oklahoma , grew up with athletic ability so incandescent that the scope of his accomplishments mesmerized the world . He won two gold medals in the 1912 Olympic Games , for the decathlon and the pentathlon . He was a professional football star and is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame . He played baseball in the major leagues for six seasons . His heart was broken after newspapers reported that , before going to the Olympics , he had received small amounts of money for playing semi-pro baseball . Today , of course , the idea of professional athletes competing in the Olympics does n't even warrant a public yawn ; think of all the NBA players on the United States Olympic basketball team , or all the NHL players on various Olympic hockey teams . But back then there was an assumed purity to the idea of amateurism , and Thorpe was shamed by having his Olympic medals taken from him and his achievements nullified .  The medals were reinstated in 1983 , 30 years too late for him to know about it . His post-sports life was rugged . Beset by alcoholism , he died in a California trailer home at age 64 in 1953 . Various communities around the country offered to provide burial and a monument , in the hopes of attracting tourists . The Pennsylvania towns of Mauch Chunk and East Mauch Chunk made the most attractive offer to Thorpe 's third wife , Patricia : If they could have the body of the world 's greatest athlete , they would rename their towns . So it is that Thorpe , for more than half a century , has been buried in Jim Thorpe . He had eight children ; I got to know one of them , his daughter Grace , when she was 70 . She has since died , but some of the things she told me about her late dad have stayed with me , because they show a decent man who seemed lost in a lifetime blizzard of great fame and utter confusion . "  When Dad was too old to play sports anymore , he had to make a living , " she said . "  He had no money . There were no pension benefits or anything . He did n't know quite what to do . When he was in his 40s , he took a job out in California digging ditches . He did n't say much about that to me . He dug ditches because he had to make a buck . " Once hailed by kings and presidents for his athletic skills , Thorpe 's life , she said , became an almost constant struggle . She sensed his quiet sorrow about his medals being taken from him : "  I think he was bitter , but I do n't really know , because he did n't talk much about himself , good or bad . " His losing battle with alcohol haunted her . "  He was always so graceful , " she said . "  When I was very young I did n't understand what a great athlete he was , but I knew what a graceful person he was . He taught me how to ballroom dance . He took me in his arms and taught me how to dance . " Later in his life , she said , "  Sometimes he would come home after he had been drinking , and he would n't be physically graceful . He would slur his words and he would walk unsteadily , and it was a sad thing for me to see . " Whether Thorpe 's body will be taken out of its Pennsylvania resting place and shipped to Oklahoma is something the courts will decide . It is one more melancholy act in a once-glorious life that was blindsided by the fates . Grace Thorpe told me about a fleeting moment on one of the last days she ever spent with her dad . She was living in the small town of Pearl River , New York , near the New Jersey line , and in 1951 he came to visit her . "  Dad stayed with me , and he had to go to New York City for something , and I drove him to the bus stop , " she said . "  In Pearl River , the bus stop was right underneath the marquee of the movie theater . "  Years before , when he needed money , Dad had sold the rights to make a movie of his life to Warner Brothers . He had only been paid $ 1,500 for it . In 1951 Dad was 63 years old , and the movie had finally been made and had just come out . It starred Burt Lancaster , playing my dad . And it was showing at the Pearl River Theater that day . "  So Dad was standing underneath the marquee , and the marquee had the title on it : ` Jim Thorpe , All-American . ' I dropped him at the bus stop , and I looked back , and there he was . Dad was wearing his old suede jacket and a broad-brimmed hat , and he was carrying the same old suitcase he always carried . He was standing there kind of quiet , just waiting for the bus . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Jim Thorpe was an Olympic medallist , a Hall of Fame football player and a baseball player Bob Greene says the life of the "  world 's greatest athlete " was difficult He says towns vied to host his grave and the winner changed the name of the town to honor Thorpe Now Thorpe 's son is seeking to return his remains to Oklahoma
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- When Amanda Knox 's parents head to Italy for closing arguments in their daughter 's murder trial they 'll be carrying a present they hope desperately she can use soon : a plane ticket home . In that purchase lies one family 's entire hope . Curt Knox and Edda Mellas say their daughter is nothing like the person they 've seen depicted before and during her trial . They grimace at the description prosecutors have used in court : that Amanda Knox was a resentful American so angry with her British roommate Meredith Kercher that she exacted revenge during a twisted sex misadventure at their home two years ago . Prosecutors say Knox directed then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito and another man infatuated with her , Rudy Guede , to hold Kercher down as Knox played with a knife before slashing Kercher 's throat . "  She is totally nonviolent , almost a passive person , " Mellas told CNN in a joint interview with her former husband . So passive was Knox , the parents said , that she could n't even continue a kickboxing class because she felt it was too violent . She was so caring , they said , that she would make her friends stop a car to let a spider out rather than kill it . Knox was an easy child to raise in Seattle , Washington , along with her younger sisters Deanna and Ashley , her parents said . She took to soccer early on but hit the books as hard as she played . It was on the field that she earned the nickname Foxy Knoxy , though they say it was rarely used and taken out of context when Kercher was found killed to portray their daughter as a sex-hungry party animal . "  It was totally associated to soccer and how she prepared herself as a defender , waiting to take on a striker going down , " Curt Knox said . "  So how people read this nickname is totally wrong . " Eventually , though a star player at college , Knox gave up the sport to focus on her education . She knew she wanted to study in Italy and would n't be able to leave the team to go abroad . Her mother said she threw herself into jobs to help the family save for the trip , working as a soccer coach , a barista and in a gallery . They recall a young woman far different from the wild party girl depicted by prosecutors , one they said found more enjoyment in going to a coffee house and reading a book than going out to a club . They say she met her former boyfriend and co-accused Sollecito at a classical concert . Yes , they concede , Knox , now 22 , and Sollecito say they were smoking marijuana and having sex at his home the night Kercher was killed , but that was as wild as it got . They reject the idea of revenge as a motive for Knox to kill Kercher . Mellas said her daughter e-mailed and called to tell her about her new roommate regularly . Knox told her they got along great and spent time together , going to libraries and a chocolate festival . What has happened in Perugia , Italy , is unfathomable to them . On November 2 , 2007 , at 4 a.m. in Seattle , Mellas was awakened by the phone . "  Amanda called -LSB- and said -RSB- ' I hate to wake you up , but something 's not right here , I think someone 's been in my house , ' " Mellas recalled . The door to the home she shared with Kercher had been ajar when she came home that morning , and when Knox got out of a quick shower , she noticed drops of blood . Kercher 's door was locked , and Knox could n't reach her , she told her mother , adding that Sollecito was calling the police . Later , when officers broke down the door to Kercher 's room , Mellas said her daughter struggled to understand what was going on , hanging on the few words of Italian she understood at the time . "  They were screaming ' A foot , a foot , ' that 's what they could see , " Mellas recalled Amanda Knox saying . When she learned Kercher was dead in the room , a hysterical Knox called her mother , Mellas remembered . "  We were constantly on the phone , " she said . "  She was tired , scared , there was a murderer out running around and she was afraid to be alone . " On the day Knox was arrested , Mellas was flying to Italy to be with her daughter , to comfort her and help her find a new place to live since her home was still a crime scene . But Mellas ' plane was diverted to Switzerland , where she switched on her phone and learned that Knox had been charged with murder . "  I felt physically ill , I went to the bathroom to throw up . I was stuck -LSB- in Switzerland -RSB- for five hours , " Mellas recalled , beginning to cry . By the time she reached Italy and was allowed to see her daughter , Mellas had already heard news reports that Knox had confessed . She was flabbergasted and confused . See the evidence against Amanda Knox "  It was horrible . We cried most of the time , " Mellas recalled of the first meeting . "  But we held each other and it all made sense . She told me what happened in the interrogation , how they asked her to imagine the possibilities . She talked about being hit , screamed at , threatened ; it was the most horrible thing she had ever been through in her entire life . " But even with the way Knox has been treated and portrayed , her parents know they are the lucky parents in this case . "  As parents , the Kercher family received the worst phone call they could get , " Curt Knox said , adding he believes Kercher has gotten lost in the sensational coverage . "  At least our daughter called us . " After the arrest , Mellas was sure there was a mix-up or problems with translation that would soon be cleared up . But they were n't . When Guede was later arrested in Germany , police said he had been speaking to a friend on a Skype call monitored by police and had been talking about being at Kercher 's house . Mellas and Curt Knox were sure again that everything would be fixed . During the conversation , despite saying that he knew who Amanda Knox was , he never indicated she was at the home the night of the murder . But after being jailed , his story changed , and he pointed the finger at Knox and her then-boyfriend , Sollecito . Her family said they 've tried to shield Knox from knowing how high-profile the case has gotten and how people are talking about her , discussing what she wears to court and what kind of person she is . But she does know she may be going to jail for a very long time . During closing arguments , prosecutors asked for her to be sentenced to life in prison , shocking her family who had expected a demand for 30 years . Read about the case against Amanda Knox Still , at occasional prison visits , Curt Knox and Mellas try to give Knox a light at the end of the tunnel . "  We have to try and put on a face that it is going to work out , " Mellas said , beginning to cry . "  We keep telling her it 's taking way longer than expected but she will get out of there . They will not put an innocent 20-year-old in jail , they just ca n't . " They take solace and hold onto the moments the court allows Knox to share with her parents after the trial has recessed each day . "  They allowed us to go into the back room and say goodbye and hug her , tell her we love her , " Curt Knox said choking up . "  Just those few seconds are worth a lot . "	Parents of Amanda Knox say they still hope murder trial will acquit their daughter They say they do n't recognize the vengeful killer portrayed by the prosecution in Italy Knox 's parents say they know they 're luckier than parents of victim Meredith Kercher
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi seemed increasingly cornered Sunday as security forces defected to the opposition in a town near the capital and the United Nations Security Council voted for tough restrictions on and possible war crimes charges against the Libyan regime . Former security forces said they had switched sides and joined the opposition in Zawiya , a town about 55 kilometers  35 miles  from the capital , Tripoli . Some buildings in Zawiya showed signs of damage , including a freshly burned-out police station . CNN 's Nic Robertson , on a government-organized trip to Zawiya , saw armed civilians taking defensive positions on rooftops to prepare for a possible effort by Gadhafi loyalists to retake the town . About 2,000 people took part in an anti-government protest there , some standing atop tanks or holding anti-aircraft guns . They said they wanted the government overthrown , calling Gadhafi a "  bloodsucker . " Later in the day , CNN witnessed two smaller pro-government rallies that had apparently been organized by government officials for international journalists to see , Robertson reported . The opposition now controls several Libyan cities after weeks of protests inspired by demonstrations that toppled longtime leaders in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt . Gadhafi criticized the U.N. Security Council resolution Sunday , telling private Serbian station Pink TV by phone that council members "  took a decision based on media reports that are based abroad . " He added , "  If the Security Council wants to know about something , they should have sent a fact-finding committee . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the Security Council measures -- which include an arms embargo , asset freeze , and travel bans for Gadhafi and members of his family and associates -- form "  one of the speediest international responses to a government targeting its own people . " "  We recognize the killings are ongoing , " Clinton told reporters en route to a meeting of the U.N. Human Rights Council in Switzerland . "  We recognize we need to advance the humanitarian , the military , judicial , and even forensic planning already under way . " British Prime Minister David Cameron and British Foreign Secretary William Hague both called on Gadhafi on Sunday to go . "  Libya 's future has no future with him at the helm , " Cameron said . "  Absolutely none . " Britain also announced it was freezing the assets of Gadhafi , five of his children , and those acting on their behalf . Gadhafi 's son , Saif , denied the government used force on its own people . In an interview that ran Sunday with Christiane Amanpour for ABC 's "  This Week , " he was asked about numerous reports of attacks by government forces on civilians . "  Show me a single attack , " he said . "  Show me a single bomb . Show me a single casualty . The Libyan air force destroyed just the ammunition sites . " The younger Gadhafi -- who is a prominent member of the government -- also played down anti-government protests . Just because "  10,000 or 5,000 people " demonstrate against his father , he said , does n't mean the entire population is against him . He had harsh words , however , for the Libyan diplomats who have turned their backs on his father , calling them "  hypocrites . " "  If you are strong , they love you . If not , they say goodbye . That is good . We get rid of them , " he told Amanpour . Meanwhile , Gadhafi 's nurse went home to Ukraine . Galyna Kolotnytska gained notoriety in November after WikiLeaks released a cable from the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli describing Gadhafi 's almost obsessive reliance on the woman , described as a "  voluptuous blonde . " Kolotnytska 's daughter told CNN on Sunday her mother had returned but was not commenting . Tunisians on the border with Libya waved pre-Gadhafi-era Libyan flags in support of the opposition as tens of thousands surged towards the country that triggered the series of Arab world revolts . About 100,000 people have fled violence in Libya in the past week , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . CNN witnessed the Tunisian army , charities and ordinary Tunisians trying to help Libyans on the border . Refugees said Tunisians were offering them food , water , and even the use of phones . The Tunisian government reported Saturday that 40,000 people had crossed its borders since February 20 , while Egypt reported 55,000 had crossed over since February 19 , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Sunday . The evacuees include Tunisians , Egyptians , Libyans , and many from Asian countries . About 10,000 fled from Libya to Tunisia on Saturday , the Red Crescent said . "  Very large numbers of people amassed in the no man 's land between Libya and Tunisia in extremely cold conditions , " Red Crescent spokesman Joe Lowry told CNN on Sunday . "  People stood in the queue for six hours with no food , water , or access to sanitation . " The Red Crescent is affiliated with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . At least four people were carried away in stretchers because of crush injuries and several lost consciousness as a result of the chaos . "  It was very worrying to see women passing their babies in cots over the crowd to keep them from harm , " Lowry said . There were also chaotic scenes in Tripoli as people rushed to banks to claim a government handout of 500 dinars  just over $ 400  per family . There were also long lines in Zawiya . Pharmacies in Tripoli were running out of blood pressure and diabetes medicines , a source in the capital told CNN . Gadhafi has showed no sign of relinquishing power . Sunday , the world waited to see whether the threat of sanctions will have any effect on a country where the death toll from the recent unrest has topped 1,000 , according to an estimate from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Saturday night , the United Nations Security Council voted 15-0 on the draft resolution , which also refers the situation unfolding in Libya to the International Criminal Court . Gadhafi and others could face an investigation for potential war crimes . "  This resolution will be a signal  to  put an end to the fascist regime that is still in existence , " said Abdurrahman Mohamed Shalgham , Libyan ambassador to the United Nations . Earlier Saturday , he renounced support for Gadhafi , calling him "  a leader who loves nobody but himself . " Hours before the Security Council 's vote Saturday , Libya 's budding opposition picked a former top official as its interim leader . Libya 's deputy ambassador to the world body , Ibrahim Dabbashi , indicated that he and fellow diplomats support "  in principle " a caretaker administration under the direction of former Justice Minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil . City councils in areas no longer loyal to Gadhafi chose Jalil to head an interim government that would represent all of Libya and ultimately be based in Tripoli , according to Amal Bogagies , a member of the coalition of the February 17 Uprising , and a separate Libyan opposition source . Both are based in Benghazi , the eastern city that is under the control of the opposition . Jalil was in Gadhafi 's government until Monday , when he quit to protest the "  bloody situation " and "  use of excessive force " against unarmed protesters , according to Libyan newspaper Quryna . Protests began February 15 in Benghazi , Libya 's second largest city . At least several other cities are now thought to be under opposition control , according to eyewitnesses . There have been numerous reports of widespread violence -- some of it perpetrated by foreign mercenaries and security forces loyal to Gadhafi , and some by protesters . While CNN has staff in some cities , the network could not independently confirm reports for many areas in Libya . CNN has also compiled information through telephone interviews with witnesses . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Eve Bower , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Talia Kayali , Richard Roth , Jack Maddox and Whitney Hurst contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi 's son : Libyan diplomats who turn their backs on Gadhafi are "  hypocrites " Armed civilians take defensive positions in a town they control near Tripoli Gadhafi 's nurse goes home to Ukraine People race to banks to claim a $ 400 government handout
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- From the custom-made , hand-beaded white dress to silver-studded high-heeled shoes , diamond jewelry and tiara , Jenny Ferro is preparing for a day she 's dreamed about since she was 3 years old . "  I 'm really excited , " says Jenny , eagerly nodding her head . "  Really , really , a lot ! " She is n't getting married . The 15-year-old is preparing for her quinceañera , a coming-of-age ritual in Latin culture , marking a young girl 's entrance into womanhood . The centuries-old tradition began as a ceremony to introduce girls to society on their 15th birthday and signified that they were ready for marriage . Today , many quinceañeras have become much more elaborate . Jenny and her mother , Marlene Ferro , have worked out every detail of the party well in advance , from the rehearsal to the reception to the flower girl and the music . The theme of the party is bedazzled . First , there is the dress , which Marlene had designed specially for her daughter . It cost about $ 800 . Then there are the shoes , high-heeled and silver to match the dress . During the party , the high heels will be ceremoniously slipped onto her feet to replace her flat shoes -- a symbolic transition of her journey from childhood to womanhood . "  It makes her look like a princess , " gushes Marlene Ferro . Quinceañeras are becoming increasingly popular in the United States . One reason for their popularity is a greater acceptance of Latin culture in America , according to Michele Salcedo , author of "  Quinceañera ! " a comprehensive guide to the celebration . "  The 15th birthday , culturally , is a milestone . It does n't have to be celebrated with a party at all , but it is generally marked by something quite special , " Salcedo says . Experts believe the quinceañera is rooted in Mayan , Aztec and European traditions . Today , many coming-of-age ceremonies resemble lavish "  Sweet 16 " celebrations . Beyond the elaborate apparel , food and festivities , modern quinceañeras often feature a court of 15 people , typically consisting of family and friends . As the event continues to grow in popularity , the makeup of the court has also changed . "  It has gone beyond Latinos , so that a lot of Latino girls will have not only family members in court but they will reach out to non-Latino friends , " says Salcedo . "  So it 's a way of reaching out and extending social ties and bringing people in who might not otherwise have an opportunity to know a Latino family and to know the culture . " Family plays the largest role in the quinceañera , leading up to and during the party . Mothers , fathers , grandparents and godparents can spend years preparing a night to remember for the young girl . The tradition is just as important to the family as it is to the young woman . The large , extravagant celebrations often symbolize a family 's hard work and success . How has America changed Latinos ? Marlene Ferro , who emigrated from Cuba as a child with her parents , says Jenny 's quinceañera was a gift to both of them . The 43-year-old , single mother of three , saved for years and estimates that she spent at least $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera . "  I was able to accomplish something that I had been looking forward to for 15 years , " says Marlene Ferro . The parties can be as big and expensive as a family can imagine and costs can escalate into the hundreds of thousands of dollars , according to Salcedo . She recommends that families manage expectations before the party planning even begins . iReporter Alexis Fernandez 's quinceañera was a big event in Alaska "  Sometimes people go way overboard and -LSB- spend -RSB- much more on the celebration than they can afford and that 's the downside of the quinceañera , " says Salcedo . "  Because when it 's done right it can be a beautiful family celebration and a celebration of a milestone that a young girl goes through . " Quinceañeras have changed over the years . Even though her tiara was taller than her daughter 's , Marlene says her quinceañera was simple . It was a small gathering at her sister 's apartment with family and friends . She wore borrowed jewelry from a family member , had a homemade cake and danced with her father . Marlene Ferro 's 15th birthday present was a telephone in her bedroom . "  I did n't have a big quince party . I chose to have a small party with my friends , " she remembers . "  My dress was really easy ... I did n't have an option . It was this one or that one . Now , we give our kids the option . " iReporter Diamond Ramirez 's mother , grandmother never had quinceañeras There 's a spiritual element to these celebrations as well , says Salcedo . The church plays a role in helping to prepare teenage girls for this transition to womanhood . Ceremonies and classes before the coming-of-age celebration teach the young women that with adulthood come certain responsibilities , both physical and spiritual . "  When it 's done in the spirit that it probably should be , the girl has certain responsibilities and by the end of the process , she 's met them and she has showed her mother that she can , in fact , be responsible and she does acquire ... a bit more maturity then she -LSB- had -RSB- before , " says Salcedo . As the celebrations become more popular in the United States , they also offer an opportunity for more Americans to participate . "  It 's a way to push back a lot of the negativity that a lot of Latinos feel is directed at Latinos , " says Salcedo . "  It is a way for people who have recently arrived , or maybe not so recently arrived , to say ' I have done well here ' ... I 'm throwing this party for my daughter and I 'm inviting all of you to partake of my generosity so that you can see exactly how well we 've done . "	Quinceañeras , or 15th birthday celebrations , mark a girl 's transition to womanhood Jenny Ferro , 15 , has been preparing for her celebration since she was 3 years old Marlene Ferro estimates she spent $ 20,000 on her daughter 's quinceañera Expert : The elaborate parties are a way for Latinos to say ' I have done well here '
CNN  -- Confusion and then an uneasy calm . That 's how residents up and down the East Coast described their reaction to the 5.8-magnitude earthquake that rattled millions of people Tuesday . The quake , which struck at 1:51 p.m. , was shallow -- just 3.7 miles deep . The epicenter was about 40 miles northwest of Richmond , Virginia , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It sent tremors throughout the region , surprising people at least as far away as New York , Ohio and Georgia . Sarah Merz said her co-worker in Camden , New Jersey , was the first one to notice the rumbling . "  She said , ` What is that ? Is it a train ? ' Everyone kind of started looking at each other . Everyone 's eyes just kind of widened , and we all just ran to the front door . " People stood stunned outside for a few minutes , she said . "  All of the sudden your heart starts to pound because you know on the East Coast , this just does n't happen . It made me nervous at first , but then at the same time it 's kind of this crazy curiosity . " Even an hour after the quake , Merz , 28 , said she still felt dizzy . "  You 're like , wait , am I moving ? You keep second-guessing yourself . ... You start thinking too much . You 're like , is it happening again ? " When she sat down at her desk , Merz noticed her framed college diploma was still vibrating on the wall . Stories like hers poured in from across the East Coast as residents , generally not used to earthquakes , struggled in the early moments of the temblor to understand what was happening . Was is a helicopter ? A truck ? A train ? Kate Duddy was in an office building elevator in Manhattan , alone , when the shaking started . "  I have never felt a quake before . It was scary having no idea what the cause was , " she said . "  I felt the vibrations and the elevator stopped for a period of about five minutes . " Gabby Randle , 23 , was in a meeting in an office building at New York Avenue and 15th Street in Washington . "  We could see a couple of things falling off of the building next to us , " she said . "  We sort of ran because the ceiling tiles were swaying . " An official who works in a federal building in New York said he thought someone was "  playing a joke " on him when his desk started shaking . "  And then , " he said "  I felt my whole body swaying and realized it was something much more . " Many buildings were evacuated in the U.S. capital , where huge crowds lined the streets as police cars sped by with sirens sounding . CNN iReporter Susan Prahinski sent CNN images of her home office in Washington . The quake knocked shelves off her walls and sent books and her computer monitor crashing . A statue of the Greek philosopher Aristotle lost its head . In Spotsylvania , Virginia , Tish Walker said she grabbed her dog and raced outside when the earthquake struck . "  I used to live in California , so I know shaking and this felt big , " she said . "  My first thought is always that the furnace might explode or a cabinet crashes down on top of us . " Courtney Thompson , a CNN iReporter from Lanoka Harbor , New Jersey , had no doubt it was a quake , either . The question for her was whether it had occurred out in the ocean . She said everyone taking in the sun at Ortley Beach , New Jersey , sprang up at the same time and looked anxiously out to the Atlantic . "  The water did not recede  a telltale sign of an impending tsunami  , but I 'm sure that 's what everyone was worried about , " she said . "  People started panicking . They did n't tell us we had to get off the beach , but I 'm telling you , everyone got right off the beach . " Brendan Wein , a sales representative at Hoffman Nursery near Rougemont , North Carolina , said he first sensed rattling inside the building . "  We were thinking it was a helicopter , " Wein said . "  I was literally shaking in my chair . " Simon Griffiths , in Raleigh , North Carolina , compared the quake to a tractor-trailer truck roaring outside his house . Billy Wray said his guitars are OK , but things felt pretty weird when the bank building that houses his music shop in Mechanicsville , Pennsylvania , started to sway . "  Over here , we were rocking and rolling , " he said . CNN iReporter Jeff Yapalater said he was in his backyard in New York 's Long Island when the shaking started . "  Suddenly I felt this light swaying of the earth , I 'd never felt that before , so I thought maybe I was experiencing vertigo for a moment , and it lasted maybe 30 seconds . ... We 're feeling this really far away ! " he wrote . CNN 's Susan Candiotti came across a couple waiting to get back into an evacuated courthouse , where they had been waiting to be married when the quake struck . "  I did n't feel the shaking at all , " the groom said . He glanced over to his fiancee and joked , "  Maybe it 's a sign . " CNN 's Philip Gast , Katy Byron , Brian Walker and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The quake , near Washington , sends tremors as far away as North Carolina "  At first we thought it was a huge truck that went past , " a witness says "  I know shaking and this felt big , " says a former Californian , now in Virginia People line the streets in Washington , where many building are evacuated
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- The death toll of a twin car bombing at a hotel in Mogadishu rose to 11 Thursday , with many of the victims security force members , a police spokesman said . At least 40 other people were injured . "  The death toll has hit 11 people , including three attackers and five security personnel , while the rest were civilians , " said Gen. Mohamed Yusuf Omar Madale , a Somali police spokesman . At least four people were killed in the first attack Wednesday , Madale said . A half-hour later , another car bomb exploded just few meters from the scene of the first blast , killing at least seven people , mostly security officers . Police official Yusuf Ali said Wednesday that the first suicide car bomb exploded outside the main gate of the Jazeera Palace Hotel , and the second blast came as first responders began gathering to evacuate the injured . At the time of the Mogadishu blasts , there were several senior members of the Somali government inside the hotel . It is believed the injured guards were part of the government officials ' security detail . Somali Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed condemned the attack Wednesday night . "  The terrorists started 2014 as they finished 2013 with indiscriminate violence & killings . Will only serve to unite Somalia against them , " his official Twitter account said . A statement posted to a website associated with the Al-Shabaab terrorist network Thursday morning reads : "  The mujahideen forces carried out the attacks and they will intensify their attacks against the government of Somalia and the African Union troops in the country . " Last month , another bombing at a hotel in the capital left five people dead and at least 15 wounded , a government spokesman said . A car bomb went off on November 8 outside Hotel Makkah Al-Mukarama in central Mogadishu , Abdikarim Hussein Guled , the African country 's interior and national security minister , told local media . Those killed included Abdulkadir Ali , the Somali government 's former acting envoy to Britain better known as "  Dhub , " said Abdirahman Omar Osman , a presidential representative . Other Somali violence has been traced to Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government calls a terrorist group and that was behind the deadly siege this fall of a Nairobi , Kenya , shopping mall . A U.S. military drone strike in southern Somalia in late October killed two suspected Al-Shabaab members , U.S. officials said . And a recent joint raid by Kenyan and Somali forces killed at least 30 people believed to be part of that group . In September 2012 , Somalia 's new president , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , escaped an apparent assassination attempt at the Jazeera Palace Hotel , just two days after being selected as the troubled country 's new leader . According to a presidential media officer and several journalists at the scene , early indications are that the attack was carried out by two suicide bombers who set off explosives at the gates of the hotel , where the president was having high-level meetings . At least four Somali government soldiers and one African Union soldier were killed in that attack , according to journalists at the scene . The Jazeera Palace Hotel is near Mogadishu airport and it is frequented by government officials and diplomats . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu , and CNN 's Ray Sanchez wrote this story from New York . Journalist Mohamed Nor contributed to this report .	Double car bombs explode near a Somali hotel At least 11 people are killed and up to 40 wounded A statement on a website linked to Al-Shabaab says the terror network is behind the bombing
CNN  -- Alanis Morissette was the definition of "  fierce " when she arrived on the American music scene with one of the big break-up songs of the '90s , "  You Oughta Know . " But behind that tough exterior were secrets of a difficult past . "  As a teen , I was both anorexic and bulimic , " Alanis Morissette recently told Health magazine for its December issue . "  I was a young woman in the public eye , on the receiving end of a lot of attention , and I was trying to protect myself from men who were using their power in ways I was too young to know how to handle . " By the time Morissette was 14 , she had already starred in a popular Canadian children 's show , started her own record label and had a publishing contract with MCA Canada , according to her Web site . "  Disappointment , sadness and pain hit me hard , and I tried to numb those feelings through my relationship with food . For four to six months at a time , I would barely eat . I lived on a diet of Melba toast , carrots , and black coffee , " she said . "  I began recovering at 18 , when a sweet friend confronted me . " Now that she 's older , Morissette , 35 , said she 's no longer starving herself and has begun to look at eating as "  a sort of spiritual practice . " Her healthier view of food and nutrition is thanks in no small part to a book she discovered a few years ago called "  Eat to Live . " "  It 's become my bible , pushing me to completely reorient my thinking about what to put into my body . ... Now I concentrate on eating high-nutrient foods like fruit , nuts , collards , kale and spinach . I 'm obsessed with them . I even put spinach in my smoothies , " the Canadian musician admitted . The seven-time Grammy Award winner has also sworn off dairy , on a tip from Woody Harrelson , no less . "  Woody Harrelson -LSB- told -RSB- me I needed to get rid of the dairy in my fridge to clear up my skin , " she said . It 's had a positive effect : Morissette said her skin "  looks great now . " But all of that health consciousness does n't mean Morissette has lost appreciation for the more delectable things in life . "  Do n't get me wrong , " she said in the interview , "  I still indulge in a glass of wine or chocolate -- treats are mandatory . Without deviating from the day-to-day healthy diet once in a while , it would n't be sustainable for me , and that 's what I wanted : an approach to eating to last my entire life . " Resolving her issues with food and body image has helped Morissette to develop clarity in other areas of her life as well . "  I 'm really clear about what my life mission is now . There 's no more depression or lethargy , and I feel like I 've returned to the athlete I once was . I 'm integrating all the parts of me -- jock , musician , writer , poet , philosopher -- and becoming stronger as a result , " she said . "  I hope my effort shows any woman battling an eating disorder or poor body image that she 's not alone -- support is out there -- and inspires her to discover her inner athlete . It does n't matter what your fitness-skill level is . " Health magazine 's December issue hits newsstands November 24 .	Alanis Morissette told Health magazine that she had an eating disorder as a teen Morissette now is focusing on her diet as "  a sort of spiritual practice " Her new outlook has spread to the way she views balancing all aspects of her life She hopes to be a role model for other girls struggling with eating disorders
A day after confirming it had lost the ability to display Instagram images , Twitter has rolled out its own library of retro filters for its Android and iPhone apps . The eight filters are the usual suspects we 've come to expect from mobile photo apps , including desaturated , black and white and high contrast . There are auto-adjust and cropping options , as well as a helpful grid view that lets you see what each filter will look like at once . "  The latest versions of Twitter for iPhone and Twitter for Android introduce a few new ways to enhance the images you tweet , " said Twitter senior designer Coleen Baik in a blog post announcing the new features . She emphasized that images are important to Twitter users , and called photos "  one of the most compelling forms of self-expression . " The new filters were designed especially for Twitter by photo-editing service Aviary , which also handles edits for various partners such as Flickr and Twitpic . What the effects lack in originality , they will no doubt make up for in popularity . Filters are an easy alternative to tinkering with an image in a photo editor , and their retro aesthetic has helped Instagram get more than 150 million users . Instagram also released an app update Monday , giving its iOS app a fresh new look and adding a new black and white filter . There 's a new grid overlay , better tilt-shift effects and a bigger shutter button among other tweaks . Twitter is in direct competition for users and ad dollars with Facebook , which owns Instagram . Until this week , if you shared an Instagram photo on Twitter , it would appear in the expanded tweet . But on Sunday , the companies confirmed that feature was no more , the image replaced with a link to the photo on Instagram 's site . The addition of in-app filters is great for Twitter users who did n't like the extra step of launching Instagram or another photo editing app to spruce up images . Twitter first added the ability to include images in tweets a year and a half ago . Slight improvements on the individual social networks might not make up for the larger loss of cross-service functionality , but the split between competitors was inevitable . If you have an Android device , the updated Twitter app is available now in the Google Play store . It is coming soon to Apple 's App Store .	Twitter has added photo filters to its Android and iOS mobile apps The addition will help Twitter compete against Facebook-owned Instagram This is the first time the social network has offered image editing tools
CNN  -- Robin Soderling will be hoping to improve on a dismal record at the Australian Open next week after an impressive display saw him clinch the Brisbane International title in Queensland , Australia . The Swede brushed aside Andy Roddick in straight sets 6-3 7-5 in Sunday 's final at the Pat Rafter Arena to claim his seventh career title and raise expectations of a good run at the Australian Open , which starts in Melbourne on January 17 . The victory means Soderling moves up to fourth in the world rankings ahead of Scotland 's Andy Murray . The Swede will also be seeded fourth in Melbourne . The 26-year-old 's improved ranking and good form should , in theory at least , give him an excellent chance of bettering his best performance at the Australian Open and make it past the second round for the first time . "  I 'm playing really well and it makes me really happy . I 've never really played well in Australia before and now finally I won a tournament playing really good tennis . It gives me a lot of confidence for Melbourne , " Soderling said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . In an impressive service display , Soderling did n't face any break points on his serve , while creating ten on his opponent . Roddick was taken to deuce in his first service game and then lost his second as Soderling seized early control of the match . Faultless serving by the Swede ensured he wrapped up the first set in just 35 minutes . There was no let up in the second set and Roddick did well to stay in the set as long as he did . The American saved three break points in the fifth game but was finally broken in the 11th to allow Soderling to serve out the match . "  I 've had the best possible preparation I could have with five good matches here , now I 'll have a week of rest and practice in Melbourne and I 'll be more than ready to go . I know I have a chance to do really well if I play good tennis like here , " Soderling said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . Roddick was full of praise for the in-form Swede . "  He served great . Conditions were heavy and he served through it better . I think that was the difference ; I was n't able to get into any return games and he got into two and was able to break in those , " Roddick said , ATPWorldTour reported . Earlier in the week Roddick pledged $ 100 for every ace he served in the tournament to go towards Queensland 's flood relief fund . After the final , having served 54 aces during the week , the World No. 8 doubled the pledge to $ 200 , raising his donation to $ 10,800 .	Swede sees off American Andy Roddick in straight sets to claim Brisbane crown Soderling rises to four in world rankings ahead of Australian Open in Melbourne Soderling has poor record at Melbourne Park having never made the third round Roddick donates over $ 10,000 to Queensland flood relief fund after final
CNN  -- Barcelona head coach Josep Guardiola hit back at his Real Madrid counterpart Jose Mourinho ahead of the European Champions League semifinal first leg between the two teams on Wednesday . The tie at Madrid 's Santiago Bernabeu will be the third of four matches between the arch rivals , clashes which are known as "  El Clasico " , in 18 days across three competitions . Real recently defeated Spanish first division leaders Barca 1-0 in the Copa del Rey final on April 20 and it is comments made by Mourinho in the wake of that match which aggravated Guardiola . "  Since he has chosen to to talk about me , I 'll do the same , " former club captain Guardiola said on Barcelona 's official web site . Is Jose Mourinho the master of mind games ? " -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- we 'll face each other on the pitch . He 's won his games off the pitch and I 'll give him his personal Champions -LSB- League -RSB- for that -- just take it home and enjoy it . " Portuguese boss Mourinho used his press conference ahead of the match to accuse Guardiola , 40 , of criticizing referees when they make correct decisions . The former Inter Milan coach 's comments related to the Copa del Rey final , in which Barca had a goal from Spain forward Pedro correctly disallowed for offside . "  There have been two groups of managers up until now , " the one-time Chelsea coach Mourinho told Real 's official web site . "  A quiet one who does n't talk about referees and a louder one , such as myself , that criticizes the referees when they make significant mistakes . "  We have entered a new era following the statements made by Guardiola and there is now a third group . He is the only one in it as he criticizes the right calls made by referees . I had never seen anything like it before . " According to British newspaper The Guardian , Guardiola responded in strong fashion and said : "  In this room -LSB- Real 's press room -RSB- , he is the chief , the f ***** g man . In here he is the f ***** g man and I ca n't compete with him . "  If Barcelona want someone who competes with that , then they should look for another manager . But we , as a person and an institution , do n't do that . " Guardiola , who was a Barca player when Mourinho was part of the club 's coaching staff between 1996 and 2000 , was unhappy with his opponent alleging he had targeted match officials . "  I simply congratulated Madrid after the -LSB- Copa del Rey -RSB- final . If you think that his allegation that I always complain about the referees is true after you 've all heard me over the last three years , well there 's nothing I can do . "  Off the pitch , against his media supporters , there 's nothing we can do to fight that . I 've seen it before with Mourinho , he did it at Chelsea and now he 's doing it here . " The Catalan club , who are three-time European champions , will be without Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta for the first match of the last-four tie . The 26-year-old , who scored the winner for his country in the 2010 World Cup final against Netherlands , is out with an injury to his right calf , but club captain Carles Puyol should be fit for the match . Real have won Europe 's premier club competition on nine occasions , but will be without Sami Khedira for Wednesday 's clash after the Germany international suffered a leg injury . Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho will also miss the match through suspension . The return leg is in Barcelona on May 3 , with the winner advancing to face Manchester United or Schalke in the final at Wembley Stadium , London on May 28 .	Barca coach Josep Guardiola has hit back at comments made by Jose Mourinho The Real Madrid coach accused Guardiola of criticizing referees when they are right Guardiola said he can not compete with Mourinho in the media The two teams meet in the European Champions League semifinals on Wednesday
CNN  -- Every Australian child should learn Mandarin , Hindi or other regional language as the nation 's future is tied to the rise of the "  Asian Century , " Prime Minister Julia Gillard said in a policy speech on Sunday . "  Whatever else this century brings , it will bring Asia 's return to global leadership , Asia 's rise . This is not only unstoppable , it is gathering pace , " Gillard said in a long-awaited policy white paper entitled , "  Australia in The Asian Century . " The policy outlines 25 objectives Australia must achieve by 2025 to take advantage of Asia 's rise to boost the wealth of Australians . Chief among the goals are that every child learn an Asian language , in particular Mandarin , Japanese , Indonesian or Hindi , and that they leave school having studied Asian culture . Opinion : The speech every woman should hear " Children in kindergarten now will graduate from high school with a sound working knowledge of Asia , " Gillard said at the Lowy Institute in Sydney where she unveiled the white paper . The Prime Minister said "  a hundred years ago we spoke of the working man 's paradise . Today we speak of the high school , high-wage road . We have always wanted to do it our way . "  We long saw Asia as a threat to all this - racially , militarily , and economically . Indeed this was precisely the moral paradox of the working man 's paradise . A hundred years ago , high wages meant white man 's wages . No more , " she said . While the Australian economy has ridden high on the back of the mining boom and commodity sales to Asia , Gillard said the next economic wave will be pushed by the burgeoning Asian middle classes . Broadening technology in agriculture and raising the global rankings of Australia 's schools and universities will help meet increased regional demand from newly wealthy Asian neighbors , Gillard said . "  More middle class people than there are anywhere else on earth will want access to clean food , high quality food , high quality wine the same way we do . This is a huge opportunity for regional Australia . And we want people out there ready , " she told a media conference after her speech . The Gillard government will create a new ministry of Asian Century Policy to drive the reforms across education , infrastructure , tax and regulatory reform . Australia 's prime minister comes out swinging in sexism row If the objectives are met , Gillard predicts about one-third of the Australian economy will be tied to Asia , up from 25 % in 2011 , and the average national income will increase to A$ 73,000  US$ 75,700  per person , up from the current A$ 62,000 . The white paper notes that Australia will seek to stay competitive by abandoning its historic fear of low Asian wages and by becoming a "  higher skill , higher wage economy with a fair , multicultural and cohesive society and a growing population . " Kathe Kirby , the executive director of Asia Education Foundation at the University of Melbourne , says the paper sets out a deep vision for Australia 's future "  which starts with our young people at school . " "  It encompasses reform in the education sector , schools , universities , vocational education . It 's a much broader and deeper plan than we 've seen to date . This is not a government report . It 's government policy , " she told Sky News . Gillard also noted the broader geopolitical ambitions for Australia between military ally Washington and economic ally Beijing . In tacit acknowledgment of the criticism of her government 's deference to the United States in Asia , she said "  We have an ally in Washington -- respect in Beijing -- and more , an open door in Jakarta and Delhi , Tokyo and Seoul . " "  We in this paper are focusing on the huge economic transformations happening in our region . We are not focusing on the mature economy of the United States , " she later told a media conference . The United States is Australia 's third biggest trading partner and a recent survey by the Lowy Institute shows a majority of those polled believe the U.S. to be Australia 's most important security partner . Opposition party members are broadly supportive of the government 's ambitions for deeper economic and social engagement with Asia , but skeptical it can be delivered . "  It is full of laudable goals but not very many specific initiatives and certainly no commitment of money to any of them , " said opposition leader Tony Abbott . "  To some extent this government is scrambling to overcome some serious failures in its relationship with Asia , " he said , "  most notably the early ban on uranium sales to India , only just reversed , and the catastrophic ban on live cattle sales to Indonesia , which still has ramifications . " Polls show the Prime Minister 's goals for greater Asian engagement are broadly accepted by Australians . But there are caveats . According to a Lowy Institute poll , a majority felt Australia did not fall into recession in the global financial crisis because of Asian demand for Australian resources . However some 56 % thought there was too much investment from China and 63 % were strongly opposed to allowing foreign companies to buy Australian farmland to grow crops or farm livestock .	Australia launches a new policy aimed at tying its economic future to a rising Asia Would require every student to study an Asian language and culture by 2025 Creates a new ministry of Asian Century Policy to drive educational and investment reforms Seeks to increase agricultural and university investment to cater to newly rich Asian neighbors
February 2 , 2015 February is the start of Black History Month in the U.S. , and today 's show takes a look back at a series of significant events in the Civil Rights Movement . We 're also looking at tensions in the Middle East , from their background to a recent flare-up . And we 'll show you what the Grand Canyon looks like under a blanket of fog . Go there on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Eleanor Parker , nominated for three Oscars and known for her "  Sound of Music " role , died Monday at 91 , her family said . Parker died at a medical facility near her Palm Springs , California , home from complications related to pneumonia , according to director Richard Gale , who is a family friend . Her acting career began on stage as a teenager , but it was a performance at the Pasadena Playhouse that led Warner Bros. to sign her to a studio contract on her 18th birthday . She became a big screen leading lady during the 1940s , making her film debut in 1941 in "  They Died with Their Boots On . " Her early notable movies included "  Pride of the Marines " in 1945 and "  Voice of the Turtle " -- opposite Ronald Reagan -- in 1947 . The 1950s brought Parker to another level of stardom , including three best actress Oscar nominations . The first Academy Award nomination came in 1950 for her portrayal of a terrorized prison inmate in "  Caged . " Parker was nominated again in 1951 for playing Kirk Douglas ' wife in "  Detective Story . " A third Oscar bid followed in 1955 for her role as the polio-stricken opera star Marjorie Lawrence in "  Interrupted Melody . " Despite a long list of other distinguished film roles -- including opposite Frank Sinatra in Otto Preminger 's "  The Man with the Golden Arm "  1955  and Clark Gable in "  The King and Four Queens "  1956  -- it was a smaller role that audiences today are most likely to recognize . Parker played the baroness who wanted to send the von Trapp children to a boarding school in the 1965 classic "  The Sound of Music . " Although the stage and screen occupied the first several decades of her half-century acting career , she stayed busy working on television shows in the 1970s onward . She starred in NBC 's "  Bracken 's World " in 1969 . Her resume included three made-for-TV movies : ABC 's "  Once Upon a Spy " in 1980 , NBC 's "  Madame X " in 1981 and TNT 's "  Dead on the Money " in 1991 . Parker also acted in a 1986 episode of CBS ' "  Murder , She Wrote . " People we lost in 2013	Eleanor Parker was a big screen leading lady during the 1940s Parker was nominated for best actress Oscars three times in the 1950s She played the baroness who wanted to send the von Trapp children to a boarding school
Ballistic tests show bullets that killed a suburban Washington woman last month are similar to those in two other unsolved killings , police in Virginia said Thursday . "  We are looking at these as if they are linked , but until we have evidence that points to only one suspect , we investigate all possibilities , " Alexandria Police Chief Earl Cook said at a news conference . The slayings have alarmed the community located across the Potomac River from the nation 's capital , raising concerns a serial killer may be responsible . Authorities Thursday renewed their warnings to residents to be "  on guard , " after announcing their findings from the forensic examinations . The new evidence shows bullets recovered in the killing of music teacher Ruthanne Lodato on February 6 have "  the same general rifling class and characteristics and are similar in design to bullets submitted in two other homicides in the city , " Cook said . Police have said a gunman knocked on Lodato 's door late that morning and began shooting . The 59-year-old woman died , and her mother 's caretaker was seriously wounded . The survivor helped provide a sketch of the suspect . The previous victims were also prominent in the area . Nancy Dunning , once married to Alexandria 's sheriff , was killed in December 2003 ; and Ron Kirby , director of transportation planning at the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments , was gunned down last November . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives and the FBI are assisting local police in the investigation , including sending a profiler . Investigators are also reviewing shootings across the nation for any similarities .	Bullets that killed a music teacher are similar to those in two other slayings , police say Ruthanne Lodato was fatally shot after answering her door in suburban Washington last month The killings raised fears of a serial killer , prompted police warning to be "  on guard "
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Family members requested a humanitarian pardon Wednesday for former Peruvian strongman Alberto Fujimori , saying he should be released from prison because of health problems . The 74-year-old Fujimori is serving four concurrent sentences , the longest of which is 25 years , for corruption and human rights abuses . He underwent surgery September 19 for a recurring lesion in his tongue and returned to the clinic nine days later because of problems with scarring of the wound , the state-run Andina news agency reported . 2011 : Longtime Peruvian fugitive turns himself in "  This request is argued on the basis of medical facts , " said Keiko Fujimori , the former president 's daughter , who was quoted by Andina . Family members say the ex-president , who has suffered from mouth cancer , will die if he remains a prisoner . "  We will have to evaluate if the conditions of imprisonment , which in any light are different than what prisoners in the country normally receive , affect the health of Mr. Fujimori , " said Julio Arbizu , Peru 's top anti-corruption prosecutor . "  That does not seem to be the case . " In recent weeks , word of the Fujimori family 's plans to request a pardon has riled political opponents . Human rights activists have said granting a pardon to the former strongman would be an insult to victims of his regime , Andina reported . 2009 : Ex-Peruvian president sentenced for giving spy chief $ 15 million Alberto Fujimori is a polarizing figure in Peru , the country he led from 1990 to 2000 . His strong hand is credited with defeating the Shining Path terrorists who destabilized the country , and his austere economic policies reined in hyperinflation . But stability had a cost , which in his case was an authoritarian streak that included the killing of civilians . After winning a third term whose constitutionality was challenged , he was finally brought down by an Andean-sized corruption scandal . In 2009 , a special supreme court tribunal sentenced him to 25 years in prison for authorizing the operation of a death squad responsible for killing civilians . In separate trials , Fujimori was found guilty of breaking into the home of a former spy chief to steal incriminating videos , taking money from the government treasury to pay the spy chief , authorizing illegal wiretaps , and bribing congressmen and journalists . 2009 : Former Peruvian president sentenced to fourth prison term As his decade-long presidency neared its end in 2000 , Fujimori fled Peru for Japan , where he holds dual citizenship because his parents were born there . Japan refused to honor Peru 's request to return him for trial , saying its nationals should be subject to Japanese law and pointing out the two countries have no extradition treaty . He attempted to resign from the presidency by fax from Japan , but Peru 's congress refused to accept it , instead declaring him morally unfit to govern . He arrived in Chile in 2005 in what some saw as a possible attempt to return to Peru and seek office there in 2006 . He was under house arrest for six months in Chile and was extradited to Peru in 2007 . The former leader still has both fierce critics and strong supporters in the South American country . His daughter Keiko lost a bid for president last year . Rallying cries in support of her father were common among crowds at her campaign events . Now that she and her siblings have filed paperwork with Peru 's justice ministry requesting a pardon , President Ollanta Humala -- the man who defeated her at the polls -- will have the final say . His decision could have wide-ranging consequences . Political analysts say a decision in favor of the Fujimori family could change Peru 's political panorama , converting old rivals into allies . 2009 : Report finds Peru 's Fujimori pleads guilty in bribery case Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde and CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Family members say Alberto Fujimori should be released for medical reasons They have filed a request for a humanitarian pardon with Peru 's justice ministry The request has riled political opponents and human rights activists President Ollanta Humala , who defeated Fujimori 's daughter at the polls , has the final say
CNN  -- The body of a tourist was found off the coast of Thailand Tuesday , but six others remain missing after a ferry sank over the weekend near a popular diving destination , authorities said . Survivors of the ferry sinking disembark the Thai police boat that rescued them . The body is believed to be that of Austrian tourist Gabrielle Jetzinger , the Phuket Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Office told the Thai News Agency . A Thai naval helicopter spotted the body floating face down about 12 nautical miles from Phuket 's Promthep cape , and a Thai navy patrol retrieved the floating corpse . The body has been sent to a government hospital for an autopsy , the agency reported . Authorities are still searching for the five tourists and one crew member who remain missing . They are thought to be German , Austrian , Japanese , Swiss and one Thai crew member , the news agency said . The tourist boat , the Choke Somboon 19 , was taking passengers from the Similan Islands to Phuket -- an area popular with tourists from around the world . It capsized during a heavy storm Sunday night , said Lt. Sattawat Srirattanapong with the Phuket City police . Survivors included 15 international tourists and eight Thais , who were picked up by a rescue boat Monday morning . Phuket and the Similan Islands are famous for their diving spots , attracting international tourists each year from November to May .	Body thought to be of Austrian tourist found off Thai coast Five tourists , one crew member still missing after ferry sank at the weekend Body was spotted by Thai rescue helicopter near Phuket 's Promthep cape The ferry sank during heavy storm about 12 miles from shore
CNN  -- Fresh bilateral talks have started in Geneva this week between the United States and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions -- but it is unlikely that the P5 +1 group will lift major financial sanctions before the July deadline for this round of negotiations . Instead , the most likely scenario appears to be an extending of the current interim agreement . Although the IAEA recently verified that Iran has eliminated its second stage uranium enrichment capacity , which was something of a significant concession , Tehran is unlikely to gain a permanent lifting of oil and banking sanctions by way of return . Nevertheless , there is still a clear trend towards a break between commercial and nuclear diplomacy . Even if the latter stalls , the former is a train that has left the station -- and that will constitute the decisive and irrevocable breakthrough in the end . As the nuclear talks continues the cat-and-mouse pattern begun more than a decade ago , commercial engagement is heading into uncharted -- and likely irreversible -- territory . The ink is not yet dry on November 's Joint Action Plan , which was intended to ease sanctions : Russia has promised to buy 500,000 barrels per day of Iranian crude oil , lifting its exports by 50 % and adding $ 1.5 billion a month to Iran 's struggling economy . A $ 20 billion barter deal is in the works , exchanging Iranian oil for Russian industrial goods and food . With Ukraine revealing a deep fissure between the West and Moscow , it is unlikely that Russia would comply with any extension of sanctions anyway . Iran 's foreign minister Javad Zarif has firmly declared that there will be no agreement until all sanctions are lifted . The rest of the world is taking him at his word as well . At the World Economic Forum 's annual meeting in Davos this January , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani met with CEOs and with EU Commission President Barosso , followed by a large French business delegation -- including major firms such as GDF Suez , Lafarge and Alstom -- visiting Tehran in February . Renault has resumed car part shipments to Iran . Clearly , the business community moves faster than governments . China already does more than $ 20 billion per year in trade with Iran , and is responsible for most of the $ 16 billion direct foreign investment into Iran during 2013 double the volume in the previous year . In February China 's commerce minister Gao Hucheng signed an agreement in Tehran aimed at doubling non-oil trade in the coming years . Chinese-Iranian trade and investment volumes have fluctuated due to sanctions -- and with the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan all but complete , both countries are accelerating plans to deepen the "  new Silk Road " rail and highway corridor across the only country that separates them . No doubt the next Afghan president , who faces empty coffers as American aid slows to a trickle , will welcome his neighbors ' initiative . There have been plenty of other willing sanctions busters . Turkey has sold close to $ 10 billion in gold to Iran in exchange for much needed gas . Turkmenistan and other Central Asian republics have conducted oil swap deals with Iran in which they ship crude across the Caspian Sea to Iranian terminals and Iran delivers oil to their clients via its Persian Gulf terminals . The message is clear : Sanctions are a false piety , and while they have been disastrous for an economy which might be on a par by now with Turkey or Mexico , they do n't seem to have damaged Iran 's nuclear program any more than fresh sanctions on Russia over the Ukraine crisis will hurt its military . The IAEA has said that Iran 's centrifuge count , necessary to enrich uranium , has risen from 300 to 19,000 , with a potential timeline to test a nuclear weapon of anywhere from one to three months . Some experts argue that even a military strike on one of Iran 's major nuclear facilities at Nantaz or Arak would only delay nuclear weapon breakout capacity by six to 12 months . As far as global companies are concerned , therefore , blocking them from making commercial inroads into Iran makes little , if any , logical sense . While America prides itself on doing the "  heavy lifting " of conflict and diplomacy to liberate Iraq and contain Iran 's nuclear program , the rest of the world seems to simply want Washington to get out of the way . Today 's dynamic is reminiscent of when Libya opened up to the rest of the world in 2003 : once Tripoli had pledged to abandon its nuclear program , Europeans raced into the country to make deals , with then UK Prime Minister Tony Blair lobbying for years on behalf of then-leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and Western business interests . Observing how Iraq 's oil sector has played out is also instructive . America sacrificed more than 4,000 lives on Iraqi soil in order for Royal Dutch Shell , Russia 's Gazprom , Malaysia 's Petronas , and PetroChina to dominate the country 's production and exports . The Iran dynamic is similarly shifting from isolation to tug-of-war : whoever builds the most "  Silk Roads " connecting commercially to Iran wins . A simple look at a map will suffice : Iran is a large and centrally located nation with thousands of years of regional ties -- and a large diaspora -- which serve to keep the country connected . It is not Cuba  not that isolating Cuba has led to regime change either  : decades have been wasted pretending that a central civilization such as Iran could be contained , or believing that it is deeply irrational , a cause rather than a country . Bringing Iran fully into the global economy is an opportunity few are willing to resist any longer : even American companies . Cargill , Archer Daniels Midland and other American food producers and traders have been among the chief beneficiaries of loopholes and exemptions in existing sanctions . Now others want in on Iran 's lucrative market , not least oil and industrial giants eager to access and overhaul Iran 's decrepit energy infrastructure . Under the vague provisions of the Geneva agreement , GE and Boeing now claim they have the right to inspect and repair American-made aircraft engines used in Iran 's civilian aircraft . If one year from now Iran remains close to developing a nuclear weapon , then we can expect that Russia , China , India , Turkey and other nations will nonetheless have moved well ahead in exploiting the current thaw to lock-in long-term deals with Tehran . Furthermore , the European temptation to tap Iran 's energy supply and access its flows through the Nabucco and other gas pipelines will prove overwhelming , especially in the aftermath of Russia 's ever unpredictable aggression in eastern Europe . The U.S. stands little chance of unwinding these commercial arrangements , even if Iran proves recalcitrant on the nuclear front . Instead , Western countries should understand that their leverage can be more effective if applied to a dynamic of engagement than one of containment . The U.S. should add its weight to this tug-of-war over Iran . If the West fully lifts sanctions for the first time in decades , it can strongly re-shape Iran 's economic and diplomatic constellations . The U.S. should , as it has done in Myanmar , allow American companies to invest directly except with blacklisted individuals and entities , and with certain additional reporting compliance requirements . After decades of leading isolation and sanctions , President Obama had an impactful visit to Yangon in 2012 and U.S. companies now enjoy a privileged status in Myanmar . Iran 's recent cancellation of a $ 2.5 billion China National Petroleum Corporation project for the joint development of the South Azadegan oil field project is a very strong sign that an open Iran will choose Western quality goods and services over China 's often under-whelming technology . Places like Dubai , whose long-standing Iranian trade has been curbed substantially due to sanctions , would likely have a greater role in the race for the economic and strategic spoils in Iran . Indeed , the UAE has just concluded a high-level agricultural and industrial delegation to Iran that explored both investments in Iran and facilitating Iranian exports . In a more regulated framework , Dubai will become the offshore hub for Iran 's rehabilitation for at least a decade or more , a safe city to negotiate with Iranian counterparties , a location where investors can place collateral for transactions rather than with Iranian banks directly . This would also make it easier to monitor a large portion of the investment into Iran . Oman , which in recent years has been a back-channel mediator between the U.S. and Iran , has just unveiled plans for a 1,000 km gas pipeline to Iran , making it another crucial Arab ally in overseeing the evolution of Iran 's energy sector . Lifting sanctions would not suddenly make Iran or Iranians pro-Western rather than playing the country 's central geography to multi-align in all directions with China , Russia , India , Europe and others . But it would empower a stronger commercial constituency inside Iran to keep access to its markets open -- and more openly oppose Tehran policies that risk undermining their gains . This hardly amounts to an anti-nuclear lobby , but would certainly constitute one with a lot more to lose by supporting the regime 's agenda . Iran will only accept such a path as a genuine two-way street . As such , it must hold up its end of the bargain -- or face fully justified Western measures -- from sabotage to cyber-attacks to airstrikes -- to delay its nuclear program . But America should not delude itself : Even a nuclear Iran is one most of the world will do business with .	Khanna : There is a clear trend towards a break between commercial and nuclear diplomacy Dynamic is reminiscent of when Libya opened up to the rest of the world in 2003 , says Khanna Khanna : Even a nuclear Iran is one most of the world will do business with
LONDON , England  Reuters  -- Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe gains access to a reported # 20 million  $ 41.1 million  fortune as he turns 18 on Monday , but he insists the money wo n't cast a spell on him . Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter in "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " To the disappointment of gossip columnists around the world , the young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars , drink and celebrity parties . "  I do n't plan to be one of those people who , as soon as they turn 18 , suddenly buy themselves a massive sports car collection or something similar , " he told an Australian interviewer earlier this month . "  I do n't think I 'll be particularly extravagant . "  The things I like buying are things that cost about 10 pounds -- books and CDs and DVDs . " At 18 , Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino , buy a drink in a pub or see the horror film "  Hostel : Part II , " currently six places below his number one movie on the UK box office chart . Details of how he 'll mark his landmark birthday are under wraps . His agent and publicist had no comment on his plans . "  I 'll definitely have some sort of party , " he said in an interview . "  Hopefully none of you will be reading about it . " Radcliffe 's earnings from the first five Potter films have been held in a trust fund which he has not been able to touch . Despite his growing fame and riches , the actor says he is keeping his feet firmly on the ground . "  People are always looking to say ` kid star goes off the rails , ' " he told reporters last month . "  But I try very hard not to go that way because it would be too easy for them . " His latest outing as the boy wizard in "  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix " is breaking records on both sides of the Atlantic and he will reprise the role in the last two films . Watch I-Reporter give her review of Potter 's latest " There is life beyond Potter , however . The Londoner has filmed a TV movie called "  My Boy Jack , " about author Rudyard Kipling and his son , due for release later this year . He will also appear in "  December Boys , " an Australian film about four boys who escape an orphanage . Earlier this year , he made his stage debut playing a tortured teenager in Peter Shaffer 's "  Equus . " Meanwhile , he is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he 's legally an adult : "  I just think I 'm going to be more sort of fair game , " he told Reuters . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe gets # 20M fortune as he turns 18 Monday Young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away Radcliffe 's earnings from first five Potter films have been held in trust fund
Royal Dutch Shell says it will "  pause " its closely watched project to drill for oil off the Alaskan coast this year , instead spending 2013 preparing for future exploration . The company began work in the Beaufort and Chukchi seas in the remote Arctic this summer . The project caused widespread concern among environmentalists and suffered some high-profile snags , including the grounding of a drill barge that was being towed back to the Lower 48 . "  Alaska remains an area with high potential for Shell over the long term , and the company is committed to drill there again in the future , " a corporate statement issued Wednesday afternoon declared . But Shell said it would take time off this year "  to prepare equipment and plans for a resumption of activity at a later stage . " Shell began preparatory drilling on two wells in September and October . Before the work began , the drill ship Noble Discoverer slipped its mooring and drifted toward shore in the Aleutian Islands , though it remained afloat . Then on New Year 's Eve , the drill barge Kulluk had to be cut loose in a severe storm while being towed back to its winter home port in Seattle . It ran aground on an uninhabited island about 200 miles south of Anchorage and was stuck there for a week before being refloated . Shell said both vessels are now being towed to Asia for maintenance and repairs . The incidents sharpened concerns about Shell 's plans to drill in the Arctic , both among environmentalists and in native Alaskan communities . The World Wildlife Fund , a leading environmental group , called Shell 's decision wise under the circumstances . "  Throughout the 2012 season , Shell 's experience proved time and time again the inherent difficulties in meeting challenging Arctic conditions and the safety standards required by the federal government , " Margaret Williams , the group 's managing director for the region , said in a written statement . The company 's decision "  should be heeded by others in the industry as they re-examine their future in this inhospitable environment . " And Chuck Clusen , the Natural Resources Defense Council 's director of Alaska projects , said the Obama administration should "  learn from this experience , step into the ring and end this folly once and for all -- before the next accident happens . " Sen. Lisa Murkowski , the ranking member of the Senate 's energy and natural resources committee , said that she continues to support Shell 's plans and that the suspension was evidence of the company 's commitment to safety . "  I have always said that it must be done to the highest safety standards , " the Alaska Republican said . "  This pause -- and it is only a pause in a multi-year drilling program that will ultimately provide great benefits both to the state of Alaska and the nation as a whole -- is necessary for Shell to repair its ships and make the necessary updates to its exploration plans that will ensure a safe return to exploration soon . " The plans were held up after BP 's 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Shell says it 's working at far less depth and lower pressures than the BP well that erupted nearly a mile beneath the Gulf , killing 11 men on board a rig and unleashing an undersea gusher that took three months to cap . "  Alaska holds important energy resources , " the company said Wednesday . "  At the same time , securing access to those resources requires special expertise , technology and an in-depth understanding of the environmental and societal sensitivities unique to the region . " The U.S. Geological Survey estimates more than 90 billion barrels of oil and nearly 1,700 trillion cubic feet of natural gas may be recoverable by drilling in the North Slope area . Shrinking of the region 's sea ice -- which hit record lows in 2012 -- has created new opportunities for energy exploration in the region . "  The causes of last year 's mishaps must be remedied so they do not occur in the future , " Marilyn Heiman , director of the Pew Charitable Trusts ' Arctic program , said in an e-mail . She called on the federal government and oil companies to meet with environmental groups to "  develop world-class industry standards and ecological and cultural protections to safeguard the Arctic . " Climate researchers say that a decrease in sea ice is a symptom of a warming climate , caused largely by the combustion of carbon-rich fossil fuels . The research is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most scientists .	One environmental group says company should "  end this folly " Shell wo n't resume Arctic drilling in 2013 Company taking the year "  to prepare equipment and plans " for another time Project had been widely criticized by environmental groups
CNN  -- Investigators discovered four more bodies Tuesday at the Cleveland , Ohio , home of a convicted rapist -- making a total of 10 since last week , Police Chief Michael McGrath said Tuesday . Authorities on Tuesday charged Anthony Sowell with five counts of aggravated murder after unearthing the bodies of women at his home last week , police said . Sowell , 50 , also was charged with rape , felonious assault and kidnapping , police said . His arraignment is scheduled for Wednesday morning . Police arrested Sowell on Saturday , two days after discovering the decomposing bodies of five females inside his home and another woman 's body outside the house . Earlier Tuesday , a source close to the investigation had told CNN that a seventh body had been found in the home . The source , who was not authorized to speak on the record , did not reveal the gender of the seventh body found at Sowell 's home . The source did not say exactly where the body was found at the residence . Authorities found the first two bodies last week while trying to serve an arrest and search warrant on Sowell related to a sexual assault investigation , and an intensive search began . Sowell was not home at the time ; officers found him after a tipster told them of his whereabouts . The decomposing bodies of the first six women , all of whom were African-American , could have been lying where they were found for "  weeks , if not months or years , " Cuyahoga County Coroner Frank Miller III told CNN on Saturday . All six deaths were ruled homicides , Lt. Thomas Stacho of the Cleveland Police Department said Monday , with five of the deaths due to strangulation . About a month ago , a woman accused Sowell of rape and felonious assault , Stacho noted last week . Investigators obtained the warrants that set off the search after the "  cooperation of the victim , " he said . Officers serving the warrants Thursday discovered the badly decomposed remains of two bodies on the third floor of the house , he added . A subsequent search revealed what appeared to be a freshly dug grave under the stairs in the basement . On Friday , investigators returned to the house , dug up the grave and found a third body , Stacho said . A further search of the house and property found two more bodies in a crawl space and a sixth body in a shallow grave outside the home . Five different burial methods were used on the victims , and the bodies were in varying states of decomposition , said Miller , which made it difficult to determine the ages of the victims . Stacho said Sowell makes his living as a "  scrapper . " "  He walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junk yards to make a few pennies , " he said . Sowell was convicted of a 1989 rape and was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005 , Stacho said . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	NEW : Four more bodies unearthed on Tuesday , Cleveland police chief says Total of bodies found at home of Anthony Sowell is up to 10 Sowell , 50 , has been charged with five counts of aggravated murder Bodies could have been there for "  weeks , if not months or years , " coroner says
CNN  -- It 's Valentine 's Day , and the Olympic village is in the mood -- at least that 's the story according to one champion athlete at this month 's Games . Slopestyle gold medalist Jamie Anderson revealed she had to delete her account with online dating app Tinder before her snowboard event in order to focus on the Olympics . "  Tinder in the Olympic Village is next level , " the 23-year-old from South Lake Tahoe , California said in an interview with the magazine U.S. Weekly published Wednesday . "  It 's all athletes ! In the mountain village it 's all athletes . It 's hilarious . There are some cuties on there . "  There was a point where I had to be like OK , this is way too distracting . I deleted my account to focus on the Olympics . " Tinder is a matchmaking app for smartphones that facilitates communication between nearby users , prompting them to decide whether they like each other on the basis of a photograph and a brief profile . If two users select "  like " for one another , the match is made known to both individuals and they can begin messaging . With most athletes owning smartphones and being active on social media , it was perhaps inevitable that the increasingly popular Tinder would play Cupid at the Olympics . In fact , the company has experienced a 400 % day-over-day increase of new users in Sochi since the Games began last Friday , Tinder CEO and founder Sean Rad told the Wall Street Journal . With almost 3,000 competitors staying in the Olympic Village alone , and that does n't include support staff , officials , media and fans who are all staying nearby . This diverse mix of people from all corners of the globe , for what is essentially one big party over a three-week period , is perhaps why organizers have seen fit to supply roughly 100,000 condoms to the Olympic village . "  I have n't seen it in action but I 've definitely heard the athletes ' village is a melting pot of good-looking people at the top of their sport , " U.S. snowboarder Alex Diebold told reporters . "  They do provide free condoms , which I think is a really smart move on their part . I think you can get them at the medical office . We 're good-looking people all hanging out together and stuff like that is bound to happen , " he added . Fellow American Jacqueline Hernandez said while she had been staying offline in the run-up to her snowboard cross event on Sunday , that was unlikely to remain the case for long . "  I have n't gotten on Tinder since I got here . I think after our event when we move up to the mountain  athletes ' village  I will definitely try to Tinder it up , " the 21-year-old said . But while some athletes have taken to modern technology in the search for that someone special in Sochi , others have kept it old-school . The traditional definition of Valentine 's Day , after all , is for couples and singles to express their love -- openly or anonymously -- through cards , candy , flowers and gifts . "  If you have a girlfriend , you should tell her you love her every day , " said Austrian snowboarder Hanno Douschan . "  Maybe when I get back to the athletes ' village I will find a chocolate heart from the cleaning lady . " U.S. figure skater Ashley Wagner went one step further and tweeted a Valentine 's card to herself , making light of her underwhelmed reaction to the judges ' scorecards after she performed in the team event last weekend -- an image that went viral . Others are so focused on the competition , however , that Valentine 's Day and the Tinder factor have barely registered . Australia 's Tora Bright , who followed her 2010 halfpipe gold with silver in Sochi , had to be reminded it was February 14 . "  Oh , it 's Valentine 's day today ? " the snowboarder asked . "  Every day is Valentine 's day . I give my love to all my loved ones every day . "  Well I do n't have a Valentine , so I 'm just going to forget about it . " Swiss snowboarder Simona Meiler , meanwhile , was none too enamored with the focus on anything other than the sport . "  My plans for Valentine 's Day is to go to the press conference , rest and get ready for tomorrow , " the 24-year-old said . "  It 's a day of preparation like any other . I 've got other things on my mind , it 's not my focus . "	Athletes at the Winter Olympics are using dating app Tinder Gold medalist Jamie Anderson had to delete account as it was too distracting Organizers have provided more than 100,000 condoms for athletes
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Flower-Flavored PEZ ® There are some foods that people would eat only if they were stranded on a deserted island . No , that 's not a typo . Although it would be equally disgusting , we 're talking about flower , not flour . Introduced in the late 1960 's , flower-flavored PEZ was designed to appeal to the hippie generation -- complete with a groovy , psychedelic dispenser . But even in the decade of free love , no love could be found for the flavor power of flower . Floral scents make for great perfume , but nobody eats perfume , and apparently , there 's a reason why . The flower version flopped , and became the next addition to PEZ 's long and disturbing list of flavor failures . Since its introduction in 1927 , the company has also sold  however briefly  coffee , licorice , eucalyptus , menthol , and cinnamon flavors . 2 . ' I Hate Peas ! ' For as long as children have been shoving Brussels sprouts under mashed potatoes and slipping green beans to the dog , parents have been hunting desperately for a way to end the vegetable discrimination . Finally , in the 1970 's , American Kitchen Foods , Inc. came to the rescue  or at least tried  with the release of "  I Hate Peas ! " Since kids love French fries so much , the company decided that disguising peas in a fry-shaped form was a sure-fire way to trick tots into getting their vitamins . Not a chance . Children all over America saw through the ruse . After all , a pea is a pea is a pea , and the name of the product was more than apropos , no matter what it looked like . There were other thinly disguised vegetables in the company 's "  I Hate " line , but kids hated those , too . 3 . Reddi-Bacon Any company smart enough to bless mankind with sprayable whipped cream -- the sort that promotes direct-to-mouth feeding -- has got to know a thing or two about immediate gratification . But sadly , the makers of Reddi-wip ® were unable to meld their keen understanding of human laziness with one of processed meat . They figured , if you 're cooking breakfast in the morning and you 've got a hankering for bacon , why dirty up a pan you 'll only have to clean later ? The solution : foil-wrapped Reddi-Bacon you could pop into your toaster for piping-hot pork in minutes . It seemed perfect for the busy 1970 's household , and what 's more , the stuff actually tasted pretty good . Too bad the absorbent pad intended to soak up the dripping grease tended to leak , creating not only a fire hazard , but also a messy  if not totally ruined  toaster . Ultimately , the product lasted about as long as it took to cook ; the company scrapped it before it went to market nationwide . 4 . Coffee-flavored JELL-O ® In 1918 , the makers of JELL-O introduced a new flavor : coffee . Its release was ostensibly based on the logic that , since lots of people like to drink coffee with dessert , they 'd be game for combining the two after-dinner treats . Not the case . The company soon realized if anyone wants dessert coffee , they 're going to have a cup of it . In fact , if anyone wants coffee at all , they 're going to have a cup of it . Not surprisingly , this realization came about the time they yanked the product off the shelves . All in all , it has n't harmed the company too much . At least they learned their lesson , right ? Wrong . Cola-flavored JELL-O was sold for about a year starting in 1942 , and for a brief while , the clear , wiggly dessert was sold in celery and chocolate flavors , too . 5 . Heublein 's Wine & Dine In the mid-1970 's , Heublein introduced Wine & Dine , an upscale , easy-to-make dinner that included a small bottle of vino . How refined . How decadent . How confusing . Consumers knew Heublein for their liquor and wines , so how were they supposed to know the wine included in Wine & Dine was an ingredient for the pasta sauce ? Hasty consumers who did n't read the directions closely ended up pouring the contents of the bottle into a nice glass and getting a less-than-pleasant mouthful of salted wine . 6 . Funky Fries While Americans are n't always fond of the French , they do love their French fries . In 2002 , hoping to follow the success of Heinz 's new "  kiddie " ketchup versions  in green and purple  , Ore-Ida introduced Funky Fries : chocolate-flavored , cinnamon-flavored , and blue-colored French fries . An awful lot of money was sunk into the product , but after a year of marketing , consumers still found the idea funky -- in the bad way . Funky Fries were pulled off the shelves in 2003 , and images of blue fries with green ketchup were once again relegated to the world of Warhol-esque pop art . 7 . Pepsi A.M. Creating a super-caffeinated soda worked well for the makers of Red Bull , but not for the folks at Pepsi . With 25 percent more caffeine than a cup of Joe , PepsiCo introduced the cola-flavored product in 1989 , only to discover that most people just could n't bring themselves to drink soda with their cornflakes . For those who wanted a Pepsi in the morning , regular Pepsi did just fine , thankyouverymuch . Pepsi A.M. , like the coffee-flavored Pepsi Kona before it , was scrapped after just a few months . 8 . Gerber Singles At some point in time , almost every adult has tasted baby food and discovered that the stuff is n't half bad . But that does n't mean people want to make a meal out of it . For some reason , Gerber had to learn that lesson the hard way . In 1974 , the company released Gerber Singles , small servings of food meant for single adults , packaged in jars that were almost identical to those used for baby food . It did n't take long for Gerber execs to figure out that most consumers , unless they were less than a year old , could n't get used to eating a pureed meal out of a jar -- particularly one depressingly labeled "  Singles . " Baby food for grown-ups was pulled from the marketplace shortly after its birth . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	There are some foods that Americans refuse to eat Failed to sell : Funky Fries with chocolate , cinnamon-flavored fries Coffee or celery-flavored gelatin desserts Adults did n't eat up baby food for big people
CNN  -- The 54 men and 14 boys rescued after being found chained this week at an Islamic religious school in Pakistan have been reunited with their families or placed in shelters , authorities said . The group was discovered in an underground room with heavy chains linking them together . The school , Al-Arabiya Aloom Jamia Masjid Zikirya , which also was a drug rehab clinic , is in Sohrab Goth , a suburb of Gadap in Karachi . All 14 boys were returned to their families , senior police official Ahsanullah Marwat told CNN . Of the adults , 47 had been released to their families , and seven were handed over to a shelter for the homeless , he said . Three people who worked at the facility were arrested , but the four men who ran the place were still at large , Marwat said . Officials said the facility was part madrassa and part drug-rehab facility , and the captives were chained at night apparently to prevent their escape . "  The operation was successful , and we plan on continuing our work to ensure that places like this are shut down , " Marwat said . Many of the captives told police their families sent them there because they were recovering drug addicts . During the day , they worked and did religious studies . But the future of the rescued children was unclear . One woman told a local television station that she was willing to pay the police to keep her troublesome child . She said she would rather have the facility remain open , regardless of how it treated the children . Many others , however , said they were in shock and disbelief over the allegations . One man complained he was deep in debt after paying the school a large amount of money to board his son .	Captive boys and men were rescued from an Islamic religious school in Pakistan They were reunited with their families this week The facility was a school and drug rehab clinic Authorities say they 're searching for the owners ; three others arrested at the facility
New York  CNN  For the second time in days , New York police -- joined by officers from departments across the country -- buried one of their own Sunday . And again , a silent protest in blue repeated itself as some officers turned their backs on the city 's mayor . The show of dissent happened a week earlier at the funeral for Officer Rafael Ramos , who was killed along with Officer Wenjian Liu as the two patrol partners sat in their squad car . On Sunday at the funeral for Liu , it appeared fewer officers turned their backs as Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke than during the service for Ramos . Before Liu 's service , Police Commissioner William Bratton had asked that officers refrain from acting disrespectfully . Some officers have accused the mayor of encouraging anti-police fervor because of his support of protests against police brutality . Tens of thousands had taken to the streets after the death of African-American Eric Garner during an encounter with white NYPD officers in July . Pat Lynch , head of the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , has taken aim at de Blasio , even saying the mayor 's office was stained with the two dead officers ' blood . But before Sunday 's funeral , Bratton urged officers to be reverent . "  A hero 's funeral is about grieving , not grievance , " Bratton said in a memo . He said the earlier display put all NYPD officers in a bad light . "  It stole the valor , honor and attention that rightfully belonged to the memory of detective Rafael Ramos 's life and sacrifice , " his memo read . On Saturday , there was no protest by the police against the mayor . Several officers saluted de Blasio when he arrived for Liu 's wake . The best of what the U.S. can be At the Sunday service , the slain New York Police officer was remembered as a family man , a dedicated police officer , an avid fisherman and a person who embraced the best of what the United States can be . Liu was 12 when his parents emigrated with him in 1994 from Canton , China . His family said that the first souvenir he bought when he arrived was a sticker of the Statue of Liberty . He valued law and order and always wanted to be an officer . Weeping , his wife Pei Xia Chen told the thousands of mourners who gathered at Brooklyn 's Aievoli Funeral Home that her husband was dedicated to his job and he understood the awesome responsibility it entailed . "  We spoke about work often , " she said , "  and how much respect he had for the law , how he applied the law ... with courtesy , with respect and with the highest professionalism . " The couple had been married for only two months when Liu was shot to death December 20 as he sat in his patrol car next his partner , Officer Rafael Ramos . In uniform , Ramos and Liu were apparently murdered simply because they were cops . Their killer had posted on social media his desire to end police officers ' lives . In the immediate aftermath of the slayings , de Blasio called the attack on the officers an attack on all New Yorkers . On Sunday , the mayor said that Liu , as well as Ramos , "  embodied our city 's most cherished values . " "  In their deaths , we lost  the very best of us . ... We lost two individuals who were showing us the way , " the mayor told mourners . Ramos saw his work as ministry and was posthumously appointed honorary NYPD chaplain . He was just hours away from becoming a lay chaplain and graduating from a community-crisis chaplaincy program before his death . He left behind a wife , Maritza , and two sons , Justin and Jaden . Though he majored in accounting in college , Liu joined the police force where he served for seven years . He used his Chinese-language skills as whenever he could , his family said . Bratton described him as an especially empathetic person who often listened to the people he served in New York . Being a cop is about more than paperwork and arrests and keeping watch , Bratton said , it 's also about being kind . "  For seven years , he sought out " those who were suffering and tried to ease that . At Ramos ' funeral last weekend , Bratton promoted both men to the rank of detective , first grade . Officer Liu "  believed in the possibility ... of a city free of fear , " Bratton said , and is the type of "  officer that we want ... and the type that we have . " De Blasio praised Liu for his love of family . The officer rarely took time off but when he did , Liu went fishing . And in those wonderful moments when he caught a big fish , he would share it with his parents and his wife . He was a "  brave and skilled police officer but he was also a kind man , a kind officer , someone who gave of himself , " the mayor said . "  He wanted to help others in everything he did . " Liu "  walked a path of courage , path of sacrifice , a path of kindness , " the mayor continued . "  This city welcomed Detective Liu . New York stands a little taller today because of the time he walked among us . " FBI director James Comey was the first to address mourners , speaking about what drives officers to do their job despite the risks . "  They want to do good ... they want to make ordinary life " better , " he said . Though political and law enforcement leaders gave moving comments , hearing from Liu 's family members was truly heartbreaking . Liu 's father wept as he praised his son in Cantonese , saying he was grateful for how much Liu cared for him . Pei Xie Chen spoke directly to her husband : "  You were an amazing man . " Diversity and unity The ceremonial burning of paper money and the melodic sounds of Buddhist chants marked Liu 's wake Saturday . There were throngs of police officers -- many who had traveled from across the country to pay respects in New York . They represented many different cultural backgrounds , like Ramos and Liu . Ramos , a New York native of Puerto Rican descent , was remembered last week at a massive gathering at a Protestant church in Queens . "  This was his dream , to become an NYPD officer , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said outside Liu 's wake Saturday . "  In some ways , it 's the ultimate assimilation into America , into New York , to become a police officer . And obviously he was so proud , and he was so proud for his whole family . " Cuomo was unable to attend Sunday 's service due the recent death of his father . After Liu 's funeral , Lynch of the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association told reporters that some officers "  feel like they were turned upon by City Hall and we have a right to express our opinions as well , and they did respectfully . " Officers who turned their backs when the mayor spoke did not act , Lynch said , "  inside a church , not inside the service , but outside where it should be done , on the streets , like we have a right to do . " "  This was an organic gesture that started on the streets of New York , and it should be respected , " he said . After Sunday 's service , a drum corps played as officers walked block after block as Liu 's body was transported from the funeral home . Officers from around the country joined local officers paying tribute . For more than a half mile away in any direction from the procession , one could see a huge wall of police uniforms . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Ray Sanchez and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NYPD commissioner William Bratton said "  Wenjian Liu believed in the possibility of a city free of fear " Some officers turned their back as New York Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke at Wenjian Liu 's funeral in Brooklyn Bratton urged reverence after last weekend 's silent protest against the mayor
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Scientists are claiming they have discovered a new species of monkey living in the remote forests of the Democratic Republic of Congo -- an animal well-known to local hunters but until now , unknown to the outside world . In a paper published Wednesday in the open-access journal Plos One , the scientists describe the new species that they call Cercopithecus Lomamiensis , known locally as the Lesula , whose home is deep in central DR Congo 's Lomami forest basin . The scientists say it is only the second discovery of a monkey species in 28 years . In an age where so much of the earth 's surface has been photographed , digitized , and placed on a searchable map on the web discoveries like this one by a group of American scientists this seem a throwback to another time . Who 's the monkey ? See Lesula 's famous lookalikes "  We never expected to find a new species there , " says John Hart , the lead scientist of the project , "  but the Lomami basin is a very large block that has had very little exploration by biologists . " Hart says that the rigorous scientific process to determine the new species started with a piece of luck , strong field teams , and an unlikely field sighting in a small forest town . "  Our Congolese field teams were on a routine stop in Opala . It is the closest settlement of any kind to the area of forest we were working in , " says Hart . The team came across a strange looking monkey tethered to a post . It was the pet of Georgette , the daughter of the local school director . She adopted the young monkey when its mother was killed by a hunter in the forest . Her father said it was a Lesula , well-known to hunters in that part of the forest . The field team took pictures and showed them to Hart . "  Right away I saw that this was something different . It looked a bit like a monkey from much further east , but the coloring was so different and the range was so different , " said Hart . The monkey to the east is the semi-terrestrial owl-faced monkey . Based on the photos , Hart believed that their shape and size could be similar , but their morphology or outward appearance was very distinct . The Lesula had strikingly large , almost human like , eyes , a pink face and golden mane . Far to the east , across several large river systems , the Owl Face is aptly named . Its sunken eyes are set deep in a dark face , a white stripe running down from its brow to its mouth , like a line of chalk on a blackboard . To a layman it looks like an open and shut case . But animals are often widely divergent within a species -- humans are an obvious example -- so Hart and his team needed science to prove their gut feeling . "  I got in touch with geneticists and anthropologists to get their advice . I knew it was important to have a collaborative team of experts , " says Hart . The exhaustive study took three years . Hart 's teams set up digital sound recorders in the forests to record the morning calls of the Owl Face and Lesula monkeys . They analyzed the ecology of the forest and behavior of the shy and difficult to observe monkey . Field teams collected Lesula specimens from hunters and monkeys freshly killed by leopards and once , a crowned eagle  the field worker had to wait for the eagle to leave its perch , says Hart  . The specimens were shipped to two research centers in the U.S and the data shared with labs across the country . Christopher Gilbert , an anthropologist based at Hunter College in Manhattan , says the difference in appearance between the Lesula and Owl Face was striking . "  After comparing the skins , we immediately concluded that this was probably something different -LSB- than -RSB- we had seen before , " says Gilbert , an expert in primate and monkey evolution . Skulls of the Lesula and Owl Face monkey were measured with calipers and digitally drawn in 3D . "  We looked at the difference in shape and a number of landmarks in the skulls , " says Gilbert . Previously on CNN.com : New species discovered in South American jungle While the Owl Face and Lesula had similar sized skulls , he says , the Lesula had significantly larger orbits and several other small , but statistically significant , differences in the hard anatomy of the skull . The anatomical studies are backed up by genetics . Scientists at New York University and Florida Atlantic University were able trace an ancient common ancestor . Scientists believe the monkeys evolved separately after a series of rivers separated their habitats . "  The clincher was that lab and field teams were able to document significant difference in conjunction with the genetics . The monkeys were different and have been different for a couple of million years . It demonstrates that there are places in the world that we do not know much about , " says Gilbert . The Lesula 's range covers an area of about 6,500 square miles  17,000 square kilometers  between the Lomani and Tshuapa Rivers . Until recently , it was one of the Congo 's least biologically explored forest blocks . Hart hopes that the announcement will bring a renewed effort to save central Africa 's pristine forests . Under threat by loggers , bush meat hunters , and weak national governments , the forests are a potential well of important scientific discoveries , and a key linchpin of the earth 's biodiversity . Teresa and John Hart 's Lukuru Foundation is working with the Congolese authorities to establish a national park in the Lomani basin before it loses its unique biodiversity . "  The challenge now is to make the Lesula an iconic species that carries the message for conservation of all of DR Congo 's endangered fauna , " says Hart . And what of the first Lesula they found -- Georgette 's pet . After he saw the pictures , Hart regularly sent a team to keep track of the young Lesula 's progress . At some point Georgette let the monkey roam free . "  It seems someone captured it , " says Hart , "  it probably ended up in the cooking pot . " He hopes that with proper protection , the Lesula , and the rest of Lomani 's incredible animal biodiversity , wo n't suffer a similar fate . 2011 : ` Yoda bat ' stars in book of newly discovered species	New monkey discovery is only second such find in 28 years Lesula , or Cercopithecus Lomamiensi , lives in remote forests of DR Congo The find began with luck when a field team saw a strange monkey in a remote town It took three years to confirm the monkey was actually a new species
CNN  -- If the name Diana Nyad sounds familiar , it 's probably because you 've heard of her incredible feats of human performance -- before people like Lance Armstrong and Michael Phelps became household names . Meeting Nyad , it 's instantly obvious there 's something different about her . By spending just five minutes with her -- or better yet , watching the 62-year-old swim -- you 'll know you 're in the presence of an amazing athlete . On Sunday , more than 30 years after her last competitive swim , she will once again take to the waters of the Straits of Florida to attempt the 103-mile swim . It 's her fourth attempt to claim what she calls the "  Xtreme Dream . " "  I 'm feeling some pressure , " she said in an interview that aired Friday . "  I 'm feeling tremendous inner pressure that this has got to be it , this has got to be the last time . "  On the other hand , I have to tell you , I am sky-high excited , " she said . "  My adrenaline is just pumping out of my skin . " In the 1970s , Nyad was unstoppable . In addition to winning multiple swimming marathons , she was one of the first women to encircle the island of Manhattan , and she holds the world 's record for longest ocean swim -- 102.5 miles from the island of Bimini in the Bahamas to Jupiter , Florida . But there was one goal that eluded her . Nyad will continue chasing ` Xtreme dream ' "  I 'm turning 60 , and I thought , ` What have I done with my life ? What have n't I done with my life , ' " she said two years ago . "  I started thinking , ` You know what , Diana ? You 've got to get real with life 's lessons ; one of which is , you ca n't go back . ' " But a chance sighting of her own face in the rear view mirror changed her outlook completely . "  I caught my eyes , and I thought , ` Wait a second . There 's one thing you actually can go back for ' -- and that 's the dream swim , which was Cuba to Florida . " Her first attempt was in 1978 . "  I remember , I got down to the shore with my six handlers , " she said . "  We 're looking out at a raging sea of whitecaps . " Nyad said her navigator assured her that the seas calmed down almost to the serenity of a skating pond just a few miles out . Unsure , she took his word for it and dove in . "  If you 're on the Everest team that 's on the penultimate climb , and a storm comes in , you do n't say ` What the heck , we 're going anyway , " she said . "  In this swim , we just said , ` What the heck , we 're going anyway . " Forty-one hours and 49 minutes later , Nyad 's team pulled her out of the sea -- battered , delirious , ravaged by jellyfish , and only 50 miles from where she had started . That left her almost 60 miles from her intended landing spot . The sting of jellyfish , man-of-war and unfulfilled dreams Last year , Nyad twice met a similar fate . On her first attempt in August , an 11-hour asthma attack and shoulder pain forced Nyad out of the water about 29 hours into her swim . Again in September , it was several stings from Atlantic box jellyfish that ended her quest . This Sunday , for the third time in a year , Nyad will take to the seas -- departing from Havana , Cuba 's , Hemingway Marina on a quest to swim for the Florida shore . "  I 'm ready for this , " she said this week . "  We 've got the right team . We 've got a great weather window coming up , and I 'm just picturing that Florida shore and finally getting to those Florida Keys . " "  I 've left no stone unturned in training , " she said two years ago . "  I look at the weather , I look at my team , I look at shark devices , so I 'm ready . " Speaking of sharks , Nyad is attempting the swim without a physical shark cage , and she is relying on an electronic shark repellent device and a team of divers to keep them away . Why does she continue to try ? "  I would be lying if I said I 'd just been stewing over this for 30 years . I really have n't , " she said previously . "  The issue here is n't as much about making that big athletic dream . Really bigger than that is this existential grappling about being 60 . " Nyad 's journey : In her own words She went on to paint a picture of those her age "  back in the day " as old people -- wrinkled , shriveled up and discarded by society . "  Look at 60-year-olds today . They 're not old , and I 'm not old , " she said previously . "  I 'm not as fast as I used to be , I 'll admit that , " she said this week . "  But I actually feel a little more powerful . I do n't feel as quick , but I feel more powerful . "  And in terms of mind , I 'm just a calmer person , " she said . "  I take things in stride . I used to get very angry if the weather did n't turn out the way I wanted it to ... I did n't think it was fair . I realize at this late stage in life that not everything is fair , and I accept things more readily . " "  I 'm older than I was , yes , " she said two years ago . "  I 'm slower than I was , but I 'm still vital and I 'm still powerful , and when I walk up on that shore in Florida , I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say , ` I 'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do . I 'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at . I 'm going to adopt a child . It 's not too late , I can still live my dreams . ' " CNN Documentary : Diana Nyad : Xtreme Dream	Diana Nyad calls the quest the "  Xtreme Dream " "  This has got to be the last time , " she says Nyad will begin the swim in Cuba on Sunday She holds the world 's record for the longest swim
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- On the question of whether recent immigrants assimilate as quickly as previous waves , many Americans exhibit short fuses -- and even shorter memories . Ruben Navarrette Jr. notes that immigrants have been criticized throughout history for not assimilating . They have convinced themselves that , instead of adapting to the customs of this country , new arrivals -- most of whom come from Asia or Latin America -- expect the rest of us to accommodate them . They go ballistic over little things -- Mexican flags , taco trucks , libraries that offer bilingual story time , or having to "  press one for English . " Yet , even as they look down on new immigrants , many Americans look back fondly upon their immigrant ancestors . Legend has it that when grandpa arrived from Ireland , Germany , Italy or Poland , he jumped off the boat , immediately draped himself in the American flag , ripped out his native tongue , and abandoned his culture -- all while singing "  Yankee Doodle Dandy . " Germans did not move to Milwaukee and make beer and cheese . The Irish did not settle in Boston and join organizations like the Hibernian Society to preserve their heritage and culture . And even while Americans complain about how the current crop of immigrants are n't like their predecessors , they miss the irony : At the time , there were people who said the same thing about their ancestors ; the Germans were thought to not be like the English , the Irish were n't like the Germans , the Italians were n't like the Irish etc. . And the Chinese were n't like anyone who had come before them , and so they were labeled "  unassimilable " by the Tom Tancredos of that era . Some things never change . When I was growing up in Central California , which is home to a large population of immigrants from Southeast Asia , thousands would gather to celebrate Hmong New Year . The local newspaper would do a feature . And , in the days that followed , someone would write an angry letter to the editor complaining that these people were n't melting into the pot . Yet , there is more melting going on than one might think , according to a new report from the Manhattan Institute . Billed as the first annual Index of Immigrant Assimilation , the study was written by Duke University Professor Jacob Vigdor . It measured three kinds of assimilation : economic  employment , education , homeownership , etc.  ; cultural  intermarriage , English proficiency , family size , etc.  ; and civic  citizenship , military service , political participation , etc.  . Far from discovering that recent immigrants are ducking the assimilation process , the study found that "  immigrants of the past quarter-century have assimilated more rapidly than their counterparts of a century ago , even though they are more distinct from the native population upon arrival . " Of course , individual groups still fall behind in some categories . Chinese and Indian immigrants have low levels of cultural assimilation . Mexican immigrants have low levels of economic assimilation . And Canadian and Indian immigrants have low levels of civic assimilation , since few of them become citizens . But , overall , the news is good . After more than 200 years , America still does an excellent job of assimilating immigrants . Even if a particular group tried to resist the process , they would n't stand a chance . Assimilation happens , whether the immigrants are ready or not . Those are the facts . Of course , fear does n't listen to facts . That is something else that has n't changed . Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist . Read his column here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Navarrette : Americans perceive new immigrants as not assimilating Americans think ancestors got off the boat waving the Stars and Stripes , he says That leads to resentment of current wave of immigrants , he says But a recent study says new immigrants are joining the mainstream
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama released his long-awaited debt reduction plan Monday , outlining a roughly $ 3 trillion savings blueprint that was immediately criticized by top congressional and other Republicans . The president 's plan includes $ 1.5 trillion in new revenue generated largely by higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans , a proposal strongly opposed by GOP leaders who insist that any tax increase will undermine an already shaky economy . The measure -- which would add to nearly $ 1 trillion in savings signed into law under the debt-ceiling deal enacted in August -- does not include changes to Social Security . It would increase Medicare premiums for individuals with higher incomes starting in 2017 -- the year Obama leaves office if he wins a second term . "  We are not going to have a one-sided deal that hurts the folks that are most vulnerable , " Obama said at the White House , offering a defense of tax hikes on the highest earners . Spending cuts alone "  will not solve our fiscal problems . We ca n't just cut our way out of this hole , " he added . "  It 's going to take a balanced approach . If we 're going to make spending cuts -- many of which we would n't make if we were n't facing such large budget deficits -- then it 's only right that we ask everyone to pay their fair share . " Obama explicitly promised to veto any debt-reduction legislation that cuts benefits while failing to include higher taxes on the wealthy . iReport : What do you think about Obama 's plan ? "  I will not support any plan that puts all the burden on ordinary Americans , " he insisted . Republicans responded by dismissing the plan as little more than a cheap political gimmick . It 's "  a thinly veiled attempt to score political points , " said Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus . "  By raising taxes on job creators , Obama may win back some support from disgruntled liberal voters , but America will lose even more sorely needed jobs . " "  Veto threats , a massive tax hike , phantom savings and punting on entitlement reform is not a recipe for economic or job growth â $ " or even meaningful deficit reduction , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  Pitting one group of Americans against another is not leadership , " added House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . Key congressional Democrats quickly rallied to Obama 's defense , calling the blueprint a serious attempt to take on one of the most contentious issues in Washington . The "  proposal is clearly moving in the right direction , " said North Dakota Sen. Kent Conrad , chairman of the Senate Budget Committee . "  It represents a significant and balanced plan for bringing our deficits and debt under control . " On Monday night , Obama referred to the Republican response as predictable and said the issue shows the fundamental difference between the parties on how the nation should deal with mounting federal deficits and national debt . "  What has been clear over the last two and a half years is that we have not had a willing partner , " Obama told a New York fundraising event . "  Now , we 've been able to get some stuff done despite that , and despite a filibuster in the Senate . But at least over the last nine months what we 've seen is some irreconcilable differences , let 's put it that way . " The release of Obama 's blueprint is likely to set the stage for a fall dominated by harsh partisan debates over taxes and spending , as well as a 2012 presidential campaign focused on growing economic fears . Under Obama 's plan , $ 800 billion in revenue would be generated by allowing some of the Bush-era tax cuts for high-income households to expire , as the president has repeatedly called for . An additional $ 400 billion would result from capping the value of itemized deductions and other exemptions for high-income households . Read the White House plan  PDF The remaining $ 300 billion would come from closing various tax loopholes , according to a senior administration official . A new tax surcharge could also be imposed on millionaires : the "  Buffett Rule , " named after investor Warren Buffett , who argues that the richest Americans are not taxed enough . Wealthier Americans often derive much of their income from investments , which are typically taxed at a lower rate than ordinary income such as wages . As a result , they can end up owing a lower percentage of their income in federal taxes than someone who makes less money , especially once payroll taxes are factored in . The concept behind the Buffett Rule is that those earning more than $ 1 million should not be allowed to pay a lesser percentage of their income in federal taxes than Americans lower down the income scale . Read more : On taxes and debt , left and right dare to agree In terms of spending , Obama 's plan incorporates $ 580 billion in mandatory cuts , including $ 248 billion from the politically popular Medicare program . Roughly 90 % of those savings will come from reducing overpayments in the system , according to a senior administration official . Any changes to Medicare benefits wo n't kick in before 2017 , the official said . An additional $ 72 billion will come from Medicaid and other health programs . The president 's plan does not include any Social Security reform proposals or changes to the Medicare eligibility age , reforms that have reportedly been put on the table by the administration in the past but are strongly opposed by a number of progressive Democrats . Another $ 1.1 trillion in savings would be generated by winding down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . In addition , the administration is counting savings that would result from spending caps it has proposed on future overseas contingency operations . The administration also estimates interest savings of approximately $ 430 billion , a result of less borrowing and smaller annual budget shortfalls . Roughly $ 450 billion in the plan would be used to pay for the American Jobs Act , the economic stimulus measure proposed by Obama last week . Top Republicans call the president 's plan a form of class warfare . "  When you pick one area of the economy and you say , ` We 're going to tax those people because most people are not those people , ' that 's class warfare , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  We have a difference of opinion on how best to fix these problems , " House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  But when the president does things like this , it leads you to believe that he 's not in bipartisan consensus-making mood . He 's in a political class-warfare mode and campaign mode . And that 's not good for our economy . " Obama explicitly rejected the class warfare claim Monday . "  I reject the idea that asking a hedge fund manager to pay the same tax rate as a plumber or a teacher is class warfare , " the president said . "  I think it 's just the right the thing to do . I believe the American middle class , who 've been pressured relentlessly for decades , believe it 's time that they were fought for as hard as the lobbyists and some lawmakers have fought to protect special treatment for billionaires and big corporations . " Democrats have blamed Republicans for blocking the Obama administration 's initiatives purely for what Democrats insist are short-term political gain . "  I do n't think people like that style of politics , and that 's the reality ... we 'll be facing in November 2012 , " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said Sunday . Congressional action on deficit reduction is moving on multiple tracks now . Durbin said the Democratic-controlled Senate would take up Obama 's jobs plan next month , while leaders in the Republican-controlled House have rejected some parts of it . Meanwhile , a special deficit reduction commission created under last month 's debt-ceiling agreement has started its work amid the longstanding political divisions on key issues . The 12-member committee , evenly divided between Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate , has until November 23 to draft a $ 1.5 trillion deficit-reduction plan that can win congressional approval by December 23 . Otherwise , more than $ 1 trillion in across-the-board spending cuts will go into effect , on top of $ 900 billion in cuts already mandated under the debt ceiling deal . The special committee "  is taking this issue far more seriously than the White House , " McConnell said Monday . More than a year of rancorous negotiations on deficit reduction has failed to resolve a fundamental dispute between Republicans and Democrats involving the size of government and whether to raise tax revenue while cutting spending . The brinkmanship of the negotiations , with uncertainty over whether the government might default if no deal was reached , was one reason that ratings agency Standard & Poor 's downgraded the U.S. credit rating from AAA to AA-plus in August . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Jeanne Sahadi , Tom Cohen and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama cites "  irreconcilable differences " with Republicans The plan calls for $ 1.5 trillion in new taxes , including a tax surcharge on millionaires Over $ 1 trillion in savings would be realized by ending wars in Iraq , Afghanistan GOP leaders call the new taxes a form of class warfare
EW.com  -- Enough with the chains and whips already . Ever since 2009 's "  Rated R , " the relentlessly dark , blood-on-your-hands record she released after being assaulted by her then boyfriend Chris Brown , Rihanna , 23 , has equated falling for someone with feeling tortured . On last year 's "  LOUD , " she even tried to make pain seem empowering with the hard-pounding single " S&M . " But between " Love the Way You Lie , " a domestic-violence saga played out with Eminem , and " Man Down , " a ragga-tinged murder ballad , she just sounded like she needed a hug . So it 's a relief to find that on her blissed-out sixth album , "  Talk That Talk , " she 's stopped trying to play it so tough . " I 'll let you in on a dirty secret , " she purrs on " Roc Me Out , " " I just want to be loved . " And apparently , love 's never come so easily to RiRi , whose new song titles include " We Found Love , " " We All Want Love , " and  yes  " Drunk on Love . " Is she finally admitting that being young and crushed-out on someone might feel , y' know , kind of fun ? AMA adult rating flat , but a hit with teens True , she 's still got two token I-like-it-rough tracks -- " Birthday Cake " and " Cockiness  Love It  " -- but they 're just filler on an album that 's all about dragging you out of the bedroom and onto the dance floor . U.K. club king Calvin Harris trades Rihanna 's usual somber synths for disco ecstasy on " We Found Love , " a song that builds and builds to a climax that 's so arena-ready it practically begs for someone to blow a vuvuzela . Teaming with pop vet Dr. Luke , Harris offers up more house-DJ bait with " Where Have You Been , " which begins with a cold-pulsing 4/4 beat before falling into a rapturous Daft Punk-style breakdown . Kelly Clarkson , Bruno Mars on ' X Factor ' There 's an international appeal to these songs , which were recorded in luxury suites across France , Germany , and Sweden .  For the aspirational traveler , room numbers are cited in the credits .  When Rihanna 's not singing over Euro-friendly thumps , she 's bouncing to a Caribbean melody , or dipping into dubstep ; " Watch n ' Learn " begins with a reggae drum fill straight out of Bob Marley 's " Buffalo Soldier . " Jay-Z even touts their jet-set lifestyle on the title track , bragging that he can " fly out to Ibiza/Just to get some pizza . " Even with all those options , RiRi 's ready to settle down on album highlight " We All Want Love , " which begins with a Red Hot Chili Peppers-echoing guitar riff and expands into a soaring sing-along . And the heartfelt power ballad " Farewell " finds her pledging loyalty to a guy who takes almost as many business trips as she does : " Even though it kills me that you have to go/I know I 'd be sadder if you did n't hit the road , " she wails , with just enough of a wink to make him wonder what she 'll do while he 's gone . Smart girl . Let him get his pizza from Ibiza , but never let him forget what he 's missing back home . B + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	On her blissed-out sixth album , "  Talk That Talk , " she 's stopped trying to play it so tough She 's still got two token I-like-it-rough tracks -- " Birthday Cake " and " Cockiness  Love It  " The album is all about dragging you out of the bedroom and onto the dance floor
Olympic Stadium , London  CNN  -- The 2012 London Olympics has been an awe-inspiring event -- with daily doses of drama , guts and glory -- but its zenith was always going to be the showdown of the gladiators of pace that is the men 's 100 meters final . Of all Olympic disciplines there are none as original , pure and spectacular as this hallowed contest . Original : Because the first 13 ancient Games consisted only of the "  stadion " discipline , the short-distance sprint race that ran the length of the stadium in Olympia . Pure : Because every person on the planet , barring disability , can relate to running as fast as their legs will carry them ; everyone knows in some way their own limits in this capacity and , consequently , respecting the audacity of the world 's finest and fastest athletes over the distance is an easy connection to make . Spectacular : Because there is no moment in the sporting world that has such intensity of drama . Bolt sprints to Olympic gold The superhuman nature of its combatants connects with the human psyche in a primal and magnetic way , and has transfixed populations from ancient times to modern . Thousands of lucky souls in attendance at London 's packed-to-the-rafters Olympic Stadium were witness to the latest chapter of this thousand-year narrative and in Usain Bolt witnessed arguably its greatest character add to his legend . Another two billion were estimated to be watching the feat live on television screens worldwide . Hindsight would always see the hero prevail , but much was in doubt ahead of the race . True , Bolt was the reigning Olympic champion of 2008 , but the 25-year-old 's aura of invincibility had taken major blows since he shattered the world record in Berlin in 2009 . Concerns pervaded over Bolt 's form and fitness ; worries that escalated when he lost to his training partner and rival Yohan Blake in Jamaica 's trials barely a month before the Games . Olympic blog : Day 9 action as it happened There was a scrutiny associated with Bolt 's every move that no other athlete had to contend with either . Relentless interviews followed endless commercial commitments . His actions may still have conveyed a man who was carefree and confident , but this was a young man who was well versed with the energy-sapping rigors of celebrity on a grand scale . But the task of the champion is to overcome . The first indications of the marvel that was to happen came in the semifinal heats , where Bolt cruised to victory by covering the yardage in little over 10 seconds and seemingly without breaking from second gear . There was a nonchalant swagger to the way qualification was assured . Ahead of the final itself there was no one cooler than the 1.96 meter tall Jamaican . While 80,000 people collectively fidgeted , fretted and fussed in anticipation of the main event , Bolt remained immune to the pressure . He jested as the myriad of TV cameras honed on his expressions , gesticulating how fast he would run with two rapidly moving index and middle fingers . He shrugged and he smiled . The runners were called to their marks , forming a line of the fleet-footed finest . Many champions in their own right : Gay , Gatlin and Ryan from America ; Blake , Powell and Thompson from the Caribbean . Then silence . The pilgrims of the London coliseum were called on to endure a claustrophobic wait by large video screens that said : "  Quiet please . " "  Set ! ... " A lone helicopter broke the noiseless air , hovering miles in the distance . Collective breath was held . BANG !! Eight heads rose in a line on the track as a wave of sound and flash photography exploded around the stadium before crashing on to the most scrutinized piece of land on the planet like a tsunami . Bolt 's reaction time was typically slow , with Gatlin , Blake and Gay faster out of the blocks , but the legs in lane seven were starting to drive . At 20 meters the head was up and the long stride was reeling in the lost ground ; by 50 , Bolt had drawn level , arms now pumping like pistons , torso bucking in time . The heat was on . The line of sprinters in alternate lanes of red and yellow  USA in red , Jamaica in yellow  squeezed every sinew to keep up with the new pacemaker . Bolt relaxed , elongated his stride and left the rest in his wake . When he crossed the line after 9.63 seconds he was a good meter ahead of the field . The time -- the second fastest in history -- was a new Olympic record and Bolt had achieved what only Carl Lewis had before : to have won gold medals twice in the event . He had beaten three other athletes who ran under 9.8 seconds  9.85 was the world record up until 2008  , making it the fastest 100m podium of all time . Usain Bolt : The man whose name sounds preordained by the Gods , a real-life superman , the greatest sprint showman that ever lived , the world-record holder and the newly crowned double Olympic champion . The king still reigns , and he 'll be running the 200m in a few days time ...	Men 's 100 meter sprint the most original , pure , spectacular Olympic event Reigning Olympic champion Usain Bolt confirms his position as world 's fastest man Jamaican covered the distance in 9.63 seconds , a new Olympic record Three other athletes ran under 9.8 seconds creating the fastest podium ever
Several times a day , helicopters land and take off from the helipad above Seattle 's Fisher Plaza . But this time was different . The sound -- what the lead investigator described as an "  unusual noise " -- gave away Tuesday morning that something was amiss . What followed immediately afterward proved it , as a news helicopter tumbled to the ground and burst into flames , with those flames spreading to several parked cars in its path . "  I looked and the helicopter was almost immediately pitched sideways and off balance , " construction worker Bo Bain told CNN affiliate KING . "  And he kind of just nose-dove over the trees , and clipped the top of the trees and crashed just on the other side of the street there . " The two people aboard the helicopter died in the crash , and another person who 'd been in one of the three vehicles that caught fire was critically burned , officials said . The incident rattled a vibrant part of the Emerald City , falling a few feet from the Space Needle and near the Experience Music Project , Children 's Museum and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation offices , a quarter-mile away . Why did what had started out as a routine takeoff turn into a disaster ? Authorities offered little clarity just after the crash , but promised to find out . "  We want to understand what actually happened , so we can understand what we can do in the future to prevent this from happening , " Mayor Ed Murray said . Man leaves car ` in flames , ' bleeding The 2003 Eurocopter AS350 was owned and operated by Helicopters Inc. , a company that specializes in providing news-gathering copters . While KING indicated on its website that it sometimes made use of the helicopter , it was being leased at the time by CNN affiliate KOMO . The helicopter had just come from Covington , Washington , and was planning to head next to Renton , said Dennis Hogenson with the National Transportation Safety Board , which is leading the investigation . "  A witness described as the helicopter lifted off from the building and began to rotate counterclockwise and subsequently crashed , " he said . Daniel Alejandro Gonzalez told CNN affiliate KIRO that he had gone outside to smoke a cigarette when he heard the helicopter 's engine turn over . "  About 15 , 20 seconds later , I heard it , it sounded like in the movies -- when it goes into slow motion , when you hear the ding , ding , ding ... and after that I heard it collapse . I heard it hit the ground , and that 's when I looked up . " Within a couple of seconds , the scene was ablaze . Video showed what was left of the helicopter immersed in flames , as well as a line of fire in the street that engulfed several vehicles . One man emerged from a car that was ablaze , with "  his shirt ... in flames , his head ... bleeding , " Gonzales said . "  He walked about 20 feet and he collapsed . " The injured man -- in his late 30s -- was taken to Harborview Medical Center in critical condition , with burns over 50 % of his body , fire department spokesman Kyle Moore said . A hospital spokeswoman , Susan Gregg , said doctors at the level-one trauma center had sedated the man , put him on a ventilator and were administering fluids . They were still trying to determine the extent and severity of the burns , she added . Gregg said the man may have helped reduce the severity of his injuries by rolling on the grass , extinguishing the flames . Media mourn loss of their own Bain described the next few minutes as "  chaotic , " with people abandoning their cars and one driver who "  made a U-turn and got out of Dodge as quickly as possible . " The area was already abuzz with commuters heading to work but few tourists , since the Space Needle was still more than two hours from its scheduled opening . Still , while it could have been worse , the crash had a devastating effect -- especially among those who knew the victims . Murray described KOMO workers as being "  in a state of shock . " KOMO identified the victims as Bill Strothman , a retired KOMO photographer who was working as a freelancer , and Gary Pfitzner , the pilot . Strothman had earned 14 Emmy Awards during his career ; his son works as a photographer for the station . "  He was a guy who really knew how his pictures could tell a million words , " KOMO news anchor Dan Lewis said of Strothman , who also worked for the helicopter leasing company that was operating the aircraft . " ... He was such a gentleman , a true gentleman . " Pfitzner too was a familiar face at the station . "  He always had a smile on his face , " said anchor and reporter Molly Shen . "  He loved what he did , loved to be able to fly and be up there above the city and see things from a perspective that most of us do n't get to see . " Seattle 's mayor , Murray , met Tuesday with Strothman 's family , having known the father and son . "  It just brought it home in a very personal way , " the mayor told reporters . " ... It just reminds us both that we are public servants . And people put themselves at risk in your business . " ` Just a part of the tail and burnt-out metal ' Arriving firefighters found lines of blazing fuel in the street and thick , black smoke covering the area , with "  wreckage strewn across the lawn along with wreckage across the street , " said Moore , the fire department spokesman . The first responders ' prompt and "  pretty outstanding " actions , as Murray described them , helped prevent a horrific situation from becoming worse . Ten tons of sand were dumped on the street to absorb the helicopter 's fuel , with vacuum trucks later heading to clean up the site , said the mayor . The Space Needle closed due to the crash , as did the city 's monorail and parts of streets in the area . The helicopter did not appear to any have struck any nearby buildings before its fiery end . "  What we have left is basically just a part of the tail and burnt-out metal from the main chassis of the helicopter , " Moore said . Soon after the crash , investigators were interviewing witnesses , assessing the scene and gathering the wreckage in order to literally piece together what happened at an off-site location . Hogenson , from the NTSB , said that his agency would issue a preliminary report in about five days and a full report -- including the probable cause of the crash -- within a year . The president of Helicopters Inc. , Stephen Lieber , issued a statement offering his company 's condolences . "  We mourn their loss and suffering and our thoughts and prayers are with them , " he said . "  We will cooperate fully and completely with the National Transportation Safety Board and provide to it whatever information it wants in order to assist it in its work in determining what happened . "	Lead NTSB investigator says helicopter made "  unusual noise " before crash President of helicopter company offers condolences , help to NTSB Mayor knew one of the victims , calls the deaths "  very personal " The incident occurred near the 605-foot Space Needle ; one person is in critical condition
CNN  -- Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe said Friday he is already enjoying the new Harry Potter attraction at Universal 's Islands of Adventure theme park in Florida -- and he 's already ridden the thrilling dragon roller coaster five times . The star spoke to CNN on the opening of the park-within-a-park in Orlando , with Hogwarts Castle towering behind him . It 's "  pretty amazing , I have to say , " Radcliffe said of the castle . "  It does appear to be kind of 700  feet  of rock and castle . My personal favorite thing here is the Dragon Challenge . ... It 's been a while since I 've been on a roller coaster that terrifying , but I 've done it five times in the last two days , and I plan to go a couple more times today . " Another ride , called Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey , features Radcliffe and other stars from the cast and simulates parts of the movie , he said . The park is perfect for any fans who want to live parts of the fantastical world of Harry Potter , he said . Radcliffe described seeing "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " when he was 10 and trying to simulate the movie 's surreal martial arts by running off walls up and down his street . At the park , he said , "  you are just kind of immersed in the world of Hogsmeade , the village from the movies . For any kids out there who were like me when I was a kid ... you can now just come here and live the movie , pretty much , but without all the danger involved . " The attraction re-creates various locations , scenes and other elements from the wildly popular book and movie series . Harry Potter has now beaten out fellow Brit celluloid character James Bond as the top-grossing film series in history . Widespread industry speculation has it that Universal shelled out about $ 265 million for this Potter project , although officials are not confirming that number . Radcliffe , who turns 21 next month , has played the boy wizard since he was 11 years old -- about half his life . The final movie in the series finished filming last Saturday , and the opening of the park less than a week later is a nice way to punctuate his time in the role , he said . "  Suddenly , at the end of that , we get to come to an amazing park , " he said . "  And it is amazing . When I was first told it was going to be a Harry Potter theme park , I was kind of thinking , well , that can go one of two ways . I was slightly trepidacious , because when you have been with something for 10 years , you are desperate -- you do n't want anything to take that legacy . "  And I promise you that I would not be here today if I did not think this place was absolutely phenomenal , which it really , really is . " The Harry Potter books have been credited with getting children to start reading again . Radcliffe said that they have "  produced a generation of incredibly thorough , analytical , literate kids " and that the books -- written by J.K. Rowling -- will have that as a legacy for decades . Radcliffe confessed he was n't one of those young fans of the books at first . "  I was n't a big reader when I was young , " he said . "  When I got the part , there was a little bit of a deal made of the fact that the part had n't gone to an avid Harry Potter fan . " After he got the part , however , Radcliffe said he started "  dutifully " reading the books , and that 's when he "  got completely sucked in and obsessed , " like so many other fans . "  It 's given me a love of literature and books , " he said . With Harry Potter nearly behind him , Radcliffe said he plans to continue acting , but he 'll be selective about the roles he takes . "  I 'm in a very , very fortunate position where I 've got a job that I absolutely love , and I get paid incredibly well for it , " he said . "  I 'm kind of amazingly lucky . ... And I think if you are in a position where you can afford to pick and choose very carefully what other parts you take and what other films or plays you do , I think you kind of have a duty to , because I 'm in a lucky position where I do n't have to do things just for the money . So I 'm going to enjoy being selective for the next few years of my career . "	Attraction re-creates locations , scenes , other elements from book and movie series Park-within-a-park is at Universal 's Islands of Adventure in Orlando , Florida Final movie in the series finished filming Saturday With Potter nearly behind him , Radcliffe says he 'll continue acting , be selective about roles
CNN  -- A major Atlantic storm packing hurricane-force winds pummeled England , France , Belgium and the Netherlands early Monday , knocking out power to 220,000 homes in England and blocking roads and railways with fallen trees . At least nine people were killed . Wind gusts as strong as 99 mph battered the south coast of England , and authorities warned of travel disruptions across the region . At least two storm-releated deaths were confirmed in England , and a third person was reported missing . Police in Kent said a 17-year-old girl was killed Monday morning when a tree fell on the home where she was sleeping in Hever , south of London . A man in his 50s was killed when a tree fell on a vehicle Monday in Watford , northwest of London , according to Hertfordshire police . In Germany , five people were killed , four of them by fallen trees . A woman in the city of Heiligenhafen was killed when a wall supporting a terrace fell on her . A tourist was killed by a falling tree in Amsterdam , police said . And in France , the body of a woman was found on a beach near Belle-Ile . Witnesses said the woman was swept away by a wave . As the storm approached , rescuers had to suspend their search for a missing teenager believed to have been swept out to sea . The unidentified teenager disappeared from Newhaven , East Sussex , on the southern coast , according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution . Authorities were checking whether two other deaths were related to the storm . A man and a woman died -- and a third person was hospitalized -- as a result of a gas explosion at a house in Hounslow in West London , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Investigators were checking whether a tree that had fallen in the area damaged gas pipes and caused the blast . The storm also affected France , Belgium and the Netherlands . A woman was killed by a falling tree in Amsterdam , local media reported . Officials said 42,000 homes in northern France were without electricity . Overnight , the number of homes in France without power peaked at 75,000 . The strongest wind gusts in England -- 99 mph -- were recorded on the Isle of Wight , which is off the southern coast , the Met Office said . The storm cut power to people across the southern part of England . The Energy Networks Association , which represents British and Irish power operators , said that 220,000 homes were without power in the southeast , southwest and midlands of England . Energy companies said they were working to restore power as quickly as possible . Authorities warned that the heavy rain from the storm could cause flooding in some areas . Eighteen flood warnings were in place in southwest England , the government said . In the southeast , Sussex Police said they had had reports of more than 125 trees down across the county . They warned drivers to be careful , especially on smaller roads . Network Rail , which manages Britain 's rail infrastructure , said more than 100 trees were on rails in the network across the southeast . Heathrow Airport said it was reducing the number of flights Monday because of the severe weather . Weather forecasters had said before the storm arrived that it could be the region 's worst in a decade . But they said they did n't expect the conditions to be as severe as those during the "  Great Storm " of 1987 , which was responsible for the deaths of 18 people in Britain and four in France . In 1990 , the "  Burns Day Storm " left a trail of destruction from the Isles of Scilly to Denmark , killing 100 people , including 47 in the British Isles , according to the Met Office . CNN 's Joseph Netto , Dana Ford and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Nine deaths reported across Western Europe A girl and a man killed by falling trees in southern England Gusts close to 100 mph batter the southern coast of England France , Belgium and the Netherlands also have been rammed by the storm
CNN  -- When the Tunisian revolt erupted last year , Tunisia 's president fled power in weeks . When Egyptians took to the streets , longtime leader Hosni Mubarak was swiftly ousted as well . In Libya , it took about seven months for rebels to topple dictator Moammar Gadhafi . And in Yemen , sustained anti-government protests eventually led to the departure from power of President Ali Abdullah Saleh . But Bashar al-Assad , the president of embattled Syria , is a survivor . He 's remained ensconced in power despite an 11-month popular uprising , a bloody government crackdown against civilians , and world outrage at the tales and videos filtering out of Syria . Observers say he 's been able to stay in power with a combination of regime ruthlessness , diplomatic subterfuge , and internal sectarian dynamics . Rafif Jouejati , spokeswoman for the Local Coordination Committees , the Syrian opposition group , said that when al-Assad came to power in 2000 , he inherited a Soviet-style intelligence network erected by his father , Hafez Assad , who ruled from the early 1970s till his death in 2000 . That spider web of agencies has served to control popular discontent , she said . "  He has a network within a network within a network of intelligence services . " Al-Assad has continued what she calls "  the family tradition . " The repression has generated the widespread fear "  embedded in day-to-day life " among the populace . "  He did n't come up with this himself . This came from his father , " she said . "  In Syria , there are dozens of Mukhabarat-types of agencies that spy on one another , " she said , using an Arabic term for intelligence agencies . "  In families , one does n't know if one 's sibling is an informant . " Jouejati said Hafez Assad has able to strike a deal with business elites 30 years ago during popular tumult then . "  That 's been an important factor " and "  up until recently " Bashar al-Assad has had the support of the business community . She compares the current president to Germany 's Adolf Hitler and Cambodia 's Pol Pot . And she likens regimes in Haiti and North Korea , where sons inherited power from their fathers , to al-Assad 's Baathist regime . "  He 's got a whole group around him , many of whom are from the old guard and they keep the pressure going , " with "  Soviet-style tactics that other repressive regimes have used . " "  They are raising the level the violence , " she said . She said al-Assad staked out his position "  at a time when the world is sort of getting smaller and everybody is more aware of human rights and individual rights and governments are pushing people for more transparency . " He missed a "  tremendous opportunity " to work for that kind of change in his own country , she said . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said he thinks al-Assad has been more brutal than Mubarak and Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic . "  He 's been willing to use live fire extensively , " he said . "  He 's just ruthless . " And in a reference to world and regional powers , Tabler said "  very simply we have not been ruthless with him . " There has long been sectarian strife in the Middle East , particularly in Syria , where there are Sunni-Shiite as well as Muslim-Christian animosities , among others . Syria 's diverse sectarian dynamics buttress al-Assad , Tabler said . Al-Assad is part of an Alawite minority in Syria , a largely Sunni nation . That minority -- which he calls a heterodox offshoot of Shiite Islam -- prevails in the government and military . It and other Shiite offshoots , such as Druze and Ismailis , have made up the core of the regime . Christians represent another minority that has not largely been anti-regime and even some Sunnis have made their peace with the government . During the 11-month crisis , there has been a lot of international engagement with the regime . But Tabler said al-Assad has done "  a very good job of confusing diplomats . " "  That 's his M.O. , " he said . "  He consistently lies and confounds people . " But world opinion appears to be shifting , even those previously supportive of the regime . "  You can see statements by the Russians " indicating al-Assad is neither a friend nor an ally . "  Everyone is frustrated with him , " Tabler said . Still , Russia and China vetoed Saturday 's U.N. Security Council resolution that would have backed an Arab League plan for Syria 's president to step aside . Salman Shaikh , director of the Brookings Doha Center , said al-Assad has been able to maintain some popular support with his rhetoric and has not been shy about using force over the years , even against people who were encouraged to open up and air their thoughts . "  He 's convinced everyone he 's been a reformer , " he said . He is widely unpopular now in the Arab world , but many in the region have liked his stance against Israel . "  He 's presented himself as one of the sort of key leaders of the axis of resistance , " a reference to Iran , Hezbollah , Hamas and Syria . Al-Assad has modernized the government apparatus -- the omnipresent Baathist rule and its "  deep state . " He and the regime have had a "  certain strength " from different sectors of society , such as the business community . There are Sunnis who support his regime and al-Assad 's wife , Asma , comes from a Sunni background . "  All of these things have helped the regime internally , " he said . "  It 's a mistake to just call it an Alawite regime . " Aram Nerguizian , visiting fellow , Burke chair in strategy , at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said al-Assad 's support is dwindling , but he 's been able to buy time for a number of reasons . First , the uprising did n't break out in the two top wealthy urban centers -- the capital , Damascus , and the city of Aleppo . While the unrest is closing in on those communities now , the opposition has been driven in the rural periphery of the country , far from the seats of political and economic power . There was no Syrian "  Tahrir Square , " the place in Cairo where protesters gathered and that symbolized and catalyzed the Egyptian uprising . "  Assad has and still continues to benefit from the fact that a mainly rural uprising has to make its way into the urban strongholds of the regime . The uprising has had a hard time taking root in major city centers that fear a deeper destabilization of an already weakened Syrian economy , " Nerguizian said . In addition , al-Assad 's supporters are fearful of recrimination in a post-Assad era , and that gives them pause about backing the opposition , which appears to some as splintered and disorganized . "  The local opposition forces remain deeply divided and have yet to show true unity of purpose , command and control , and a socio-economic platform that the average Syrian can look to as a viable and stable alternative to the ruling Assad regime . This has become all the more challenging as the opposition has moved to arm itself in a bid to fight back against security apparatus ' brutal crackdown , " he said . "  The Syrian National Council in particular has had to work hard against perceptions that many of its members and leadership have been parachuted into their roles as an opposition force . " Communities at the margins of Syrian society , like Christians , Kurds and Ismailis may be unhappy , but prefer to stick with the devil they know -- al-Assad -- than risk the unknown of a post al-Assad era . "  Taken together , we have a broad pattern here . Most if not all of these groups are unhappy with how the Assad regime has managed Syria 's nearly year-long unrest , " he said . But "  these groups prefer that Assad remain in power rather bet on opposition forces that remain largely leaderless , divided and appear to be increasingly radicalized . " There is also a fear that change will bring instability . "  Many Syrians remain fearful of a Libya-style decay into militia warfare and lawlessness and are wary of the costs of uncertain transitions in Egypt , Yemen and Iraq . Outside of Syria , the opposition faces yet another challenge , " he said . And , he said , the international community and the opposition "  seem to have fundamentally misjudged the resilience of the Syrian military . " Divisions in the Arab League and at the United Nations have also helped al-Assad buy time , Nerguizian said . "  This division at the international level is tantamount to the kind of great power politics , balancing and bandwagoning that were the hallmark of the Cold War . This has and continues to buy valuable time and international legitimacy for the Assad regime , " he said . Still , Jouejati said she thinks time is short al-Assad -- that the man does n't have the same gravitas and proficiency of his father , who commanded the country till his death . "  Bashar does not have the skills and intelligence , " she said . "  His father was extremely brutal but intelligent . This guy 's an idiot . "	Syria 's Bashar al-Assad 's benefited from "  Soviet-style tactics , " an activist says The president has portrayed himself as a reformer but is ruthless , scholars say Ethnic rivalries figure into support for the regime A divided opposition is helping the president buy time
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- Food delivered to your gate at the touch of a screen ? It sounds too good to be true , but it 's happening at a handful or airports . About 7,000 Apple iPads are being installed at La Guardia Airport in New York , Toronto Pearson International in Ontario and Minneapolis-St . Paul International in the Twin Cities in a collaboration between airport food and beverage provider OTG Management and Delta Air Lines . In the Delta terminal at Minneapolis-St . Paul , iPads at seats in the gate areas will give airline customers up-to-the-minute flight updates , as well as free access to the Internet . Plus , fliers waiting for their flights can order food from a selection of new restaurants in the terminal and have it delivered to the gate . "  If I 'm going to spend $ 10 on a beer , I 'd rather do it on an iPad , " said Michael Card , who was traveling recently through Minneapolis-St . Paul , "  because it 's more fun , more exciting . " OTG Management has eliminated most of the chain restaurants and fast food options at the Minnesota airport in favor of restaurants with menus designed by chefs from the Twin Cities area . The same local concept is being applied at LaGuardia and Pearson airports . "  The goal behind this was to make travel better for travelers , " OTG spokesman Sean Aziz said . "  You have to get to the airport earlier now with new  security  measures , so why not be able to get to your gate , have a fresh meal , a great glass of wine , the convenience of an iPad , charging your devices ? It was really just to make the little things better . " When the project is completed late next year , Minneapolis-St . Paul airport 's Terminal G will play host to 12 unique restaurants . Each will also have an iPad at every seat . IPads in the restaurants will offer color photos of each dish and will -- at least for the ordering aspect of your meal -- replace the need for a server . Hosts still play a role , OTG says , and servers will still see that you 're taken carry of after they bring out your cooked order . OTG Chief Technology Officer Albert Lee had his own hesitations about installing the iPads . "  There was a lot of fear that this would somehow reduce the customer service experience , " Lee said , "  but I think people appreciated the ability to order and feel in control of their environment . And I think they enjoyed having access to the internet . " Traveler Kurtis Zameck was waiting recently for his flight at Minneapolis-St . Paul and used the iPad to place an order . "  The first time I saw it , it was a little odd , " Zameck said . "  But I think after you use it once or twice , it 's pretty user-friendly . " And he did n't find that the service aspect of the experience suffered . Many travelers seemed pleased with the changes . Some said they liked the ability to check stocks or to stay up to speed on their flight departure , and parents said it was nice because pre-loaded games like tic-tac-toe and checkers gave their kids something to do . But not everyone shared those sentiments . One man who was hurrying to finish his food and catch his flight called it "  impersonal . " "  I prefer the personal touch . I like dealing with people , but the service was good , " he added . Another passenger said the system was a little confusing at first . "  The first time I ordered a drink , it was a gin and tonic , and I did n't see the tonic , so I  accidentally  ordered a double gin . I had to actually go back to the bartender to get them to put tonic water in it . ... But once you get used to it , I think it 's fine . " While OTG 's iPads replace the need for servers to take the initial order back to the kitchen , Lee insists that it is n't eliminating restaurant jobs . They say they 're merely "  changing how we deal with service . " "  Instead of waiters coming to take your order and going back and entering things  in the computer  ... we now have servers more geared toward our concierge experience . " And what about the security of the devices ? Lee says the custom Web browser has been designed so that any personal data entered -- whether it be login info for Facebook or your online bank account -- is completely wiped clean with every press of the home button . "  We 've designed this to take into account that you 're still inside an airport , " Lee said . "  We want you to feel comfortable . We want you to , in a lot of ways , forget that you 're inside an airport . But you still have to board a flight , so we 'll remind you about your flight . " You can check out the changes now at Minneapolis-St . Paul and LaGuardia . Pearson 's iPads will debut in early 2013 .	iPads at airport gates and restaurants allow fliers to order food electronically At Minneapolis-St . Paul 's Delta terminal , menus will be designed by local chefs A food and beverage provider has partnered with Delta to install the technology
CNN  -- Millions of young people want to change the world . These three actually did it , and at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " they were honored for their efforts . Rachel Beckwith For her 9th birthday , Rachel Beckwith asked that people donate to charity : water instead of buying her gifts . She wanted to raise $ 300 to help provide clean water for people in need . A little more than a month after her birthday , Rachel died after she was critically injured in a car accident . But after her death , her story of selflessness inspired thousands of people to give money to her cause . In all , Rachel 's campaign raised more than $ 1.25 million . Watch Rachel 's story Rachel 's original campaign site Donate now : Rachel 's mom carries on her legacy Mikey Carraway Mikey Carraway was diagnosed with liver failure when he was 11 . His life was saved , however , when he received a liver transplant from 18-year-old Johnny Hernandez . Hernandez was killed in a motorcycle accident . To honor Hernandez 's memory -- and to raise awareness about organ donation -- Mikey feeds the homeless through his organization , Mikey 's Meals . Watch Mikey 's story Donate to Mikey 's Meals Justin Churchman Justin Churchman is helping change lives in Juarez , Mexico , one house at a time . Through Casas por Cristo , he was able to accomplish a remarkable goal : building 18 homes for people by his 18th birthday . Watch Justin 's story Donate to Casas por Cristo	Three youngsters were honored in December along with the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Rachel Beckwith raised more than $ 1.25 million for clean water in developing countries Mikey Carraway is feeding the homeless , raising awareness about organ donation Justin Churchman builds homes for Mexican people who need shelter
CNN  -- The Republican Party 's support for same-sex marriage is starting to grow . In the past 16 months , the number of GOP legislators supporting equal access to civil marriage quadrupled -- from just two to eight . And recently , Republican Rep. David Jolly of Florida , a swing-district legislator with a deep personal and religious belief in traditional marriage , made a case we will hear more -- a good society should confer the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage on same-sex couples while respecting the religious freedom of houses of worship to perform the sacrament of marriage only in the ways they see fit . "  As a matter of my Christian faith , I believe in traditional marriage . But as a matter of constitutional principle I believe in a form of limited government that protects personal liberty . To me , that means that the sanctity of one 's marriage should be defined by their faith and by their church , not by their state . "  Accordingly , I believe it is fully appropriate for a state to recognize both traditional marriage as well as same-sex marriage , and therefore I support the recent decision by a Monroe County Circuit judge . " That July 17 decision applies only to Monroe County , Florida , home to Key West . Florida 's attorney general is appealing the ruling . Jolly 's view is consistent with core Republican values of limited government , individual liberty , personal responsibility and stronger families . More conservatives are starting to understand that the sanctity of a couple 's marriage should be determined by their faith and that the legality of their marriage should be determined by law -- equally applied to all . This means that government should respect the right of churches to perform only blessings in which they believe , and it should respect the inherent right of citizens to marry the person they love , without using tax dollars to deny them that basic freedom . Amen to that . The foundation of the Republican Party respects personal freedom without unnecessary government intrusion . So why should marriage be any different ? The GOP 's stance is changing beyond the halls of Congress . Republican governors with traditional perspectives on marriage are finding principled , inclusive positions . Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey , Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania and Brian Sandoval of Nevada have not changed their personal views of marriage , but they have responsibly refused to pursue costly and certain-to-lose litigation over the issue , choosing instead to focus on bread-and-butter issues . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who has opposed same-sex marriage , said recently that his own views do n't matter and that courts will resolve the issue . New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez has allowed her state to move on as well , opting not to amend her state constitution in what would be a misguided attempt to prevent same-sex couples from experiencing the joys and challenges of marriage . Attitudes toward employment discrimination against gays are also changing . In addition to Christie and Walker 's public stands against discrimination , GOP Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan said he was open to talks on the issue and Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona has suggested that state law could be updated to ensure American workers are judged on their qualifications , hard work and merit -- and not on their sexual orientation . These principled statements are not simply a defense mechanism to win votes in upcoming elections . They reflect a heartfelt acknowledgment that every citizen should be treated fairly and equally under the law and that gay and lesbian Americans are just as American as the rest of us . Appeals court rejects Virginia same-sex marriage ban The battle within the GOP for gay rights is not yet won . There are outliers like Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who has likely done permanent damage to his presidential aspirations by suggesting being gay and or lesbian is like being an alcoholic -- you can choose not to do it . These comments are harmful to gay and lesbian people and fly in the face of what straight people innately know about the immutability of sexual orientation . Even worse , Perry 's comments repel swing voters from considering worthy Republican policy solutions for fear that the GOP cares more about pursuing a narrow social agenda that threatens the freedom of their family and friends . The tide is turning in favor of freedom across the country . And that means a more accepting and inclusive message is emerging . The GOP is ready for change , and it 's ready to welcome people with sincerely held beliefs on both sides of the marriage issue -- both in terms of party membership and in terms of primary politics . Across the country , Republican candidates are being judged on their substance and ability to advocate for economic freedom , and not because of their positions on marriage . An impressive number of Republican state legislators , 233 , have stood up for the freedom to marry , and only three have lost their seats because of that stand . That reflects a party and a country that 's ready bury the politics of LGBT freedom in the graveyard of defunct wedge issues . The bottom line is that even if your personal religious views do not align with same-sex marriage , someone else 's do . And that 's OK . We should be able to disagree , treat each other with respect and live our lives with freedom and equal opportunity under the law . Republican leaders are beginning to "  get it " and that 's good for an America that belongs to all of us .	Margaret Hoover : More GOP legislators are starting to support civil same-sex marriage GOP 's Jolly says a state can allow gay marriage , but houses of worship should have option Hoover : More conservatives think state determines legality , faith determines sanctity Hoover : Attitudes toward employment discrimination against gays are also changing
CNN  -- A report earlier this week that a pair of academics had discovered a way to figure out a person 's Social Security number based on information people commonly post online has raised new concerns about identity theft . Professor Alessandro Acquisti says Social Security numbers issued after the late 1980s are vulnerable . The Social Security Administration said the threat is minuscule . Still , the agency plans to change to a random system of assigning the numbers , replacing the current system based on the state and date where the number is assigned . Professor Alessandro Acquisti and researcher Ralph Gross of Carnegie Mellon University said they began by studying a half-million expired Social Security numbers obtained from the "  death master file " published by the Social Security Administration . "  We can use these death master file records to infer patterns " in the way numbers are assigned , said Acquisti , who then derived formulas to zero in on a range of Social Security numbers that might have been assigned to a person . Because the process depends on the date the Social Security number was assigned , it works best for people born after the late 1980s , when it became common to issue numbers to newborns . Social Security numbers are made up of three segments . The first segment of three numbers represents the state issuing the number . States with a large population , such as New York , cycle through dozens of numbers , while less populous states , such as Wyoming , use only one . The second segment is made up of two numbers that are changed periodically , while the third segments is composed of four numbers that cycle continuously from 0000 to 9999 . Knowing a person 's state and place of birth , Acquisti would use the death master file to find the numbers of people with nearby birth dates in the same state . Those would be plotted on a graph that would allow Acquisti to try to predict the target person 's number . For example , for Oregon in 1996 the first three numbers cycled from 540 to 544 , changing every 60 days or so . The middle segment started the year as 47 , but 60 days in it changed to 49 . And the last four numbers cycled around , also every 60 days or so . To avoid giving criminals too much information , Acquisti and Gross withheld some of the details of their methods . In a small state like Delaware , the report says , for 1 in 20 people the Social Security number can be determined in less than 10 tries . Mark Lassiter of the Social Security Administration said the threat is not significant . "  The public should not be alarmed by this report because there is no foolproof method for predicting a person 's Social Security number , " he said . Indeed , for 90 percent of people , Acquisti would n't hit on their full Social Security number even with 1,000 tries . "  The method by which Social Security assigns numbers has been a matter of public record for years , " said Lassiter . "  The suggestion that Mr. Acquisti has cracked a code for predicting an SSN is a dramatic exaggeration . " Still , the authors said a determined hacker could use trial and error to try dozens of educated guesses on fraudulent credit applications -- or even use a computer to automate the effort . At a minimum , they say , their findings are a wake-up call for people who have posted their date and state of birth on Web sites like MySpace or Facebook . "  This is the challenge we face in our modern technology , " Acquisti said . "  By interacting so much and exposing so much information , we also sometimes expose ourselves to risk . " Starting next year , the government plans to assign numbers randomly , which will protect anyone born after 2010 from mathematical calculations . But for everyone born in the past 20 years , Acquisti said , something besides the Social Security number should be used for bank accounts and credit cards . "  Social Security numbers are very bad passwords , " he said . "  They were not designed to be used in that way . " CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Social Security numbers fall into patterns , study says Numbers can be guessed if person has your birth date , state where you were born Government says this information has been available ; no codes have been cracked Numbers are now assigned at birth , but in future will be assigned randomly
CNN  -- We 've been netiquette'ing for more than a year and a half now , and when we ask friends/acquaintances/the gaping maw of the Internet for their burning questions and column suggestions , one anxiety pops up again and again and again . Here it is , in Mad Libs form : "  My -LSB- aunt/boss/elderly neighbor -RSB- sent me a friend request on Facebook , and I do n't want to accept because -LSB- she still thinks of me as a squeaky clean 11-year-old/I do n't want him to see pictures of me in a bathing suit/he is freaking OLD -RSB- . But I know he or she will notice if I do n't accept because -LSB- she only has 13 other friends/he said something about it at work/he is weirdly obsessed with me -RSB- . What do I dooo ? " -- Every Young Person Ever Well , EYPE , today is your lucky day . You 've got several options , and we 're going to present them all to you right here , rapid fire , so you can stop freaking asking us about it already . With that , we give you : The Ultimate Guide to the Unwanted Friend Request : Option 1 : Ignore Freud was totally on to something with that whole repression thing . Treat this friend request like all the other vaguely uncomfortable social issues hovering around your shoulders like miniature dementors  the implied ask-out from that weird girl at work ! That college student 's persistent requests for an informational interview ! The voice mails of murmured Fiona Apple lyrics you keep leaving on your ex-girlfriend 's phone when you 've been hitting the sauce !  and sweep the whole thing under the rug . Facebook even makes this the default now -- instead of totally rejecting a request , you simply hit "  Not now , " relegating it to the realm of "  hidden requests . " Hey , maybe your clueless would-be amigo will just think you never log into the ol' Book of Face . Option 2 : Accept -- with caution If you do n't feel comfortable relegating your contact to Friend Request Limbo , you can instead send him or her to the halfway house of your limited profile . Then you tell Facebook to , for example , not let certain people read the stupid things your friends post on your wall . Mark Zuckerberg , of course , made this way more difficult than it needs to be . OK , deep breath : If you do n't already have a Limited Profile list , click on "  more " next to "  Lists " in the left-hand column and then click "  Create a list . " Name it "  Limited Profile , " "  Professional contacts , " "  Creepers , " whatever . Now surf on over to "  privacy settings " under the arrow that 's always on the upper right . Now -LSB- another gasp -RSB- click on Privacy settings , "  edit settings " next to "  How you connect , " and , next to the last option  "  Who can see Wall posts by others on your profile ? "  , click "  custom " and then provide the list name under the option "  Hide from . " Now accept your frenemy 's friendship , hover your mouse over "  Friends " and select your stealth list from the drop-down menu . This just takes care of others ' wall posts -- you have to go through a whole ` nother rigmarole to block your photo albums , for example . Well , now that we 're exhausted and in need of more caffeine from writing that all out , I think we can all acknowledge that Facebook privacy settings suck and this is probably the least time-efficient solution . But hey , if your boss really will freak out if you do n't hit Accept , it may be worth the trouble . Option 3 : Reject , and speak up Sometimes , a little apologetic explanation will soothe the sting of rejection . Give the person you just turned down a legit-sounding excuse the next time you see them in person  or get them on the phone  . "  As a rule , I 'm not really Facebook friends with people I know professionally , but let me add you on LinkedIn " is a perfectly reasonable thing to say , for example . Just do the explaining in an oh-by-the-way tone  NOT in a Facebook message or e-mail -- too awkward  and the person will mirror your niceness . We hope . Option 4 : Clean up , already Cue the Mom Voice : If you 're really not happy with the sloppy disaster of a profile you 're presenting , it might be time to clean up your image . Remember , recruiters and employers have an almost uncanny ability to find pictures and updates that you thought were private .  Mind-blowing actual exchange in Facebook 's official Q&A : I set my photo album to Friends , but others are seeing , liking and commenting on my photos . The FB team responds with the digital equivalent of a dismissive wave of the hand .  And snap after snap of you passed out next to a toilet  or updates gleefully recounting your vomitacious episodes  are just , well , trashy . Rule of thumb : Do n't put anything on Facebook that you would n't want your aunt/boss/creepy neighbor seeing , even if you give them the big Reject .	One of the ways to get around accepting a Facebook friend request is ignoring it There 's a lengthy yet effective process for limiting what info friends have access to Another possible way to politely avoid someone is to reject them and give an explanation Whichever tactic you use , now might be the time to clean up your Facebook profile
Earlier this month Formula One 's governing body punished Pirelli and Mercedes for holding an unsanctioned tire test -- at the British Grand Prix it was Pirelli meting out punishment to the elite racing series . British home hope Lewis Hamilton lost the lead when the left-rear tire of his Mercedes began to unravel on the eighth lap at the demanding Silverstone circuit . It was the first of four incidents as Ferrari 's Felipe Massa , Toro Rosso 's Jean-Eric Vergne and McLaren 's Sergio Perez also had their races ruined by failures to the exact same tire . Hamilton -- and the 130,000 British fans who streamed into Silverstone to support the 2008 world champion -- were left counting the cost more than most . His problem handed Sebastian Vettel the race lead and Red Bull 's defending world champion marched ominously towards the checkered flag . But there was a final twist -- and a dash of retribution for Mercedes -- as Vettel 's Red Bull ground to a halt with 10 laps to go . "  We had a gearbox issue , " said the German , who now leads the championship by 21 points from Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso . "  Fifth gear broke and it was not possible to carry on . It was quite disappointing to stop and retire . " The Mercedes of Nico Rosberg inherited the lead from Vettel and the German , who celebrated his 28th birthday this weekend , raced to his first British GP victory and second of the season . "  When Seb stopped , I wo n't lie , I was n't disappointed , " smiled Rosberg , winner of the Monaco GP . "  I definitely feel sorry for the British fans as it would have been a great ace for Lewis . "  But there were too many tire failures today and they need to look into that . " Mark Webber , who announced he was retiring from the sport at the end of the year , recovered from a dismal start to claim a brilliant second in his last-ever F1 race on British soil . "  The start was a big negative for us and then -LSB- Romain -RSB- Grosjean touched my front wing at Turn One and the race reset from there , " Webber explained . "  I pushed very hard to do the business and in the end it was a very , very good result . It 's been a real highlight for me to race at this circuit . " Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso followed the Australian home and the Spaniard said he considered himself "  lucky " to have avoided the tire issues that hit other drivers . "  It was a lucky race for us , " said Alonso . "  We recovered some points but we need to raise our game as our pace is not good enough . " There was some world-class racing in the final laps . Hamilton fought his way back through the field to finish fourth ahead of Lotus driver Kimi Raikkonen , who is nine points ahead of the Briton in the championship . Rosberg reprimand But regardless of the driving drama , tire failures dominated the fall-out from the British race -- even Vettel 's first retirement in 12 months seemed to dip under the radar . In the immediate aftermath of the race , Pirelli responded to serious safety concerns as the drivers questioned whether they were pushing themselves and their cars to the limit in safe conditions . "  Someone could 've crashed , " said Hamilton . "  I was thinking behind the safety car that it 's only when someone gets hurt that something will be done about it . " Massa , who was running in fourth before his tire failure , added : "  What happened is unacceptable . "  It was very dangerous for all of the 22 drivers racing . In order for us to race we can not have these problems . They need to do something for our safety . " In a short media conference after the race , Pirelli motorsport director Paul Hembery explained : "  Today was n't foreseen . We 've seen a different type of problem . "  We are still doing our analysis so we have to go away and understand what 's happened and get to the core of the issue . We take these things seriously . It was one tire , the left rear . When we have the answer we 'll let you know . " Pirelli had wanted to introduce a new tire construction at the Canadian Grand Prix earlier this month but failed to get all the teams to agree to the change at a meeting in Monaco . The weakness of the tires had been masked in Montreal but the high-speed nature of the Silverstone circuit in the heart of England brutally exposed their frailties . "  Pirelli appeared to come up with a solution with a different construction and that was being offered from Montreal , " said Red Bull 's chief technical officer Adrian Newey . "  Two or three teams vetoed that because they were worried it would suit other teams more than them and because of that short-sightedness we have F1 putting on the worrying performance it did today and concerns over driver safety . " The sport 's governing body , the FIA , are coming under pressure to force through a change in tires with or without the consent of the teams . As a result , the issue is due to be on the agenda at a meeting of the Sporting Working Committee on Wednesday ahead of the German Grand Prix with Pirelli invited to attend by the FIA . Later Sunday Rosberg was subsequently handed a reprimand after the race for failing to reduce his speed under yellow flags , which are waved to warn drivers to slow down , but no further sanction was imposed .	Nico Rosberg wins British Grand Prix for first time Mark Webber fights back from poor start to take seccond Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso finished third Championship leader Sebastian Vettel retires due to gearbox problems
CNN  -- You might assume New York is the American capital of income inequality -- what with its multibillion-dollar mayor , its highly paid Wall Street execs and its persistent poverty . But if you compare every county in the United States , Manhattan has only the third-highest estimated level of income inequality . A little place in Louisiana takes the title . East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , is home to 7,500 people , some of whom make six and seven figures and 41 % of whom live below the federal poverty line . And is one U.S. capital of income inequality . The farming community , with picturesque Lake Providence at its center , is a scary window into the future -- a look at where the rest of the country is headed if we do n't change our economic policies to work for everyone , not primarily the rich . The parish , tucked into the northeastern corner of the state , is the subject of my latest Change the List project because CNN readers voted earlier this summer for me to cover income inequality in the place where it is most extreme . You chose it as the top social justice issue of our time from a list of 20 . Below , you 'll find a list of the 25 most equal and most unequal counties  including parishes and equivalents  in the United States . These numbers come from the U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey , which uses a wonky measurement called the Gini Index to measure income inequality . A rating of 0 means the place has perfect economic equality . A rating of 100 means only one person in that place makes literally all of the money and everyone else is left with $ 0 . The most equal countries in the world get ratings in the 20s and 30s . The United States , which is the most economically divided of all of the developed countries , had a Gini index of almost 48 in 2012 , putting it behind the most-equal nations such as Sweden , Norway and Denmark , of course . But America , land of the free , home of the middle class , is worse on this measure than Iran , Nigeria and Nicaragua , according to a CIA list . Some argue income inequality fosters competition and growth . There 's evidence , however , it 's doing just the opposite . "  Inequality stifles , restrains and holds back our growth , " the Nobel-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz wrote in January . "  When even the free-market-oriented magazine The Economist argues -- as it did in a special feature in October -- that the magnitude and nature of the country 's inequality represent a serious threat to America , we should know that something has gone horribly wrong . " Meanwhile , extreme economic gaps tear at the fabric of society . We 're a better country when prosperity is shared , as it was before the late 1970s . The data below is averaged over the five-year period from 2007 to 2011 , which is the latest data available that includes all counties , including the smaller places . Some counties technically overlap because of margin of error , and the Gini index numbers are estimates . You can find a similar but older ranking in a 2012 Census report . The 25 most unequal counties  the worst are first ... 1 . East Carroll Parish , Louisiana  67.07 2 . Mineral County , Colorado  62.13 3 . New York County , New York  60.07 4 . Allendale County , South Carolina  56.87 5 . Franklin County , Mississippi  56.47 6 . Morgan County , Kentucky  56.32 7 . Pitkin County , Colorado  56.08 8 . Esmeralda County , Nevada  56.01 9 . Randolph County , Georgia  55.85 10 . Sioux County , North Dakota  55.29 11 . Willacy County , Texas  55.24 12 . Edwards County , Texas  55.00 13 . Coahoma County , Mississippi  54.86 14 . Terry County , Texas  54.79 15 . Orleans Parish , Louisiana  54.47 16 . Greene County , Georgia  54.00 17 . Foster County , North Dakota  53.95 18 . Clarke County , Georgia  53.95 19 . Oktibbeha County , Mississippi  53.79 20 . Decatur County , Tennessee  53.67 21 . Westchester County , New York  53.64 22 . Conecuh County , Alabama  53.62 23 . Richmond City , Virginia  53.53 24 . Fairfield County , Connecticut  53.52 25 . Collier County , Florida  53.51 The 25 most equal counties  best are first 1 . Loving County , Texas  20.01 2 . Blaine County , Nebraska  31.65 3 . Logan County , Nebraska  31.84 4 . Morgan County , Utah  31.94 5 . Craig County , Virginia  31.95 6 . Denali Borough , Alaska  32.95 7 . McPherson County , Nebraska  33.04 8 . Bristol Bay Borough , Alaska  33.42 9 . Kendall County , Illinois  33.72 10 . Camden County , North Carolina  33.94 11 . Storey County , Nevada  34.00 12 . Jasper County , Indiana  34.26 13 . Jackson County , Colorado  34.37 14 . Wabaunsee County , Kansas  34.42 15 . City of Manassas Park , Virginia  34.47 16 . Clark County , Idaho  34.53 17 . Kearny County , Kansas  34.55 18 . King William County , Virginia  34.57 19 . Cedar County , Iowa  34.66 20 . Reagan County , Texas  34.78 21 . Pierce County , Nebraska  34.86 22 . Greenlee County , Arizona  34.92 23 . Emery County , Utah  34.95 24 . Paulding County , Georgia  35.02 25 . Wichita County , Kansas  35.09 Let me know what you think of the ranking in the comments below . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , is the U.S. capital of income inequality The parish has a wider rich-poor gap than any other county or parish Overall , income inequality in the U.S. is worse than Iran , Nigeria and Nicaragua East Carroll Parish tops all of them , with higher inequality than any nation on Earth
With more planes searching than ever before , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Sunday expressed optimism the mystery of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will be solved . "  We have now had a number of very credible leads , and there is increasing hope -- no more than hope , no more than hope -- that we might be on the road to discovering what did happen to this ill-fated aircraft , " Abbott said . He spoke at a press conference about objects that have been spotted by satellites about 2,400 kilometers  1,500 miles  off Perth . In one of the great aviation mysteries in history , the airliner carrying 239 people disappeared March 8 after it took off from Kuala Lumpur on a flight to Beijing , CHina . Malaysian investigators believe it was deliberately diverted by someone on board . "  Obviously , the more aircraft we have , the more ships we have , the more confident we are of recovering whatever material is down there , " Abbott said . "  And obviously before we can be too specific about what it might be , we do actually need to recover some of this material . " The international search for the missing aircraft resumed early Sunday near Perth , with a U.S. Navy P-8 Poseidon rejoining the effort , according to a naval spokesman . Eight planes will search over the Indian Ocean on Sunday , compared to six planes on Saturday , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , spokeswoman for the Australian Maritime Safety Authority . She said that would be the most planes yet . Planes from the United States , New Zealand , Australia and China will be flying . Three planes , two civilian aircraft and the P-8 , were airborne by 7 a.m. Perth time  7 p.m. ET  . New Chinese satellite images "  will be taken into consideration " in the search , Hayward-Maher said . The P-8 Posideon , grounded for two days to give its crew rest , will likely refocus on an area highlighted in Chinese satellite images of a large object floating in the area . Australian-led search teams in the southern Indian Ocean found no sign of it Saturday . The intense air and sea search -- which will now employ NASA satellites -- entered its third week with no new clues to give families answers about the fate of the passengers and crew . The object the Chinese photographed is 22.5 meters long and 13 meters wide  74 feet by 43 feet  , officials said . China said the satellite images showing the "  suspected floating object " were captured on March 18 . As a result of the recently reported satellite sighting approximately 1,500 miles off the coast of Perth , plans are underway to acquire imagery within the next few days , NASA said Saturday . The space agency said it will check archives of satellite data and use space-based assets such as the Earth-Observing-1  EO-1  satellite and the ISERV camera on the International Space Station to acquire images of possible crash sites . The resolution of these images could be used to identify objects of about 98 feet  30 meters  or larger . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority said searchers will take the Chinese information into consideration as they design their search for Sunday . The floating object was about 77 miles from where earlier satellite images spotted floating debris . At least six search flights were involved Saturday , including two private jets . Though the two civilian jets did not have radar , their role was crucial , authorities said . "  It is more likely that a pair of eyes are going to identify something floating in the ocean , " Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said . Indeed , during Saturday 's search it was a civil aircraft that reported sighting some small objects floating with the naked eye , including a wooden pallet , AMSA said . These objects were within a radius of 5 kilometers  3 miles  . A Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3 Orion was dispatched to the area , but only reported seeing clumps of seaweed , AMSA said . On Saturday , the Norwegian merchant ship Hoegh St. Petersburg was released from taking part in the search , according to AMSA . Australian officials thanked the ship 's crew for its "  valuable assistance and efforts , " AMSA said via Twitter . Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished on March 8 with 239 people aboard destined for Beijing from Kuala Lumpur . The stated goal of the Malaysian authorities is to narrow the search area , a task that is proving difficult . Intensified , expanded search The search area expanded sizably on Saturday compared to the previous day , thanks in part to the capabilities of the civil jets . "  Operations continue , and today they plan to search an area of approximately 10,500 square nautical miles , " Hishammuddin said Saturday . In addition to two Chinese planes that arrived in Australia , Beijing is sending two more ships to join five already in the southern corridor . "  Two Indian aircraft , a P-8 Poseidon and a C-130 Hercules , arrived in Malaysia last night to assist with the search , " he said . Seven countries -- China , India , Pakistan , Myanmar , Laos , Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan -- informed investigators that based on preliminary information , their nations had no radar sightings of missing jetliner . Clues , but no proof An exhaustive search covering 2.97 million square miles -- nearly the size of the continental United States -- has yielded some clues , but no proof of where the Boeing 777 is or what happened to it . One of the most notable leads revolved around two large objects detected by satellite a week ago floating on waters over 1,400 miles off Australia 's west coast . "  The fact that it 's six days ago that this imagery was captured does mean that clearly what objects were there , are likely to have moved a significant different distance as a result of currents and winds , " Truss said . "  It 's also possible that they 've just drifted to the bottom of the ocean bed , and the ocean in this area is between 3 and 5 kilometers deep . So it 's a very , very deep part of the ocean , very remote . And all that makes it particularly difficult . " Debris is a common sight in the waters in that part of the ocean , he said , and includes containers that fall off ships . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Friday defended the decision to announce the find , saying Australia owes it to families of those missing "  to give them information as soon as it 's to hand . " But he did n't make any promises . "  It could just be a container that has fallen off a ship , " Abbott said during a visit to Papua New Guinea . "  We just do n't know . " Malaysia 's interim transportation minister tried to reset expectations for a quick resolution to the mystery after the satellite discovery . "  This is going to be a long haul , " Hishammuddin Hussein said . Search intensifies U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered the Navy and policy experts to look at the availability and usefulness of U.S. military undersea technology to try to find the plane 's wreckage and its data recorders , a U.S. military official said . The United States has spent $ 2.5 million so far on the entire effort , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steven Warren said Friday . First lady Michelle Obama , while on a trip to Beijing , said the United States is keeping the families of the missing passengers in its thoughts . "  As my husband has said ,  the  United States  is  offering as many resources as possible to assist in the search , " she said . Global search Countries from central Asia to Australia are also engaged in the search along an arc drawn by authorities based on satellite pings received from the plane hours after it vanished . One arc tracks the southern Indian Ocean zone that 's the focus of current attention . "  We intend to continue the search until we are absolutely satisfied that further searching would be futile , and that day is not in sight , " the deputy prime minister said . "  We will continue the effort , we 'll continue to liaise with our international allies in this search . " The other tracks over parts of Cambodia , Laos , China and into Kazakhstan . Malaysian authorities were awaiting permission from Kazakhstan 's government to use the country as a staging area for the northern corridor search , Hishammuddin said . Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya told reporters Saturday that a transcript obtained by The Telegraph newspaper is "  inaccurate , " but did not provide additional details . The Telegraph reported Friday it had a transcript documenting 54 minutes of back-and-forth between the cockpit and ground control from taxiing in Kuala Lumpur to the final message of "  All right , good night . " Unexplained element The alleged transcript reported by The Telegraph contains seemingly routine conversations about which runway to use and what altitude to fly at . One unexplained element , according to the British newspaper , is a call , in which someone in the cockpit stated that the aircraft was at a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet -- something that had been done just six minutes earlier . Twelve minutes after that comes the "  good night " message , at around the time Flight 370 was being transferred to Vietnam 's control . Another wrinkle : Malaysia Airlines chief executive officer Ahmad Jauhari Yahya said the plane was carrying a cargo of lithium-ion batteries , although he did n't specify the volume of the shipment . Lithium-ion batteries are commonly used in laptops and cell phones , and have been known to explode , although that occurs rarely . They were implicated in the fatal crash of a UPS cargo plane in Dubai in 2010 , and lithium-ion batteries used to power components on Boeing 787s were blamed for fires in those planes . There 's no evidence the batteries played a role in the plane 's disappearance , and Ahmad said they are routine cargo aboard aircraft . "  They are not declared dangerous goods " he said , adding that they were "  some small batteries , not big batteries . " Malaysian authorities say they believe the missing plane was deliberately flown off course on its scheduled flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing .	Unprecedented international search resumes U.S. Navy P-8 Poseidon part of effort Australian prime minister has "  increasing hope " about learning what occurred Searchers on Saturday did not find floating object
CNN  -- Rather than getting treated like royalty , an African king got a rude introduction to Norway when thieves made off with his luggage -- with his precious , valuable jewelry tucked inside . The whereabouts of King Otumfuo Osei Tutu II 's valuables inside the bag swiped Wednesday from the lobby of the Radisson Blu Plaza Hotel in Oslo remain unknown . Police used surveillance video to identify a man and woman suspected in the theft and are asking for citizens ' help in identifying them , acting Oslo Assistant Chief of Police Hege Naustad told CNN on Saturday . While Ghana is a constitutional democracy led by a president since the mid-20th century , it has a rich history beyond that -- including groups that date back centuries , including the Asantes , who are centered inland in the West African nation . The current leader of the traditional Asante kingdom , the 62-year-old King Osei Tutu , remains a prominent figure in Ghana . Based at the Manhyia Palace in Kumasi , he frequently weighs in on issues -- from expressing condolences over the death this summer of Ghanaian President John Evans Atta Mills to promoting development and unity among Asanteman chiefs . As recently as Friday , he asked all politicians "  to refrain from personal attacks and insinuations " ahead of December elections , according to his website . The king had gone to Oslo to promote his people by taking part in a conference run by the Norwegian African Business Association , according to Naustad . The British-educated monarch landed at the airport in the Scandinavian city Wednesday , and subsequently made his way to the hotel in the city center . It was there in the hotel lobby that one of the king 's bags was stolen , the assistant police chief said . The royal jewelry inside the stolen luggage is "  of great value , " he added . The theft was immediately reported to authorities , with the hotel 's surveillance tape soon becoming a key piece of evidence . The video shows a backpack-toting male suspect entering through a revolving door wearing a cap , sunglasses and light pants . The other person pictured is a woman in a head scarf and glasses , wearing light pants , a dark jacket and a dark shirt underneath .	King Otumfuo Osei Tutu II , head of the Asante people , goes to Norway to attend a conference One of his bags is stolen from the lobby of a Radisson hotel in Oslo , according to police The luggage contains royal jewelry "  of great value , " police say Authorities release video hoping the public can identify two suspects in the theft
CNN  -- Jacobo Arbenz was overthrown as president of Guatemala in a CIA-backed coup in 1954 , a seminal event that historians say set the Central American country on a path of dictatorships and civil war that would last for decades . Even though he was democratically elected and popular at the time , after Arbenz was deposed , his reputation was ruined and he was written out of Guatemala 's history books . He died in exile in 1971 . This week , 57 years later , current President Alvaro Colom made a public apology to the Arbenz family , a large gesture in Guatemala . There is also a larger rehabilitation of the image of Arbenz under way . Textbooks are being rewritten and a new biography will soon be published . But this clearing of Arbenz 's reputation does not console everyone . Some ask : When will the United States , which was behind the coup , apologize for its meddling ? "  As president of the republic , as commander in chief of the army , I want to apologize to the Arbenz family for that great crime committed on the 27th of June of 1954 , " Colom said Thursday . "  Guatemala changed that day , and we have n't yet recovered . " The apology "  does n't have a lot of resonance in the United States -- though it should , " said Stephen Schlesinger , an Adjunct Fellow at the Century Foundation and co-author of a book on the 1954 coup . The United States , after all , was the power behind the event . In a nutshell , there were two main arguments about what led the United States to see Arbenz as a threat , one economic and one political . At the time , the largest landowner in Guatemala was an American firm , the United Fruit Company . Arbenz , in an effort to reduce income inequality in the country , instituted a land reform program that would have taken unused United Fruit Company land and turned it over to farmers . "  We 're talking huge amounts of land , " Schlesinger said , enough to grow the middle class . Another author of a book on the subject , Johns Hopkins professor Piero Gleijeses , said that 100,000 families -- representing about half a million Guatemalans -- benefited from the reform . Arbenz 's goal was to double that number by the end of his term , he said . But United Fruit Company went to President Dwight D. Eisenhower and labeled Arbenz as a communist and a threat to democracy . This political argument gained traction , and the CIA became involved . According to Schlesinger , the CIA found a group of disgruntled Guatemalan right-wingers opposed to Arbenz who set up an elaborate ploy to oust him . The CIA helped set up secret radio broadcasts along the perimeter of Guatemala . They used fake broadcasts to warn of an impending massive revolt , and backed it up with planes that dropped bombs  many of them fake  in Guatemala , Schlesinger said . The fake broadcasts and bombings "  put such fear in the small country " that it just collapsed , he said . The Guatemalan army went along with it because the United States convinced commanders there would be an invasion otherwise , Gleijeses said . They were "  terrorized into betraying " Arbenz , he said . Given the deep U.S. involvement , Gleijeses said this of Colom 's apology to the Arbenz family : "  It 's not very clear what he 's apologizing for . " "  What he should do , if he has the guts , is to ask the United States to apologize for their crime , " he said . The son of the ousted president , Jacobo Arbenz Jr. , said such an effort was already under way . Signatures are being collected for a petition to the U.S. government to apologize for its role , he said . The State Department said that its embassy in Guatemala was preparing a statement regarding Arbenz , but as of Saturday it had not been released . For the younger Arbenz , the apology from the Guatemalan government is a great first step . "  We are happy with this , " he said . "  Justice has been done . " The Arbenz family had gone before the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights in 1999 to demand the apology from the government . Earlier this year , the commission negotiated a number of actions that the government promised to undertake . In addition to the public apology , the government is making economic reparations to the family and is naming a highway after Arbenz . School curricula are also being revamped to give Arbenz a more prominent role in Guatemala 's history . Even some Guatemalans CNN spoke with brushed off the significance of the apology , saying the coup was so long ago that it is irrelevant . But according to Schlesinger , the ramifications of the coup were far-reaching . Instead of 30 years of bloody civil war , Guatemala might have remained a democracy and influenced neighboring countries to do the same , sparing thousands of lives . Gleijeses says that his sources confirm that Arbenz in actuality was a communist , but had no aspirations to form a dictatorship . His only goal was to address the nation 's serious inequality , something that the land reform could have accomplished , he said . But with a strong military , whether there would have been democracy even without the coup is an open question , he said . Colom 's apology seems , at the very least , able to reignite the debate over Arbenz 's legacy and the problems that Guatemala faces , many which have been consistent since 1954 . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Claudia Palacios contributed to this report .	Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom apologized to the family of Jacobo Arbenz Arbenz was ousted in a coup in 1954 Some wonder whether the U.S. , which backed the coup , will also apologize
Michelle Langbehn , 30 , has endured nine months of chemotherapy , two cycles of radiation , a spinal fusion and several tumor removal surgeries . But the cancer that 's attacking her body continues to spread , and her future treatment options are limited . There was hope for the Auburn , California , mom -- a clinical trial that 's testing a new drug called Cabozantinib that 's been approved to fight other cancers . Researchers at the National Institutes of Health had gathered Langbehn 's medical records ; they were set to evaluate her status on Monday to make an official enrollment decision , she says . Then the government shut down . Every week , hundreds of patients like Langbehn are admitted to new clinical trials at the National Institutes of Health . But as of Tuesday , these patients are being put on hold until the government resumes operation . "  Due to the lapse in government funding ... transactions submitted via the web site may not be processed , and the agency may not be able to respond to inquiries until appropriations are enacted , " a message on the top of the NIH website states . Every week , about 200 new patients come to the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland . Patients are now being told they will have to wait until the government starts up again to begin their trials , according to NIH spokesman John Burklow . "  In fact , six new studies would have started this week that we are deferring , " Burklow said . Approximately 30 of the 200 new patients are children , he said , and about 10 of those children are cancer patients . "  I am furious , " Langbehn said . "  They are denying or delaying potentially life-saving treatments to Americans in need of a miracle . I speak for everyone battling cancer when I saw we do n't have time to wait . " Langbehn 's oncologist gave her two years to live . That was last July . "  I do not plan on letting this take me away from my family , " she says . Burklow did note that participants who are already in studies are still being treated and will continue with their trials . Burklow also said patients in desperate need of treatment will be handled differently and will more than likely be seen by physicians or nurses at the NIH Clinical Center . About 75 % of NIH 's employees -- or about 14,700 people -- have been furloughed . Researchers at other institutions who have received NIH grants are not affected by the government shutdown . But the agency is not accepting any new grant applications .	About 200 patients who start NIH clinical trials weekly must wait until shutdown ends Of those , about 30 patients are children , and about 10 of them are cancer patients About three-fourths of NIH 's employees -- 14,700 people -- have been furloughed
CNN  -- Al Qaeda warnings against the United States emerged Friday as the materials taken from Osama bin Laden 's compound continued to yield a trove of intelligence , including details about a possible attack on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . Al Qaeda , the bin Laden terrorist network that carried out the deadly attack in 2001 , confirmed its leader 's death on Friday in a Web statement and used that opportunity to taunt and threaten the United States . "  Sheikh Osama did n't build an organization that will vanish with his death or fades away with his departure , " according to the statement , which CNN could not independently authenticate . The statement , which congratulates the "  Islamic Nation on the martyrdom of their devoted son Osama , " repeated themes and threats made over the years in prior al Qaeda statements . "  The blood of the mujahid sheikh , Osama bin Laden , may God have mercy on him , is very dear to us and more precious to us and to every Muslim from being shed in vain , " the statement said . A mujahid is defined as a Muslim engaged in what he considers to be jihad . "  This blood will be a curse that will chase the Americans and their agents , a curse that will pursue them inside and outside their country , and soon -- with God 's help -- we pray that their happiness turns into sorrow and may their blood mix with their tears and let Sheikh Osama 's resonate again . " In its pronouncements , al Qaeda frequently cites the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians , and it did so again , saying Friday that America "  will neither enjoy nor live in security until our people in Palestine live it and enjoy it . " "  The soldiers of Islam in groups and as individuals will continue to plan and plot without any fatigue , boredom , despair , surrender or indifference until you receive from them a cunning misfortune that will gray the hair of the child even before he gets old , " the statement said . Pakistanis were urged to "  rise up " and cleanse the "  disgrace that was brought upon them by a handful of traitors and thieves " and "  their country from the filth of the Americans who have wreaked havoc in the land . " The statement surfaced as protesters packed the streets of Abbottabad -- where bin Laden was shot and killed -- in a rally organized by Jamaat-e-Islami , Pakistan 's largest Islamist party . The demonstrators denounced the U.S. and Pakistani governments . Also , the statement expressed disdain for the United States , both its efforts and its motives , saying that the Americans managed to kill bin Laden "  by disgrace and betrayal . " Bin Laden was killed in a U.S. Navy SEAL raid on his compound early Monday in Abbottabad , a military garrison town north of the capital of Islamabad . "  Men and heroes only should be confronted in the battlefields but at the end , that 's God 's fate . Still we ask , will the Americans be able -- through their media outlets , their agents , their instruments , soldiers , intelligence services and their might -- be able to kill what Sheikh Osama lived for and was killed for ? How far ! How impossible ! " Bin Laden was buried at sea in what U.S. officials have described as a proper Islamic burial . But the statement said if Americans treat the bodies of bin Laden or his family members improperly , either dead or alive , or do not hand over the bodies to families , there will be retribution . "  Any offense will open unto your doors of multitudes of evil for which you will only have yourselves to blame . " According to the statement , bin Laden recorded an audio message a week prior to his death regarding the revolutions sweeping the Muslim world and offering advice and guidance . Al Qaeda indicated that the release of this message is forthcoming . Meanwhile , investigators poring over material seized in the Monday raid found details about a possible attack on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 , and the intelligence led Thursday to a nationwide alert regarding rail security . As early as February 2010 , al Qaeda members discussed a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and valleys , the alert said , according to one law enforcement official . The plan was to be executed later this year , coinciding with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks , though no specific rail system was identified , the official said . The Department of Homeland Security confirmed a notice was sent to federal , state , local and tribal authorities . "  We have no information of any imminent terrorist threat to the U.S. rail sector , but wanted to make sure our partners are aware of the alleged plotting . It is unclear if any further planning has been conducted since February of last year , " spokesman Matt Chandler said . Rail agencies across the United States heightened security . The Chicago Transit Authority reissued security bulletins , "  reminding employees of what activities to look for and what steps to take should they encounter any suspicious or criminal activity during the course of their duties , " said Wanda Taylor , a CTA spokeswoman . Amtrak employees also were on a heightened "  state of vigilance , " spokesman Marc Magliari said . At Fort Campbell , Kentucky , President Obama thanked the troops for their efforts and vowed to achieve more . "  We are going to ultimately defeat al Qaeda , " he said to applause . "  We have cut off their head and we will ultimately defeat them . " He said the U.S. strategy is working , "  and there is no greater evidence of that than justice finally being delivered to Osama bin Laden . " A U.S. official said that "  valuable information has been gleaned already " from the information gathered at bin Laden 's compound , though no specific plots or terrorist suspects were identified . But the material suggests that al Qaeda was particularly interested in striking Washington , New York , Los Angeles and Chicago , according to the law enforcement official who spoke on condition of anonymity . U.S. authorities have found that al Qaeda appeared especially interested in striking on significant dates like July 4 , Christmas and the opening day of the United Nations . The material seized from the compound included audio and video equipment , suggesting bin Laden may have taped messages there , a U.S. official said . Ten hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices , such as disks and thumb drives , were also found , a senior U.S. official told CNN . The Washington Post reported on Thursday that the CIA had a safe house in Abbottabad "  for a small team of spies " who performed surveillance on the compound . Citing U.S. officials , the effort "  relied on Pakistani informants and other sources to help assemble a ` pattern of life ' portrait of the occupants and daily activities at the fortified compound where bin Laden was found . " It was "  mobilized after the discovery of the suspicious complex last August that involved virtually every category of collection in the U.S. arsenal , ranging from satellite imagery to eavesdropping efforts aimed at recording voices inside the compound , " the Post reported . Dozens of people in Abbottabad have been arrested because of their suspected connections to the compound where Osama bin Laden was shot and killed , a Pakistani intelligence official said Friday . Investigators want to know whether any of the people are al Qaeda members or sympathizers . The United States and Pakistan have been allies for years in the anti-terrorism effort , but U.S. concerns that Pakistanis have n't been robust enough in the fight against Islamic militants and suspected U.S. drone attacks that killed innocent civilians have heightened tensions . Another suspected drone strike killed 12 suspected militants on Friday in the Pakistani tribal region . Questions remain over why and how Pakistani intelligence officials could not have known bin Laden was hiding out in the city , which is home to a military academy and has a strong military presence . Pakistani armed forces chiefs issued a statement Thursday admitting "  shortcomings in developing intelligence " on the terrorist leader 's presence in the country . The army chief of staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , "  made it very clear that any similar action , violating the sovereignty of Pakistan , will warrant a review on the level of military/intelligence cooperation with the United States , " the statement said . Since the raid , Pakistan has ordered U.S. military personnel on its territory drawn down to the "  minimum essential " level , the statement said .	NEW : "  We are going to ultimately defeat al Qaeda , " Obama says Dozens of people are arrested in Abbottabad , a Pakistani intelligence official says Al Qaeda says bin Laden 's death will curse the United States The group says it is n't going away and will continue to plot
Washington  CNN  -- House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy tied his party 's 2016 White House prospects to the election just one week away -- and how Republicans govern over the next two years . Speaking at a fundraiser in Long Island this weekend , the No. 2 House Republican told donors that Republicans need to win back the Senate this year and govern effectively in Congress beginning in January to have a chance at seating a Republican in the Oval Office . "  If we do n't capture the House stronger , and the Senate , and prove we could govern , there wo n't be a Republican president in 2016 , " McCarthy said , according to a Politico profile published Sunday . McCarthy has privately estimated that the GOP has a 75 percent chance of retaking the Senate , according to the same report . But it will be "  tough " if those Senate odds do n't prevail , McCarthy said . "  If it stays Democratic , it 's going to be a frustrating time , " he added . One of the challenges Republicans are sure to face if they take a majority in both houses of Congress is immigration reform . McCarthy left the door open to broad immigration reform legislation , but called President Barack Obama 's plans to reform the immigration system by executive order "  the worst way . " Obama has pledged to use executive orders to reform the immigration system after the midterm elections . But if that happens , McCarthy said it would "  stop everything , " Politico reported . McCarthy ascended to his post as House Majority Leader in August after his predecessor Eric Cantor lost his Republican primary in a surprise defeat that sent shockwaves throughout the Beltway . McCarthy also knocked Obama for having a tough time "  coming to an agreement , " but offered his praise for Vice President Joe Biden . Biden can "  do more in 36 hours than -LSB- Obama -RSB- did in three months , " McCarthy said .	McCarthy said GOP needs to capture Congress and govern effectively for a shot at 2016 Obama executive action on immigration reform would kill chances at immigration overhaul On Biden ? McCarthy says the VP is more effective in 36 hours than Obama is in three months
CNN  -- A suspect is in custody in a case involving the beating of a gay man during Detroit 's Motor City Pride festival that was caught on cell phone video , according to Detroit police . The suspect is a juvenile . Police say they are are still looking for help to identify the other men shown in the video beating Christin Howard , a 20-year-old hairdresser , on June 8 . Howard told CNN affiliate WXYZ he was taking a picture with a friend when things suddenly turned violent . A group of men began to "  gay bash " him , he said , hurling anti-gay slurs his way . Then they started to physically attack him . "  I just thought I was going to die . At one point I thought they were going to kill me , " Howard said . The attack left Howard bruised , with a bloody eye , cuts and a broken finger , leaving him unable to sleep or work . David Wait , chairman of Motor City Pride , called the incident troubling , adding that he 'd noticed "  record attendance on Sunday and we took steps to increase security . " Wait praised police for their "  swift efforts " at investigating the crime . CNN 's Melodi Smith contributed to this story .	Detroit police arrest a juvenile suspected of beating a gay man The beating was caught on cell phone and involved more suspects It happened during Detroit 's gay pride festivities June 8 The victim suffered bruises , cuts and a broken finger
CNN  -- Some people think the only cure for the doldrums of winter is sunshine . Far from it . Why not up the ante ? Do n't suffer snow and ice at home when you can really do winter vacations and ice holidays in style . From snow villages to pyrotechnic-laced skiing theater to ice hotels built from blocks of the cold stuff , we 've created a roundup of the best frozen getaways around the world . With vacation ideas in the Southern and Northern Hemispheres , the snowbirder in you can express its inner penguin almost any time of year . The Harbin Ice Festival , China Imagine a spectacular amusement park where all the buildings are made of ice . That 's the Harbin Ice Festival in China , one of the world 's largest winter festivals . Known for its bitter cold , Harbin was once a small fishing town on the banks of the river Songhua that has grown into one of the largest cities in Northeast China . The Manchurian city has a diverse history , mixing Russian and Korean influences . The festival begins in December and runs through the end of February . "  It was as weird and wonderful as it sounds . Big replicas of famous buildings from around the world . Working restaurants and hotels and shops made of ice , " said Tim Harper , a professor at CUNY and editor of the CUNY Journalism Press , who visited the Harbin Ice Festival in 2005 . . "  All sorts of ice art and games . And thousands of people wandering in couples or small groups , nearly all smiling and eating frozen fruit on a stick . " Icehotel , Sweden Now in its 23rd incarnation , Sweden 's Icehotel is the longest running hotel of its kind in the world , with 50 rooms . There is even a chapel so couples can plan an icy wedding and stay overnight with their guests . About 140 weddings and 20 christenings take place there , according to spokeswoman Beatrice Karlsson . Located 200 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle near the Torne River , the hotel in Jukkasjärvi is the largest in the world made entirely out of natural ice and snow from the Torne River , Karlsson said . "  Also , it is one of the best places in the world to discover the Northern Lights , with offerings like Northern Lights flights and nightly bus excursions ensuring the best possible chances of catching the phenomena during a stay with us . " Rooms are a chic mix of glassy ice furniture , fur throws and ornate ice chandeliers . Even with frozen water as its building blocks , the indoor temperature remains roughly 5 to 7 degrees Celsius , or in the low 40s Fahrenheit . The Icehotel this season opened on December 7 and will close approximately mid-April . The Hannibal Festival , Sölden , Austria Elephants on ice ? Sounds crazy , but this festival is based on the ancient invasion of Roman Italy by Carthaginian military leader Hannibal , who marched three-dozen African elephants and some 60,000 soldiers across the Alps about 200 years B.C. Animal lovers have no need to despair , the elephants are represented by snow grooming machines , and acrobatic skiers perform as warriors . This year 's glacier theater will be held on April 12 and is expected to attract about 7,000 viewers . "  The Hannibal spectacle is unique in the Alps , " with more than 500 artists performing on a huge natural stage , said Sarah Ennemoser of the Ötztal Valley tourism office . "  Crazy things are going to happen , from base jumpers , helicopters , artificial avalanches , fireworks , snowcats , monumental music . " The spectacle is held at night , at an altitude of 3,000 meters . If you ca n't get to the festival , this region of Austria , the Ötztal Valley of Tyrol , near Innsbruck , has some of Europe 's best skiing . Ski by day and dance by night , too , with the Electric Mountain Festival international DJ event , going on through March . Tierra del Fuego Many travelers think of South America as sultry , with images of Rio de Janeiro 's carnival and the Amazon burned into the mind . The deepest south in South America is anything but , however . A wild , unspoiled region of ice-covered mountains , glaciers and the frozen tundra of endless Patagonia , which stretches between Chile and Argentina . One of the most comfortable ways to see this region is through Cruceros Australis , a cruise company operating in Southern Chile 's Tierra del Fuego and around Cape Horn and the Straight of Magellan , an area Charles Darwin passed through on his famous Beagle voyage . Passengers explore the scenery and the amazing wildlife , from penguins to sea lions to whales , on at least two mini-expeditions a day in zodiacs , returning to the comfort of the ship to socialize over a glass of Chilean wine or scotch served over 40,000-year-old glacier ice . Ships sail during South America 's warm season , running roughly from the end of September through the end of March . If you ca n't get to Chile during the warm season , head there during South America 's winter to ski at Portillo in the Chilean Andes , about two hours from Santiago . Polar bear watching , Churchill , Hudson Bay , Manitoba Who does n't love polar bears ? Truth is , global warming means within the next few decades the world 's polar bear population is expected to rapidly plummet . With an environmentally mindful operator , you can see polar bears live in Churchill , on the Hudson Bay in Manitoba Province , Canada . "  I think people are very aware of the fact that it is a shrinking population , " and this is driving increasing numbers of tourists to pay visits to the region , said Katherine Foxcraft , the product manager for Fresh Tracks Canada , a travel company that works with Churchill 's polar bear specialists . The best polar bear viewing is generally in October and November , as Hudson Bay begins to freeze and bears take to the ice for hunting . Some outfitters have vehicles with protected viewing platforms to allow photographers to safely take close shots of bears who might even try to climb aboard . Other companies have remote lodges in the middle of bear territory . "  The bears come all the way up to the fence , " of the lodges , said Foxcraft . Bears can be as curious about visitors as visitors are about them and do wander into Churchill itself , a potential danger . An interesting quirk of the town is that most cars are unlocked , allowing an easy escape from approaching polar bears . They might look cute , but they 're still bears . Winter festivities in Quebec The Great White North becomes a French-kissed winter wonderland in Quebec Province , Canada . Carnaval de Quebec is one of the oldest of the world 's winter festivals , with its 2013 edition , the 59th , running from February 1 to 17 . There 's everything from dance events to ice sculpture contests . If that 's not enough winter for you , head to Montreal 's winter festival , expected to attract more than 900,000 people this year . Called Montreal en Lumiere , or Montreal in Lights , it will run this year from February 21 to March 3 . Activities range from cuisine to music and other forms of entertainment . Montreal is also paying homage to a nearby U.S. cultural capital this year with a "  New York on Ice " Snow Village . Stay overnight in all that icy goodness in the village 's 25-room ice hotel , which has meeting rooms for events and boasts the 100-seat Pommery Ice Restaurant . Alaskan ice fishing The thrill of Alaska 's wild frontier combined with the pleasure of fishing is what Fishtale River Guides offers outdoor enthusiasts , The outfitter , run by Andy Couch , takes visitors fishing throughout the year . Most of their ice fishing takes place in Mat-Su Valley about 40 miles north of Anchorage . "  Our ice fishing season is only constrained by ice conditions . We can usually safely fish starting in late November around Thanksgiving Day , " Couch said . This year ice fishing trips started much earlier in November , but a very warm season may mean waiting to ice fish until late in December , he said . The season usually lasts into late March or early April . The thrill of fishing here has both to do with the size and quantity of the catch . "  The largest landlocked salmon we caught on an ice fishing trip was likely about 16 inches . In the summertime , the largest king salmon taken by my guests have weighed in at 56 pounds . " Most of the tour participants are locals from Anchorage , making it a great way to get to know Alaska . Beyond fishing , there is nearby skiing , dog sledding and snowmobile tours , as well as airplane flights to see the wilderness . Antarctica If you really want ice , there 's no place like Antarctica , the frozen continent . It 's perhaps the most otherworldly experience a traveler can have while still on Earth . Oceanwide Expeditions , a Dutch company with an office in Houston , has trips that pass from Ushuaia in Argentina 's most southern Patagonia . Their Atlantic Odyssey cruise is the ultimate in ice vacations , lasting nearly 40 days , with visits to the Antarctic peninsula , the South Shetland Islands , South Georgia and the South Orkney Islands . The trip also includes visits to slightly warmer and equally exotic islands such as Tristan da Cunha , St. Helena , Ascension Island and Cape Verde . Antarctica is rich in wildlife , from whales to sea lions to Emperor penguins and many other species of birds . Zodiac boats allow for passengers to get close to the animals , with expert guides explaining the wildlife . Trips alight on various islands and also the Antarctic Peninsula to visit research stations run by different countries , giving a sense of the island 's recent human history and the fragility of our hold on this most remote part of the world , beautiful and full of thrilling danger all at once . Expeditions run during the Southern Hemisphere summer , from approximately November to April . The experience can be life changing , said sales manager Florian Piper . "  Our passengers experience and learn about the fragile nature of the polar regions . They become ambassadors for life . "	Sunshine is n't the only cure for winter blues Up the ante with serious ice and snow at these cool spots Check out an extravagant ice festival in China or Canada Or get back to nature with an ice-fishing excursion or wildlife tour
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- A major Darfur rebel leader and some of his top commanders have been killed , a Sudanese army spokesman announced on state-run radio Sunday . "  Our armed forces were able to destroy the renegade Khalil Ibrahim , who died along with members of  his group 's  leadership that was with him , " said Alswarmi Khalid , the army 's spokesperson . Khalid said Ibrahim and members of his group were surrounded and killed in the Wad Banda area -- along the border between North Darfur state and North Kordofan state -- as they attempted to escape to South Sudan . Fighting between Darfur rebels and the Sudanese army broke out days ago in North Kordofan , as rebels announced an assault on Khartoum . Ibrahim was the leader of the Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  , considered the most powerful Darfur rebel group . The JEM had refused to join the Doha Darfur peace document , signed between the Sudanese government and another rebel group , the Liberation and Justice Movement , this year . A statement posted on JEM 's website confirmed Ibrahim 's death , but told a different narrative of events . "  JEM announces the martyrdom of its chair and head of its armed forces and offers its condolences to all Sudanese people , " the statement read . The JEM said Ibrahim was attacked from air by an unknown plane that hit with "  with accuracy unusual for the regime 's army 's fighters which led to his martyrdom ... which points to the involvement of and a conspiracy by some in the regional and international circles with Khartoum 's genocidal regime . " The rebel group reconfirmed its commitment to remove the government from power .	NEW : The JEM rebel group alleges a conspiracy led to the death of its leader Sudanese army : Khalil Ibrahim and members of his group 's leadership were killed Ibrahim was the leader of the Justice and Equality Movement  JEM Fighting between Darfur rebels and the Sudanese army broke out days ago in North Kordofan
KINGSTON , Ontario  CNN  -- For Shona Holmes , simple pleasures such as playing with her dog or walking in her plush garden are a gift . Canadian Shona Holmes , who had a brain tumor , sought medical care in the United States . After suffering from crushing headaches and vision problems , she was diagnosed with a brain tumor four years ago . She was told if it was n't removed , she could go blind or even die . "  They said to me that you had a brain tumor and it was pressing on your optic chasm and that it needed to come out immediately , " Holmes said . Holmes is Canadian , but the "  they " she refers to are doctors at the Mayo Clinic in the United States , where she turned after specialists in her own government-run health care system would not see her fast enough . "  My family doctor at that time tried to get me in to see an endocrinologist and a neurologist , " Holmes recalled . "  It was going to be four months for one specialist and six months for the other . " Watch Holmes talk about her experience in getting treatment " Even with the warning from U.S. doctors in hand , Holmes said she still could n't get in to see Canadian specialists . Because the government system is the only health care option for Canadians , she says she had no choice but to have the surgery in the U.S. . Her treatment at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona cost $ 100,000 , and she and her husband put a second mortgage on their home and borrowed from family and friends to pay for it . When she recounts that part of her painful story , she weeps . "  That 's the stuff that I find so tragic -- having dinner with my friends and I know how much money I owe them , " Holmes says , tears streaming down her face . With the health care reform debate raging in the U.S. , Republicans in Washington are seizing on Holmes ' story and other accounts from Canada to warn against government involvement in the health care system . The Senate 's top Republican , Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , asserted several times on the Senate floor last month that a government-run health insurance option , which President Obama and Democrats want , could lead to a government-controlled health care system like Canada 's . Watch McConnell talk about Canada 's health care system McConnell singled out Kingston General Hospital in Ontario as a prime example of what Americans should be fearful of : staggering delays in treatment . CNN went to Kingston General and played a DVD for its chief of staff Dr. David Zelt of McConnell slamming the hospital . Zelt insists McConnell 's numbers -- an average of 340 days wait time for knee replacements , 196 days for hip replacements -- are an exaggeration . "  I find it very frustrating that someone of that stature would not really have true knowledge of the numbers he is actually quoting on things , " Zelt told us , saying the average wait time for a knee replacement is actually 109 days , and a hip replacement is 91 days . Watch Zelt talk about Canada 's health care system " However , Zelt does concede that in Canada 's system , where every Canadian citizen is covered , there are limited resources , shortages and often delays . "  In our health care system , we 're looking at what we have to do to prioritize patients -- critically ill versus purely elective surgeries , " Zelt said . "  I 'm not going to say we do n't have issues with timeliness for some things . It does happen . But again take the other side of the coin -- these patients have access . They 're on somebody 's waiting list if they have a problem , and I think the senator would need to look at that issue . Yes it may take time , but they will get seen . " McConnell 's remarks have not only ruffled feathers with Ontario 's doctors but also with government officials across the border . Canadian Sen. Hugh Segal , whom we met up with at Kingston 's picturesque waterfront , says his "  fellow conservatives " to the south are dead wrong about Canada 's health care system . "  The notion that we have some bureaucrat standing next to every doctor between the patient and that doctor is a complete creation , there is no truth to that at all , " Segal said . Watch Canadian senator challenge McConnell 's assertions " "  What you have is a longer life span , better outcomes and about one-third less costs . That 's what you have . " What Segal , Zelt and other Canadian officials underscore is that their government-run system is driven by the value of the care and that the quantity of tests and procedures do n't necessarily equal quality . "  You can have a patient from the hospital with abdominal pain as an example , and you can run him through every high-tech equipment , CT scan , MRIs -- it 's unlimited , " Zelt said . "  But then you have to take a step back and look at that . What 's the cost of doing those types of investigations , and what 's the value really added to the patient ? " Despite Shona Holmes ' horror story about her inability to get timely treatment for a brain tumor , Canadian officials and doctors insist most life-threatening cases are treated quickly . Toronto 's Doug Wright can attest to that . The 40-year-old father of three young boys found out last month he has cancer -- a tumor on his leg . But he says he never had to wait more than five days to see a specialist or get a test . And from diagnosis to surgery , it will be just over a month . "  The community medical system thought this process could not have been any better . I have not had to wait to see some of the best specialists in the country , who are renowned internationally , " Wright said . Watch Wright talk about his treatment " An investment adviser , Wright has the money to go to the U.S. for his care , but says there is no need . But Wright recognizes one reason he has gotten such a rapid response from Canadian doctors is because he has cancer . "  The bad news is I did n't have to wait for anything , because you do n't have to wait when it 's a serious issue , " he said . Still , people can wait for months , or even years , for elective surgery . Wright 's friend Rick Hession has a heart condition that could cause a stroke , but he has a three-month wait or more for an operation to help correct it . He says he ca n't exercise the way he would like to until he gets the surgery , but he 's willing to wait . He calls it a small price to pay for free health coverage for all Canadians . "  I 'm OK with it , and I think most people I talk to find they really are -LSB- willing to wait -RSB- , " says Hession . Watch Hession talk about waiting for treatment " The reality is that despite GOP rhetoric to the contrary , no Democratic plan now on the table calls for a Canadian-like government run health care system . But in talking to doctors , government officials and even average Canadians , they concede their system is far from perfect , but there is one statistic they are quite proud of : All Canadians have health coverage . That 's 33 million people , compared with the 47 million uninsured in the U.S.	Woman with tumor said wait would have been too long ; she got costly U.S. treatment Canadian man with cancer says he was put on fast track for treatment Sen. Mitch McConnell says U.S.-run program would mimic Canada 's problems Some doctors who spoke to CNN say McConnell does n't have facts right on waits
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie knows that were her mother still alive , she would have been proud . While receiving the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award at the 2013 Governors Awards on Saturday , the Academy Award-winning actress paid an emotional tribute to her mother , Marcheline Bertrand , who died in 2007 of ovarian cancer . Jolie said during her acceptance speech that her mother was very supportive of her career , driving her daughter to auditions and waiting for her for hours . She was also instrumental in inspiring her daughter 's humanitarian endeavors , Jolie said . "  Above all , she was very clear that nothing would mean anything if I did n't live a life of use to others , " Jolie said . " And I did n't know what that meant for a long time . It was only when I began to travel and look and live beyond my home that I understand my responsibility to others . " Hollywood turned out for the event where Steve Martin , Angela Lansbury and costume designer Piero Tosi also received Oscars honoring their careers . Jolie told CNN on the red carpet that the honor was "  very exciting , but it 's also . . it 's very humbling to receive anything like this that touches on humanitarian issues when there 's so many crises going on around the world . " "  I see it as a ` you 're on the right track , but there 's a lot more to do , ' so I 'm glad . I feel like I have so much more to learn and so much more I should be doing to help others , " she said . "  Especially at this time , with so much happening in Syria and the Philippines , and everywhere else , so it 's a bittersweet evening . " Jolie spoke of her travels , meeting refugees and the impact it has had on her . Her voice cracking , she said during her speech that "  we are all , everyone in this room , so fortunate . " The actress arrived with longtime love , actor Brad Pitt , and their eldest son , 12-year-old Maddox . While not naming Pitt , Jolie thanked "  my love " and said "  Your support and guidance make everything I do possible . " She also had a few words for their son during her speech . "  Mad , I 'm not going to cry , I promise , " she said . "  I 'm not going to embarrass you . You and your brothers and sisters are my happiness . There is no greater honor than being your mother . " The Governors Awards is an annual event presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . During the ceremony , specialized awards are given to honor humanitarian work and motion picture achievements not covered by the Academy Awards ceremony .	Angelina Jolie and other stars honored at the Academy 's 2013 Governors Awards Jolie received the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award Steve Martin , Angela Lansbury and costume designer Piero Tosi received honorary Oscars
CNN  -- A Peruvian reality show has become part of a real-life crime drama as authorities investigate the slaying of a contestant who appeared on the program . Police found Ruth Thalia Sayas Sanchez 's body Saturday , more than two months after the 19-year-old 's on-air confession that she worked in a nightclub and twice accepted money for sex . Investigators uncovered evidence of poison in her body and signs that she was strangled , Peruvian Attorney General Jose Pelaez told reporters . Authorities accuse her ex-boyfriend of killing her because he felt he was entitled to some of the 15,000 soles  $ 5,700  she won on the show , according to police accounts reported by local media . Sayas was the first contestant on "  The Value of Truth , " which features participants answering tough questions about their personal lives in front of an audience and loved ones . Before appearing on the show , contestants are subjected to a polygraph test to verify their responses . Pelaez said investigators were looking into the role the show could have played in Sayas ' death . "  The investigation will determine whether there is some degree of responsibility , even though it seems to me that it would be a responsibility that would not have a causal relation , " he told reporters . The teen 's family has said the show did not cause her death . "  This television program has absolutely nothing to do with it , ' said Freddy Sanchez Rojas , Sayas ' uncle . On Sunday , the president of Peru 's Radio and Television Advisory Council cited Sayas ' death as she called on media in the South American country to more closely monitor the contents of their programs . "  I think there is a marked tendency in our media to convert strong and difficult news into a show so everyone can see it . There is a concept of information and news that goes against the very people covered within the report , " President Rosa Maria Alfaro said . Facing increased scrutiny , the show 's host has said the program is not responsible for her slaying . Criticism of the show is unfair , host Beto Ortiz said . "  What they are doing is giving an alibi to the defenders of a soulless criminal , because they are taking away his responsibility by saying that television creates monsters , " he said .	A reality show contestant is found slain more than two months after she appears on TV Authorities accuse her ex-boyfriend of killing her over prize money Investigators are looking into what role the show played , Peru 's attorney general says Host : Critics of the show "  are giving an alibi to a soulless criminal "
CNN  -- For many political observers , last night 's loss by Eric Cantor was one of the biggest shocks of our political careers . The Republican House majority leader was easily defeated by an almost unknown challenger whom he heavily outspent . It 's been reported that Cantor 's team spent more on steakhouses than his opponent did on his entire campaign . No one had a clue this was about to happen , including Cantor himself . Just days before the primary , his camp leaked an internal poll showing him ahead by 34 points . No House majority leader has lost a primary since the position was created in 1899 . While the result was unexpected , it confirms something we already knew . In the Republican civil war , the tea party has won . It 's more than just Cantor 's loss . A week earlier , Sen. Thad Cochran , R-Mississippi , was forced into a runoff by tea party candidate Chris McDaniel . And the Republican primary winner in Maine 's 2nd Congressional District is closely connected to Gov. Paul LePage and his disastrous tea party agenda that has hurt the state . And even the candidates who are supposed to be the establishment have been pulled so far to the right by tea party challengers that there is no difference in their policies or rhetoric . Mitch McConnell held off his primary opponent only by leaving no room for him to run , opposing anything and everything offered by President Barack Obama . Now , as the embodiment of partisan obstruction in Washington , he 'll have trouble against Alison Lundergan Grimes , a mainstream Democratic candidate . As majority leader , Cantor guided House Republicans ' vastly out-of-touch agenda . Perhaps that is why it was so difficult for political operatives to believe that he could be defeated by a challenger alleging that he was not conservative enough . Cantor has gone out of his way to set an agenda that appeals to the Republican Party 's tea party wing , at the expense of middle-class families who could have benefited from the preferred mainstream approach of Democrats . But apparently , he was just not extreme enough for today 's GOP . The repercussions of Cantor 's loss will reverberate for Republicans . Opinion : Real lesson in Cantor 's loss -- Beware conventional wisdom Their far right agenda is already hurting them in general elections . I shudder to think what Republican presidential contenders will say in a 2016 primary to win over voters who think Eric Cantor is n't conservative enough . But even this year , the effect will be felt . We 're only about halfway through the primary calendar . In addition to the Mississippi Senate runoff , Iowa 's 3rd Congressional District will hold a convention next week to select their candidate . The last time the state used a convention , we wound up with Rep. Steve King . On Tuesday night , New York Republican Peter King expressed his fear that the results "  will move the party further to the right , which will marginalize us further as a national party . " He does n't need to look any further than his home state to see how the tea party is relegating the Republican Party to the sidelines . Opinion : Who said the tea party was dead ? We 'll also see how Cantor 's loss affects tea party primary challenges this summer in New Hampshire and Arizona . The Democratic Party and its candidates remain committed to helping provide economic security to middle-class families and addressing serious issues such as commonsense immigration reform . Meanwhile , Republican Party one-upsmanship to appeal to the tea party base threatens to keep their party in the minority and out of the White House for the foreseeable future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile says Eric Cantor 's defeat means the tea party takeover is complete Several other tea party favorites had strong showings Tuesday Brazile : Their far right agenda is already hurting them in leading into general elections
CNN  -- A couple of years ago I started a program to try to get rock-star tech and design people to take a year off and work in the one environment that represents pretty much everything they 're supposed to hate -- government . It 's called Code for America , and it 's a little bit like a Peace Corps for geeks . We select a few fellows every year , and we have them work with city governments . Instead of sending them off into the Third World , we send them into the wilds of City Hall . And there they make great apps and work with city staffers . But really what they 're doing is showing what 's possible with technology today . Watch Jennifer Pahlka 's TED Talk One of the applications the Code for America fellows wrote last year is called Adopt-a-Hydrant . It lets Bostonians sign up to dig out fire hydrants when they 're covered in snow . This is a modest little app , probably the smallest of the 21 apps the fellows built . But it 's doing something that very few government technologies are doing : It 's spreading virally . It 's open-source , so anyone can take the code . Forest Frizzell in the IT department of the City of Honolulu found it and realized he could use it to recruit citizens to check on the tsunami sirens in his city to make sure they 're functioning . Seattle is planning to use it to get citizens to clear clogged storm drains . Chicago has rolled it out to let people sign up to shovel sidewalks when it snows . There are now nine cities we know of looking to use this app , and it 's happening organically , frictionlessly . TED.com : Being young and making an impact This app invites us to think a little differently about government . This is not how government normally procures software ; that 's generally a multi-year process . One of our teams of fellows built a web app for parents trying to find the right public school for their kids . The project took two fellows about two-and-a-half months . We were told that if it had gone through normal government channels , it would have taken two years and cost over $ 2 million . So an app that takes just a few days to write and spreads virally is a shot across the bow to the institution of government . It suggests how government might work more like the Internet itself : permissionless , open , generative . But what 's more important is how a new generation is tackling the problem of government , not as the problem of an ossified institution , but as a problem of collective action . This is good news , because it turns out we have actually gotten very good at enabling collective action with digital technology . And when we can put aside all the emotional baggage we all carry about government , government is simply what we do together . If you 've given up on government , I would ask you to reconsider -- because government is changing . Technology is making it possible to fundamentally reframe the function of government by being a platform for citizens to help themselves and help others . Adopt-a-hydrant is a small example of government as a platform , but the story of the possums in Boston adds another element . Many cities now have a 311 line , where citizens can report issues . But some of them also have Web and mobile apps that do the same thing , and there 's a difference . When you call in , it 's person-to-person communication . If you use the app , your service request is public . One day , on Boston 's 311 app , a resident reported a possum in her trash can , wondering if it was alive , and asked for help from the city in getting it removed . But because it was public , a neighbor saw it , and commented : "  Walked over to West Ninth Street . Located trash can . Possum ? Check . Living ? Yep . Turned the trash can on its side . Good night , sweet possum . " In this case , a citizen helped another citizen , but government had a critical role : It connected them , and it could have connected them to government services if they 'd been needed . But a neighbor helping a neighbor strengthens a community . Sending out Animal Control just costs money ! TED.com : Paul Romer 's radical idea -- charter cities We have this opportunity to reframe government in very promising ways , but "  we the people " are going to have to do few things differently if we want this to work . For one , we need to understand that government is not the same thing as politics , and that voting ca n't be our only input into the system of government . How often have we elected a new political leader and then expected everything to change ? That does n't work , because government is like a vast ocean , and politics is like the 6-inch layer on top . What 's under that is bureaucracy . And the contempt that most people have for that word disempowers us . It allows a system that we own , and we pay for , to forever be something that works against us . People seem to think politics is sexy , but if we want this institution to work for us , we 're going to have to make bureaucracy sexy -- because that 's where the real work of government happens . We ca n't do without government , but we do need it to be more effective . Secondly , we need to remember that we 're not just consumers . We 're citizens . And we are not going to fix government if we do n't also fix citizenship . TED.com : Make data more human The good news is there 's a generation that has grown up on the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to do things together . Members of this generation have grown up taking their voices pretty much for granted . They have dozens of channels where they can express their opinions about any topic , so when they 're faced with the problem of government , they do n't care as much about using their voices . They 're using their hands . They 're using their hands to write applications that make government work better , but they 're also writing apps that let us use our hands to make our communities work better : shoveling out a fire hydrant , pulling a weed , or turning over a garbage can for a neighbor . So , when it comes to the big important things we need to do together , are we just going to be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Pahlka .	Jennifer Pahlka : A new generation has the potential to reinvent government Her program puts software experts in city halls , leading to a flurry of innovation She says projects that would have taken years and millions can be done cheaply in months Pahlka : To overhaul government , electing leaders is n't enough ; bureaucracy must be changed
Nova Friburgo , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from devastating flooding in Brazil continued to rise Sunday , surpassing 600 , the government said . At least 631 deaths were reported in a mountainous region of Rio de Janeiro state , northeast of the city of Rio . Other states in the South American country have also seen heavy rainfall . Are you there ? Share your photos , videos and stories Last week , authorities in neighboring Sao Paulo state said 24 people had been killed by flooding . Forecasters there said late Sunday that an approaching cold front could bring more flooding and landslides . Most of the deaths in Rio de Janeiro state were reported in the cities of Nova Friburgo and Teresopolis , with 287 and 269 fatalities , respectively . The state 's health and civil defense department reported 56 fatalities in the town of Petropolis and 19 in Sumidouro . Officials in that office also warned residents of the risk of waterborne diseases . Several thousand vaccines against tetanus and diphtheria have been distributed , they said . Rescuers have not been able to reach some hard-hit areas , and many more people are feared dead . The rain is predicted to continue for several days in areas already submerged in water or slathered with mud . Members of the army entered parts of Teresopolis and were able to rescue 110 families . Thousands of families are still living on mountain slopes or on riverbanks and face extreme risk of being washed away . One resident described the disaster as a tsunami that fell from the sky . In a statement , Rio Gov. Sergio Cabral said he had a panic attack when he was traveling to Nova Friburgo and saw a devastated mountainside . Outside a makeshift morgue in Teresopolis , a crowd of people waited for their turn to identify loved ones . Marco Antonio Siqueira Costa said the last time he saw his brother , sister-in-law and niece was a few days ago , before mud buried their house . "  I think that last meeting was God 's way of granting us a farewell , " he said . Residents in the city donned masks and helped clean streets or deliver first aid . Others combed the city , searching desperately for missing loved ones . Red Cross volunteer Maria Helena de Jesus was helping with first aid . "  You have to almost have a heart of stone , " she said . "  It was very difficult . " Teresopolis Mayor Jorge Mario Sedlacek declared his city a natural disaster area . President Dilma Rousseff flew over flood-affected areas last week and landed in Friburgo , the agency said . The floods are her first test as president . She trudged through mud to talk to residents in a neighborhood where four of seven firefighters trying to rescue people had been buried under mud . The other three were pulled out alive . "  We are going to take firm action " to help the devastated areas , said Rousseff . Brazilian authorities have been criticized for a lack of disaster planning and allowing people to build homes in areas known to become treacherous in the rainy season . They are under increasing pressure to show a strong response . Brazil is scheduled to host the World Cup in 2014 and the 2016 Olympics . Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet contributed to this report .	NEW : Forecasters say more flooding and landslides could hit Sao Paulo state At least 631 deaths are reported in Rio de Janeiro state Officials warn of the risk of waterborne diseases Troops arrive to help rescue those who are trapped
CNN  Eleven people died Monday after a Greek air force F-16 jet crashed at a base in Los Llanos in southeastern Spain , authorities said . Nine were French military personnel , and two were Greek pilots , a senior Spanish defense official told CNN . The jet crashed on takeoff , hitting other planes on the ground during a NATO training exercise , said the source , who by custom was not named . Twenty people were injured , according to a statement from the Spanish Defense Ministry . All those hurt are either French or Italian . NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said he was "  deeply saddened " by the crash . "  This is a tragedy which affects the whole NATO family . I express my heartfelt condolences to the loved ones and the nations of those who lost their lives , and I wish a speedy recovery to the injured , " he said in a statement . "  The plane was taking part in an exercise in the framework of NATO 's Tactical Leadership Programme , which aims to improve multinational cooperation in air operations , " Stoltenberg said . The NATO flight training course at the Spanish base has 750 participants , including pilots , ground crews and other support , from nine countries : the United States , United Kingdom , France , Germany , Italy , Spain , Belgium , Denmark and Greece , the Spanish air force reported on its website last week . It was expected to be a four-week program , from January 19 to February 13 , with training to prepare pilots for tactical missions , including nighttime missions , the site said .	11 people died and 20 others were injured , according to the Spanish Defense Ministry A Greek Air Force F-16 jet has crashed in Spain during a NATO training exercise , a Spanish official says
CNN  -- At the stroke of midnight , American beer drinkers were no longer breaking the law when they broke open a beer . Brewers and beer lovers this weekend are toasting the return of legal brew 75 years ago . Breweries and beer lovers around the country are celebrating the 75th anniversary of the return of beer on April 7 , 1933 , as the Prohibition era was drawing to a close . It was n't quite the end of Prohibition , and it was n't quite beer , but after 14 thirsty years , it was close enough . What became available that day was only 3.2 percent alcohol by weight  compared with up to 5 percent in full-strength beer  , but still , it was a step up from the virtually alcohol-free "  near beer " that had been sold since 1920 . "  It 's a big deal . ... The whole industry of beer has gotten together to say this date is definitely historic , " said Julia Herz , spokeswoman for the Brewers Association , which represents smaller "  craft " brewers . In St. Louis , Missouri , megabrewer Anheuser-Busch is throwing a big bash , complete with historical exhibits and an appearance by the company 's famous Clydesdale horses . Also in St. Louis , but on a more intimate scale , Schlafly Beer is inviting folks to come out to its Bottleworks for a festival next weekend . Remnants of Prohibition survive today in the form of state-owned liquor stores and local laws that , for example , prevent sales of alcohol on Sundays or in grocery stores . Some counties remain entirely dry , banning alcohol sales altogether , and 3.2 beer is still sold in six states  Colorado , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Oklahoma and Utah  , according to Modern Brewery Age magazine . And there are those who think a beer-related anniversary is nothing to celebrate . "  It is the product of choice for underage drinking , " said Michael Scippa , advocacy director for the Marin Institute , an alcohol industry watchdog group . "  We 're not neo-Prohibitionists or teetotalers , " he said . "  We 're not trying to tell adults what to do . " He said his group just wants the industry to operate more responsibly . The crowds celebrating the anniversary are unlikely to match the size or enthusiasm of those that gathered around breweries all over the country on "  New Beer 's Eve , " April 6 , 1933 , in anticipation of the return of legal beer that actually had some alcohol in it . "  There was dancing in the streets and lines outside brewery doors ... It was a big date , for sure , " Herz said . Franklin Delano Roosevelt had been president barely a month , having been sworn in on March 4 after a landslide victory the previous November . Sweeping into power with him was an anti-Prohibition majority in Congress known as "  the wets . " Together they fulfilled their first campaign promise with passage of the Cullen-Harrison Act , which increased the amount of alcohol allowed in beverages from 0.5 percent to a discernible 3.2 percent by weight . When the act took effect at 12:01 a.m. ET April 7 , trucks and carriages burst out of brewery gates bearing cases and barrels of beer for a parched republic -- at least for the District of Columbia and the 20 states whose laws permitted it . Several breweries dispatched cases directly to the White House and the Capitol . According to the Brewers Association , more than 1.5 million barrels were snapped up in the first 24 hours . Full-strength beer and hard liquor were still a few months away . National Prohibition was n't repealed until the 21st Amendment to the Constitution was ratified on December 5 . Bob Skilnik , author of eight books about beer , including "  Beer & Food : An American History , " holds that the December date is more significant and that the quickly brewed April 7 beer probably was of poor quality . "  I know everyone gets excited about it , but you were offered a watered-down version of beer . That 's all you got , " Skilnik said . "  It probably was n't a very satisfying drink . If you wanted to have a shot -LSB- of hard liquor -RSB- on the side , you still had to wait until December 5th for that to happen . " But the celebration was about more than getting a buzz . According to a contemporary article in The New York Times , the revival of the brewing industry restored at least 50,000 jobs in the midst of the Great Depression , instantly breathing life into the economies of St. Louis ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; Chicago , Illinois ; and other cities and towns where breweries were large employers . "  April 7th was really just ... FDR looking for an economic shot in the arm , " Skilnik said . "  And it was a very successful shot in the arm . There was a hell of a lot of money spent . " He said $ 25 million was pumped into breweries and associated businesses -- helping farmers , truckers , and glassmakers as well as brewers and pubs -- in the first 48 hours of sales . And that was good for cash-strapped governments , too . "  Everybody -LSB- in government -RSB- , for the first time , started to wrap their heads around the notion that this is something that you could tax , " he said . The first day of beer sales reaped $ 7.5 million in tax receipts for the U.S. Treasury , he noted . About half the nation 's breweries went out of business during Prohibition , but others survived by converting to products such as oleomargarine , ice cream , cheese and smoked ham . So at the Storck brewery in Milwaukee , for example , children could enjoy a sundae while Mom or Dad slipped away to a room where illicit beer was served from a hidden tap , according to the American Brewerania Association 's Web site . Yes , despite Prohibition , Americans could go for the gusto . Chicago had as many as 20,000 speakeasies , Skilnik said . "  If you could n't find a beer during Prohibition , " he said , "  you really were n't trying . " E-mail to a friend	Brewers , beer lovers celebrate 75th anniversary of return of beer on Monday Change in law in 1933 made beer legal after 14 years of Prohibition "  New Beer 's Eve " provided instant economic boost during Depression Quickly brewed , weak beverage probably tasted bad , expert says
CNN  -- A judge set bond at more than $ 1 million Wednesday for a man who said , falsely , that he had a bomb at Florida 's Jacksonville International Airport . Zeljko Causevic , 39 , is charged with one count of making a false report about planting a bomb , and one count of manufacturing , possessing , selling or delivering a "  hoax bomb , " according to Jacksonville Aviation Authority spokesman Michael Stewart . He was arrested at the airport , which was evacuated late Tuesday as a result of the scare . The suspect appeared in court Wednesday . He wore a green jumpsuit and did not speak as the judge set his bond and next court appearance -- October 23 . There was no immediate public statement by an attorney on Causevic 's behalf . According to the FBI , authorities had first feared that a larger plot was under way . "  The confluence of these three events in a short time frame suggested perhaps a larger plot was unfolding , and made necessary a significant response to evaluate the situation as a whole , " the agency said in a statement Wednesday . The first event involved Causevic at a security checkpoint , where he indicated his bag contained a bomb . The second event unfolded when police approached a male suspect , who grew defensive and dropped a bag he was carrying . It was later determined that he had no connection to the initial threat . The man was arrested on unrelated charged , the FBI said in its statement . The third event involved a disruptive passenger on an out-bound flight . No arrests were made in that case , and it was also determined not to have anything to do with the other two incidents , the FBI said . After the airport was evacuated , some arriving flights were diverted and some passengers who were on planes that had already landed were taken to hotels . Hours later , officials issued an all-clear . "  We erred on the side of caution in terms of doing whatever 's necessary to make sure that everybody is safe , " said Stewart . Ex-TSA employee accused of making false threat at LAX on eve of 9/11 anniversary CNN 's Dana Ford , Josh Levs , Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Suspect Zeljko Causevic , 39 , was arrested at the airport He appeared on court Wednesday Authorities had first feared that a larger plot was under way
CNN  -- Amanda Bynes has nothing to hide . The actress has returned to Twitter after a rough 2013 , and confirmed that she 's posting all social media messages from @amandabynes , not through pseudonyms as some have speculated . "  FYI This is my only twitter account , I have no secret twitter accounts . Xoxo Amanda , " Bynes posted along with a sketch that appears to be of herself . The 27-year-old 's Twitter account was once the place where headlines were made , as she would post questionable and at times disturbing messages occasionally involving other celebrities . But since her release from an in-patient treatment facility in December , where she spent four months under involuntary psychiatric hold , Bynes has cleaned house . All of the old tweets have been banished , and in their place are brief , run-of-the-mill updates along with a smattering of older photos . "  Hi everyone ! I 'm busy studying at  the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising  but I want to say I love you to my fans ! " she shared on March 1 . It 's a marked change in tone and topic since March 2013 , when she became infamous for sending Drake a lewd tweet . That July , after accumulating various run-ins with the law , Bynes was initially detained for a mental health evaluation when she was involved in a residential disturbance . That detainment turned into a psychiatric hold that lasted until December , when she was released into her parents ' custody . Bynes ' mother 's lawyer , Tamar Arminak , said at the time that Bynes was continuing treatment as an outpatient several times a week , and was "  excited to be home ... and especially happy to re-establish a loving relationship with her parents . " Bynes gets probation in DUI plea deal	Amanda Bynes has resurfaced on Twitter She 's posting sparingly , and keeping her comments neutral Her Twitter account was once the talk of the town The actress received treatment for health issues and was released in December
Kim Kardashian 's 20-carat diamond engagement ring , a remnant of her 72-day marriage to NBA basketball player Kris Humphries , was auctioned Tuesday in New York by Christie 's for $ 749,000 , US Weekly reported . Christie 's auction house confirmed the sale of a 20-carat ring to an anonymous buyer . It did not reveal whether it was the ring that Humphries gave Kardashian . The ring "  far exceed the presale estimate " of $ 300,000 to $ 500,000 , said Gabriel Ford , a spokesman for Christie 's . "  This impressive diamond ring was sought out by two bidders in the back of the room , one online bidder and was ultimately won by a bidder on the phone , " Ford said . Humphries , an NBA forward , accused Kardashian of fraud by entering the marriage only to make millions of dollars with their wedding , Humphries ' lawyer , Marshall Waller , told a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge . The August 20 , 2011 , wedding was aired in October on E! Entertainment in a two-part special titled "  Kim 's Fairytale Wedding : A Kardashian Event . " Kardashian filed for separation in October 2011 , beginning a more than 20-month divorce battle . The couple 's divorce was finalized in June just days before she gave birth to a girl fathered by rapper Kanye West . The baby girl was named North .	The 20-carat diamond ring exceeded the presale estimate , an official says US Weekly reports it was the ring Kris Humphries gave to Kim Kardashian Christie 's did not confirm whether it was Kardashian 's ring The couple was married for 72 days before splitting up
CNN  -- A new global racing series is launching with hopes of rivaling Formula One , but there is one major difference -- the cars will all have electric engines . The Formula E series has been backed by Jean Todt , president of motorsport 's world governing body the Federation Internationale del ` Automobile  FIA  . The former Ferrari F1 chief has signed an agreement with a group of investors to stage a series of races on city-center tracks . The investors , who already have Rio de Janeiro signed up as a host city , plan to have 10 teams and 20 drivers ready to race in 2014 , following a year of testing . "  This new competition at the heart of major cities is certain to attract a new audience , " Todt told the FIA website . "  This spectacular series will offer both entertainment and a new opportunity to share the FIA values and objectives of clean energy , mobility and sustainability with a wider and younger audience as well . " Formula E 's cars will be based around a prototype designed by French company Formulec . The 780 kg vehicles will have a maximum speed of 220 kmh  137 mph  and run on a lithium-iron battery that can provide 25 minutes ' racing . The chairman of the new series will be Alejandro Agag , who already supports teams in the FIA 's GP2 and GP3 series . "  We see this as a great opportunity to create a new and exciting spectacle mixing racing , clean energy and sustainability , looking to the future , " Agag said . "  We expect this championship to become the framework for research and development around the electric car , a key element for the future of our cities . " The FIA has been eager to encourage motorsport to lead the motor industry in harnessing the potential of electric engines , with innovations such as the KERS system -- which harnesses braking energy to provide an engine boost every lap -- already being adapted to mass production cars . From 2014 , Formula One pit lanes will have to be electric only .	FIA president Jean Todt signs agreement to launch series in 2014 Electric car competition will be focused on city-center tracks Brazil 's Rio de Janeiro is the first host city to sign up Todt says new series will attract a "  younger audience " to motorsport
CNN  -- The retirements are coming thick and fast out of Old Trafford , with Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand the latest to call time -- on his international career . The 34-year-old 's retirement follows the farce that ensued in March when he was recalled by England manager Roy Hodgson for the World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Montenegro , only for Ferdinand to quickly withdraw due to his "  pre-planned fitness program " with his club . In a statement released by the English Football Association , Ferdinand explained that he wanted to retire from international football to "  concentrate on my club career . " "  After a great deal of thought , I have decided the time is right for me to retire from international football , " added Ferdinand , who has not played for England since a Euro 2012 qualifier against Switzerland in June 2011 . "  The team looks in great shape and there is an influx of young , talented players coming through the ranks which bodes well for the future . "  I regard it as a great honor and a privilege to have represented my country at every level from Under-17s upwards . "  I have always been very proud to play for England . I would like to wish Roy and the team all the best for future tournaments . "  A big thank you to all the fans , managers , coaching staff and players that I have worked alongside - the journey has been incredible . " In October , Hodgson was forced to apologize to Ferdinand after an English newspaper reported he had told fellow commuters during a tube journey on London 's underground that the Manchester United defender 's international career was over . Ferdinand had been controversially left out of England 's squad for Euro 2012 despite the United defender expressing his desire to add to his 81 international caps . After leaving Ferdinand out of his Euro 2012 squad , Hodgson opted to take Chelsea captain John Terry , though the defender had been due in court to face allegations he racially abused Rio 's brother , Anton Ferdinand . Hodgson insisted it was purely a football decision and Terry was cleared in July . But he was banned for four matches on the same charge by the FA and announced his retirement from international football . After making his debut against Cameroon at Wembley in 1997 , Ferdinand went on to win 81 caps for England , playing in three World Cups . "  It 's important to pay tribute to someone of Rio 's stature and the achievements he had in a senior international career with England over 14 years at the highest level , " said Hodgson "  To have captained his country , to play at three World Cups and indeed score in one of those , marks him out amongst a very special group of players . "  I appreciated the call from Rio to inform me of his decision , which clearly he had spent much time considering before reaching this point . "	Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand retires from international football Ferdinand won 81 caps for England The 34-year-old defender made debut against Cameroon at Wembley in 1997 Ferdinand last played for England in June 2011
